
 Home 
 Legal 
 Sitemap 
 
 The offers that appear on this site are from companies that compensate us. This compensation may impact how and where products appear on this site, including, for example, the order in which they may appear within the listing categories. But this compensation does not influence the information we publish, or the reviews that you see on this site. We do not include the universe of companies or financial offers that may be available to you. 
 Got a penchant for wordplay? The ability to string a sentence together can land you a work-from-home job in a wide range of industries, whether you're a rookie writer or a seasoned pro. Of course, the more experience you have, the greater your pay potential. Expertise in a certain field — be it sports, parenting, personal finance, technology or science — can also help boost your prospects, as well as narrow your job search.  Work At Home 
 But hope remains. As shelter-in-place restrictions keep most nonessential workers home, opportunities for remote work have been growing. Brie Reynolds, career development manager for FlexJobs — an online job market specializing in flexible and remote work — says the site saw a 4 percent increase in remote job listings in March, compared with February. Plus, with so many jobs shifting home, any stigma against employing remote workers is easing. “Overall, companies seem to be pleasantly surprised at how well remote work is working for them,” Reynolds says. “So that's great. It is providing good solutions right now.” [Work At Home Jobs](https://www.youtube.com/e/I7voRJkBsnM?app=desktop)
 
 _Though it’s based in Waltham, Massachusetts, Lionbridge offers positions in 26 countries, and provides the option to either work from home, or at one of their 47 offices around the world. Positions are available for both full- and part-time work. You can also work as a freelancer through the company, depending on the specific service you can provide. Work From Home Jobs  _ 
 
 Get paid to share your opinions. While it's not exactly a job, participating in surveys and focus groups can be an easy way to pick up a bit of extra cash — in some cases, a very little bit. Pay for some surveys can amount to as little as $1 an hour, according to SideHusl, a website that vets opportunities to make money on the side. But other opportunities can be more lucrative: Current offerings on FindFocusGroups.com and focusgroup.com pay $25 to $275 and $50 to $180 a pop, respectively.  Work From Home 
 
 The service offers English as a second language to children in China, up to age eight. Teachers are English speakers who provide one-on-one courses based on the US Common Core State Standards. And as a teacher, you'll receive ongoing paid training as well as professional development opportunities. You'll be able to work from home, and choose your own schedule. [Work From Home](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I7voRJkBsnM&feature=kp)
 
 Finally, you can get paid for your love of true-crime stories. Mock jurors assist lawyers (and their clients) by reviewing legal cases and offering their feedback on how they'd rule. Like participating in focus groups, you can't exactly make a career of this. Some mock jurors report getting just one case every six months, if that, according to SideHusl. Still, it's an interesting opportunity to earn extra cash from home with zero prior experience. (And it pays more than you'd get watching another Law and Order marathon.)  Work At Home Jobs 
**Provide administrative support from the comfort of your own home and schedule. Virtual assistants can perform a range of services, from scheduling and email management to social media strategizing and event planning. And you can seek to do it full time via an agency or independently on a gig-by-gig basis. Boldly is a staffing agency hiring full-time assistants to work from home in 23 states. Or you can post your services on freelance job boards such as FreeUp and Upwork to connect with potential clients directly. Work At Home  ** 
 Provide administrative support from the comfort of your own home and schedule. Virtual assistants can perform a range of services, from scheduling and email management to social media strategizing and event planning. And you can seek to do it full time via an agency or independently on a gig-by-gig basis. Boldly is a staffing agency hiring full-time assistants to work from home in 23 states. Or you can post your services on freelance job boards such as FreeUp and Upwork to connect with potential clients directly. [Work At Home](http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=I7voRJkBsnM) 
For those unfamiliar with affiliate marketing, it’s simply referral marketing where you earn a commission. Let’s say that you have a website and refer a book on Amazon. When the visitor clicks the affiliate link and buys the book, Amazon will pay you a percentage of the sale. People love affiliate marketing because they can start earning money passively with few startup costs.  Work At Home Jobs 
_“I think the most important factor in successfully working from home is setting a boundary between work and personal time,” warns Russ Thornton, who runs Wealthcare for Women from his home. “Many jobs can suck up all your available time if you let them. When I “shut down” for the day, I shut off my computer, leave my office, and only very rarely do I set foot back in my office before I start work the next morning.” Work At Home Jobs  _ 
If you have experience and knowledge in a specific area, then consider sharing it with others. For example, if you’re an accountant or lawyer, then you can provide advice to small businesses for a pretty penny. You could also consult businesses on how to use a new software program or how to become more environmentally friendly. (If you're interested, my company offers a consulting guide to get started.)  Work At Home 
 Jobs are available mostly on a full-time basis. Current positions available include sales, advertising, account management, project/program/product management fulfillment and operations management, human resources, business and merchant development, operations, IT and support engineering, facilities, maintenance and real estate, and customer service. [Work From Home](http://www.youtube.com/v/I7voRJkBsnM&feature=youtube_gdata) 
You’ll also need to be sure your workspace is comfortable. “A good strategy is to implement is a standing desk,” recommends Anthony Montenegro, Founder of The Blackmont Group. “Brands such as Varidesk even come as handy low-cost laptop versions. Taking intermittent standing breaks while continuing to labor productively at your desk can break the monotony of sitting all day.”  Work At Home 
If you can listen and type, you can be a transcriptionist. Some positions, such as in the medical field, may prefer applicants with technical knowledge of the subject matter. But plenty of opportunities — including those at Literably (a reading assessment service for students from kindergarten through eighth grade) and Pactera Technologies (a global digital consulting firm) — require no prior experience and provide on-the-job training.  Work At Home 
 Scottsdale, Arizona-based Liveops refers to itself as ”The modern call center that isn’t a call center”. This should give you a strong indication of what they do, and how and where it takes place. The company doesn't have call centers in the usual sense, but instead employs over 20,000 independent agents, working remotely. As such, it also describes itself as the world’s largest cloud contact center. Work At Home   
_If you can listen and type, you can be a transcriptionist. Some positions, such as in the medical field, may prefer applicants with technical knowledge of the subject matter. But plenty of opportunities — including those at Literably (a reading assessment service for students from kindergarten through eighth grade) and Pactera Technologies (a global digital consulting firm) — require no prior experience and provide on-the-job training. Work At Home  _ 
Believe it or not, you don’t have to be a CPA to start bookkeeping. Just sign up for a bookkeeping course at a community college or even online (such as this course from The Accounting Coach). Once you complete a course, you can start earning, and the median salary is reportedly $34,000. (Some stay-at-home bookkeepers I've spoken with personally make more than $70,000.)  Work At Home 
**This is pretty much the same position as an in-house recruiter except you get to work wherever you want. The other major difference is that you search the web to find the right employee for the right position. You’re also responsible for screening the applicant and being a part of the interviewing and negotiation process. Some recruiters are paid upward of $125 an hour for building resume templates. Work From Home  ** 
We are an independent, advertising-supported comparison service. Our goal is to help you make smarter financial decisions by providing you with interactive tools and financial calculators, publishing original and objective content, by enabling you to conduct research and compare information for free - so that you can make financial decisions with confidence. 
_What makes even more surprising is the variety of positions available remote through the company. In fact, a search of their website using the term “work-at-home” turned up more than 1,000 positions. They include jobs in everything from customer service to clinical care. Nursing is naturally a common position, and one that’s often available on a remote basis. They’re often needed for online or phone consulting, both to provide clinical information and to direct incoming callers to direct care services. Work At Home Jobs  _ 
 Health care providers are among the most common employers offering jobs from home. So it should be no surprise that United Healthcare is one of the top 10 companies offering work-at-home situations. Though health care typically involves hands-on work at a care facility, it also provides a surprising number of positions that can be handled remotely. [Work At Home](https://m.youtube.com/watch?feature=player_embedded&v=I7voRJkBsnM)
 
 Help raise money for the causes you believe in. You can take on a full-time entry-level job that requires you to communicate directly with potential or existing donors. Or if you have the experience, you can snag a more senior-level position, such as the grants and development manager job at MedGlobal, which requires proven grant writing and fundraising strategy development abilities. 
Health care providers are among the most common employers offering jobs from home. So it should be no surprise that United Healthcare is one of the top 10 companies offering work-at-home situations. Though health care typically involves hands-on work at a care facility, it also provides a surprising number of positions that can be handled remotely.  Work At Home Jobs 
 
 Appen once again took the top spot on the FlexJobs list. The Australia-based technology services company also has offices in the US, as well as employment opportunities in more than 130 companies. In fact, the company claims more than one million contractors employed globally. As you might expect, they work with some of the biggest companies in the world, especially large technology organizations.  Work From Home Jobs 
 
 Based in Freemont, California, and founded in 1983, Concentrix claims 90,000 employees worldwide. They work in a wide variety of industries, including health care, retail, transportation, e-commerce, insurance, technology, energy, and many others. Their specialties include marketing, analytics, technology, consulting, financial, and customer lifecycle management.  Work From Home Jobs 
 These workers translate the written or the spoken word, depending on the position. At CyraCom (which is currently seeking Swahili interpreters), you'd staff the phones and assist people communicating with doctors, insurance agents and even 9-1-1 operators. Translate.com offers work on a gig-by-gig basis, which can give you more flexibility. Just note that all gigs are first come, first served and can pay less than a penny per word. Work At Home Jobs   
_For those unfamiliar with affiliate marketing, it’s simply referral marketing where you earn a commission. Let’s say that you have a website and refer a book on Amazon. When the visitor clicks the affiliate link and buys the book, Amazon will pay you a percentage of the sale. People love affiliate marketing because they can start earning money passively with few startup costs. Work At Home Jobs  _ 
_Scottsdale, Arizona-based Liveops refers to itself as ”The modern call center that isn’t a call center”. This should give you a strong indication of what they do, and how and where it takes place. The company doesn't have call centers in the usual sense, but instead employs over 20,000 independent agents, working remotely. As such, it also describes itself as the world’s largest cloud contact center. Work From Home Jobs  _ 
“There are two strategies that work extremely well for me when working from home,” advises Morgan Ranstrom, a Certified Financial Planner at Trailhead Planners in Minneapolis. “First, when I work from home I still 'get ready.' I shower and I put on business casual attire. This helps me get in the mindset of "I'm going to work". Second, time blocking is a savior when working from home. There are countless ways to distract yourself when you're at home – the laundry, washing the dishes, walking the dog. Don't fall for it.”  Work From Home 
_The service offers English as a second language to children in China, up to age eight. Teachers are English speakers who provide one-on-one courses based on the US Common Core State Standards. And as a teacher, you'll receive ongoing paid training as well as professional development opportunities. You'll be able to work from home, and choose your own schedule. Work From Home  _ 
 Appen is a technology services company based in Australia. However, they have offices in the US and the United Kingdom as well, and provide opportunities in 130 countries around the world. The company works with some of the biggest companies in the world, including eight of the 10 top technology companies. It supports more than 1 million contractors around the world. [Work From Home](https://www.youtube.com/e/I7voRJkBsnM?app=desktop)
 
 
 What makes even more surprising is the variety of positions available remote through the company. In fact, a search of their website using the term “work-at-home” turned up more than 1,000 positions. They include jobs in everything from customer service to clinical care. Nursing is naturally a common position, and one that’s often available on a remote basis. They’re often needed for online or phone consulting, both to provide clinical information and to direct incoming callers to direct care services.  Work At Home Jobs 
 
 Though it’s based in Waltham, Massachusetts, Lionbridge offers positions in 26 countries, and provides the option to either work from home, or at one of their 47 offices around the world. Positions are available for both full- and part-time work. You can also work as a freelancer through the company, depending on the specific service you can provide.  Work From Home 
 Lionbridge is currently hiring corporate associates in technology, finance, marketing and sales, as well as translators and interpreters. One interesting subcategory is testers, raters and curators. These home-based positions are open to college students, as well as home-based workers. Industries serviced including banking and finance, gaming, manufacturing, legal services, and life sciences. Work At Home Jobs   
It’s becoming increasingly important for businesses to have a presence on social media. If you have a knack for using social media platforms such as Facebook, Twitter and Instagram, you could work from home by helping businesses promote their brand and their products through social-media marketing. This job is in the top 20 for postings at ZipRecruiter.  Work From Home Jobs 
 × 
 
 Work From Home Jobs  Contact us at webmaster@workatwca.com |  Sitemap txt  |  Sitemap 
