  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  North West England, England 
 Rate:  £26000 - £36000 per annum 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 Supervising Social Worker 
 My client is a large Independent Fostering Agency covering the whole of the UK. 
 They are currently looking for a homebased Fostering Social Worker to cover caseloads in the Northwest region. 
 You will be allocated caseloads within your area. 
This is a 6 month fixed term contract working directly with my client. 
Salary: £26,000 - £36,000 per annum 
Benefits: 
, Homebased and flexible working (this is a home based role although travel will be involved for visits and meetings when required) 
, A competitive salary. 
, A contributory pension scheme. 
, 26 days holiday (including your birthday day), and Bank holidays. 
, Excellent opportunities for career development in our growing service. 
, Team days out and staff engagement activity days. 
, Access to Perkbox, including exclusive perks, freebies and discounts. 
, Wellbeing of our staff is vital; you will have access to the Employee Assist Programme. 
MAIN PURPOSE OF ROLE: 
 , To recruit, support and develop the skills of our foster carers to ensure that we provide outstanding care and the best possible outcomes for our children and young people in our care. 
, To work in collaboration with all stakeholders and strive to ensure that the children and young people in our care reach their full potential. 
, To provide a comprehensive, flexible and high quality service to carers, children and young people in our care using legal, regulatory and statutory guidance to inform practice decisions and to safeguard and protect against harm. 
 , To understand and contribute to the growth and continued development of the Fostering service. 
 PERSONAL SPECIFICATION 
 , Degree or equivalent social work qualification. 
 , Post graduate experience preferable. 
, Membership of relevant professional body. 
, Proven track record of delivering successful outcomes for children. 
, Excellent knowledge of childcare legislation; specifically, the Regulations and Standards for Fostering. 
, Enthusiasm for developing and improving the groups services to Good/Outstanding Ofsted rating. 
, Successful management of competing priorities. 
, Understanding responsibilities in protecting their own health, safety and wellbeing and that of their colleagues and others. 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Rate:  £26000 - £36000 per annum 
 
 
 Location:  North West England, England 
 
 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 
 Industry:  Other 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 555530 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-11-24 15:57:23 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Staff Nurse 
 Older Persons Project Manager 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 HR Officer 
  Inclusion Officer 
 Planning Officer 
 Support Resettlement Officer 
 Mental health nurse 
 RMN 
 Adult Social Worker 
 Domestic Heating Engineer 
 Support worker 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Healthcare Assistant (HCA) - Preston 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Building Safety Officer 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
