Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Operator - Electronics Test and Assembly 
 GaN Systems Inc. 
 __Kanata, ON 
 Apply Now 
 GaN Systems Inc.- Ottawa, ON, Canada 
 We live in a data and energy driven world increasingly defined by power-reliant industries including data centers, electric vehicles, renewable energy systems, industrial motors, and consumer electronics. These businesses have long faced formidable and universal challenges around energy wasted in power conversion, as well as the size limitations placed on overall product design by the old generation ecosystem of power system components. 
 Yesterday’s silicon has reached its limits. GaN technology is the clear and undisputed solution for today and tomorrow. 
 GaN Systems’ approach to a new generation of GaN power transistors is leading an industry-changing shift in both the short-term and ‘near future’ relationship between technology’s power systems and energy–creating significant product and system-wide changes. 
 Job description 
 This is an exciting career opportunity in the reliability group at GaN Systems for an electronics test and assembly operator, who role it is to perform product testing and assembly of the world’s most advance GaN transistors. This job will allow the individual to grow with the company while expanding their knowledge and learning new hands-on skills. 
 Responsibilities 
 · As a critical member of the reliability team, the successful candidate will test GaN transistors to check and validate product functionality and conformance to specifications. 
 · Sign off on job traveler to validate completed operational step 
 · Ensure traceability of baked components using labels 
 · Pick devices to and from tape and trays, as well as, pack finished products for shipment 
 · Clean parts, sockets and PCBs thoroughly 
 · Find and correct defects 
 · Solder/de-solder components, such as resistors, transistors, capacitors, integrated circuits, and sockets. 
 · Assemble electrical or electronic systems or support structures and install components, units, subassemblies, wiring, or assembly casings, using rivets, bolts, or soldering 
 · Document and keep good record of observations, findings, procedures and work instructions 
 Qualifications 
 · Two or more years industry related assembly experience in a manufacturing environment 
 · High School diploma, or equivalent from an accredited institution is preferred 
 · Able to solder and select appropriate procedures, techniques, tools, and equipment 
 · Ability to read and write English 
 · Ability to complete assigned work requests and manage multiple deadlines 
 · Ability to work well in cross functional teams in a fast-paced collaborative team environment 
 Job type:  Full-time 
 Experience level:  Intermediate level 
 Location:  GaN Systems Inc. – Ottawa 
 Reference ID: Operator - Electronics Test and Assembly 
 Job Types: Full-time, Contract, Permanent 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
