Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Public Health Technologist - COVID 19 Response 
 PHSA 
 __Vancouver, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Interested to support with the COVID-19 response by being an elemental team member of the public health laboratory? Join Lower Mainland Laboratories (LM Labs) as a Public Health Technologist, where you will handle and test COVID-19 samples. The technologist will be performing COVID-19 molecular testing, requiring unique skills that focuses on understanding the performance of RT-PCR assays. 
 These roles are available as both temporary full-time and temporary part-time and will be instrumental in supporting COVID-19 testing work across the province. 
 Join this essential coordinated health care function to play a role in gathering critical diagnostic information! 
 What you’ll do 
 Participates in day-to-day bench work activities by testing clinical and other specimens using nucleic acid technique, and evaluating and verifying results according to established procedures. 
Prepares stock solutions and reagents following standard operating procedures. 
Performs semi-automated and/or or automated nucleic acid extraction and detection by real time PCR. 
Responds to requests and inquiries for all referred in tests. Seeks direction as required from the Technical Coordinator(s), Team Lead, Site Supervisor Laboratory Operations Manager, or Program Head/Medical Director as appropriate on customer service issues. 
Performs all related functions required for the production of final reports such as preparing, testing and assessing quality control results prior to release of clinical results through the laboratory information system (LIS), troubleshoots specimen adequacy and prepares dilutions as required according to established procedures. 
Participates in quality assurance programs for the Analytical Section through methods such as gathering data on turnaround times (TAT) for test procedures, and monitoring performance and quality indicators. Reports occurrences according to standard operating procedures. 
Provides input in the development and maintenance of standard operating procedures (SOPs) for the Analytical Section and making recommendations for changes. 
Assists with information management, such as workload statistics, through methods such as gathering information, completing analysis and recording information. 
Demonstrates routine laboratory procedures to students and technologists. 
Performs other related duties as assigned. 
Maintains and documents maintenance of laboratory equipment. Recognizes and reports malfunctions in equipment. 
 What you bring 
 Bachelor of Science in Microbiology or related biological science relevant to the assigned section, OR Diploma in Medical Laboratory Technology and certification with the Canadian Society for Medical Laboratory Science (CSMLS). 
One (1) year of recent, related experience including experience in a research based laboratory or an equivalent combination of education, training and recent related experience. 
 You have the ability to: 
Demonstrate interpersonal skills including the ability to communicate effectively, both verbally and in writing in a team environment. 
Demonstrate attention to detail and organizational skills. 
Demonstrate ability to be self-motivated, manage time, and work independently. 
Demonstrate ability to operate related equipment and use related software. 
Demonstrate physical ability to perform the job. 
 Every PHSA employee enables the best possible patient care for our patients and their families. Whether you are providing direct care, conducting research, or making it possible for others to do their work, you impact the lives of British Columbians today and in the future. That’s why we’re focused on your care too – offering health, wellness, development programs to support you – at work and at home. 
 Job Type:  Temporary project work – 6 month term, with the possibility of extension according to operational requirements. 
 Wage:  $31.44/hr - $39.22/hr 
 Start Date:  ASAP 
 End Date:  March 31, 2021 
 Hours of Work:  Variety of shifts available, including days, nights and evenings. Shifts are subject to change in response to operational requirements. 
 Location:  LM Labs at BCCDC, with potential for additional locations as needed. 
 What we do 
 Lower Mainland Laboratories (LM Labs) lmlabs.phsa.ca, a service of the Provincial Health Services Authority (PHSA), provides laboratory testing at 31 sites across the lower mainland and central coast of B.C., including acute care hospital laboratories and specialty laboratories. 
 PHSA plans, coordinates and evaluates specialized health services with the BC health authorities to provide equitable and cost-effective health care for people throughout the province. Our values reflect our commitment to excellence and include: Respect people – Be compassionate – Dare to innovate – Cultivate partnerships – Serve with purpose. Learn more about PHSA and our programs: jobs.phsa.ca/programs-and-services 
 PHSA is committed to employment equity and hires on the basis of merit, encouraging all qualified individuals to apply. We recognize that our ability to provide the best care for our diverse patient populations relies on a rich diversity of skills, knowledge, backgrounds and experiences, and value a safe, inclusive and welcoming environment. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
