Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Product Line Representative - Canola 
 Nutrien Ag Solutions 
 __High River, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description 
 Product Line Representative, Canola – Nutrien Ag Solutions (High River, AB, CAN) 
 At Nutrien, our Purpose is to grow our world from the ground up and we do so with safety and integrity as our core values. Nothing is more important than sending our people home safe, every day. 
 Nutrien Ag Solutions is the retail division of Nutrien™, the largest crop inputs company in the world. As part of our collective mission of Feeding the Future, Nutrien Ag Solutions provides full-acre solutions through our trusted crop consultants at more than 2,000 locations in North America, South America, Europe and Australia. For more than 150 years, we have been helping growers achieve the highest yields with a wide selection of products, including our proprietary brands: Loveland Products, Inc.; Proven®Seed and Dyna-Gro®Seed; as well as financial, custom application and precision ag services. 
 We harvest the best. Diverse views and experience make us strong. We look for people who have a safety-first mindset, who are collaborative team players, who deliver on their commitments, who are innovators in search of a better way, and who believe in inclusion. 
 Working at Nutrien Ag Solutions will provide you an opportunity to help us Feed the Future, and grow your career. 
 The position is accountable for developing, implementing and managing profitable and competitive Sales and Procurement strategies and programs within domestic markets for an assigned product(s). Under the direction of the Product Manager, the position will be responsible for ensuring that the product is effectively managed. 
 What you will do: 
Specified volume of seed sales at profit margins within sales budget through branch/retail locations within assigned territory. 
Implementation of Seed Production Contract terms and Sales Program development. 
Manages all aspects of production contract administration to ensure that contract quality terms are adhered to and purchases remain current. 
Uses professional judgment to evaluate and ensure seed products being sold to customers are within quality specifications. 
Manages commodity inventory price risk including industry purchases to ensure optimal profitability by managing carrying costs. 
Maintains ongoing communications with Country staff to ensure an understanding and awareness of product requirements and takes action accordingly. 
Maintains ongoing communications with Marketing Managers and Branch Managers to ensure optimal use of company facilities, an understanding and awareness of commodity requirements, and build relationships. 
Provides guidance on pricing premiums and discounts for assigned products(s) within provided guidelines. 
Manages logistics, allocations, and purchase orders for assigned products and territories. 
Develops relationships through a predetermined set of criteria with Seed Growers within assigned territory. 
Develop and manage the growth of relationships with product suppliers, stakeholders and/or genetic suppliers to achieve the financial goals of the Department/Organization. 
Lead the implementation of Sales and/or Production Plans as assigned. 
Develop and manage required key activities in relation to strategic Departmental Projects. Present results to relevant stakeholders. Facilitate project implementation. 
Maintains an up-to-date knowledge of market trends and competitor activities; develops recommended plans of action in relation to market activities and advises Direct Supervisor as appropriate. 
Assists Direct Supervisor in the development of the Seed Sales Forecast and Production Plan. 
Communicates sales strategies, pricing and programs to country staff and solicits feedback for future planning. Provides Professional customer representation for Nutrien Ag Solutions at customer events. 
Monitors and analyzes the product position statement, recommends action plan to Direct Supervisor. 
Reviews and analyzes progress towards the achievement of business plans and key business indicators (KBI's), initiates actions as required. 
Proficient use of designated accounting and seed management software, and credit systems, processes and procedures. 
Develops and provides training to staff regarding marketing and pricing of products. 
Prepares and submits regular and extemporized reports regarding product achievements, opportunities and issues. 
Participates in the investigation and evaluation of product complaints including cost analysis; recommends actions to Direct Supervisor. 
Responsible for, understands and adheres to all Safety Policies, Procedures and Precautions. 
Performs other related duties as required. 
Demonstrated ability to assess risk and exercise sound judgment in making decisions 
Demonstrated negotiation and interpersonal skills 
Detail oriented 
Computer competent, with demonstrated ability in the use of spreadsheet, database and word processing software applications within a Windows based operating environment 
 What you will bring: 
University degree in Agriculture, Business Administration or Commerce 
A minimum of 3 years’ experience in agribusiness, agronomy experience and seed business 
Equivalent combinations of education and experience will be considered 
Ability to develop and maintain effective working relationships with internal and external contacts 
Ability to manage effectively within a team-based work environment will realize success 
Ability to assess risk and exercise sound judgment in decision making 
While we appreciate all applications we receive, we advise that only candidates under consideration will be contacted. 
 Are you a good match? Apply today! 
 Nutrien Ag Solutions is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to creating an inclusive workplace. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics 
 This job will remain posted until filled. In accordance with Nutrien policies, you will be required to undergo a background check, and may be required to undergo a substance test. While we appreciate all applications we receive, only candidates under consideration will be contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
