Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Arena Positions 2020 
 The Town of Caledon 
 __Caledon, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Description 
 Do you love working with people, have excellent customer service skills, an outgoing personality and a passion for recreation? We want to meet you! 
 The Opportunity: 
Our Recreation Team has various Arena positions available within our facilities: 
 Learn to Skate Instructors 
Public Skate Guards 
Snack Bar Attendant 
 Our Learn to Skate Instructors: 
Prepare and implement program content based on program objectives outlined by the Town 
Prepare course facilities, teaching material and equipment. Prepare program outlines, lesson plans and material for participants as required 
Provide program instruction/leadership at the appropriate skill level of participants. 
 Candidates for these positions will have the following training and skills: 
 2 years' experience in hockey, figure skating, power skating etc. or a demonstrated ability to skate at an advanced level 
 Our Public Skate Guards: 
Supervise program participants and ensure their safety 
 Candidates for these positions will have the following training and skills: 
 2 years' experience in hockey, figure skating, power skating etc. or a demonstrated ability to skate at an advanced level 
 Our Snack Bar Attendants: 
Maintain cleanliness of equipment and area 
Keep items well-stocked and displayed in an appealing and organized manner 
Assist with inventory checks and controls 
Work in compliance with Cash Handling procedures. Accept payment for concession sales; count float at start of shift and balance cash at end of day. Prepare deposits per shift as required 
 Additional duties for all positions listed above: 
Perform administrative tasks (i.e. attendance, preparation, Injury and Incident Reports etc.) 
Attend team meetings and training sessions 
Assist in providing a clean, healthy, safe environment for the program and ensure equipment is stored as required 
Immediately report incidents to the Recreation Coordinator or designate 
Additional training and skills required for all positions listed above: 
Current Standard First Aid with CPR- C 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
Organizational skills with attention to detail and ability to meet deadlines 
Ability to work independently and as part of a team 
 Satisfactory passing of a vulnerable sector check, and proof of qualifications will be required of any successful candidate(s) for these positions. 
 The Town is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to an inclusive and barrier-free workplace. If your application requires accommodation, please contact Human Resources at (905) 584-2272 Ext. 4738. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
