Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Director, Digital Merchandising and Vendor Partnerships 
 Loblaw Digital 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 At Loblaw Digital, we know that our customers expect the best from us. Whether that means building the best, most innovative online shopping experience, or designing an app that will impact the lives of people across the country, we’re up for the challenge. From our office in Downtown Toronto, we’ve created leading eCommerce experiences in the online grocery shopping, beauty, pharmacy, and apparel spaces, and we’re only just getting started. 
 The impact you’ll make 
As the Director of Digital Merchandising – Online Grocery, reporting to the Head of Digital Shopping Experience, you will be responsible for the ongoing operations and growth of our front of store grocery, H&E and apparel digital businesses on PC Express. You will have P&L responsibility and be accountable for leading multiple functional areas to ensure alignment and execution of the strategic vision and goals. You will be tasked with identifying improvement opportunities which could range from enhancing the onsite customer experience to drive more repeat revenue, building relationships across the enterprise for enhanced integration to identifying strategic priorities for increased profitability and reduced costs. You must be a leader who can inspire and organize a team of talented and ambitious people with diverse backgrounds and functional expertise. 
What you'll do 
 Ongoing business operations:  deliver an engaging front of store experience while optimizing sales, margin and contribution. Will require close collaboration with retail teams (brand marketing, category) as well as multiple LD functions (product managers, technology, business support and operations) 
 Planning & Forecasting:  provide annual, periodic, weekly and daily business forecasts 
Ecommerce Promotional Strategy & co-ordination with retail team 
Lead cross-functional projects and processes to achieve overall targets and KPIs 
Drive cross-functional weekly and period business meetings 
 Business development:  lead cross-functional teams to launch new digital businesses. Drive all new programs, business case development, financial modelling, and implementation (some programs will require project management and close work with Product and Technology teams.) 
Leadership and development of the merchandising and vendor partnerships team 
 Maximize key metrics including:  AOV, trading margin, conversion, engagement and supplier investment 
Site merchandising strategy 
Optimize product finding methods and tools 
Assortment (algorithm, onboarding, enrichment) 
Analytics and Post mortems 
Support the Head of Digital Shopping Experience in building overall strategic and financial plans 
This role will require physical presence at 1 PCC at least 1-2 days a week, however for the foreseeable future, the role will be a remote position 
Does this Sound like you? 
Completion of a Bachelor’s degree (BA, BCom) or similar is required 
Completion of post-graduation degrees or certificates will be considered an asset 
10+ years experience in E-Commerce merchandising, product management or retail buying 
5+ years experience leading and building a team 
Experience building strategic plans and presenting his/her ideas to senior leaders across an organisation, driving execution of project to completion 
Track record of success building and scaling digital businesses and teams 
Strong understanding of retail metrics, merchandise and financial planning 
Experience using analytical tools to measure performance, determine improvements and to support project requests from partner teams 
Excellent communication skills with demonstrable and proven results with key decision makers including senior management and key vendor personnel is required 
Ability to deal with ambiguity, self-organize and be proactive to complete multiple tasks on time with a clear focus on quantitative results is required 
Experience in beauty, convenience or apparel will be considered an asset 
How you’ll succeed 
At Loblaw Digital, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. We’re able to keep innovating because our colleagues are passionate about their work and excited about the future of eCommerce. You will get to work with some of the best digital minds and will have the support of world class technologies to craft products our customers will love! 
 Loblaw Digital recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
