Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Scale House Operator 
 Learnship Networks GmbH 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 ARE YOU CUT OUT FOR AIM RECYCLING? 
 Founded in 1936 in Montreal, Canada, AIM is a private company with multiple sites located in Canada, the United States, Mexico, Europe and Asia. Recognized as a world leader in metal recycling and solder manufacturing for a broad range of industries, we focus on creating high-quality products, setting AIM apart. Our continually expanding company offers many exciting career opportunities, a stimulating work environment, competitive salaries and an excellent employee benefits program. 
 Job Description 
 American Iron & Metal is a growth-oriented metal recycling and processing company located in Hamilton, Ontario. We are currently recruiting for a Scale House Operator with experience for our London location. 
 The Scale House Operator is responsible for the balance of the goods weighed trucks entering or leaving the company. 
 Responsibilities: 
Greet Drivers 
Retract the information of the truck weighed in the computer system 
Be sure to take pictures of the container and get all the information of customers in the system 
Replace the ticket weighed driver 
Communicate with the Department of receipt of the goods 
Weigh the internal contact at AIM and production trucks 
Communicate with Customers as needed 
Performs other duties as requested by the immediate supervisor 
Qualifications 
Previous Scale House experience an asset 
Computer Literate able to use program software MS Office 
Good knowledge of the device under its responsibility 
Good knowledge of the importance of his work in the organization 
Organized, responsible, independent, resourceful, and dynamic 
Ability to work in a team 
Observe the health and safety regulations set by the employer 
Additional Information 
 Permanemt fulltime position 
Overtime paid after 44 hours 
RRSP and Benefits 
 If you feel that you are qualified for this ad please reply to this ad with a copy of your resume. 
 Come and join one of North America’s most sophisticated metal recyclers ! 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
