Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Instructors 
 NPower Canada 
 __Halifax, NS 
 Apply Now 
 Instructor Position Summary 
 We’re seeking a highly-motivated, energetic and articulate Instructor to join our high-performing team in Halifax. The Instructor partners with our participants in thoughtful and creative ways that guide and motivate them to reach their full potential. Through quality conversation and meaningful exploration, the Instructor will build and maintain relationships with participants, with a focus on goal setting, overcoming obstacles and achieving success, while adhering to established NPower Canada Program guidelines. 
 The overall objective of this role is not only to deliver and manage technology instruction but to inspire and coach young minds to be future leaders of the digital economy. The Instructor works closely with a Co-Instructor and performs in an interdisciplinary program delivery team, including a Program Coordinator, Career Coordinator and Program Manager to ensure that the program is being delivered and measured effectively. The Instructor will be responsible for delivering and facilitating an innovative technology curriculum that caters to different learning styles and a diverse range of learning needs. 
 Participant Coaching and Support 
 The instructor will: 
Demonstrate the use of research-based instructional strategies and share resources to improve student achievement. 
Demonstrate knowledge of current research, best instructional practices, and technology integration across content. 
Cultivate strong relationships with students to build trust and act as their personal coach throughout their program of study. 
Evaluate students’ abilities, interests, and personality characteristics to provide regular coaching and support activities. 
Maintain high levels of student satisfaction as measured by student retention, student satisfaction surveys, student graduation rates, and graduation surveys. 
Provide guidance, coaching, ongoing academic intervention, and in some cases individual tutoring support. 
Implement appropriate interventions to address behavioural issues or learning difficulties that encourage motivation and engagement. 
Provide accurate and timely feedback to the participants related to their learning objectives. 
 Teaching 
 The instructor is responsible for: 
Planning, preparing, and delivering technical workshops to prepare groups of 50-55 participants per session for Junior IT Analyst roles. 
Teaching participants according to their educational needs and abilities. 
Delivering lesson plans and instructional materials that facilitate active learning and highlight the goals, objectives, and labs outlined by NPower Canada curriculum 
Teaching or facilitating modules related to but not limited to: 
Google IT Support Professional lessons 
Project Management Fundamentals 
Information Technology Service Management (ITSM) 
Software Development Fundamentals 
Training, preparing and working to maintain a minimum 80 percent pass rate for Google IT Support Professional program 
Keeping updated with developments in subject area, teaching resources and methods and make relevant changes to instructional plans and activities 
Maintaining accurate and complete records of participants' progress and development 
Ensuring high standards of professional practice and quality of teaching and learning of the subject matter. 
 Classroom Management 
 The instructor will: 
Maintain a safe, professional, and respectful classroom environment simulating the professional workplace environment 
Work as part of a team to maintain at least an 80 percent participant retention rate 
Increase critical thinking, analysis, and problem-solving skills of participants 
Work as part of a team to motivate participants to actively participate and engage in learning 
Impart real-world scenarios that are outside of “core” course of study whenever possible (example: handling server down-time with users, working with challenging customers, etc.) 
 What you bring to the team: 
At least 2 to 3 years of experience in a teaching/facilitation role, with preference given to those who are comfortable delivering training in both online and in-person classroom environments 
At least 2 to 3 years of experience developing and delivering engaging lesson plans and workshops 
Certification in the Google IT Support Program or CompTIA A+ program is ideal 
 Apply with a resume and cover letter. 
 Job Types:  Full-time, Permanent 
 Salary:  Commensurate with experience (range between $50,000 - $60,000 per year) 
 Powered by JazzHR 
 ixXOn9Ugct 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
