Skip to content 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Start here 
 Archive 
 E-book 
 About me 
 Contact me 
 Books 
 Mailing list 
 
 Full-time job, conversation ring and cinema 
 Posted on  April 13, 2016November 29, 2019  by  Emil 
 Interviews and a full-time job 
 Before I finally find a full-time job there were several interviews. Like I already wrote in a  previous blog post  I had last week almost every day the job interview. On Monday it was a call from  Bond  to email marketing position, on Tuesday dishwashing for  Doomies vegan restaurant , on Wednesday dishwashing for  Kumpert and Kim  also a vegan restaurant and finally on Thursday kitchen help for an  aroma espresso bar . 
 The feelings were not bad after every interview I had, I was prepared, always is good to read a little bit about the company you want to be hired, I was finally neat :), black trousers, black sweater, so there was no problem I think:). 
 But the response came just from the Aroma espresso, Actually, I am glad, because that was my favorite one. (I was actually sure that will get this position, so I canceled another interview to a different branch of an aroma espresso bar, but they called after 4 days, so I was little insecure, have to admit :)) ) 
 Problem with the previous interviews could be, that I was super confident 🙂 (be confident is good) but I may be swept it a little. It was just dishwashing position and I am already dishwashing in  Ovest , so I said on both interviews, that I don't want just dishwashing, but maybe doing also food preparation and so, also I wasn't sure about my availability. As I had interviewed every day, I didn't clarify which day I can work where, so I wasn't sure which days can promise. That was a big mistake I think. Also in an interview with Kumpert and Kim, when the interviewer asked me about my availability I said something like "If I will like it here, I can work here full-time" :)). Better to choose more cautious words. 
 
 Working tip 3 : Learnt something about company you want to be hired and check your availability before the interview, dont say setencess like "If I will like it here, I can work here full-time" :)), be caution what you say 🙂 
 
 The aroma is a coffee bar, something like Starbucks, but nicer!:) I will be helping in the kitchen but there is possible also be trained for barista or cashier. So I hope I can do it later. It should be useful in the future :). I am now in training week in Aroma so will see, if they actually hire me. Wish me luck. 
 English conversation circle 
 
 On Wednesday I visited the  Toronto public library in Parkdale , where took place English conversation circle. It is just a bunch of people (mostly the immigrants or foreigners), which just speak about everything to practice English. It is really good and I definitely want to go there every week. I am looking for more of these opportunities to meet new people because as I am here alone it's always good to speak with somebody :). 
 Royal cinema - videofreex 
 I was bored so on Friday a went to a cinema. I choose not a big cineplex, but small local  Royal cinema  in College street. They screened  Here come the Videofreex . A documentary about a group called Videofreex, which began to record in the late sixties, when the first portable video camera from Sony was released. It was really good and definitely recommend!:) 
 
 
 
 
 
 Other staff. 
 Still going to Thai box, a free week is gone so have to buy a monthly membership, it cost 120 CAD, but I have to do something here, otherwise, it will be super boring :). And next weekend of dishwashing in OVEST is behind me, the people are there really great, I want to stay there although I got the job in Aroma. 🙂 
 Next week passed quickly. I found full-time job whoooo, 🙂 (I hope will see in next blog post if they hire me or not :)), watched a movie, still go to thaibox and more… I think that slowly but surely settle down here in Toronto. Finally :)). 
 Keep tuned and read to me next week!:) 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Article Previous Article: First interviews, first part-time and Thai box 
 Next Article Next Article: Working is hard 
 Posted in  Enjoy ,  Work 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Comment 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 Search 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 First days of 2021  January 12, 2021 
 How was my life in 2020 and plans for the next year  January 5, 2021 
 December 2020 stats and overview  January 1, 2021 
 Top 4 books I have read in 2020  December 30, 2020 
 Christmas time  December 25, 2020 
 
 Categories 
 
 Enjoy  (70) 
 Life  (175) 
 Travel  (36) 
 Work  (79) 
 
 Work travel and enjoy 
 
 About me 
 Contact me 
 Mailing list 
 Archive 
 Books 
 FeeMate 
 Apps 
 Sitemap 
 Tech info 
 E-Book 
 Start here 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 Worktravelenjoy.com. All rights reserved. 
