  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
  Accounting jobs  
 
 Evaluating bids 
 Statutory and Tax Accountant (freelance job) 
 Published on the January 07, 2021 in Finance & Management 
 
 Project 
 Project Insights New 
 
 About this project 
 finance-management / accounting-1 
 USD 250 - 500 
 About the company 
 IWG has been at the forefront of the flexible workspace revolution for more than 30 years. We have made it possible for organisations and individuals everywhere to take a new approach to the traditional working day. We have over 3,400 locations across over 110 countries allowing millions of people every day to have a great day at work. 
 Our customers are start-ups, small and medium-sized enterprises, and large multinationals. With unique business goals, people and aspirations. They want workspaces and communities to match their needs. 
We provide them with choice through our portfolio of brands, covering serviced offices (Regus, Spaces, HQ, Signature and No18), commercial real estate brokerage and managed office solutions. 
Join us at  www.iwgplc.com 
 Job Purpose 
 The purpose of this job is to complete all Country Statutory Accounts and complete all corporate income tax filing, ensuring filing is timely, accurate, complete and compliant with the relevant requirements. 
This person will also assist with local tax audits as required and act as our tax filing subject matter expert, working within internal business reporting and external statutory timeframes. Close collaboration with other teams involved in data extraction and filing preparation (i.e. The global and local shared service centres). 
 Key Responsibilities 
 •    Maintain documentation of local statutory requirements (deadlines, requirements, adjustments etc) up to date. 
•    Review and/or prepare data required for the completion of all tax and statutory filings. 
•    Manage and keep the tax calendar and documentation of local tax requirements (deadlines, requirements, adjustments etc) up to date. 
 •    Proactively file all requirements locally with the authorities and answer queries. 
•    Manage local audits. 
•    Act as the local expert, communicating with authorities or auditors as needed. 
•    Build proactive working relationships with the shared service centres. 
 •    Assist with company secretarial activities, specific to the country. 
•    Undertake a range of other ad-hoc activities as the local country finance representative (i.e. One-off admin tasks required onsite). 
 •    Manage and keep the corporate calendar up to date (deadlines, requirements, adjustments etc). 
•    Manage company secretarial activities, specific to the country. 
•    Undertake a range of other ad-hoc activities as the local country finance representative (i.e. 
One-off admin tasks required onsite or with local language dependencies). 
•    Review and/or prepare and/or file data required for the completion of all statutory filings. 
•    Management of national and cross border transfer pricing and service agreements. 
 Required Skills, Experience & Qualifications 
 •    Accounting qualification. 
•    10 years + experience, including recent experience in a similar level role. 
•    Technically strong, with a working knowledge of local GAAP. 
 •    Proven ability to meet statutory compliance obligations. 
•    Extensive experience of producing Statutory Accounts and Annual Reports and documents relating to company secretarial requirements. 
•    Flexible approach, adaptable to change. 
 •    Excellent communication skills – previous experience of working remotely an advantage. 
•    Self-motivated. 
•    Native language and fluent in English. 
 Category  Finance & Management 
Subcategory  Accounting 
What do you need?  For a freelancer, idea or early startup 
Is this a project or a position?  Project 
Required availability  As needed 
 Deadline: Not specified 
 Skills needed 
 Microsoft Excel   Accounting   Financial Analysis 
 Want to start working on this project? 
 Log into  your Workana account or  Register  today. Boost your freelance work! 
 Are you looking for a freelancer to do a similar project? 
 Create your project and get bids from the best freelancers. 
 Publish your own project   Send your proposal now 
   
  B. P.  
 1 
 Published projects 
 0 
 Projects paid 
 Member since: January 2021 
 Project activity 
 3 
 Bids 
 7 
 Interested freelancers 
  __Previous project  
  __Next project  
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
