Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Bilingual Rail and Transit Lead, Canada 
 Stantec 
 __Longueuil, QC 
 Apply Now 
 We create the connections that get people and goods moving—whether by car, bus, train, plane, or their own two feet. Working within the context of the communities we serve, we provide planning, engineering, and infrastructure management services that fit the needs of our clients and improve the overall transportation experience. Join our team and help us keep communities connected. 
 Your Opportunity 
 The candidate will serve as the leader of the Canada Transit & Rail group within Stantec. The candidate is a recognized leader in the transit and rail space locally and will possess knowledge and communication skills to help build the Transit & Rail practice globally with a focus on Canada. The candidate will also be considered as an authority with respect to Transit and Rail projects and will overcome the challenges related to winning and executing Transit and Rail projects. The candidate's overall understanding of the Transit & Rail business and the need for having a strong Transit and Rail group is important as the role is a key component of Stantec’s Transportation Business Line. 
 Your Key Responsibilities 
 Reporting to the BL, the incumbent will be responsible for doing the following: 
 A. POTENTIAL PROJECT RESPONSIBILITIES (50% Time Commitment) 
 The candidate will be a minimum of 50% billable on projects after the first year of employment. The candidate will, as required, serve as the technical advisor or project manager or lead engineer and help manage the production of technical documents to meet the needs of multiple projects with: 
Metropolitan Transportation Authority (MTA) 
Metrolinx 
Canadien National 
Via Rail 
 B. BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT RESPONSIBILITIES (25% Time Commitment) 
 A major responsibility of this role is assisting in the identifying, winning and hands-on involvement through managing/providing senior leadership for Transit and Rail projects across Canada and collaborating with your counterpart in the United States. Recognizing the status of the Stantec Transit and Rail group, time commitments are considered only in terms of broad ranges and subject to revision as the Transit and Rail group evolves. 
 General Transit and Rail Group Promotion (10% Time Commitment) 
 Responsibilities will be undertaken in collaboration with the local leadership and others in the Transportation Practice area and include: Develop global and local marketing capability - functional link with the strategy business development and Marketing team. 
 Establish alliances (in collaboration with the local leadership) with strategic partners (specific to targeted projects). 
Increase client engagement and client service levels. 
Enforce regional business development efforts. 
Increase Stantec’s industry profile through regular interaction with potential clients and other consultants as well as participation in industry organizations, such as AREMA, APTA and other relevant regional organizations. 
Identify and track potential projects and teaming opportunities including design/build and P3 opportunities through client liaison. 
Project Specific Business Development (15% Time Commitment) 
Development of project teams to be led by Stantec. 
Secure position on other project teams to provide Transit & Rail consulting support. 
Proposal writing. 
Manage the proposal preparation process including fee and schedule negotiations. 
Seek opportunities to deliver Transit and Rail services as part of the larger Transportation practice. 
 C. TRANSIT AND RAIL TEAM MANAGEMENT RESPONSIBILITIES (15% Time Commitment) 
 Develop sustainable Regional Business (Mass Transit, Rail, Freight, Short Lines, and Industrial Rail Operators) increase local participation within Major Projects Opportunities. 
Develop a Full understanding by all managers of region capabilities as well as identify missing resources and capabilities. 
Develop complete technical capability and operational excellence. 
Create synergy between regions and improve global knowledge sharing. 
General oversight and assistance to other project managers within the Transit and Rail group with particular attention to schedule and budget issues for any problematic projects. 
Lead efforts to continue improvements in QA/QC processes and fostering a culture of being cost effective and thorough in delivering projects. 
Manage staff in the Transit and Rail group on a day to day basis and provide input into the employee Career Development and Performance Review, Compensation and Bonus processes for them. 
As part of management responsibilities, physical presence will be required in the offices approximately 50% of the time. 
 D. STRATEGIC RESPONSIBILITIES (10% Time Commitment) 
 Within Stantec’s overall transportation practice areas, strategic level responsibilities include: 
 Elaborate a Rail/Mass Transit sector mapping - Establish a strong Rail/Mass Transit Practice throughout the implementation of generic capability organization structure, recruitment, and development of product lines in Canada, from support of other regions and internationally. 
Provide input to the multiple transportation Regional Business Leaders (RBL’s) in identifying and following through on key hires, acquisitions, major project and cross-regional pursuits including possible national client accounts. 
Lead the development of the annual business plan for the Canada Transit and Rail group. 
Identify and develop existing and future leadership candidates and career development opportunities for staff within the Transit and Rail group. 
Encourage cooperation, sharing of skills and workload between Transit & Rail staff located in various Transportation Business Line Business Centers (BC’s) across the company and in other practice areas, where considered appropriate. 
Increase Stantec’s presence in the Canada transportation consulting market. 
 Your Capabilities and Credentials 
 Bachelor's degree or equivalent in Planning, Engineering, Environmental or related field. Prefer Certifications. 
Minimum of 20 years of experience. 
Experienced and active in the marketplace and bringing in new work. 
Fluently bilingual, oral and written. 
Highly effective in assembling and leading teams on complex projects. 
Highly effective in building and maintaining client relationships. 
Ability to solve complex problems using sound professional judgment, creativity, and innovation. 
Experience managing multiple transportation projects. 
Seasoned leader able to motivate the team to achieve goals. 
Expert level knowledge of the Department of Transportation’s legal requirements, and design/planning procedures in relevant jurisdictions. 
Superior technical writing skills; capable of creating reports, letters and specifications as well as expert meeting facilitation and conference speaker. 
Expert knowledge and experience using GIS. 
Proficient in Microsoft (MS) Office Suite. 
 Typical office environment working with computers. Some travel may be required, such as delivering plans or documents to reviewing agencies or clients or to attend meetings. May occasionally visit study areas, construction sites and/or be exposed to outside elements and inclement weather conditions. 
 This description is not a comprehensive listing of activities, duties or responsibilities that may be required of the employee and other duties, responsibilities and activities may be assigned or may be changed at any time with or without notice. Stantec is a place where the best and brightest come to build on each other’s talents, do exciting work, and make an impact on the world around us. Join us and redefine your personal best. 
 Job:  Civil Engineer 
 Primary Location:  Canada-Quebec-Montréal 
 Other Locations:  Canada-New Brunswick, Canada-Quebec-Longueuil, Canada-Ontario, Canada-Alberta, Canada-Nova Scotia, Canada-British Columbia, Canada-Quebec-Chicoutimi, Canada-Quebec, Canada-Quebec-Laval, Canada, Canada-Nunavut, Canada-Quebec-Amos, Canada-Prince Edward Island 
 Employee Status:  Regular 
 Job Level:  Individual Contributor 
 Travel:  Yes, 25 % of the Time 
 Schedule:  Full-time 
 Req ID:  200001ZD 
 Stantec provides equal employment opportunities to all qualified employees and applicants for future and current employment and prohibit discrimination on the grounds of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, marital status, genetic information, disability, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or gender expression. We prohibit discrimination in decisions concerning recruitment, hiring, referral, promotion, compensation, fringe benefits, job training, terminations or any other condition of employment. Stantec is in compliance with local, state and federal laws and regulations and ensures equitable opportunities in all aspects of employment. EEO including Disability/Protected Veterans 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
