
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Jopwell (S15) 
 Career advancement for Black, Latinx & Native American professionals. 
 Recruiting Manager 
 
 Location 
 New York, NY (Remote through June 2021) / Remote 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 6+ years 
 About Jopwell 
 Jopwell’s mission is to make a substantial, measurable impact on increasing Black, Latinx, and Native American representation in the workforce. Jopwell strives to build inclusive workplaces where our members can bring their authentic selves to work. We do this by assisting companies with their recruitment, marketing, and retention efforts for communities of color. 
 About the role 
 The Role: 
 We are looking for a Client Success Manager to join our fast-growing Client Success Team. In this role, you’ll have the opportunity to support our clients in their recruiting efforts and move the needle on corporate diversity. The ideal candidate has experience in program management and can help support and manage Jopwell’s enterprise professional recruiting efforts. You enjoy engaging with candidates and corporate stakeholders, and working to develop programs that bolster recruitment outcomes and candidate success. 
 During the COVID-19 pandemic, all roles are remote until further notice. 
 Responsibilities: 
 Recruitment Management/Mentorship 
 Coach and mentor a team of tech recruiters and sourcers, providing development opportunities and performance feedback 
 Project Management 
 Think creatively about new ways to implement sourcing strategies and programs, make adjustments so that it can grow and sustain, be fearless in trying new things while having an incredible impact. Work collaboratively with stakeholders across the company including Account Management, Client Success, Marketing & Community, People & Culture, Product, Technology and Leadership) 
 Strategy 
 Provide Subject Matter Expertise and collaborate with Client Success and Account Managers to understand partner needs and design scalable solutions. 
 Identify talent gaps and provide solutions to establish proactive sourcing strategies and pipelining efforts. 
 We’re seeking candidates with the following skills and abilities: 
 Strong perspective on diversity, equity, and inclusion best practices. Operate in a fast-paced, highly-collaborative environment amongst ambiguity. Self-starter able to self-motivate and work independently. Experience running full-cycle recruiting. You enjoy getting your hands dirty in all aspects of the recruiting process, and take pride in connecting people with amazing job opportunities. Experience managing and training recruiters. Apply learnings from previous experiences to new and different challenges. Create sustainable and scalable procedures and processes. Develop tools to track and measure program results. Exceptional communicator both in writing and speaking. Lead meetings and events with confidence. Meet deadlines and manage multiple projects concurrently. 
 We’re seeking candidates with the following experience: 
 7+ years of experience working in full-cycle recruiting 3+ years of people management experience Strong project management, planning, and organizational skills. Broad business acumen. Keen attention to detail and accuracy. 
 Technology 
 
 BS degree in Computer Science (or another technical field of study including Mathematics, Engineering or the Sciences) or equivalent practical/professional experience 
 3-6 years of professional programming experience 
 Demonstrated experience (1-2 years+) and familiarity with Python, Django and Django Rest Framework 
 Familiarity with Postgres, Elasticsearch, Celery, and Redis 
 Demonstrated experience (1-2 years+) and familiarity with JavaScript, understanding of ES6 concepts, - and proficiency in React, Angular, or other modern JS frameworks 
 Demonstrated experience working in a Unix/Linux environment 
 Experience working around distributed/parallel systems 
 Familiarity with unit testing using Jest and Enzyme 
 Familiarity with Next.js, Material Design and Recharts a plus 
 Experience with AWS or another cloud computing provider a plus 
 Strong communication skills (in verbal and written English) 
 
 Other jobs at Jopwell 
 Client Success Specialist, SaaS 
 fulltime 
 New York, NY / Remote 
 1+ years 
 Client Success Lead, Campus Recruitment 
 fulltime 
 New York, NY / Remote 
 6+ years 
 Client Success Manager, Professional Recruitment 
 fulltime 
 New York, NY (Currently Remote) / Remote 
 3+ years 
 Recruiting Manager 
 fulltime 
 New York, NY (Remote through June 2021) / Remote 
 6+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
