Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Tenant Support Worker - Relief 
 Supportive Housing of Waterloo (SHOW) 
 __Waterloo, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Supportive Housing of Waterloo is seeking new Relief Staff members. Shifts are available for on call, days and overnights. Candidates must be able to work overnights. For those new to the field, or looking to get into homelessness supports and social services, joining an agency in a relief capacity is a great way to get your foot in the door and acquire experience. 
 Please see Job Description below and apply in confidence. 
 SHOW is anchored in a housing first philosophy and recognizes that housing is a human right and not a reward for good behaviour. SHOW provides low-barrier housing to individuals who have a history of housing instability. SHOW understands that some tenants may be actively using substances and/or experiencing diagnosed and undiagnosed mental health conditions. We compassionately assist our tenants to maintain their housing. 
 RESPONSIBILITES: 
 1. Provide on-site supports to ensure that tenants are able to maintain housing stability 
2. Accurately and neatly prepare written records in the tenant log and/or incident reports as needed, while ensuring confidentiality of records and client information 
3. Communicate with tenants in a respectful/non-judgemental manner, delivering phone messages, and timely prompts related to tenants’ appointments/community engagements 
4. Perform wellness checks when tenants have not been in contact for 24 hours 
5. Perform basic building cleaning as needed during the course of a shift 
6. Respond to ongoing and immediate building maintenance concerns, and report maintenance issues as needed for agency to follow through with appropriate repairs 
7. Monitor tenant and guest comings and goings, and ensure that building remains secure 
8. Arrive for shift change in a timely fashion, 15 minutes before beginning of shift 
9. Participate in shifts changes with in-coming and out-going staff members, exchanging information related to important events and strategies for supporting tenants over the course of a shift 
10. Assist tenants in accessing food pantry, sometimes with light food preparation, cleaning and tidying 
 QUALIFICATIONS: 
College Diploma or University Degree in a relevant field (or in process of completing) 
 
 Strong interpersonal and communication skills required 
 Ability to assess complex situations and make appropriate decisions independently and as part of a team 
 Knowledge of/or openness to learn about substance use, recovery issues and recommended approaches for supporting various stages of change 
 Current standard first aid/CPR certificate or willingness to obtain at hiring 
 Valid Food Handler certification is considered an asset 
 Trained in non-violent crisis intervention (NVCI) or willingness to obtain at hiring 
 Familiarity with the Residential Tenancies Act 
 Applied Suicide Intervention Skills Training (ASIST), considered an asset 
 
 Rate of pay: $19.00/hour 
 **Supportive Housing of Waterloo requires all employees to obtain a Criminal Background Check, including a Vulnerable Sector Search prior to commencing employment. 
**While we appreciate your interest in SHOW, we will only contact applicants that have been selected for an interview 
 Job Types: Part-time, Casual 
 Salary: $19.00 per hour 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 Day shift 
 Holidays 
 Monday to Friday 
 Night shift 
 On call 
 Weekends 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
