Crimepays 
 Oregon is now a barrio of Mexico & the Mexican Drug Cartel 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Oregon Invaded 
 Sign Petition to Stop Persecution of Emma West :The UK is now a Dictatorship of Diversity.Rhea Page 
 About 
 Africans DO everything 
 American Patrol 
 Anchor Babies 
 Anchor babies take over 
 Deport Carlos & Pedro Reynaud Erazo: 
 Federale 
 Free Emma West 
 Help Arrest & Deport Carlos & Pedro Reynaud Erazo: 
 Illegal aliens Get Welfare 
 In Memory: Kris Eggle: Murdered by the Mexican Drug Cartel 
 Media Censorship Race and Crime 
 page hits 
 Potty Training 
 Stolen ID By Illegals 
 In Memory: Kris Eggle 
 Borderlandbeat 
 
 <- Recall of Hispanic Mexican School Board Member Anna Tavera Forest Grove 
 Diversity Robs Newberg Oregon : Sanctuary State -> 
 Congressman WU -Support H.R. 2164 ! Illegal Aliens Are Stealing American Social Securty Cards And Jobs 
 Posted on  July 8, 2011  by  occupationoforegon 
 Congressman WU -Support H.R. 2164 ! Illegal Aliens Are Stealing American Social Securty Cards And Jobs 
 Representative Wu is a traitor to the American People- his voting record on immigration is D and he comes out in support of illegal aliens in Oregon every chance he gets. He is a green card immigrant from China who requires his staff to speak his dialect of Chinese. vote him out of office 
 Rep. Lamar Smith has introduced legislation that would require all businesses in the United States to use the E-Verify employment verification system. Among its other provisions, would: 
 * ## Phase in E-Verify over three years, starting with the largest companies first.



* ## Require the Social Security Administration (SSA) to target illegal aliens using fake social security numbers by sending out “no match” letters to employers if the name and social security number of a current employee do not match. Requires the employer to check those employees through E-Verify after receiving a “no match” letter.



* ## Require SSA to send a yearly notification to each owner of a social security number that has multiple employers reporting income to that number indicating that the number may have been stolen and is being used by illegal aliens. Requires employers to run through E-Verify those employees who are likely to have stolen the number from the legitimate owner.



* ## Establish a phone verification system as an alternative to using the electronic system.



* ## Require the use of E-Verify for those contracted at day labor sites and other referral or recruitment services.



* ## Protect employers who use the system in good faith from liability if the system makes an error on eligibility.



* ## Protect states’ and localities’ authority to revoke business licenses of employers who fail to use E-Verify as required by this Act.



* ## Significantly increases the penalties for employers who refuse to use the system, or who intentionally try to game it. The fines levied can be up to $25,000 per unauthorized worker and a minimum one-year prison sentence may be imposed on an employer who engages in a “pattern or practice” of violations.



* ## Require SSA to lock the use of social security numbers when it is being used by someone other than the rightful owner, when the owner has violated immigration laws and been ordered to leave the country, or when the owner’s temporary visa has expired.
 
 Please send your U.S. Representative a fax and urge him/her to support H.R. 2164, the Legal Workforce Act. 
 Share this: 
 
 Share 
 
 
 
 Print 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Reddit 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  Fake Green Card Crime  and tagged  Congressman WU -Support H.R. 2164 ! Illegal Aliens Are Stealing American Social Securty Cards And Jobs . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 <- Recall of Hispanic Mexican School Board Member Anna Tavera Forest Grove 
 Diversity Robs Newberg Oregon : Sanctuary State -> 
 2 Responses to  Congressman WU -Support H.R. 2164 ! Illegal Aliens Are Stealing American Social Securty Cards And  Jobs 
 
 Dave Levine says: 
 
  July 21, 2011 at 2:24 am 
 I'm afraid you're on the wrong side of this bill, GCT. If the preemption clause is removed and the 8 to 10 million illegals working for a paycheck's "grandfathering in' clause is removed (both written by the Chamber of Commerce), there will be a flood of support from Conservatives. Otherwise, I'm afraid the grass roots will be joining the likes of the ACLU and Sen. Harry Reid to stop it cold in the Senate. I've been covering the opposition to this bill and it's very, very strong outside of D.C. Taking away state's rights-especially in lieu of Chamber v. Whiting ruling by the SCOTUS-would be "the shaft" to AL, AZ, GA, IN, SC and UT not to mention all the states with E-verify laws on the books. The Feds can't be trusted to enforce Immigration laws. I strongly recommend you watch Kris Kobach's June 22nd speech before Missouri's Eagle Forum on HR 2164. 
 Reply 
 * [greencardtheft](http://greencardtheft.wordpress.com) says:
 
  July 22, 2011 at 9:15 pm 
 there is no grandfather clause to give illegals amnesty in this bill 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 
 map 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Pages 
 
 Oregon Invaded 
 Sign Petition to Stop Persecution of Emma West :The UK is now a Dictatorship of Diversity.Rhea Page 
 About 
 Africans DO everything 
 American Patrol 
 Anchor Babies 
 Anchor babies take over 
 Deport Carlos & Pedro Reynaud Erazo: 
 Federale 
 Free Emma West 
 Help Arrest & Deport Carlos & Pedro Reynaud Erazo: 
 Illegal aliens Get Welfare 
 In Memory: Kris Eggle 
 In Memory: Kris Eggle: Murdered by the Mexican Drug Cartel 
 Media Censorship Race and Crime 
 page hits 
 Potty Training 
 Stolen ID By Illegals 
 Borderlandbeat 
 
 
 
 moon phases 
 
 
 
 moon cycles 
 
 
 
 Stop the Invasion of the United States 
 
 
 anchor babies   anchor babies birthright citizenship   Barack the Magic Negro   blacks riot loot   crime victims of illegal aliens   everify   media cover up of the invasion of illegals   mexi-trash illlegal criminals in oregon   mexican crime   mexican criminals in oregon   mexican Humor   mexican rape in oregon   Mexican Raping Season of American Females in Oregon: March-February: Jose Enrique Arroyo: Tom Potter's Mexican Day Laborer rapes 10 yr girl with finger at OMSI   Mexican Rapists   Mexicans are dangerous in Oregon as drivers   mexicans are robbing in oregon instead of leaving   Mexican Scum in Oregon   mex trash files   Obama   Ron Wyden loves mexican criminals   ron wyden supports mexican criminals and has an F on immigration   Salem Oregon: Capital and Center of Mexican Crime   Sanctuary cities- crime pays for illegals in oregon   sanctuary cities promote crime by illegal aliens   sharpie eyebrows & Portland oregon hispanic female criminal   sharpie eyebrows of mexi-trash females   ugly immigrants   Uncategorized   Woodburn Oregon= Mexico   Wyden and Merkley prefer Illegal aliens 
 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 Diggs Greybles on  Drunk Criminal Speeding Illega… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Diggs Greybles on  Mug Shots: 27 Illegal Mexicans… 
 
 
 
 Diggs Greybles on  Hillsboro Oregon Illegal Mexic… 
 
 
 
 Diggs Greybles on  Luis Arcos-Cardenas Drunk Ille… 
 
 
 
 Diggs Greybles on  Arrested 1995 Fugitive Mexican… 
 
 
 
 Diggs Greybles on  Murder! Juanita Rosales-Garcia… 
 
 
 
 Phillip on  Race Wars America: Three Black… 
 
 
 
 Bill Bratton on  UPdate Head of Black Panthers… 
 
 
 
 whitefaggots on  Hate Crime Conviction against… 
 
 
 
 Diggs Greybles on  Mug Shots: 27 Illegal Mexicans… 
 
 
 
 Janet on  Julio Cesar Marquez Dead Ancho… 
 
 
 
 
 celtcalgal  on  California . Hospitals Spend $… 
 
 
 
 weimar1  on  Emma West in Court Picture _ a… 
 
 
 
 weimar1  on  Emma West in Court Picture _ a… 
 
 
 gemjunior on  Emma West in Court Picture _ a… 
 
 
 
 * July 2011 F 
 S 
 S 
 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 
 
 --- 
 --- 
 --- 
 --- 
 --- 
 --- 
 --- 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 
 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 
 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 
 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 
 
 29 
 30 
 31 
 
 
 
 « Jun   Aug » 
 
 
   Unknown Feed 
 
 An error has occurred; the feed is probably down. Try again later. 
 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Nicholas Stix 
 WordPress.com 
 WordPress.org 
 
 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 151,427 hits 
 
 
 
 
 
 americans second class citizens in USA 
 anchor babies 
 anchor babies and visa overstays 
 and the invasion from mexico 
 border invasion 
 border with Mexico 
 Boycott Goodwill Operation Payback 
 Breaking News 
 California Meltdown Hispanically Speaking 
 call ICE 
 censored 
 censorship 
 chain immigration 
 Community Alliance of Tenants 
 cost of illegal aliens 
 cost of illegal mexicans in oregon 
 cost of the invasion of the US 
 Crime 
 crime pays for mexicans 
 crime victims of illegal aliens 
 criminal trespass 
 deport mexicans 
 Deport Report Carlos Reynaud & Boycott Goodwill Part Two Mexican Book Mafia at Goodwill 
 Deport Ron Wyden 
 End Birthright Citizenship 
 everett goodwill outlet store 
 faced Death Threats from those who support Open borders and Anarchy: Liberals 
 Fake Social Security Numbers 
 hate crimes against whites 
 hispanic crime 
 hispanic crime surge 
 hispanic crime surge in oregon 
 Hispanic family values 
 hispanic surge in oregon 
 Illegal aliens 
 Illegal Aliens are stealing both Social Security Numbers and Jobs from Americans 
 Illegal Carlos and his Learn English Books For Sale 
 immigration 
 immigration costs 
 invasion of the us 
 job theft by foreign nationals 
 Majority of Americans Oppose Birthright citizenship: Birth Tourism: Anchor Babies 
 mexi-trash illlegal criminals in oregon 
 mexican crime in oregon 
 mexican criminal females and sharpie eyebrows 
 mexican criminals 
 Mexican Drug Cartel 
 Mexican Drug cartel takes over United states 
 mexican drug dealers in oregon 
 mexican jokes 
 Mexican Raping Season of American Females in Oregon: March-February: Jose Enrique Arroyo: Tom Potter's Mexican Day Laborer rapes 10 yr girl with finger at OMSI 
 Mexican Scum in Oregon 
 monsters 
 Ms-13 Honduran Book Mafia takes over Goodwill and Amazon.com 
 No amnesty 
 no more anchor babies stop birthright citizenship 
 Numbersusa 
 numbersusa.com and anchor babies and breeders in oregon 
 obama's pathway to citzenship and amnesty for illegal mexicans 
 obama sucks 
 open borders adovcates 
 Oregon is a sanctuary state for criminals 
 population displacement by immigrants 
 Portland Police 
 sanctuary cities 
 senator Ron Wyden loves illegal aliens and mexican criminals named lopez 
 spanish only in usa 
 Stop all immigration for ten years 
 The management of Seattle Goodwill is dishonest 
 ugly immigrants 
 ugly mexicans 
 use everify 
 Warning! Cuidado! Use this form to send Illegal mexicans Home 
 Will Brad Witt be the Traitor David Wu is on Immigration ? 
 www.numbersusa.com 
 
 
 
  Crimepays  
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
