Skip to content    
 
 Mimyk 
 Medical Simulations 
 
 Mimyk 
 The family 
 Mastery 
 The tribe 
 Join the tribe 
 Say hello 
 More 
 
 Join the tribe 
 Available Positions 
 Please drop a note if you are passionate about deep-tech and medical devices. 
 Always happy to talk to prospective team members. 
 We are hiring interns and full-time team members in the following domains 
 
 Computer graphics 
 Mechanical engineering 
 Product design 
 Embedded electronics 
 3D modeling and animation artist 
 Physics Simulation 
 
 What we look for? 
 
 Independent problem-solving skills 
 Passion for making a difference in healthcare 
 Basic domain specific skill-sets 
 
 Open positions 
 Computer Graphics/Game Development 
 We are looking for Professionals/Interns/Students with a passion for 3D graphics and visualization. The ideal candidate must have good skills in Unity3D game development in C#, Shader code (GLSL and/or CG). It is also desirable that the candidate is proficient with OpenGL, and linear algebra concepts in general. Furthermore, skills in 3D modeling software (Blender/ Maya ) will be very useful. 
 3D modeling and animation artist 
 We are looking for Professional/Experienced artists who are proficient at creating 3D assets for games. In particular, 3D modeling skills with Blender or Maya, and texturing skills with Photoshop will be relevant. Additionally, familiarity with Unity3D and its shading system to generate good materials (textures/ normal maps) for the target system will be Plus. 
 
 Happy to connect on -  LinkedIn . 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Contact Info 
 Mimyk, First Floor Entrepreneurship Centre, 
Indian Institute of Science 
Bangalore-560012 
 +91-9482083704, +91-9902335681 
 Connect with us! 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 The family 
 
 
 Mastery 
 
 
 The tribe 
 
 
 Join the tribe 
 
 
 Say hello 
 
 
  Create a website or blog at WordPress.com  
