Skip to content 
  Working, living & Travelling in Ireland  
 Main Menu 
 
 Working in Ireland Menu Toggle
 
 Foreign Language jobs in Ireland 
 Jobs/ job announcements in Ireland 
 Recruitment Agencies Ireland 
 
 
 Living in Ireland Menu Toggle
 
 Accommodation in Ireland 
 Help with feeling down ? 
 
 
 Travel Menu Toggle
 
 Gort Cycle Trails in the Burren Lowlands Menu Toggle
 
 Ardrahan Drumharsna Castle and Old Irish Milestones Looped Cycle Trail 
 Labane to Bingham Mausoleum in Adrahan looped cycle 
 
 
 
 
 About me! 
 Work With Me! Menu Toggle
 
 Small business interviews West of Ireland 
 
 
 Have a question? Contact me ! 
 
 440 Temporary Governmental Jobs - The Central Statistics office is recruiting 
 Leave a Comment  /  Uncategorized  / By    Katleen  
 440 Census Field Supervisors, The CSO is recruiting! 
 Check out  https://beyond2020.cso.ie/recruitment/recruitmenthome.aspx 
 I thought these role are a welcome difference, as they are homebased! 
 They are looking for 440 Census Field Supervisors, as the Census of Population will be held on 10 April 2011. The Central Statistics Office requires persons to work full-time on a temporary fixed purpose contract basis from January 2011 until June 2011. 
Successful applicants will manage the census field force at a district level. 
The work will be challenging and varied. 
 Here are some details out of the … 
Personal Specification 
 1. ESSENTIAL REQUIREMENTS – to be eligible for consideration candidates must 
 have proven experience of staff management preferably in an off-site capacity and the organisation of work for groups of up to ten people in the recent past, i.e. within the past five years 
 have proven experience of working to tight deadlines and achieving well defined outputs 
 have proven experience of organising and delivering training programmes 
 be computer literate and be familiar with basic Microsoft packages 
 In Addition 
 be available full-time for the contract term 
 have good command of English, both written and verbal 
 hold a current full driving licence and have the full-time use of a car for the contract term 
 must provide secure and confidential storage in their home for all census material and equipment for their field district (see Paragraph 15) 
 have the requisite knowledge and ability to undertake the duties of the post 
 be a citizen of the European Economic Area (EEA) 
 2. DESIRABLE that Candidates should have 
 a good general education 
 have /had some involvement in the recruitment of staff 
 some experience in supervising/conducting household surveys, market research interviewing or practical social work. 
 Closing date: The competition will close at 5pm on Friday 24th September. 
 Regards, 
Katleen 
 Share this: 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 Pocket 
 
 
 More 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share this 
 
 
 
 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous Post 
 Next Post -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Workinglivingtravellinginireland 
 
 Workinglivingtravellinginireland 
 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Pages 
 
 About me! 
 Accommodation in Ireland 
 Foreign Language jobs in Ireland 
 Google Local Guide 
 Gort Cycle Trails in the Burren Lowlands 
 Have a question? Contact me ! 
 Help with feeling down ? 
 Jobs/ job announcements in Ireland 
 Living in Ireland 
 Recruitment Agencies Ireland 
 Small business interviews West of Ireland 
 Travel 
 Work With Me! 
 Working in Ireland 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 51,464 hits 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 Working, living & Travelling in Ireland | Powered by  Astra WordPress Theme 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
