road reads 
 quick reads for trains, planes and automobiles. 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Skills for Hire 
 About the Site 
 About Robert 
 Free stuff 
 Guest writers 
 Book Excerpts 
 Home 
 0.99 eBooks 
 Stellar Gas: The Book 
 
 Tag Archives: job 
 Make it happen: Do what you love 
 November 6, 2012  by  robertrun 
 2 
 
 The picture is a link to a note about notes 
 Make it happen. When you don't give up you can draw good things to yourself. I did not give up, but mostly, what happened is I kept writing. And I used my allotted research time (mini-day) to research writing opportunities and locate groups of creative people in online groups and organizations. In the process of seeking out  illustrators for a graphic novel  I am working on, outside of  Stellar Gas , and potentially one of my short stories called  "The Story of Seaweed"  I found a situation where I can make money editing graphic novels and comic books. I am not going to call it a job, because it is my essence. It is play for me to do things like this.. and it just could become the case that I have found the illustrators I am looking for right in this group. 
 For my  email subscribers , expect your copy of a free chapter by the end of the day today, Tuesday. See, just because the  scary Circus  is in town does not mean everything has to be bad. 
 
 Just Combine Halloween and Election Day and get it over with (link) 
 I am doing a blog post per day all month… hopefully. Inspired by  NaBloPoMo . This will be a good motivation for me to format more ebooks, cause oh yeah.. I got ‘em baby. This is post #6. Can i do it? 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  Free stuff ,  NaBloPoMo ,  Robert Run .  Tagged  amazon ,  apple ,  business ,  chapter ,  cheap ebooks ,  Circus ,  conservation ,  Draft ,  editing ,  election ,  entrepreneurship ,  essence ,  everything ,  free ,  gas ,  giveaway ,  graphic novel ,  graphic novels ,  illustrators ,  Individual Rights ,  job ,  money ,  motivation ,  note ,  online ,  picture ,  post ,  process ,  research ,  right ,  self-publishing ,  situation ,  Stellar ,  stellar gas ,  Story ,  time ,  writing 
 Plato's Republic: Treatise of paid-off phony intellectual bottom feeders 
 November 1, 2012  by  robertrun 
 9 
 What a bad meme to spread! Plato had a lot of things wrong. Who would cast a spell like this? What's his interest in maintaining the ostracism of honest people? 
 How about this instead?: 
 _ " Those who are able to see beyond the shadows and lies of their culture are honest, valuable people who lay the foundation for the New Civilization"  _ 
 That makes more sense to me. Spread  -that-  meme around so it takes hold, what the hell were people thinking back then? how could they do this to us? 
 That is a better meme to lay down for Western Civilization, instead of the "forms" and the "ideals" that Plato used to provide talentless bureaucracies the tools they use to control us to this day. Plato was the first paid-off phony intellectual. 
 In many cultures, before the West did this thing it is doing, people who see things more clearly are not cast-aways who are considered weirdos, they are special people who are heard in order to see things from different perspectives. They are Shaman, healers, and clarions. Sometimes they are even chosen to become Chiefs and leaders. At the very least, their input is integrated into the whole, and considered valuable. 
 Plato's  Republic  is the foundation in the West for Bureaucratic Authoritarianism. It is the start of ostracizing realism and the root of discontent and alienation.  The Republic  separates people from themselves and their communities, and implores a dependence on external constructs that are usually foisted via violence by people who do not provide any work or innovation to the equation. 
 Another option for this photo might be: 
 " Those who are able to see beyond the shadows and lies of their culture will never be understood, let alone believed, by the masses. And don't worry talentless bureaucrats who make your living fleecing hard-working, valuable people. I'm writing a book called "The Republic" and it will ensure easy living for your ilk for at least a couple of millenia." 
 Plato knew who doled out the free tax dollars. So like the economists and pundits of today, writing treatises that justify that system is good job security. Never mind innovation or solutions, unless of course they are exploited to continue to support the talentless political class and their flack machine. And writing them in a language that is understandable by the people who have a certain level of education, but who are not inclined to critical thinking or original thought is a special talent. That malleable majority of the population is crucial to the maintenance of easy living for the political class and its tentacles. 
 At some point you have to ask yourself for honesty with yourself. Just ask yourself three questions before you lie down to sleep. Don't be scared. Just ask: _ "Can I be honest with myself? Then ask: Am I doing anything to change things, really?, or am I just maintaining a broken cart that is ultimately doing more damage and harm than good?" Then: "At this point wouldn't it be a net gain if we just started over?"_ 
 Internet movie database review regarding Plato and Aristotle , where a scriptwriter got it backwards. 
 More on starting over: (Links) 
 Breakfast means "break-fast" and it is the most important meal of the day, because you wake up.  ****    (Breaking the two-party stranglehold) 
 You 're going to have to sacrifice more and suffer; tighten  your  belt. Just don't pay attention to  our  ever-expanding gut that  you  go into debt for you stupid sucker.   (Getting power into your own hands) 
 I am doing a blog post per day all month, hopefully. Inspired by  NaBloPoMo . This is post #1. 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  Free stuff ,  NaBloPoMo ,  Politics ,  Robert Run ,  Self-improvement .  Tagged  bureaucracy ,  Bureaucratic ,  cheap ebooks ,  Civilization ,  class ,  community ,  corporatism ,  Democrats ,  Democrips ,  entrepreneurship ,  feeder ,  foundation ,  free ,  giveaway ,  Individual Rights ,  innovation ,  input ,  intellectual ,  intellectual bottom feeders ,  interest ,  job ,  level ,  machine ,  Media ,  meme ,  mind control ,  objectivity ,  option ,  order ,  perception ,  phony intellectual ,  Plato ,  realism ,  Rebloodlicans ,  Republic ,  Republicans ,  root ,  self improvement ,  sense ,  Shaman ,  Spread ,  start ,  system ,  tax ,  Television ,  that ,  the foundation ,  The Republic ,  thinking ,  Treatise ,  values ,  West ,  West for Bureaucratic Authoritarianism ,  Western Civilization ,  whole ,  work ,  writing 
 Post navigation 
 Read the Preface 
 
 Get the Book 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 
 
 
 
 RSS - Posts 
 RSS - Comments 
 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
 Categories 
 
 0.99 eBooks  (10) 
 About the Site  (2) 
 Book Excerpts  (9) 
 Business  (24) 
 Free stuff  (39) 
 Humor  (3) 
 NaBloPoMo  (30) 
 NaNoWriMo (Nano)  (18) 
 Poetry  (6) 
 Politics  (15) 
 read  (26) 
 Robert Run  (36) 
 Self-improvement  (19) 
 Short stories  (9) 
 War and Vegetables  (4) 
 
 they follow 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
