Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Looking for a career in Real Estate? 
 MRN 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Are you interested in real estate? Have you started studying to become a licensed agent? 
 At Keller Williams, we believe in building careers worth having, businesses worth owning, and lives worth living, experiences worth giving and legacies worth leaving – and we make it OUR business to create these opportunities for our Agents and our Team Members. 
 As the largest Real Estate Company in North America, and with a recent endorsement from Training Magazine as ‘The World’s Number 1 Training Organization”, and Forbes Magazine 'Happiest Place to Work ' in 2018, Keller Williams is setting the industry standard in Education, Production, and Exceptional Customer Experiences. 
 We are looking for In-Training, New and Experienced REALTORS! 
 Call us today to learn more about real estate, Keller Williams culture, and how our hands-on training and support can help you achieve your professional goals! 
 Benefits 
 Keller Williams Realty, Inc. is an international real estate brokerage with over 160,000 real estate agents, operating in more than 700 market centers across the globe. Through leading education and technology combined with a culture of sharing Keller Williams has quickly become the LARGEST real estate company in the WORLD as well as the #1 training organization across any industry. 
 Job Types:  Full-time, Commission 
 Required education: 
High school or equivalent 
 Job Location: 
Vaughan 
 Required licenses or certifications: 
REALTOR 
Drivers License G 
Team attitude towards overall business and the ability to work well with other departments 
Commitment to excellent customer service and exceeding customer expectations 
Excellent Communication and Organizational skills 
Attention to detail and accuracy while moving through high volumes of files 
Experience with running and producing reports 
Ability to work in a fast-paced and dynamic environment while meeting deadlines 
Qualifications and Skills 
Excellent at building rapport 
Understanding of emotional intelligence with People Oriented 
Strong written and verbal communication skills 
Good organizational skills 
Learning-based focus (ongoing learner) 
Strong interpersonal skills, a strong understanding of accountability and responsibility, aware of the differences 
Willing to learn scripts and dialogues 
Licensed to sell Real Estate in the Province of Ontario Canada 
Must have a license to drive and own car 
Must be open to full time and experience working in a 100% commission environment 
 Benefits 
 To be further discussed 
 Job Type:  Full-time 
 Job Types:  Full-time, Part-time, Internship 
 Salary:  $50,000.00 to $120,000.00 /year 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
