simplifypersonalproductivity 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Get More from Your Team 
 Delta Consulting Group 
 
   
 Kickstart Your Career 
 
 
 If you’ve been suffering in a job you hate or just feeling like you are meant to do so much more than your current career path allows then… 
 I’d like to invite you to take advantage of a special, "Kickstart Your Career In 2014” personal, 1-on-1 coaching session where we will work together to… 
 
 Create a crystal clear vision for the work you were born to do (hint: it won't even feel like work) 
 Uncover hidden challenges that may be sabotaging your success with transitioning out of your current job and into your dream career 
 Leave this session renewed, re-energized, and inspired to get hired now in the best, most rewarding and fulfilling job you've ever had 
 
 If you’d like to take advantage of this very special, very limited, and totally FREE 60 minute “Kickstart Your Career In 2014” coaching session, hit reply and answer the following questions: 
 To claim this special coaching session simply fill out this form, answering all the questions: 
 Name(required) 
 Email(required) 
 Phone Number 
 How long have you been in your current position? 
 What is your desired next position? 
 Have you been turned down for a promotion in the last year? 
 On a scale of 0 to 10 how important is it to you to move your career forward this year? 
 Submit 
 You can also email me at carol@delta-group-llc.com and answer these four questions: 
 
 How long have you been in your current position? 
 What is your desired next position? 
 Have you been turned down for a promotion in the last year? 
 On a scale of 0-10, how important is it for you to advance your career right now? 
 
 Since we’re making this offer for the first time right now and we don’t know how intense the response will be, we can’t guarantee a coaching session for everyone. We’ll take as many people as we can and then start a waiting list. 
 Be sure to include your name, phone number and email address when you reply so that someone from our office can get back to you and schedule your session within the next 24 to 48 hours. 
 If you don’t hear from us, it means we’ve received more requests than we can handle right now and if something opens up we’ll get in touch with you at a later time. 
 All the best. 
 The sooner you send us your answers, the more likely you are to a session. Submit your reply now. 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Print 
 Email 
 LinkedIn 
 Reddit 
 Tumblr 
 More 
 
 
 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 
 
 
   caroldougherty 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Learn More 
 
 
 Delta Consulting Group LLC offers webinars, training and coaching to help you develop your skills in time management, teamwork and leadership. Visit www.delta-group-llc.com. 
 
 
 Unlock Your Leadership Potential 
 
 Elements of Leadership Paper 
 
 
 
 Follow via Email 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 8,612 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
 Latest Twitter Feeds 
 
 My week on Twitter 🎉: 11 New Followers. See yours with   sumall.com/performancetwe…   https://t.co/jeKaOyLfMw   2 years ago 
 My week on Twitter 🎉: 3 New Followers. See yours with   sumall.com/performancetwe…   https://t.co/Jx0TsOIFtZ   2 years ago 
 My week on Twitter 🎉: 1 Mention. See yours with   sumall.com/performancetwe…   https://t.co/DjLVr2e340   2 years ago 
 My week on Twitter 🎉: 1 Like, 1 New Follower. See yours with   sumall.com/performancetwe…   https://t.co/wTjHYwelVy   2 years ago 
 My week on Twitter 🎉: 1 Like, 15 New Followers. See yours with   sumall.com/performancetwe…   https://t.co/db8xnQnYcH   2 years ago 
 Follow @DoughertyCarol 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Day-Timer Blog 
 Discuss 
 Get Support 
 Lead with Giants 
 Leadership Freak 
 Practical Practice Management 
 Sell Lead Succeed! 
 WordPress.com News 
 
 
 
 Interesting Blogs 
 
 Lead with Giants 
 Leadership Freak 
 Practical Practice Management 
 Productivity Articles on LIfehack 
 Sell Lead Succeed! 
 Simple Productivity Blog 
 
 
 
 Resources 
 
 Day-Timer Blog 
 Delta Consulting Group LLC 
 Derek Sivers: How to Start a Movement 
 Evernote site 
 Lead with Giants 
 Microsoft Tasks 
 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Problems Talking With People 
 Are You Creating Boundaries or Constraints? 
 Energize Your Leadership Book Coming April 20, 2015 
 Do You Go All In? 
 End the Blame Game 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 February 2015 
 September 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 
 Categories Select Category About  (2) Change Management  (34) Coaching  (8) Communication  (13) Leadership  (199) Mission  (2) Personal Development  (28) Project Management  (11) Quotes  (134) Team Building  (77) Time Management  (92) Uncategorized  (13) 
 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 
 simplifypersonalproductivity  * Developing Leaders & Teams 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
