My journey on becoming full-time designer. 
 A great WordPress.com site 
 Tag Archives: exterior jobs 
 October 23, 2013  by   katdesigner 
 Day 22: Production is confirmed, next week start! 70 days to go! 
 Kat doodles about life: 
 We had summer of amazing sunshine, now we have autumn of amazing rain. Non stopping rain. There are two jobs I should be working on, but I just simply cannot because as soon the water dries out, it starts pouring down again and since they are exterior kind of jobs, it makes it all a bit impossible. 
 I got very soaked this morning cycling to work, good job kitchens are mostly warm and “dry” places. On the way back, stopping for a production meeting as part of the journey, I cycled with real care but ended up getting covered up in mud and having my legs bruised from falling off my bike in the forest. I guess that would not happen if sitting in the car… 
 None of this really matters too much and I can get over it quite quickly because… Firstly my pain got little forgotten about, when purchasing Vienetta ice cream as a healing product, I may have to keep going for some more. And secondly, more importantly, I managed to get the college production work confirmed and I will start next week for about a week. I have discussed with head of drama what needs to be done set wise and I only need to wait for the carpenter to build it. I have given out few tips of possible design solutions, when we came across reusing old cloths and backdrops. We went researching to the basement of the school, where part of the production will be also taking place. It was absolutely brilliant, dungeon look like space screaming for some exciting drama, and then I got asked to organize and declutter their costume and prop store. Only just by being there for ten minutes, two spare backdrops were found, so next week I will look for more to make them into required piece of scenery. Really great meeting with all the problems resolved and confirmed week of work. I cannot wait to start! 
 Before I went to this production meeting, I also visited the art department and discussed few details about the costume workshop I am doing with year 9 week after half term. Drinking too much tea for the last two days made me way too proactive at 2am, when I should be sleeping, but instead I kept writing e-mails with lists to do for the workshops. I am suddenly wishing a day has 48 hours or we can be like birds, which only sleep few seconds and wake up refreshed… 
 And how was your Tuesday? What happened? Back tomorrow xx 
 Share this: 
 
 Share 
 
 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 Reddit 
 
 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  92 Days Challenge ,  All Posts ,  Kat Doodles About Life ,  Theatre Design 
Tagged  autumn rain ,  basement ,  being bruised ,  birds sleeping few seconds ,  building a set ,  cloths and backdrops ,  confirmed work ,  costume and prop store ,  day of 48 hours ,  decluttering ,  designing a set ,  drinking too much tea ,  dungeon ,  exterior jobs ,  falling of the bike ,  getting soaked ,  organizing ,  sitting in the car ,  sunny summer ,  sunshine ,  This English summer ,  Vienetta ice cream ,  writing to do lists 
 2 Comments 
 Post navigation 
 Kat Design 
 
 Kat Design 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Categories 
 
 3 Days Challenge- NEW!!! 
 92 Days Challenge 
 About Kat 
 All Posts 
 Interior Design 
 Kat Doodles About Life 
 Kat Gets Arty 
 Kat Recommends 
 Kat Speaks About Languages 
 Theatre Design 
 Would You Like to Help? 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Oh boy, what did I get myself into…? 
 How I Moved to Paris… 
 Meltdown and How to Calm Down 
 Year On… 
 Post 32: Notre Dame in the Morning…! 90 to go! 
 Post 31: Resolutions Review March! 91 to go! 
 Post 29: What to See in Paris?! 93 to go! 
 Post 30: Walk Along the Seine! 92 to go! 
 Post 28: From London to Paris! 94 to go! 
 27: London Adventure with Jan Kraus! 
 Post 26: Kat Is Back! 96 to go! 
 Post 25: Quick Sketching! 97 to go! 
 Post 24: Karen Makes Me Smile! 98 to go! 
 Post 23: Birthday & Holiday Fever! 99 to go! 
 Post 22: One Sixth of the Challenge! 100 to go! 
 Post 21: Pack Your Bag, Buy the Ticket And Go On an Adventure! 101 to go! 
 Post 20: Resolutions Review February! 102 to go! 
 Post 19: Book Shopping! 103 to go! 
 Post 18: Another 'Little Steps, Bigger Picture' Post! 104 to go! 
 Post 17: Breathe And Just Let Things Roll…! 105 to go! 
 
 Searching for specific doodle? 
 Search for: 
 Your most recent favourites on my blog 
 
 Oh boy, what did I get myself into...? 
 How I Moved to Paris... 
 Meltdown and How to Calm Down 
 Year On... 
 Post 32: Notre Dame in the Morning...! 90 to go! 
 Post 31: Resolutions Review March! 91 to go! 
 Post 29: What to See in Paris?! 93 to go! 
 Post 30: Walk Along the Seine! 92 to go! 
 
 Thank You all for 
 
 7,592 fab views! 
 
 Follow My journey on becoming full-time designer. on WordPress.com 
 Mostly doodled about 
 Amanda Bathory   art   being a foreigner   being ill   birthday   blogging   blog party   bookcases   Bristol   career   carnival   challenge   chef   Christmas   circus   cooking   costumes   cv   cycling   Czech   David Allen   design   Designing For Interiors   drawing   dreams   driving   driving licence   English   Facebook   failure   Farrow&Ball   fashion   followers   France   hoarding   Ikea   illustration   In basket   instagram   interior/theatre designer   interior design   interiors   interpreting   job   job hunting   languages   Learner Mother   learning English   learning how to drive   Liebster award   London   looking for a job   love   motivation   My journey on becoming full-time designer   New Year   new year resolution   night out   painting   Paris   party   potatoes   prison   resolution   resolutions   saving money   scenic painting   scrapbook   sketching   social media   stop smoking   teaching   theatre   theatre design   The Crazy bag lady   translating   Twitter   upcycling   wine   Wordpress 
 Instagram 
 No Instagram images were found. 
 Archives 
 
 February 2015 
 December 2014 
 October 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 January 2013 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 July 2012 
 May 2012 
 
 Blogs I Follow 
 
 Hiking Photography 
 trickster¡e 
 Karen Gillmore Art 
 Simple Life Mom 
 twist & turn 
 art fn 
 Lia in Brussels 
 REDAGAPE 
 My blog 
 Chad Stark 
 vicki's kitchen 
 winolady 
 Fashion Mayann 
 BulanLifestyle.com 
 A Spoonful of Style 
 My Site 
 Maison Bentley Style 
 LearnerMother 
 Abigail Ahern Blog 
 The WordPress.com Blog 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Hiking Photography 
 trickster¡e 
 painter, wanderer & mischief-maker 
 Karen Gillmore Art 
 Comics & Illustration 
 Simple Life Mom 
 twist & turn 
 Artisan knitter rambling about her London life in general 
 art fn 
 My studies in creating art -- Tim Hards Vicente 
 Lia in Brussels 
 REDAGAPE 
 Crochet and Fun Ideas for Creative Living 
 My blog 
 Chad Stark 
 Entrepreneurship | Technology | Interior Design | Home Decor | Music 
 vicki's kitchen 
 winolady 
 not for nothing 
 Fashion Mayann 
 www.fashionmayann.wordpress.com is about some fashion inspirations 
 BulanLifestyle.com 
 Welcome to my Art and Lifestyle Blog. Follow my adventures as a Bohemian artist. 
 A Spoonful of Style 
 A fashion & lifestyle blog | Because Style Matters 
 My Site 
 Maison Bentley Style 
 LearnerMother 
 (and other stories) 
 Abigail Ahern Blog 
 Source for design inspiration, musings and decorating tips from Abigail Ahern 
 The WordPress.com Blog 
 The latest news on WordPress.com and the WordPress community. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
