  
   
   
   
   
 
 December 1-3, 2021 | New Orleans, LA 
   
 Open Menu 
 
 
 About 
 
 UPDATE: NOVEL CORONAVIRUS (COVID-19) 
 The WorkBoat Brand 
 Contact the WorkBoat Team 
 
 
 
 Stay up-to-date 
 
 
 WorkBoat Think Tank 
 
 
 Industry News 
 
 
 Exhibiting Information 
 
 2020 Exhibitor List 
 
 
 
 About 
 
 UPDATE: NOVEL CORONAVIRUS (COVID-19) 
 The WorkBoat Brand 
 Contact the WorkBoat Team 
 
 
 
 Stay up-to-date 
 
 
 WorkBoat Think Tank 
 
 
 Industry News 
 
 
 Exhibiting Information 
 
 2020 Exhibitor List 
 
 
 
 | __ 
 C-JOB NAVAL ARCHITECTS 
 Home    >    Exhibitor List    >   C-JOB NAVAL ARCHITECTS 
 1725 Hughes Landing Blvd. 
11th floor 
The Woodlands , TX 77381 
United States 
 __WWW.C-JOB.COM 
 Booth #1146 
 C-JOB NAVAL ARCHITECTS 
 C-Job Naval Architects is the largest independent ship design and engineering company in The Netherlands. C-Job now employs over 160 maritime engineers and naval architects in five offices around the world. 
 We work with a passion for everything afloat. Whether its new build or conversions and modifications, C-Job is renowned for ground-breaking new vessels in a broad range of maritime sectors that includes dredging, heavy lift, offshore (wind), ferries, workboats, superyachts and more. 
 From initial concept designs, through to basic and detailed engineering packages, C-Job engineers are committed to producing new, innovative and sustainable solutions for the global maritime shipbuilding industry. Our attention to detail and close cooperation with ship owners and yards means that we are able to develop exactly what the client has in mind. 
 In addition to ship design services, C-Job is also offering clients, around the globe, assistance and support during the construction process (Building Supervision) as well as interior engineering and design. 
 For more information, please visit www.c-job.com. 
 Products & Services 
 Categories 
 Dynamic Positioning - Services Offered 
 We perform thorough audits, inspections, and trials of vessels fitted with dynamic positioning (DP) systems. This can include annual audits, trials prior to certain operations and FMEAs (Failure Mode Effects Analysis) surveys.With extensive knowledge within Dynamic Positioning, we can assist with:Failure mode and effect analysis for both new build and existing DP vesselsGap Analysis of FMEA's, Proving Trials, DP Annual Trials & Ops. ManualsDP Proving Trials, DP Annual trials, 5-Yearly verification trialsDP capability analyses, including HAZIDs (Hazard Identification Study) and capability plotsDynamic Positioning accident and incident investigationsNew build and conversion disputes for DP vesselsPreparation of DP operations manuals 
 Marine Warranty Surveys 
 Marine Warranty Surveyors A Marine Warranty Surveyor (MWS) provides independent third-party review and approval of high value and/or high risk marine construction and transportation projects, from the planning to the execution stages. LOC acts as Marine Warranty Surveyor either on behalf of underwriters and their assureds, or for self-insured clients. Our marine surveyors have experience in every possible marine environment – including deepwater projects at depths approaching 3000m. From single voyage approvals right through to major offshore energy projects, our marine surveyors have the knowledge to ensure that risks are minimised. To help our clients understand Marine Warranty Survey (MWS) requirements, we have our own Guidelines for Marine Operations. We use web-based technology to manage multi-site projects, which our clients can access to keep track of progress. Through our international network of offices, our marine surveyors can work with you wherever your project is based. 
 Marine Casulaties 
 Marine Casualties LOC is at the forefront of responding to marine casualties and emergencies worldwide. We have worked on marine casualties of all scales, including some of the largest and most complex incidents in recent history. Our global network of offices means that we can respond rapidly to any situation. Wherever you are, LOC staff will arrive promptly at the scene to provide advice and support to accidents and casualties offshore. Our marine casualty services we provide have never been better. Below is a selection of the services we can provide to marine casualties: Cargo Damage Cargo Liquification Fixed Object Damage Hull & Machinery Marine Pollution and Prevention Marine Salvage & Wreck Removal 
 Marine Engineering Consultants 
 Marine Engineering Services & Consultancy LOC offers a comprehensive range of marine engineering services & marine engineering consultancy. This can include the load-out, transportation and installation of offshore oil and gas facilities, the decommissioning and removal of offshore structures, alternative energy (such as offshore wind farms), ports and harbours and general maritime transportation. Our Marine Engineering Services are composed of experts who collaborate efficiently with other discipline engineers to attend to your offshore needs. From Dynamic Positioning Audits and Inspections to Risk Management and Procedures, 
 Surveys, Inspections and Audits 
 LOC undertakes an extensive range of surveys, inspections, and audits. While instructions are often for work on a specific vessel or facility, we also work with multiple vessels and even entire fleets. Due to our international network of offices, we can survey and inspect vessels and facilities anywhere in the world.Some of the services we offer include:eCMID / OVIDMission Equipment SurveysCondition SurveysDue DiligencePre-PurchaseHatch Cover Integrity TestingPre & Post Charter (On & Off-Hire) 
 Naval Architects / Marine Engineers 
 
 Naval Architects 
 
 Privacy Policy  |  DSAR Requests / Do Not Sell My Personal Info  |   Terms of Use  |  Locations  |  Events, Products & Services 
 
 (C) Diversified Communications. All rights reserved. 
