Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Instructor 
 Alberta Health Services 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Your Opportunity: 
The Stollery Children’s Hospital is the primary acute care center for children in the Edmonton area and the referral center for the Western Canadian Heart Network, receiving approximately 450 children/year post open heart surgery, making it the second busiest congenital heart surgery program in Canada. It is the ECMO/VAD referral site for most of Western Canada. The Pediatric Cardiac Intensive Care Unit (PCICU) at the Stollery Children’s Hospital is dedicated to providing state- of- the –art care to critically ill children up to 18 years of age. Since it opened in 2001, the Stollery has become a specialized site with expertise and programs to ensure children requiring inpatient services receive the best possible care. Highly skilled child health professionals from around the world have made the Stollery a well- recognized center for specialized pediatric services The Clinical Nurse Educator reports to the Professional Practice Lead in PCICU to support nursing staff and education. The CNE uses principles of adult learning and assesses, plans, implements, evaluates and documents education and development needs of staff. The incumbent facilitates, coordinates and supports the implementation of educational initiatives for orientation, mandatory education and in-servicing/continuing education. Other duties include promoting the clinical competence of staff through changes in policy, procedures, protocols, and technology. 
 Description: 
As an Instructor, you will be an expert practitioner and key educator. You will take a leadership role in the planning, coordination, implementation and evaluation of education for nursing staff including orientation, compulsory and continuing education, and clinical development. You will collaborate with management and internal partners to promote standards of clinical, educational and evidence informed practice. You will play a key role in providing safe, quality patient and family centered care while reflecting the shared vision and values of AHS. 
 Classification:  Instructor (2022.75) EDM 
 Union:  United Nurses of Alberta 
 Department:  PCICU Academic Stollery 
 Primary Location:  Stollery Children's Hospital 
 Multi-Site:  At (UNA only) 
 FTE:  1.00 
 Posting End Date:  07-DEC-2020 
 Employee Class:  Regular Full Time 
 Date Available:  17-DEC-2020 
 Hours per Shift:  7.75 
 Length of Shift in weeks:  2 
 Shifts per cycle:  10 
 Shift Pattern:  Days 
 Days Off:  Saturday/Sunday 
 Minimum Salary:  $40.34 
 Maximum Salary:  $54.11 
 Vehicle Requirement:  Not Applicable 
 Required Qualifications: 
Completion of an accredited nursing education program. Active or eligible for registration and practice permit with the College and Association of Registered Nurses of Alberta (CARNA). Current Basic Cardiac Life Support - Health Care Provider (BCLS-HCP). 
 Additional Required Qualifications: 
Baccalaureate Degree in Nursing required, equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered. Minimum 3 years’ experience working in Pediatric Cardiac Critical Care is required. Ability to work independently and effectively in a multidisciplinary setting. Excellent collaboration, communication, interpersonal, organizational and problem solving skills and abilities. Candidates must be highly motivated, self-directed and able to provide floor support. 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
Experience developing education materials for both staff and patients is preferred. Experience teaching and facilitating small and large groups is an asset. Experience with in-service and program development, implementation and evaluation is an asset. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
