Skip to content 
 Grofar 
 Menu 
 
 About 
 Contact 
 Home 
 Blog 
 
 Complete Careers Management 
 Tag: Good Careers Guidance 
   
 CAREERS GUIDANCE: The Poor Relation in the Education Sector 
 November 30, 2016   grofarwebsite 
 Earlier this month the Chairs of the Education, Skills and Economy Committee slammed the Government’s failure to address inadequacies in careers guidance as “unacceptable”, demanding that Ministers act to improve provision as a matter of urgency to ensure young people are equipped with the right skills to succeed in the modern economy. 
 The Committee published a report in July which highlighted that careers guidance is poor in many schools and, with no sign of the long-promised strategy for careers education, the Co-Chairs of the Committee Neil Carmichael and Iain Wright, accused Ministers of “burying their heads in the sand” in a way that “smacks of complacency”. 
 The concerns raised by the Committee are shared by careers guidance experts too: James Robertson, Managing Director of the popular careers guidance management solution Grofar, says the Government’s lackluster response is damaging the future prospects for many students: 
 “We work with schools across the country and the sense of frustration we encounter is often palpable: careers leaders want clear, consistent guidelines and communications from the Government to enable them to be absolutely clear about their responsibilities, strategies and options. But there’s often just a vacuum. If schools cannot provide their students with the best possible careers service, then inevitably that will have an impact on their prospects and we see first hand the effect this has, as careers staff struggle to meet student needs with little or no support from Westminster”. 
 The Government has responded to the Committee in the last week, stating on 15 November: “we are determined to tackle the patchy state of careers provision and raise its importance and profile in schools. Just as every pupil deserves access to a good school place, every young person must have access to high quality careers education, information, advice and guidance”. 
 Robertson is not impressed, but says all is not lost: “The Government has already conceded that careers guidance is ‘patchy’ and needs tackling. Many schools have now lost patience and rather than waiting for the strategic vacuum to be filled by the Government, they're implementing advice from organisations such as Gatsby and adopting Grofar to improve their schools provision whilst at the same time, reducing their costs. Students need quality careers education, information, advice and guidance right now, they don’t have the luxury of waiting. The future of today’s students is more uncertain than ever, equipping them with the key skills they need to survive in Britain’s changing climate is now more important than ever.”. 
 And Robertson’s views are shared at the coal face. Hayley Galpin, Careers Co-ordinator at The Orchard School in Bristol, says: “As a Careers Co-ordinator, I soon found myself swamped with paperwork: stacks of documents and folders made information difficult to manage. I now use  Grofar , which means student records and notes are always on hand when students walk into my office. My main objective is to focus my attention better and spend less time on administration. It’s great for the students too: they take ownership over aspects of their careers development with action plans, goals and a great tool to help them with writing personal statements and application forms. 
 “I can easily identify students with low activity, highlighting those at risk and who may need extra support. Students have direct access to their careers service and can message me for advice at any time. 
 “I am happy we will always be 'OFSTED' ready and can easily demonstrate the service and careers guidance we are providing to our students”. 
 As the Government seems to be distracted by crisis after crisis, from Brexit to Trump, it seems inevitable that the careers guidance function within the sector is being nudged into finding alternative solutions. But when the solution is so affordable, does the Government need to lose sleep over its inaction? Careers guidance may feel like the poor relation within the education sector but there’s a strong core developing which is helping itself and finding its own way, rather than wait for the long-promised but, so far, non-existent Government strategy. 
 Posted in  Press Tagged  Good Careers Guidance ,  Ofsted ,  Skills 
   
 Evidencing student employability skills and careers guidance provision 
 November 23, 2016   grofarwebsite 1 Comment 
 Recording employability skills, careers guidance provision, activities and events is essential to evidencing the quality and the impact of your careers programme and helping your school to provide students with the best possible careers service. 
 Evidencing skills and careers guidance provision is made easy with Grofar as these 4 steps demonstrate. 
 1) Add activity to a student 
 Activity is added to a student timeline automatically after a scheduled activity, event or one to one counselling session. Activities can also be added manually by a member of the careers service or by a student themselves. Activities can be added to individual students or entire groups of students. 
 2) Review activity on the student timeline 
 Activity is record against a student timeline so that a full history of careers guidance provision is logged. 
 3) Employability skills and provision overview on student profile 
 See a summary of student employability skills and provision on the student passport. The skills section shows the number of activities where skills have been evidenced and a spider chart to highlight strengths and skills gaps. 
 4) See provision recorded in the student database 
 Provision for each student is highlighted in the student database so you can ensure each student receives the necessary careers guidance and those lagging behind can be easily identified. 
 Posted in  How To Tagged  evidence ,  Good Careers Guidance ,  guidance ,  Skills ,  Student Activity Log ,  Student Passport 
   
 ‘Careers advice should be a core part of a young person’s schooling’ 
 July 13, 2016   grofarwebsite 2 Comments 
 This week the Government’s Commons Sub-Committee on Education, Skills and the Economy  concluded  that the lack of good careers provision in schools in England was harming young people’s job choices and having a detrimental effect on the economy. 
 In a report, MPs said: "We recommend that Ofsted introduce a specific judgement on careers information advice and guidance for secondary schools, and set clear criteria for making these judgements." 
 "The Common Inspection Framework should be amended to make clear that a secondary school whose careers provision is judged as 'requires improvement' or 'inadequate' cannot be judged as 'outstanding' overall." 
 "Likewise a secondary school should be unable to receive an overall judgement of 'good' if its careers provision is judged to be 'inadequate'." 
 This is a crucial time for schools in England to ensure that their careers advice service is fit for purpose. At Grofar we understand the importance of this and the impact that good careers advice has on student’s futures. Running an effective careers service is time consuming and labour intensive – this is where we can help! 
 Grofar is a complete careers administration solution, available to schools from just £495 per annum. Grofar manages careers service processes and provides a central location for all careers information. Grofar is the solution for schools who want to improve the careers service they offer to students and maximise their staff potential. 
 Speak to a member of our friendly team for further information by emailing  info@grofar.com . To sign up to a no obligation 30-day free trial please visit  www.grofar.com . 
 Posted in  Press Tagged  Advice ,  Careers ,  Careers Leaders ,  Careers Service ,  CEIAG ,  Common Inspection Framework ,  Commons Sub-Committee on Education ,  Economy ,  Good Careers Guidance ,  Ofsted ,  Skills ,  Statutory Guidance 
   
 Press Release: Software company launch new solution for schools in response to increasing demands on Careers Leaders 
 April 11, 2016   grofarwebsite 
 Grofar have launched a new software solution for schools, an integrated set of tools that enables Careers Leaders to improve the service offered to students, save time and meet statutory guidance more easily as well as helping them to achieve the recommendations set out in the Gatsby report. 
 The company has created the platform in response to the Government’s drive to increase students’ aspirations and ensure that students leave school "prepared for life in modern Britain". In April 2014, the Gatsby charitable foundation produced the  "Good Careers Guidance"  report by Sir John Holman, who identified eight benchmarks for what good career guidance should look like. 
 Speaking of the launch of the software, James Robertson, Managing Director of Grofar, said: 
 
 In 2013, OFSTED commented that only one in five schools were effective in ensuring that students were receiving the level of careers information that they needed. We carried out our own research and it’s clear that Careers Leaders are under considerable time pressure and lack the tools that are required to do their job well and that a software package could reduce administration and make the careers programme for schools much easier to manage. 
 Grofar offers a great cost-effective solution to schools. Using the information from their existing MIS system, it will help them to meet the key requirements of the Government’s statutory guidance, as well as develop the career aspirations of students from a young age. 
 
 The cost of Grofar’s complete software solution starts from £495. For further information about Grofar, including the features of the Grofar Careers Plan and the Grofar Careers Solution, please visit  www.grofar.com  or email  info@grofar.com . 
 Posted in  Press Tagged  Careers Leaders ,  CEIAG ,  Gatsby ,  Good Careers Guidance ,  James Robertson ,  Ofsted ,  Sir John Holman ,  Statutory Guidance ,  Students 
 Search 
 Search for: 
 Text Widget 
 This is a text widget, which allows you to add text or HTML to your sidebar. You can use them to display text, links, images, HTML, or a combination of these. Edit them in the Widget section of the  Customizer . 
 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Twitter 
 Instagram 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
