  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
 CSS3 
 
 CSS3 Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance CSS3 Developer ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/css3) 
 3 weeks ago 
 Make the web page responsive 
 Published: 3 weeks ago  Bids: 8 
 I have a monolitic application made with jhipster that i want to make it responsive. 
 the technology included is angular and spring boot 
 it just contains few components 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 Published by:  A. B. R. Last reply: 2 weeks ago  Vietnam 
 USD 50 - 100 
 Last month 
 3d gloved hand and animated layers. 
 Published: Last month  Bids: 3 
 Hi, I need 3 things: 
1. 3D gloved hand 
2. A "zoom-in" in 3D 
3. 
A 3D animation video 
 Please refer to the attached files and link:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HsDEXcnX1pI 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : 3D Models 
 What do you need?  : 2 to 6 pieces 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  L. W. Last reply: Last month  Malaysia 
 USD 100 - 250 
 2 months ago 
 On-Going Web Development (Colombia) 
 Published: 2 months ago  Bids: 8 
 In a world of bland advertising, we’re injecting creativity back into mobile advertising through intuitive interactive experiences. 
 We're working on several projects at a time, and at the moment our priority is focusing on improving the dashboard that our clients use to manage their advertisement campaigns through a top-notch development for creating campaigns, visualization and analysis of metrics, creating different kinds of profiles with varying levels of authorization, generating reports, among others. 
 To do this, we're hiring a group of developers who are passionate about web development with a very specific stack and, since they'll be interacting with cross-regional teams (Europe, Latin America, and Asia), with a good level of English proficiency. 
 Work conditions: 
- We expect 6 hours of work/day, Monday to Friday (UK Calendar) 
 Requirements: 
- HTML / CSS / Javascript 
- React Web 
- SASS 
- GIT 
- Typescript 
- Node 
- Conversational English 
 Also desirable: 
- Figma 
- HTML5 Canvas / Canvas API 
- AWS (EC2, S3, Route53, ECS, Lambda, etc) 
- Docker 
- Experience of working in an Agile environment 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  J. D. Colombia 
 USD 1,000 - 3,000 
 4 months ago 
 Frontend Developer 
 Published: 4 months ago  Project duration: 1 - 2 months Bids: 4 
 Looking for a front end developer that can assist me delivering templates to use with different systems. 
 The HTML part of projects might use twig, blade or php. 
CSS3 and Javascript (most of the time with jQuery). 
 Developer should have a work environment in either Mac or Linux due to the heavy usage of Docker and Docker Compose for the projects. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new custom site 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  A. M. L. Last reply: 4 months ago  Costa Rica 
 USD 20 - 30 / hour 
 4 months ago 
 Wordpress Web Developer  enterprise client 
 Published: 4 months ago  Project duration: 1 - 4 weeks Bids: 27 
 We are seeking a WordPress Developer responsible for both back-end and front-end development, including creating WordPress themes and plugins. This position requires a combination of programming skills (namely PHP, HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript) and aesthetics (understanding element arrangements on the screen, the color and font choices, and so on). 
 More info will be provided later. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Wordpress 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 Published by:  P. L. Malaysia 
 Open 
 6 months ago 
 Modification of a platform made in Codeigniter, Affiliates Program 
 Published: 6 months ago  Bids: 9 
 Hello, I have a course platform, made in codelgneiter, I need a modification, to add an affiliate registration module, and change the visual style of my website. 
 Please apply only people with time, and experience in codelgneiter. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have the design 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  L. L. Ecuador 
 USD 250 - 500 
 6 months ago 
 Tiendanube or Nuvemshop Store Professional Design 
 Published: 6 months ago  Deadline: 15 Bids: 1 
 Hi. 
 I am looking for an experienced TiendaNube or NuvemShop UX Designer to customize the "Base Layout Theme" accordingly to what is expected to a Educational Toy Store. 
 Can you help me? 
I am from a very small business with limited budget. But I would like to invest in a good user experience in terms of web design because I highly valorise it and I consider it very important to start a new business. 
 Can you help me? 
Before starting, It is necessary to make a simple mock-up showing/explaining what is going to be done. 
 References: 
 https://github.com/TiendaNube/base-theme/ 
 https://docs.nuvemshop.com.br/help/sobre-o-layout-base 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : E-commerce 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Experience in this type of projects  : No (I haven’t managed this kind of project before) 
 Roles needed  : Designer, Developer 
 Published by:  A. C. Last reply: 6 months ago  Brazil 
 Less than USD 50 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
