Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Licensed Property Manager / Rental Consultant 
 Unique Real Estate Accommodations Inc. 
 __North Vancouver, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Licensed Property Manager /Rental Consultant 
 Unique Real Estate Accommodations Inc. is offering an exciting opportunity for a dynamic professional with exceptional organization, communication and client relation skills. This position is working with a team to provide top-notch coordination and management for luxury rentals in the lower mainland. 
 Job Type:  Full time. Monday to Friday, every fourth weekend & on-call every 6 weeks. 
 Location:  North Vancouver, but appointments will take place in North and West Vancouver, Downtown Vancouver and on the West and East side 
 Start Date:  ASAP 
 Overview: 
 
 Schedule tours - coordinate appointments for potential tenants and/or owners 
 Answer emails & calls and respond promptly to all tenant leads 
 Show furnished and unfurnished properties to potential tenants 
 Process rental applications 
 Negotiate deals between owners and tenants 
 Act as the liaison between Unique and new/existing owners - ensure that information regarding their preferences for tenants are documented accurately in the database 
 Ensure owners receive phone calls or email responses in a timely manner when they request feedback or advice regarding their property 
 Conduct move-ins/move-outs, pre inspections and routine inspections as scheduled by the Property Management Coordinator 
 Conduct New Owner meetings to review property features and specifications and prepare property for rental 
 Help to ensure integrity of files and ensure information in the database is up to date by proactively adding and confirming information 
 Maintain property inventories, make sure they are up to date and purchase items for unit that are missing 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 Must have a valid driver’s license and have your own car 
 Must hold a valid Property Management License from UBC Sauder School of Business or be willing to get licensed. 
 Must be fluent in English. Mandarin or Cantonese is a very strong asset; additional language skills are considered an asset as well 
 Superb customer service skills 
 Highly motivated self-starter and team player 
 Superior written and oral communication skills 
 Demonstrated ability to manage multiple and complex operational matters on a daily basis 
 Ability to deal with high profile customers in a professional manner with confidentiality 
 Solid knowledge of MS Office 
 Previous property management experience an asset 
 Swift adaptability of custom software systems 
 Strong time management and prioritization skills in a high-paced environment 
 
 Salary/car allowance/weekend pay for this licensed position is $61K per year + bonuses + RRSP matching. Cell phone & health benefits are also provided. 
 For more information about Unique Real Estate Accommodations Inc., please visit uniqueaccommodations.com 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Salary: $61,000.00 /year 
 Experience: 
 
 industry: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 Class 5 Drivers License (Required) 
 Property Management license UBC Sauder School of Business (Preferred) 
 
 Language: 
 
 English (Required) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
