Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Rural and Suburban Mail Carrier, On-call Relief 
 Canada Post - Postes Canada 
 __Milton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Requisition Id:  29962 
 Business Function:  Rural and Suburban Mail Carriers 
 Primary City:  Milton 
 Other Location(s):  mississauga, Oakville,Burlington 
 Province:  Ont. - GTA 
 Employment Type:  On Call Relief 
 Employment Status:  Temporary 
 Language Requirement:  English Essential 
 Area of Competition:  All qualified RSMC, and PRE and qualified OCRE (OCRE must be employed within 75km of this postal installation). Other Canada Post employees may apply for RSMC job opportunities that are advertised on the www.canadapost.ca/careers external website. 
 Posting Date (dd/mm/yyyy):  15/01/2020 
 Closing Date (dd/mm/yyyy):  15/06/2020 
 Job Description 
 Imagine that you could make the open road your office. As an on-call relief Rural and Suburban Mail Carrier with Canada Post, you can. We’re recruiting for dependable, organized individuals to deliver mail on an on-call basis to various communities. 
 If you enjoy working with the public and independently, as well as operating a motor vehicle in all kinds of weather and traffic conditions, then you’re ready to embark on a rewarding career and call the open road your office. 
 As an on-call relief employee with Canada Post, you’ll be working with an organization focused on growth and innovation, and recognized as one of Canada’s top employers and best corporate citizens. Along with receiving a competitive salary, you will have the opportunity to grow with us and discover your career potential, as you may be eligible to apply for any upcoming permanent Rural and Suburban Mail Carrier positions. 
 Job Responsibilities 
 
 Project a positive and courteous manner when dealing with customers face-to-face 
 Be adept at sorting, collecting and delivering mail items, in a safe and timely manner 
 Acquire and maintain knowledge of local infrastructure including roads, customers and delivery receptacles 
 Ensure mail is safely secured in their possession 
 
 Job Responsibilities (continued) 
Process various CPC products and services (Change of Address Notification, Damaged Mail, Items Delivered Bill (IDB) and others) 
 Wear Canada Post identification while on delivery and ensure its visibility while delivering and collecting mail from customers 
 Lift and carry items up to 50 lb/22.7 kg 
 Have experience in making deliveries and operating a motor vehicle in all kinds of weather and traffic conditions 
Qualifications 
Other Information 
 Mandatory Vehicle Requirements 
* ( NOTE:  The vehicle type for OCRE positions will depend on whether the postal installation has routes that contain RMB delivery. The vehicle requirements outlined below will be utilized accordingly. Delete what is not applicable 
 Have a satisfactory safe driving record 
Possess a valid permanent provincial driver’s license 
 (TEXT TO USE IF POSTAL INSTALLATION HAS MORE THAN 12 RMB DELIVERY – DELETE THIS TEXT IF NOT APPLICABLE) 
 A minimum cargo capacity of 50 cu ft (1415 liters) 
Automatic Transmission 
Power windows; 
A metal roof-top and accessory power outlet to accommodate a Canada Post sign and flashing light; 
The middle of passenger window sill that is between 38” and 45” from the ground and maximum interior width of 56”; 
Fifth door / hatchback to allow for oversized and bulky items to be loaded; (Preferred) 
Provide and maintain the required automobile liability insurance for the use of your vehicle 
Notify your insurance company as to the use of your vehicle while employed at Canada Post 
Have a satisfactory safe driving record 
Possess a valid permanent provincial driver’s license 
 (TEXT TO USE IF POSTAL INSTALLATION HAS LESS THAN 12 RMB DELIVERY – DELETE THIS TEXT IF NOT APPLICABLE) 
 A minimum cargo capacity of 50 cu ft (1415 liters), 100 cu ft (2832 liters) or 150 cu ft (4247 liters). 
A metal roof-top and accessory power outlet to accommodate a Canada Post sign and flashing light 
Fifth door / hatchback to allow for oversized and bulky items to be loaded (preferred). 
Provide and maintain the required automobile liability insurance for the use of your vehicle 
Notify your insurance company as to the use of your vehicle while employed at Canada Post 
 Click here to know how to measure your vehicle's cargo capacity 
 Safety Sensitive Positions 
This position may be considered a Safety Sensitive position. 
 Note: In order to be considered you will need to: 
 
 Pass a pre-employment test and an interview. 
 
 Please be aware that if selected you will be required to provide the following documents: 
 
 Your resume 
 A current driver’s abstract that is dated within the last 30 days 
 A character reference letter from someone who has known you for the past 2 years 
 
 Employment Equity 
Canada Post is committed to employment equity and encourages applications from women, Aboriginal people, persons with disabilities and visible minorities. 
 Conflict of Interest 
The Conflict of Interest Policy prohibits employees from hiring, supervising or reporting to, directly or indirectly via the reporting hierarchy, their immediate family or close personal relations. Should you feel that you may be in an actual or potential Conflict of Interest in regard to this job opportunity, you must communicate with the designated Human Resources representative. 
 Accommodation 
If you are contacted by Canada Post regarding a job opportunity or testing, please advise if you require accommodation. 
 Important Message 
Your application must clearly demonstrate how you meet the requirements as Canada Post cannot make assumptions about your education and experience. We thank all those who apply. Only those selected for further consideration will be contacted. 
 Our Values 
Canada Post’s corporate values reflect the principles, beliefs and aspirations that guide our behaviour and shape our culture. 
 Transformation – We will innovate and transform to win in the marketplace. 
Customer – We serve Canadians with pride and passion. 
Integrity – We act responsibly and with integrity. 
Respect – We treat each other with fairness and respect. 
Safety – We are committed to a safe and healthy environment for all our stakeholders. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
