Skip to Content 
 
 Getting Started 
 
 Interviews 
 
 
 How-tos 
 Career Paths 
 
 Freelance 
 Creative Careers 
 Selling Online 
 
 
 Desk & Decor 
 Search Magnifying Glass 
 
 Search for: Close Search × 
 Search Magnifying Glass 
 Search for: Close Search × 
 ](https://worksion.com "Worksion") 
 Best Jobs for Stay at Home Moms Going Back to Work 
 Posted on Last updated: January 11, 2021 By: Author  Selena Marc 
 Categories  Finding a Career 
 After having a child, it can be difficult to get back to work. Of course, it may be necessary with all of the new expenses that come with a child. Luckily, there are plenty of jobs that allow new mothers to make money while still offering enough flexibility to enjoy time with their baby. Here are some of the best career options for new mothers. 
 
 Designer 
 Some people look at a home and see all of the opportunity that it offers in the term of style and design. Design is much more than simply choosing the right pillows and furniture. 
 
 This post may have affiliate links, meaning we earn a small commission on purchases through the links (at no extra cost to you). This does not change our opinion but does help support the site. Thank you! 
 
 You will be able to show your clients how to utilize their available space in the best way and work with light to really show the home in the best way possible. Many people who work as a designer will work on a freelance basis. 
 This makes it easy to start working without taking too much time away from your child. This can also be a great job for people who enjoy shopping. A lot of the job involves going to stores and picking the right fabrics and items for a home. 
 Your results show your success, and you can use before and after picture as well as references from clients to build more and more business. As you become more in demand, you will be able to charge more. 
 Marketer 
 Every company needs to tell the public what they offer. If a company doesn't advertise in some way, no one will know to buy their product or service. As a marketer, it would be your responsibility to help advertise for your client. 
 This can be a very lucrative field depending on the effort that you put into it, because it is usually commission-based. If you get business for your client, you will get paid for your effort. 
 
 Depending on your client, you may be able to work as little or as much as you want. It is also a career that can grow as your child becomes more independent. Many people who have experience in sales, advertising, customer service, or a degree in communications do well in this field. 
 If you have natural people skills, that will also help you succeed! This field is all about communicating with people and getting them to trust you and your client's product. 
 Writer 
 Have you always enjoyed putting words to paper? There are many opportunities out therefore people who want to be a freelance writer. After a couple of evaluations, many websites allow you to write for them. 
 Other websites even allow you to apply for different jobs. You can work as often as you want, and, the best aspect for new mothers who want to stay with their children, is that you can work from home. You can work while your child naps or plays. 
 People who have a natural affinity for words or a degree in English will have the best luck in this field. Classes and seminars are always available as well. 
 Photographer 
 As a photographer, you have the opportunity to capture the most important moments in your clients' lives and package those memories forever. It's one of the most enjoyable of the careers on the list. 
 You can find a niche that you enjoy the most, such as weddings, prom, birthdays, vacations, holidays, and baby pictures, and build your own business. As a photographer, you can pick and choose which jobs you want to accept and how much you want to work. 
 
 As your child gets older and goes to school, you can open up your services even more. Many people choose to take classes to hone their skills and provide the best product possible. 
 Illustrator 
 Do you find yourself doodling on every piece of paper you have in front of you? Have you been told that your pictures are exceptional? You can look into being an illustrator! 
 Many authors need illustrators to make their books truly come to life. Many of these authors even write children's books, so you can even involve your children in the process and create something that they will enjoy! Of course, there are a number of other options including animation. 
 Animated television shows for both children and adults are exceedingly popular. You can use your skills to help make a television show or online video that could reach a large audience. In some cases, this is another option that allows you to work from home and be with your children. 
 Many people don't need official training, but you can always take classes for drawing and animation to make yourself even more desirable in the field. Being a mother is the most important job that you will ever have. 
 
 However, you can also find work in a number of other places. Look into these options to see if it will fit into your life. 
 Read more: 
 
 What Makes You Unique (And Why It Matters in Your Career!) 
 Why Is It So Hard to Find a Job? (And 3 Tips to Help) 
 What Do You Want to be When You Grow Up? 
 How to Take Teeny Baby Steps Toward Your Biggest Dreams 
 
 
  10 Best Pencil Pouches: Keeping It Organized (2021) ← Read Last Post     5 First Steps to Finding A Career You Love Read Next Post →  
 Comments are closed. 
 
 
 
 You might also like 
 
 Why Is It So Hard to Find a Job? (And 3 Tips to Help) 
 Soul Searching and Your Career: How to Find Alignment 
 9 Best Part-Time Work-From-Home Jobs 
 How to Take Teeny Baby Steps Toward Your Biggest Dreams 
 
 Affiliate Notice 
 Worksion participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we get paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive and we thank you for the support. 
 Worksion.com is also a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com. Amazon and the Amazon logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc or its affiliates. 
 Looking for something? 
 Search for: 
 Important Links 
 
 DMCA & Content Policy 
 Home 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Understanding Your Career Trajectory (& How to Change It) 
 5 Tips on How to Keep a Professional Conversation Going 
 Leaving a Job for a Better Opportunity? What to Say in Your Resume & Interviews 
 Understanding the 5Ps of Marketing: Definition and Examples 
 What to Do When You Feel Underappreciated at Work 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 Worksion |  The Wisteria  on  Trellis Framework  by  Mediavine 
