__ 
 
 
 * [](https://www.facebook.com/workdesignmag)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 Subscribe 
 
    Exploring ideas that shape the places we work. 
 
 
 Projects 
 
 
   Employee Engagement was Key to the Design of New LA Offices 
 
 
   How ASID Achieved Two Firsts From the CRE Perspective 
 
 
   West Elm's Sophisticated, Brand-Celebrating New Brooklyn Headquarters 
 
 
 Project Profiles 
 
 
 Written and Video Case Studies 
 
 
 
 
 Products 
 
   Reimagining the Furniture Selection, Specification, and Procurement Process 
   Price Modern: Multi-Faceted Services to Support Your Workplace 
   Pinnacle Sheds New Light on Creative Options to Provide Wellness in the Workplace 
 
 
 
 Expert Insights 
 
   Whine and Cheese: Change Management Isn’t Always Just About Giving Up Your Office 
   How ASID Achieved Two Firsts From the CRE Perspective 
   Workplace Wisdom from the Frontiers of Science 
 
 
 
 Tips & Trends 
 
   Whine and Cheese: Change Management Isn’t Always Just About Giving Up Your Office 
   Hold That Pen! Think Branding Before - Not After - You Sign a Lease 
   Generation Z: The Largest Percentage of Population 
 
 
 
 Premium 
 
   Being Green Has its Benefits, but Can it Also Boost Productivity? 
   How Measuring Happiness Can Revive Architecture in the Information Age 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Sodexo's Lorna Donatone Talks About the Importance of Culture When You Can't Control the Workspace 
 
 
 
 Events 
 
 
   NeoCon East 2017 in Review 
 
 
   Work Design Talk Atlanta: The Changing Nature of Work and the Workplace 
 
 
   CBRE Furniture Forum 2.0: Reimagining the Management of the Furniture Bidding Process 
 
 
 Event Calendar 
 
 
 Industry Events 
 
 
 Work Design Experiences 
 
 
 Work Design Previews and Recaps 
 
 
 
 
 CEOs Talk Workplace 
 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Interview with Kenn Fine 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Sodexo's Lorna Donatone Talks About the Importance of Culture When You Can't Control the Workspace 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Aaron Hurst on His HQ for Pragmatic Optimists 
 
 
 
 Job board 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 Career Learning Center   Reference Checking   Resume Writing   Coaching   More >> 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to Work Design JOBS 
 Resources 
 CAREER COACHING 
 Bill Voigt 
 "I have learned that people will forget what you said, people will forget what you did, but people will never forget how you made them feel." --Maya Angelou 
 How will clients benefit with you as their coach? 
 
 
 Learn to collaborate 
 
 
 Generate mutual respect 
 
 
 Transformed relationshipd with co-workers, staff, family, and clients... 
 
 
 Interviewing skills 
 
 
 What results have clients reported after working with you? 
 
 
 Regaining and renewing clarity, focus and confidence. 
 
 
 Feeling inspired and energized by honoring and building on natural strengths. 
 
 
 Overcoming analysis paralysis and taking inspired action to move forward. 
 
 
 Having a vision to work smarter, with measurable benchmarks to achieve your goals. 
 
 
 Aligning with highest values.
 What do clients say about working with you? 
 
 
 "Bill gets it! He has great insight to engage and get engagement from individuals through well thought out conversation discussion and listening to responses and comments. His interaction and communicative approach is not rhetoric but results in getting individuals to participate where they end up thinking and remembering the engagement long after it is over."  --Former co-worker 
 
 
 "Bill Voigt and Nimbus Communications provides unique insight into the communication process. By adopting this practical approach to communications you can be assured that your prospects feel understood by your sales professionals; and your sales professionals feel they are heard by your prospects. This is a win-win for everyone."  --Nimbus Sales Training Client 
 
 
 "The defining moment in Bill's process is when he hears the enlightenment and the "I get it" from his clients. It's one thing to be able to speak about your organization and how your services are defined, and another when you can wrap your message around the value that sets you apart. Bill enables companies to do that with a professional and experienced approach."  --Nimbus Coaching Client 
 
 
 "I never realized how I talked to people"  --Physician 
 
 
 "I am ready to propose to my girlfriend"  --Nimbus workshop participant 
 
 
 What are the strengths you have as a coach? 
 
 Acceptance 
 Curiosity 
 Humor 
 Ability to "Listen" 
 What is your coaching philosophy? 
 
 
 "What you say to people determines how you make them feel. Whether the purpose is to influence, to inspire or to create mutual respect. Using the right communication can transform relationships. If you are a manager, a job seeker, a physician or a friend, communicating your understanding creates a new world of possibilities." 
 
 What types of people do you typically coach? 
 
 
 Leadership who wish to be inspirational 
 
 
 Health care providers who need to collaborate in the new practice of medicine 
 
 
 Job Seekers needing to be more than their resume 
 
 
 Managers who need to engage their direct reports 
 
 
 What is your professional background? 
 
 
 Coaching experience and education:  Taught school 
 
 
 Professional background:  Three decades of using the Nimbus communication process in sales and management. Formed Nimbus Communication Consulting in 2010 
 
 
 Ready To Get Started With Bill? 
 Order online below!  |  |  |   Price USD 
 |  Three 30-Minute Coaching Sessions 
 The Career Coaching service matches individuals with a personal coach--a confidant, champion, and challenger who will help you: 
 
 Gain personalized guidance through job transitions 
 Prepare and navigate through your annual reviews 
 Leverage your behavioral and professional strengths effectively 
 Diagnose reasons for career dissatisfaction 
 Learn how to take action in networking, interviewing, and taking on new opportunities
With Career Coaching you can: 
 Learn how your behavioral style affects those you work with 
 Build a compelling value proposition for a potential employer 
 Manage change more effectively 
 Overcome hurdles that impede success 
 Sustain professional success and maintain balance 
 Get ongoing support through all phases of your career 
 
 |  Members:  $224.00 
Non Members:  $280.00 
 __Add to Cart 
---|--- 
 For assistance please call 
 1-888-491-8833 
or e-mail  [email protected] 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 
 Editorial Calendar 
 
 
 Free Email Newsletter 
 
 
 Sponsors 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Industry Roundups 
 
 
 Work Design TALKS and Events 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 
 Copyright Workspace Design Magazine, LLC DBA Work Design Magazine (2010-2018) 
 Back to top __ 
