Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Relationship Manager - Intake Program- South Surrey 
 Coast Capital Savings 
 __Surrey, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Feb 1, 2020 
 Company:  Coast Capital Savings Federal Credit Union 
 Location:  British Columbia (CA-BC), Surrey 
 Job Type:  Full-Time 
 Together, we help empower you to achieve what’s important in your life. 
 What’s the job? 
 As one of our Relationship Managers, you’ll be a Jack-of-all-trades (or Jane-of-all-trades) helping our customers with their lending and investment needs while establishing solid long-term banking relationships. Join a leader in the financial services that provides simple financial help with our innovative products and services. 
 At Coast you’ll have to the power to do what’s best for the customer. Every day. Not just Sundays. 
 What you’ll get to do: 
Get to know your member on a deeper level, no not through mind reading but by asking the right questions so you can deliver a positive and unexpected customer experience. 
Use your banking expertise to match your customer’s needs with our high quality core banking, lending and investment options. 
Rub elbows with other teams in the branch network to uncover and refer general insurance, complex investment needs, personal insurance and small business needs. 
Engage your customers in the “Where You’re at Money Chat” and maximize every opportunity to help customers manage, save, grow and protect their financial well-being. 
Help Coast change the way Canadians feel about banking, forever. 
 Who are we looking for? 
 We don’t need mathematical geniuses here, although the ability to add and subtract would be useful. Mostly we just need people with a solid understanding of credit & investment products and services and who are comfortable providing customers with simple financial help and promoting our products and services. 
 Experience helping customers in either a bank or credit union for a minimum five years, with a minimum of two years of experience where you mastered complex lending and investments, and you used your x-ray vision to spot sales and referral opportunities. 
You are excited to share with the world what you learned during your post-secondary education in finance, business administration or a related field. And you aren’t done learning; you have a desire to know more. 
You proudly hang your Investment Funds in Canada certificate in your office. 
You really like building relationships with a wide variety of people and want to help them with simple financial help. 
You are a big fan of team work and demonstrate your team spirit every day. 
You are a multi-tasking prodigy, able to efficiently and effectively prioritize and organize what needs to get done coupled with a high attention to detail. 
You are a sales pro, having regularly achieved your sales targets with one hand tied behind your back. 
 The Relationship Manager Intake program is a 4 month intense training and onboarding process and will prepare our intakes for a full-time position within a branch in our region. Branch location will not be determined until after the 4 month training program is completed. 
 Travel and flexibility is required within the region you are selected for: 
1. Surrey, Delta & White Rock 
2. Langley, Fraser Valley & Tri-Cities 
3. Vancouver, Richmond & Burnaby 
 Why join Coast Capital Savings? 
 We don’t mean to toot our own horn, but… 
 We improve Canadians’ financial well-being through providing simple financial help. 
Employees do what’s best for our members. Every day. 
We believe in being a great corporate citizen so we invest in our local communities by donating our time, money and expertise. 
Our employees take advantage of the many opportunities to grow their careers. 
Employees love having a cool place to work, which includes wearing their jeans on Fridays & Saturdays and being recognized with a virtual (and, at times, an actual) high-five. 
Our inspiring leaders help our employees develop their talents and encourage them to be their fabulous selves. 
We have a unique culture where we take our business seriously, but ourselves, not so much. 
We are a Certified B Corp®. Our certification reflects our strong commitment to social and environmental performance, accountability, and transparency. 
In 2019, we earned double kudos by being named one of BC’s Top Employers and one of Canada’s Best Managed Companies – two of the nation’s most coveted business awards, may we add. 
 Does this position inspire you? If so, apply on-line today at Coast Capital Savings. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
