Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Human Resources Manager - Grand Falls-Windsor, NL 
 HR Project Partners 
 __Newfoundland and Labrador 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description: 
 HR Project Partners is currently accepting resumes for a  Human Resources Manager  on behalf of Marathon Gold. The ideal applicant would have an Undergraduate Degree in Business with a concentration in Human Resources, personnel management or a related field or relevant background, ten (10) years of experience and in-depth knowledge of Newfoundland and Labrador labour laws, HR best practices and compliance. 
 Marathon Gold Corporation (“Marathon” or the “Company”) is engaged in the exploration and development of the Valentine Gold Project located in the central region of Newfoundland Labrador. The Valentine Gold Project (the “Project”) is currently undergoing an environmental assessment and Feasibility Study with a view to construction commencing in early 2021 and first gold production in 2023. Once in production, it will be the largest gold mine in Atlantic Canada and a major employer in the province of Newfoundland and Labrador. Marathon is a public corporation (TSX: MOZ) headquartered in Toronto, Ontario with a regional office located in Grand Falls Windsor, NL. Additional corporate and project information is available at www.marathon-gold.com. 
 This position is located in  Grand Falls-Windsor. 
 Essential Job Functions: 
 The successful candidate will be responsible for the following: 
 Operations and HR Compliance 
 
 Develop and implement HR strategies and initiatives aligned with the overall business strategy; 
 Develop Marathon’s capacity to plan, forecast and report on the outcomes of the HR strategies; 
 Develop and implement all HR processes and procedures; 
 Ensure HR best practice and legal compliance throughout human resource management; 
 Support senior management colleagues in HR strategies and decision making; 
 Develop and monitor an annual budget that includes Human Resources services, employee recognition, and work with other managers regarding community events support and similar initiatives. 
 
 Employee Relations 
 
 Bridge management and employee relations by addressing demands, grievances or other issues; 
 Support current and future business needs through the development, engagement, motivation and preservation of human capital; 
 Nurture a positive working environment. 
 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 
 Oversee and maintain the Company’s compensation and benefits programs; 
 Oversee and administer group benefits including benefit induction. Participate in liaising with benefits providers. 
 
 Recruitment and Retention 
 
 Manage employee recruitment and selection; 
 Oversee and make recommendations to the Company’s success in Talent development and succession planning. 
 
 Performance Management 
 
 Oversee and manage a performance appraisal system that drives high performance; 
 Ensures employee's duties are aligned with each job description and duties are carried out in support of the organization's policies, procedures and strategic plan; 
 Provides training to employees and/or recommendations of talent assessments to facilitate the achievement of organizational goals. 
 
 Supervisory 
 
 Manage and support a small team of internal HR staff and external HR resources. 
 
 Health and Safety 
 
 Lead and promote a culture and environment of positive health and safety practices. 
 
 Education and Experience Requirements: 
 
 Completion of an Undergraduate Degree in Business with a concentration in Human Resources, personnel management or a related field; 
 In-depth knowledge of Newfoundland and Labrador labour laws, HR best practices and compliance; 
 An equivalent level of education and 10 years industry experience, including at least 5 years in supervisory and managerial roles; 
 Experience in Human Resources management in a major industrial setting; 
 Experience with unionized and non-unionized workplaces; 
 People oriented and results driven; 
 Experience with Human Resources reporting systems and analysis metrics. 
 
 **Knowledge, Skills, & Attributes: ** 
 
 Ability to architect strategy along with leadership skills; 
 Strong ability to work under pressure and adapt to a fast-paced environment; 
 Superior organizational and time management skills; 
 Excellent communication, analytical and problem-solving skills with high attention to detail; 
 Exceptional ability to effectively deal with a variety of stakeholder requests and issues; 
 Excellent computer and keyboarding literacy; 
 Proficient in the use of MS Office Suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint). 
 
 Additional Information: 
 Marathon is committed to local hiring preferences and all applications will be considered on this basis. Marathon is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to the employment of a qualified workforce which reflects the area in which it operates. Marathon values equity and diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive workplace environment for all employees. Marathon reserves the right to hire only those candidates who are appropriately qualified for the position advertised. 
 All applications submitted will be reviewed; only those candidates who best fit the requirements will be contacted. Marathon will direct all applications to their general employment database for consideration in future employment searches. 
 Completion of background and reference checks will be conducted on those candidates asked to move forward in the recruitment process. 
 About Us: 
 HR Project Partners Inc. (HRPP) is a Human Resources consulting company offering various services in Human Resources, both to individuals and to companies. One of those services is recruitment for companies on a provincial and national basis. 
 Please apply directly to this job posting. 
 While HR Project Partners appreciates all applications we receive, we advise that only candidates under consideration will be contacted. 
 Job Type: Full-time 
 Experience: 
 
 industry: 10 years (Required) 
 supervisory: 5 years (Required) 
 Human Resources: 10 years (Required) 
 
 Education: 
 
 Bachelor's Degree (Required) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
