[ 
 Workew 
 Workew is the #1 board to find remote jobs, careers and other remote work opportunities to become digital nomad, work from anywhere and travel the world. 
 ](https://workew.com/ "Workew") Close Search for: Search 
 
 Remote Jobs 
 
 Marketing 
 Developer 
 Operations 
 Designer & UX 
 Customer Service 
 Project Mgmt 
 Sales & Biz Dev 
 Writing & Editing 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Other WFH Jobs 
 
 
 Remote Work Course 
 My account 
 
 Shopping Cart 
 
 
 More
 
 Facebook Group 
 Telegram Alerts 
 Pricing & Plans 
 Remote Health 
 Contact Us 
 Blog Posts 
 
 
 Post a Job 
 Post a Resume 
  __Facebook 
 
 Menu 
 Partner Sales Manager 
 
 
 Sales 
 Anywhere in US/Canada 🇺🇸🇨🇦 
 Posted October 2 
 Applications have closed 
 Contentsquare 
 
 Overview 
 Contentsquare is a dynamic SaaS technology startup based in New York City seeing explosive growth following $190 million of Series D funding. Recognized by Gartner as one of the four most innovative ecommerce technologies in the world, and Wired Magazine as one of Europe’s hottest startups, Contentsquare is a Digital Experience Analytics Platform helping brands to create better experiences online. 
 We work with 700+ clients globally including Unilever, L'Occitane, GoPro, Hertz, Avon and Club Med to empower their teams with behavioral insight. 
 About the role: 
 Contentsquare is looking for a Partner Sales Manager who will be a key member of our partnerships team in the Americas. In this role, you will be building the pipeline of net new logo and existing logo expansion business with our Solution Partners. You will be responsible for penetrating identified partner organizations through the relationships you will build. Also, you will be working closely with your assigned Account Executives in your assigned territory to close accounts leveraging the solution partners. In addition to sales teams, you will be collaborating with marketing and other departments in the region to grow pipeline and partner mindshare. 
 In this truly cross-functional opportunity at our high-growth company, you will take initiative and ownership when helping execute new business and partnership opportunities in the field, while being a trusted and valued resource to our teams to close sales deals. 
 We are looking for candidates based in North America (West & East Coasts). 
 What you’ll be doing: 
 
 Maintain a deep understanding of Contentsquare’s solution and be able to articulate its value proposition to partners. 
 Build and drive sales through North America by establishing strong relationships with Solution Partners. 
 Collaborate with Contentsquare’s teams, New Business sales, Existing sales, Customer Success, pre-sales, marketing and inside sales, to close large enterprise deals. 
 Develop and maintain a sales strategy and business plans, and leverage the business plan as a roadmap for a 'Go to Market' aligning to sales goals. 
 Maintain and deepen relationships with Solution Partners to create sales opportunities. 
 Achieve revenue targets and goals for the territory. 
 Maintain knowledge of our product features and able to conduct high level demo as needed. 
 
 Who we’re looking for: 
 
 You have 5-7 years of experience in channel management/partner sales and new business sales experience in marketing SaaS and relationships with leading solution partners/digital agencies that deliver analytics and insights, UX and digital experiences. 
 It’s preferred if you have a Bachelor’s degree. 
 You have an intrinsic drive to be successful, with a solid net new sales track record in exceeding assigned individual quota. 
 You have experience closing deals leveraging Solutions Partners 
 You are competitive and understand how to communicate internally and externally to drive deals forward. 
 You thrive in high-velocity environments. 
 You are collaborative and have experience working closely with sales/marketing teams. 
 
 
 Bookmark Job 
 
 Job Page Views:  151 
 Sales 
 
  Website  
  Twitter  
  Facebook  
  Instagram  
  LinkedIn  
 
 Full Time 
 More Jobs 
 Position closed? 
 Let us know . 
 Share this job: 
 
  Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Join the Remote Slack Community: 
 
 Signup today for free!  🚀 
 Related Jobs 
 
 
 
 Recruiting Coordinator 
 Shogun  Powerful page building and AB testing for eCommerce companies 
 Anywhere in US/Canada 🇺🇸🇨🇦 
 * Others
* November 20
 
 
 
 
 Demand Generation Specialist 
 Kinsta  Premium managed WordPress hosting powered by Google Cloud and LXD container technology 
 Anywhere 🌎 
 * Marketing
* October 28
 
 
 
 
 Enterprise Support Specialist 
 Loom  Faster than typing. We create simple software for you to be your most authentic self and achieve more with your team. 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 * Support
* November 24
 
 Find Your Dream Job 
 Recruiters looking for remote talent can find your resume based on keywords, job titles, skills and more. 
 Post a resume today 
 WORKEW © 2020 
 Facebook   Twitter   LinkedIn   Instagram   YouTube 
 Back to Top 
 Nomad Insurance by SafetyWing : The best travel medical insurance for freelancers & remote workers Get Insured 
