Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 ECON 27R - Economist CLOSING DATE EXTENDED 
 BC Public Service 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Economist AMENDMENT DECEMBER 14TH, 2020:  POSTING CLOSING DATE EXTENDED TO DECEMBER 22ND, 2020 
Economist R 27 
 An eligibility list may be established. 
 An excellent opportunity to apply your analytical expertise! 
 The Health Sector Information, Analysis and Reporting Division (HSIAR) sets the foundation for the delivery of high-quality health sector information, analytics and reporting. The Division leads key information management functions including data stewardship, governance, security, access, analytics and reporting, quality assurance, performance measurement and evaluations functions. HSIAR sets out to exercise effective governance over data resources, while enabling timely and secure access to data, supporting an integrated, modernized model of information sharing across the health sector. The Division leads the overarching provincial analytic strategy and approach, and performs comprehensive, integrated analytics, research and evaluation of health sector performance. To ensure a consistent and timely approach to health system evaluation and continuous improvement, the Division is responsible for the development of the overarching policy framework and monitoring of outcomes and impacts of health system policy direction. 
 The Role:  Under general direction, the Economist is responsible for conducting economic and statistical analyses including providing expertise in the development of methodologies and modeling, the coordination and integration of statistical information to support the Ministry, strategic planning and monitoring of the provincial health care system. The position provides advice to policy makers based on expertise in the areas of modeling, statistics, analysis and evaluation. The Economist conducts economic and statistical analyses, such demand and supply forecasts, policy evaluation and surgical, GI endoscopy and medical imaging wait list management and wait time predictions. 
 The capital of British Columbia, Victoria is a beautiful city, with beautiful beaches and harbours, and a variety of provincial parks to explore. Located on Vancouver Island, Victoria offers a bustling downtown scene and has a wide range of restaurants and entertainment venues to choose from. 
 The BC Public Service is an award winning employer and offers employees competitive benefits, amazing learning opportunities and a chance to engage in rewarding work with exciting career development opportunities. For more information, please see What We Offer. 
 The BC Public Service is committed to creating a diverse workplace to represent the population we serve and to better meet the needs of our citizens. Consider joining our team and being part of an innovative, inclusive and rewarding workplace. 
 For complete details about this opportunity, including accountabilities, please refer to the attached job profile. For specific position related enquiries, please contact Kevin.L.Fung@gov.bc.ca. DO NOT SEND YOUR APPLICATION TO THIS EMAIL ADDRESS. For more information about how to complete your job application, add/edit your resume and for more useful tips when applying for jobs, please refer to the Your Job Application page on the MyHR website. If you are still experiencing technical difficulty applying for a competition, please send an e-mail to BCPSA.Hiring.Centre@gov.bc.ca, before the stated closing time, and we will respond as soon as possible to assist you. 
 NOTE:  Applications will be accepted until 11:00 pm Pacific Standard Time on the closing date of the competition. 
 Job Requirements: 
In order to be considered for this position, your application must clearly demonstrate how you meet the education and experience as outlined below: 
 Master’s Degree or higher in Economics or closely related field such as statistics, commerce, or mathematics, or equivalent and 1 year of progressive, related experience*; OR 
Bachelor’s Degree in Economics or closely related field such as statistics, commerce, or mathematics and 2 years of progressive, related experience*; OR 
An equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered. 
 
 Progressive, related experience must include: 
 
 Experience analyzing complex problems. 
Experience conducting and leading major statistical/economic studies and research projects of considerable complexity. 
Experience using analytical and extraction software (e.g. SAS, SQL, Oracle or R) to extract and manipulate data and complete analyses. 
Experience preparing and presenting complex statistical and analytical analysis to both technical and non-technical audiences. 
 Preference may be given to applicants with: 
Experience in the health sector. 
Experience with data visualization software such as Power BI or Tableau. 
Experience with prediction modelling. 
 Applicants selected to move forward in the hiring process may be assessed on the Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies as outlined in the attached Job Profile located in the Additional Information section at the bottom of the posting. 
 A Criminal Record Check (CRC) will be required. 
 APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS: 
 Cover letter:  NO - Please do not submit a cover letter as it will not be reviewed. 
 Resume:  YES - A resume is required as part of your application; however, it may not be used for initial shortlisting purposes. 
 Questionnaire (COMPREHENSIVE):  YES - As part of the application process, you will be prompted to complete a comprehensive online questionnaire to demonstrate how you meet the job requirements. Please allot approximately 60 minutes to complete the questionnaire. 
 IMPORTANT:  Comprehensive questionnaire responses will be used to shortlist applicants against the job requirements. Please ensure you include all relevant information about your educational accomplishments and employment history including job titles, start and end dates (month and year) of your employment, and your accountabilities and accomplishments. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
