Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Client Service Associate 
 Fiera Capital 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Under the supervision of the Supervisor, Client Service Support, Institutional Markets, the Client Service Associate assists the Vice-presidents and Account Managers in the administrative, client support and business development activities for institutional clients. 
 KEY RESPONSIBILITIES 
 As part of your duties, you will be assigned the following responsibilities: 
 Maintain expert knowledge on the specific characteristics and features of the various portfolios for which the vice-president is responsible, with a view to responding promptly and effectively to any client requests for quantitative and qualitative information (returns/products/strategies/transactions/administration), including LDI strategies; 
Oversee the opening of new accounts by coordinating the implementation of new portfolios with the relevant departments (portfolio administration, compliance, portfolio managers, performance); 
Facilitate modifications in investment policies for each account (update appropriate systems, advise and follow-up with the Compliance department); 
Coordinate effective cash management activities (cash inflows/outflows) with appropriate internal departments; 
Record and update client contacts and other related information in appropriate CRM system; 
Review and make necessary adjustments to client quarterly reports to ensure reports are sent out in a timely manner once approval has been obtained by vice-presidents; 
Ensure that all documents presented to clients (quarterly meetings or ad hoc requests) reflect information that is both complete and of the highest quality, and are produced within the required timelines; 
Build presentations and prepare documents for quarterly client meetings as required; 
Cooperate with other members of the Institutional Markets team on common projects (special events, process enhancements, etc…) and provide back-up to other Client Service Associates when necessary. 
 EDUCATION/ACCREDITATION: 
Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration or related field; 
Enrollment or completion of CSC is an asset. 
 EXPERIENCE AND SPECIFIC SKILLS 
 Minimum of 2 to 5 years of relevant experience in a client service support function within the financial services industry; 
Previous experience providing client service support to institutional clients is preferred; 
Effective communication and interpersonal skills in English, bilingualism would be an asset; 
Thorough knowledge of the financial industry and of investment portfolios and products; 
Knowledge of LDI strategies will be considered an asset; 
Exemplary service orientation and sound judgment; 
Ability to handle multiple tasks while maintaining high degree of accuracy and attention to details; 
Autonomous, innovative, proactive and sense of urgency; 
Knowledge of CRM systems is an asset; 
Strong knowledge of Microsoft Windows (PowerPoint,Excel, Word, Outlook) 
 The use of masculine is for the sole purpose of lightening the text and refers to both women and men. 
 Fiera Capital subscribes to the principle of employment equity. Our staff is our most valuable asset and our goal is to create an inclusive and equitable environment where everyone can reach their true potential. 
 Fiera Capital will not tolerate any form of discrimination or harassment. All staffing decisions, including hiring and promotion decisions, will be based on merit, skills, performance and business needs. We are pleased to receive nominations from qualified individuals from a variety of backgrounds. 
 We thank all applicants for their interest in a career with Fiera Capital. We will only communicate with those selected for an interview. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
