Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Advisor Service Representative 
 Canada Life Assurance Company 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description: 
We are Canada Life 
 Being a part of Canada Life means you have a voice. This is a place where your unique background, perspectives and talents are valued, and shape our future success. 
 You can be your best here. You’re part of a diverse and inclusive workplace where your career and well-being are championed. You’ll have the opportunity to excel in your way, finding new and better ways to deliver exceptional customer and advisor experiences. 
 Together, as part of a great team, you’ll deliver on our shared purpose to improve the well-being of Canadians. It’s our driving force. Become part of a strong and successful company that’s trusted by millions of Canadians to do the right thing. 
 Be your best at Canada Life. 
 We are looking for an Advisor Service Representative 
 We have an exciting opportunity to join our Quadrus team! Advisor Service Representatives provide aligned support to Advisors concerning our mutual fund dealer (Quadrus) policies and procedures. This is a service-oriented role, with no sales component. If you are looking for an opportunity to build trusted relationships with our internal partners and put your financial knowledge to good use, this role is for you! 
 Our hours of operation are Monday to Friday, 8:45am to 5:00pm. That’s right, no late evenings or weekends! We are seeking candidates who have completed courses through the Investment Funds Institute of Canada or the Canadian Securities Course. 
 What you will do 
 Responding to inquiries from Quadrus representatives and clients via phone, fax and e-mail 
Providing explanation of Quadrus processes and education on use of Investment Centre technology and other tools and resources 
Communicating sensitive processing issues to representatives, to ensure prompt resolution 
Acting as liaison between Quadrus representatives and fund companies and internal partners 
Investigating complaints and issues, including research with fund companies 
Achieving service standards and working to ensure compliance with National Instruments 
Building rapport with advisors and their local leaders and field contacts 
 What you will bring 
 Completion of IFIC or Canadian Securities Course 
Persistence in ensuring prompt resolution of customer concerns 
Strong verbal and written communication skills 
Strong analytical and problem-solving abilities 
Able to manage multiple tasks while prioritizing and managing deadlines 
A team player with the ability to work independently 
Good coping skills and tolerance of ambiguity 
Bilingual (French/English) an asset 
 Be your best at Canada Life- Apply today 
 Canada Life serves the financial security needs of more than 13 million people across Canada, with additional operations in Europe and the United States. As members of the Power Financial Corporation group of companies, we’re one of Canada’s leading insurers with interests in life insurance, health insurance, investment and retirement savings. We offer a broad portfolio of financial and benefit plan solutions for individuals, families, businesses and organizations. 
 We are committed to providing an inclusive, accessible environment, where all employees and customers feel valued, respected and supported. We are dedicated to building a workforce that reflects the diversity of the communities in which we live, and to creating an environment where every employee has the opportunity to reach their potential. 
 Canada Life would like to thank all applicants, however only those who qualify for an interview will be contacted 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
