  
 
 Elisa 300 & 500 
 Awarded design for Loewenstein medical. 
 zur Casestudy 
 DE  EN  中文  
 
 Services 
 
 360° Design 
 Product 
 Brand 
 
 
 Work 
 About 
 
 Team 
 Awards 
 Clients 
 Locations 
 Join Us 
 News 
 
 
 Blog 
 Contact 
 
 
 Industrial Designer 
 WE SEEK FORWARD THINKERS. WHO ARE INVINCIBLE AS A TEAM. 
 Creative minds put together make more than a genius. It's our culture. With the competence for complex problems, "thinking from the user's perspective", we experience daily how powerful and satisfying our work is. You are important, you can change the future. We need you! 
 Welcome to our german team 
 Your new Job 
 We are looking for an Industrial Designer to join our Team in Gelsenkirchen. 
 You will be creating physical products, ideas and experiences for a range of international clients focussing in the medical sector. You will be part of an international team of designers with flat hierarchies, flexible worktime and a respectful and creative culture. 
 What do we expect from you? 
 
 A degree in Industrial Design or equivalent with a strong focus on product development 
 2+ years of professional design experience 
 Ability to work as part of a dynamic team, while taking responsibility for individual tasks 
 Ability to convey ideas through sketches, storyboards and other skills 
 Creativity is fundamental 
 Passionate about design 
 Understanding of design for manufacturing 
 Participation in strategic design thinking 
 Detail-orientated 
 Excellent SolidWorks and Keyshot skills 
 Fluent in visual design tools, such as Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign 
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills in German are a must 
 Great communication skills in English are required 
 Interest to work across multiple sectors 
 Able to work in Germany 
 
 How to apply 
 Please note, applications that do not follow these steps will not be reviewed: 
 
 Apply with your CV and Portfolio (not larger than 10MB) to jobs@wilddesign.de 
 Please title the email with the job position and your name 
 Within the introduction email, clearly state your availability 
 
 Contact 
 Adress your application to 
 Markus Wild, CEO 
 jobs(at)wilddesign.de 
 We are looking forward to knowing you! 
 Locations 
 Ruhr Area 
 Munich 
 Shanghai 
 Hong Kong 
 Competences 
 360° Design 
 Industrial Design 
 Medical-Design 
 Usability / GUI-Design 
 Design-Engineering 
 Intercultural Branding 
 Innovation Management 
 Social Media 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Newsletter 
 Interested in regular exciting WILDDESIGN updates?  Simply sign up for our newsletter … 
   join our newsletter 
 Wilddesign Blog 
 WILDDESIGN Blog 
 
  Thinking Ahead Project 4 | infusion stand: Ivy  
  Challenging project risks – with the WILDQARDS No. 5  
  Thinking Ahead Project 6 | AlliGo. What to do when an anaphylactic shock occurs?  
  30 years of WILDDESIGN  
 
 Sitemap  |  Imprint  |  Privacy Statement  | All Rights Reserved. 
 © 2021 WILDDESIGN 
 × 
 Get our chinese newsletter 
 Want the latest and greatest from our blog straight to your inbox?  Simply sign up! 
 Yes, I subscribe to the Wilddesign China Newsletter and I expressly agree that my data will be sent to WILDDESIGN Shanghai Co. LTD. in China. I have seen and agree to the  Privacy Policy . 
 × 
 Newsletter registration 
 We have sent you an email with confirmation link. 
Please also check the  spam folder. 
