the career guide 
 
 About 
 Contact Us 
 Top Comanies Hiring 
 
 Just another WordPress.com site 
 Archive for the 'Foundation for a New Job' Category 
 How to Get a Job Before It's Posted 
 
 "Who says you can only apply for a job when a company is looking?" said  Ron Karr , author of  'Lead, Sell, or Get Out of the Way .' "You shouldn't wait for a  job opening  to apply for a position. You may find better luck in applying for a position before it opens." 
 "Think about it. The moment a job opportunity is posted, you and hundreds if not thousands of people are pouncing on the opportunity. With this kind of stiff competition, how do you separate yourself from the competition?" said Karr, who helps companies create high-performance sales cultures. 
 Karr said you don't have to be a psychic to anticipate a job opening. The trick is to use the same principle he urges sales professionals to use when selling their products and services. He tells salespeople the best time to sell something is when the customer says there is no need. 
 "Just because there is no need doesn't mean there is no opportunity. Successful salespeople don't concentrate on selling 'me too' type products. They find out what needs are not being met and then create a compelling reason for the customer to act," Karr said. 
 Mother knows best 
 Karr learned this concept at his mother's knee. A well-known economist and thought leader in her day, Miriam Karr rose through the ranks of Chase Manhattan Bank as a vice president running their Counter Trade Group. She created the department when she saw a challenge that needed to be addressed -- getting third world countries to pay off their outstanding debt to U.S. banks. By helping these countries find buyers for their products, the bank was paid a commission that went to the bottom line as payback for those loans. Karr says his mother excelled in maintaining her value to the organization by creating opportunities out of problems. 
 "So if you need to look for a job or switch positions, how about speaking to company owners and executives about the gaps they have and issues they are looking to resolve. Who knows, maybe you are the solution they have been looking for all along but never put out a  job posting  for," said Karr. 
 Think small, go big 
 Karr said that small-business entrepreneurs can act faster and sometimes act out of impulse if they are sold on a compelling reason. Bigger organizations are more stringent and adhere to budgets. But, Karr added, "No matter the size of the organization, if you present a compelling reason, they will be interested. The compelling reason is not about how great you are. It's about the needs they are trying to address and how you can do that for them." 
 He continued: "One last thing. If you get someone really jazzed about a concept of using you to fill a gap, they may just hire you vs. create a position and post it on the board. By being the visionary, you are showing your expertise and proving you are the best person suitable for the job. You are the expert. When this happens, there is no other competition." 
 Karr did provide one bit of caution: No approach works all of the time. "But if you don't try it, you will never know," he noted. "Plus, this strategy gives you an additional avenue to look at vs. the highly competitive road often taken by people  looking for a job ." You can get three free chapters of his book by going to his website,  ronkarr.com/leadsellbook . 
 
 By  Lisa Johnson Mandell  for AOL Jobs 
 
 Enhance your Career with Microsoft Office Specialist MOS - get $68,600+ Salary/year visit  http://www.ComputerTipsnTricks.com/cert_ms_MOS.htm  or visit  http://www.ComputerTipsnTricks.com/ITcert.htm 
 Category: 
 Foundation for a New Job ,  Four Reasons You May Not Be Getting the Job ,  How to Get a Job Before It's Posted ,  Job Openings ,  Job Strategies ,  Job-hunting ,  Job-Seeker Tips ,  Jobs 
 2011 Employment and Salary Outlook … 
 
 Signs the job market is improving are everywhere, but without a big jolt of shockingly good economic news, it may be hard to believe employment could pick up in 2011. 
 Positive hiring trends at year-end 2010 included: 
 
 10 consecutive months of  private-sector employment gains . 
 The most optimistic  corporate hiring trends  in more than two years. 
 An expected  3 percent increase in college hiring  over 2010. 
 
 Despite those positive hiring trends, economists are still painting a dim picture of the 2011 job market because US companies aren’t creating enough jobs to employ everyone in America who’s unemployed. 
 What’s more, any brightening in the employment outlook will draw back into the job market millions of discouraged workers who stopped looking for work during the recession. 
 “We have 500,000 people that have dropped out of the workforce in California alone,” says Jeffrey Michael, PhD, director of the  Business Forecasting Center  at the University of the Pacific in Stockton, California. “As the job market improves, they’re going to be coming back in, so it’s going to continue to be difficult to find work.” 
 Marisa Di Natale, a director of Moody’s Analytics, agrees. “Our forecast is that job growth will continue, but 2011 is still going to be a tough year,” she says. “It will take until 2012 to see significant enough job growth to put a dent in overall unemployment, which will peak at 10 percent in the third quarter of 2011.” 
 Hiring Outlook Better for Skilled Workers 
 While many organizations are waiting to pull the trigger on hiring until the economy’s turnaround solidifies, selective hiring will get under way in early 2011, says Mark Szypko, managing director at Salary.com, which powers  Monster’s Salary Wizard . “More calls will be coming in from recruiters, and job boards will be filling up as organizations [look] to fill the pipeline for when it is time to start hiring,” he says. 
 Among the more promising hiring trends: improving prospects for science and tech workers, Michael says. “We’ll see better growth in  technical fields  related to computers and engineering,” he predicts. 
 He also predicts some job growth in  food service  and  retail  -- two sectors in which workers can’t be replaced by lower-cost overseas laborers or technology advances. 
 The best 2011 employment bets nationally will be anything involving aging, disease, economic recovery or education, says Kathryn Foster, PhD, director of the University at Buffalo’s  Regional Institute . “If you’re able and interested in working with older people, there are going to be a lot of job openings,” she says. “The number of people choosing to go into gerontologic fields hasn’t kept up with demand.” 
 Poor Hiring Outlook for Some Sectors 
 However, the hiring outlook for some industries will continue to be bleak throughout 2011. 
 The construction industry has shed millions of employees -- from unskilled laborers to highly skilled architects and engineers. “We’ve bottomed out in housing,” Michael says. “We’ll see some job growth [there] in 2012 and 2013. But the pool of unemployed workers with construction skill sets is so large that even double-digit growth won’t be sufficient to mop up the pool of unemployed laborers.” 
 Foster advises staying away from traditional construction and manufacturing, as well as production jobs in utilities and transportation. 
 Salary Projections for 2011 
 Reports from a number of salary experts, including Aon Hewitt, indicate that while companies plan to increase their overall salary budgets by 2.8 percent in 2011, they won’t be spreading the wealth evenly. 
 “Most organizations still seem to be focused on ensuring that the increased dollars are spent wisely,” Szypko says. “Getting an increase is no longer an entitlement. Getting a bonus is no longer an entitlement. If you want a raise or a bonus you need to move into the upper echelon of performers within your organization.” 
 Unemployment Extension 
 If you’re currently unemployed, there is one ray of sunshine for you in 2011: Congress voted to extend unemployment benefits through the year. 
 
 By  Dona DeZube, Monster Finance Careers Expert 
 
 If you are serious about your professional career and want to pass your IT Certification exam in first attempt and don't want to waste your precious time and money then visit  http://www.ComputerTipsnTricks.com/ITcert.htm  for Free Practice Exams, Free Study Material / Books etc. 
 Category: 
 2011 Employment and Salary Outlook ,  Foundation for a New Job ,  Get Hired ,  Hiring Trends for 2011 ,  Job Openings ,  Job Strategies ,  Job-hunting ,  Job-Seeker Tips ,  Jobs 
 Negotiate a higher salary in 2011? It’s possible. 
 
 If you’re currently employed and are wondering about next year’s salary, brace yourself. We’re about to say something you don’t usually hear: The economy is working in your favor. 
 According to a recent CareerBuilder survey, 31 percent of employers are willing to negotiate salary increases with their current employees next year. Could this be tied to the fact that 43 percent of employers are concerned that their best workers are going to pick up and bolt as soon as the economy improves and more businesses are hiring? 
 The fear of losing in-demand workers does seem to factor in to how much negotiating your boss is willing to do. At least, the industries with high demands are the ones with the most wiggle room. When it comes to negotiating with current employers in 2011, who’s willing to talk it out? 
 
 45 percent of IT employers 
 41 percent of professional and business services employers 
 39 percent of retail employers 
 38 percent of sales employers 
 
 If you’re looking for a new job, don’t think your salary has been left out in the cold. Half of employers will leave some room for negotiation when they make a job offer to a new employee. And 21 percent of employers are willing to extend multiple offers to the same candidate, so some job seekers have more room to play hardball. 
 What should you expect? 
 Just because employers are willing to negotiate salaries, don’t assume you’re going to get a raise just by saying, “More money, please!” Before your boss can consider giving you a raise, you need to give him or her a reason to do so. When asked what you can do to improve your chances of getting a fatter paycheck, employers cited these methods as the most effective: 
 
 Cite specific accomplishments 
 Present the salary range you want and be able to justify it 
 Display an understanding of what’s important to the company 
 Bring your past performance reviews with you 
 
 If you walk into the meeting with enough preparation, you’ll hopefully walk out of it with a higher salary. However, not all bosses are in the position to offer higher salaries. Your boss might be on your side and think you’re worth the extra money, but the higher ups won’t put any extra dollars in the budget. That’s when you and your boss can shift your focus to other perks. Remember, compensation includes more than just a dollar amount, although everyone loves a hefty paycheck. 
 If they can’t offer you more money, surveyed bosses are willing to extend other offers to you in hopes of keeping you satisfied. These perks are the most popular you’re likely to receive in lieu of a higher salary: 
 
 More flexible hours 
 Bonuses 
 Training 
 Vacation 
 Most casual dress code 
 
 Although salaries probably won’t skyrocket in 2011 and employers continue to be cautiously optimistic about the economy, take heart that bosses are willing to have these conversations at all. In worse climates, think 2008, bosses had layoffs on their minds, not salary negotiations. So let’s hope this is the beginning of a trend to higher paychecks in the future. 
 
 By  Anthony Balderrama 
 Category: 
 Business ,  Career ,  Career Plannig ,  Foundation for a New Job ,  Get Hired ,  Job Strategies ,  Job-Seeker Tips ,  Negotiate a higher salary in 2011 ,  Salary Negotiation Techniques ,  salary negotiations 
 A Guide to the Best Retirement Jobs 
 More and more people are deciding to put off their retirement, usually due to economic necessity. Social Security doesn't provide a lavish lifestyle after all generally just enough to avoid abject poverty. Some workers have seen their expected pensions fail to come through when their employers went under. Some have had downturns in the  stock market  or other  investments  take a bite out of what was supposed to provide a comfortable retirement. 
 Some older workers are lucky enough to already have a job, and so they simply choose to hold onto it. But there are also many people in their 50s, 60s, and even beyond who are on the job market, unemployed but looking. 
 Some of these people were already retired or semi-retired, but have decided to "unretire," because they're having trouble making ends meet. Or in some cases older people return to the work force simply because they're bored and looking for a more productive, fulfilling way to spend their time. 
 Jobs for people over 50 are sometimes called "retirement jobs," though perhaps "alternative-to-retirement jobs" would be more fitting. 
 For those seniors and soon-to-be seniors who are on the job market, for whatever reason, here are some avenues to consider: 
 1. Self-employment 
Sometimes the most promising route for an older person is not to try to convince someone else to hire them, but to start an enterprise of their own. With decades of life experience and work experience, an older person likely has many skills that could be the foundation for their own business. 
 This can be a traditional brick and mortar business, but doesn't have to be. There is also money to be made through eBay and the Internet, or a booth at a farmers market or street fair. Someone who does crafts, sewing, freelance writing,  gardening  or small scale farming, etc. can take advantage of numerous outlets to sell their wares, and not have to worry about satisfying an employer. 
 2. Consulting 
 A specific form of self-employment is consulting. Someone who spent a long career in a certain field, but is no longer working full time in it, could be an ideal consultant for that field. This is a great way to put accumulated knowledge to work in assisting those following in one's footsteps. 
 3. Sticking around one 's last job 
Whether by the employer's choice or the employee's choice, there are times an older worker isn't destined to remain in their present job. However, this needn't be an all or nothing thing. According to a study by Cornell University, 75% of employers report that they would be willing to keep their older employees at reduced hours who otherwise would be leaving their employ entirely. 26% would allow those part time employees to retain their health benefits, and 40% would allow them to start drawing their pension if they kept working part time past retirement age. 
 Most of these employers, though, don't make this known unless the subject comes up, and most workers don't know to inquire about such an option when they step down from their full time position. 
 4. Online job search engines 
Older workers, just like anyone else on the job market, have nearly endless resources available online nowadays. Sites like  Monster ,  Career Builder , and  Craigslist  post thousands if not millions of available jobs. These and other sites also have areas to post resumes so one can be found by potential employers instead of having to find them, as well as articles, posting forums, etc. to help with all stages of job hunting. 
 But in addition to the well-known generic job sites, there are many job search engines that serve specifically older workers. Worth checking out are  Retirement Jobs  and  Workforce 50 . 
 There are also plenty of relevant resources at the  AARP  site, which has a whole section devoted to older people in the work force, with material on job hunting, starting a business, the rights of older workers, and more. 
 By  Philo Gabriel  __ 
 
 You should be well equipped with these most in-demand I.T Certifications/Exams, Before searching any job, Visit  http://www.ComputerTipsnTricks.com/ITcert.htm 
 Category: 
 Best Retirement Jobs ,  Foundation for a New Job ,  Future Jobs ,  Get Hired ,  Job Strategies ,  Job-hunting ,  Job-Seeker Tips ,  Jobs 
 100+ Great Places to Find Real Jobs 
 
 Despite the current recession, there are plenty of companies in a variety of fields looking for qualified employees. Here are over 100 sites for job listings, resume reviews, networking and more. 
 Whether you’re in the tech world, a teacher, translator; in the United States or abroad, these sites will help you launch a modern day job hunt. 
 What sites and tools have you found most valuable in your last or current job hunt? Let us know in the comments! 
 
 Blogging & Writing Jobs 
 
 AboutFreelanceWriting.com  – Offers helpful tips about being a freelance writer as well as posts summaries of the latest writing jobs. 
 BloggerJobs.biz  – Has both open jobs from established sites and the ability for people to post “For Hire” listings. 
 FreelanceWritingGigs.com  – Mixes listings for freelance jobs for both the Web and print with tips on improving your writing. 
 Jobs.ProBlogger.net  – Darren Rowse’s Problogger has a jobs board filled with quality, paid blogging positions available from around the Web. 
 JournalismJobs.com  – Offers listings for all sorts of journalism jobs from blogging to television. 
 WritersWeekly.com  – A weekly online e-zine that has numerous job listings for regular jobs as one-off projects. 
 
 College Undergrads and Graduates 
 
 Alumwire.com  – Alumwire is free to alumni and will help with job searching, recruiting, career enhancement, and more features such as a resume database. 
 CoolWorks.com  – Perfect for college students, this site offers job listings for summer and seasonal jobs at national parks and resorts. 
 VentureLoop.com  – Provides internship listings for students at certain schools and has job listings you can search by country or occupation for the tech community. 
 
 Domestic Assistance 
 
 BabySitters.com  – BabySitters.com is just what it sounds like, a place for parents to find babysitters. You can list your services, be reviewed by them, and then start booking jobs. Has been featured on  Good Morning America  and in  Oprah Magazine  as a good way to earn extra money. 
 Care.com  – Care.com does background checks and assists people with finding babysitters, nannies, elderly care givers, tutors, house sitters and more. 
 HireAHelper.com  – The site helps you sign up as a mover, cleaner, lawn & garden helper or day laborer, then lets you post your availability and get hired by people in your area. 
 NannyAvailable.com  – Site built specifically for matching nannies, au pairs, babysitters and more with families looking for help. 
 
 Educational 
 
 AtoZTutoring.com  – A site exclusively for in-home tutoring as opposed to online. 
 BookALesson.com  – Site for instructors of specialties like music and many varied sports. Helps you automatically book appointments and let people see when you have open slots in your calendar. 
 Find-Guru.com  – Allows you to list your tutoring abilities for any sort of subject from basic math to computer networking. 
 Jobs4Tutors.com  – Site looks for more than just tutoring, but also assessments, evaluation, and mentoring. 
 TakeLessons.com  – Company providing lessons for all kinds of musical instruments and singing, looking for instructors in over 400 cities. 
 TeachStreet.com  – Site for teachers of all kinds of lessons from schoolwork to sports, music and more. 
 TutorLinker.com  -Allows parents to easily search for tutors around their area and compare them against one another, which makes it essential for the tutors to be competitive. 
 TutorNation.com  – Site will help you with training and certification and then you can start taking on students. 
 Tutorz.com  -A nationwide search enabling students and tutors to connect. 
 WiziQ.com  – Site for helping tutors to find students from anywhere in the world while providing online classrooms for you to use. 
 
 Technical and Design Jobs 
 
 37signals.com  – A job board from the well known 37signals that features listings for programmers, designers, executives and even iPhone app developers. 
 AuthenticJobs.com  – Companies looking for all kinds of designers, from full-time to freelance. 
 CompanyMeetCreative.com  – Site offering part-time, freelance, and contract job offerings for creative types in Web fields. 
 CoNotes.com  – CoNotes specializes in jobs at Internet startups. 
 Coroflot.com  – Designers can sign up to host portfolios of their work as well as browse job listings. 
 Dice.com  – Allows you to search based on job title, skills or location for tech industry related jobs. 
 ejob.com  – Specific to jobs in and around Silicon Valley for the tech set. 
 Elance.com  -Elance features jobs from all different divisions of Web operations from design up to administration. 
 FreshWebJobs  – Full-time and freelance web developer jobs. 
 GetAFreelancer.com  – Locate freelance jobs in just about every web technical field. 
 HotStartupJobs.com  – An Aggregator of startup listings from various sites around the Web. You can read a lengthier review of HotStartupJobs  here on Mashable . 
 ITLance.com  – A job site for designers, administrators, and more. Jobs are clearly marked as full-time or freelance for easy browsing. 
 JobFloat.com  – The jobs here focus primarily on design, but there are also some technical ones as well. 
 Jobpile  – Aggregates jobs from numerous tech focused boards to let you search them all at once. 
 JobsAndGigs.com  – Color coded results show you which are jobs and which are gigs for design and development, features customized RSS feeds. 
 Krop.com  – Helps the creative and technology communities with job listings throughout the US. 
 LimeExchange.com  – Allows you to build a profile to help you promote yourself and then you can bid on the tech jobs that get posted. 
 Mashable Jobs  – Yes, our very own jobs board featuring social media, technical, and web-related jobs. 
 MostHired.com  – Aggregates web jobs from various sources to ease your browsing. 
 NeoHire.com  – You can add multiple jobs to your “bucket” and apply to all of your saved ones. Focused primarily on California tech related jobs. 
 nPost.com  – Offers numerous job listings as well as interviews with hundreds of people at startups telling you what their company is about, and what they look for in an employee. 
 oDesk.com  – Thousands of freelance jobs that are either hourly rate or fixed price in all sorts of technical fields from simple data entry to VoIP development. 
 OdinJobs.com  – Tries to match you with the “right” IT job by language processing instead of keywords. Also turns your resume into a live document so it can be indexed by search engines. 
 RealWebJobs.com  – Focuses on coding jobs with a heavy concentration it seems on jobs in Canada. 
 SearchWebJobs.com  – Tech jobs browsable by full-time, part-time, freelance, or just do a search for the ones that interest you. 
 StartupAgents.com  – A free service where you can set up a profile about yourself and try to find the company that best matches you. 
 StartupJobs.biz  – Allows you to search for startup jobs by occupation or job type. 
 Startuply.com  – Browse by job type at Web 2.0 and startup companies. 
 StartupZone.com  – Not only does it allow you to search jobs by occupation and location, you can also see what stage of funding they are in. 
 WebProJobs.com  – Focuses on full-time and freelance positions for design, copywriting, marketing and more. 
 
 General Job Sites 
 
 ActiveHire.com  – Provides you with the ability to add your resume, use their resume builder, receive emails about new jobs, or just do a regular search through their current listings. 
 Careerbuilder.com  – Besides offering job search tools, they also offer services such as a career test, ways to distribute your resume, career advice and more. 
 Craigslist.org  – Quickly becoming the world’s classified section, the well-known Craigslist allows you to select your city and search for jobs in your area. 
 FevQ.com  – A no nonsense job site that allows you to first pick your industry and then go down to the state you are looking to work in. 
 Job.com  – Offers tools such as resume building and a career test in addition to job searches. 
 Jobbi.com  – Search for jobs, post video resumes and fill out one application that can be submitted to multiple companies. 
 JobDig.com  – Focuses on employment, training and opportunities in a handful of states in the USA, but is adding more. 
 Jobfox.com  – Allows you to tell them about yourself in a mini-interview and then they offer up the jobs they think you are best suited for. 
 Jobing.com  – Enter your zip code and you will be directed to local job sites in your general vicinity. 
 JobSearchEasy.com  – Besides providing job searches by state and category, Job Search Easy also provides tools such as resume critiques, salary calculator, career test and more. 
 Jobster.com  – A general job site with listings in all of the major categories. Allows you to post your resume and promote yourself. 
 Locanto.com  – Classified ads for all the major cities in the United States with sections dedicated to employment. 
 Monster.com  – Probably the best known of the career sites, Monster allows you to search for jobs, post your resume, sign up for job fairs and more. 
 RealMatch.com  – Fill in a profile and within minutes you will start seeing jobs that you are best suited for. 
 Yahoo HotJobs  – Yahoo’s job site allows you to browse by category, location, the top 100 companies and more. 
 YorZ.com  – All jobs are reviewed for quality and then placed into groups for easier browsing. 
 
 Job Listing Aggregators 
 
 FlipDog.com  – Aggregates job listings from several sites and then allows you to browse and search by category, location, industry and more. 
 GetTheJob.com  – Aggregates job listings from company job boards. Many of the listings never make it to standard job sites. 
 Indeed  – Searches numerous job sites, newspapers, associations and company career pages to provide nearly a million job listings in one location. 
 Jobster.com  – Allows you to post your resume, search numerous listings and set up job alerts to be delivered to your email. 
 LinkUp.com  – As opposed to other job aggregating sites, LinkUp monitors the job pages of company websites and gets their listings directly from the sources. 
 SimplyHired.com  – Search millions of jobs by keywords or location, or for the brave you can just browse by industry. 
 WorkTree.com  – Job search engine that aggregates job listings from numerous sources all in one search. 
 
 International 
 
 Agency-Seeker.co.uk  – A UK based site that aids you in locating the best employment agency for your chosen work sector. 
 AllTheTopBananas.com  – A UK-based job aggregator that gathers jobs from recruitment agencies, job boards and employers. Allows you to search based on location, upload your resume and more. 
 AsiaWired.com  – A site focusing on technical jobs all throughout Asia. 
 Bokrin.com  – A worldwide classifieds site that allows you to look for part-time and full-time work in various industries. 
 Eluta.ca  – A Canadian job site that attempts to index all of the job listings in the country. 
 FuseJobs.co.uk  – Fuse Jobs focuses on entry level jobs in and around London, England. 
 iHipo.com  – A social network with the goal of connecting students and young professionals with employers around the globe for jobs and internships. 
 JobIsJob.com  – A site for job listings in Austria, Germany, Ireland, Italy and the United Kingdom. 
 JobNeters.com  -A UK based job site aggregates ads from around the web. 
 Nushio.com  – Provides job searching for Canada, India, the United Kingdom and the United States. 
 Probook.ca  – Professional networking site for Canada. 
 Recruit.net  – Allows you to search for millions of jobs in places like Australia, Hong Kong, India and more. 
 Workcircle.com  – Aggregates job listings from job boards, employers and agencies all across the UK. 
 Workopolis.com  – Billed as Canada’s biggest job site, Workopolis has job listings for everything from entry level to full-time positions. 
 Zubka.com  – A job site based in the UK that lets you look for jobs, and if you find one a friend may be a good fit for, you can earn money for referring them. 
 
 General Tools 
 
 Climber.com  – Allows you to research companies, jobs, salaries, connect to recruiters anonymously and more. 
 Inovahire.com  – A job site that is unique in that it also allows employers and potential hires to conduct interviews via web conference. 
 InteractiveApplicant.com  – Allows you to not only upload your resume, but also answer questions with audio, video or text. 
 InterviewBest.com  – Helps you practice for interviews as well as aids you in preparing a physical presentation about yourself. 
 JibberJobber.com  – JibberJobber assists you in managing your job search or in your already existing career. 
 JobBoardReviews.com  – With the number of job boards out there, it can be a bit overwhelming. JobBoardReviews helps you figure out which boards are best suited to your needs. 
 LinkedIn.com  – LinkedIn brings the “networking” back to social networking in the truest sense. Find your current and past co-workers, get them to recommend you, put up your resume and a whole lot more. 
 LiveSalary.com.au  – A site for Australians to compare their salaries amongst Australian employers. 
 Salary.com  – Software for individuals and companies alike to figure out fair salaries. 
 SalaryBase.com  – A tool for figuring out how much your salary is worth by plugging in data about yourself. 
 SalaryScout.com  – Allows you to easily see if the salary you are being offered is as good as you think it is. 
 VirtualJobCoach.com  – Has all the tools you need for a successful job hunt. Get a calendar, to-do list, resume & cover letter wizard and more. 
 
 Resume Tools 
 
 Emurse.com  – Allows you to build an online version of your resume and host it on a Web page to share with potential employers. 
 HowToWriteAResume.net  – Create your resume online from their system and also store it online with them for free. 
 hResume Creator  – A simple form to help you create an online resume in the hResume Microformat. 
 JukeDuke.com  – Allows you to create an online portfolio and resume that you can share with potential employers. 
 Razume.com  – Allows you to upload your resume, black out your contact info, and get feedback from other members on how to improve your document. 
 VisualCV.com  – A free service for building a secure online resume that lets you share different versions with employees, coworkers, friends and so on. You can include video, samples of your best work and so on. 
 
 Miscellaneous 
 
 BeyondMotherhood.com  – A job listing site directed squarely at women who want to be known for more than just being mothers. 
 FindLaw.com  – Allows lawyers to sign up and then potential clients can locate attorneys in their area to fit their needs. 
 FlexJobs.com  – A site that screens work-at-home and telecommuting jobs so you are only looking at legitimate offers. 
 LatPro.com  – Job site focused on bilingual and Hispanic hires. 
 Layoffspace.com  – A social network for unemployed persons to share resources, register for job fairs and more. 
 MoneyBackJobs.com  – You can create a profile about yourself as well as upload your resume. If you accept a job through their site, you will receive a cash back bonus. 
 OneHourTranslation.com  – Are you fluent in more than one language? Feel the urge to translate random text on a quick turn-around? This may be the job for you. 
 ProZ.com  – Find freelance work as a language translator if you speak multiple languages. 
 SkillWho.com  – A mixture of social networking and jobs board that allows you to list what skills you have, or what skills you are looking for, and connect for jobs and professional networking. 
 TalentDatabase.com  – Job site specifically for creative types such as artists, actors, comedians, dancers, musicians and many more. 
 TalentSpring.com  – Allows you to upload your resume or import your LinkedIn profile, get a rating, and then they unlock potential employers you are suited for. 
 TwitHire.com  – A tool for people to post jobs they know of in a simplified format to be posted on Twitter. All of them are collected on this site for easy browsing by people who are job hunting. 
 WhoToTalkTo.com  – Site for posting job leads so that people can apply for the job you just left or even post that you can give people advice for getting hired at your company. 
 WorkNT.com  – Professional networking mixed with the ability to also search for jobs and possible employees. 
 YourOnRamp.com  – A site focused on women who are in career transition. Allows you to search for jobs and also provides forums for you to discuss being a woman in the business world. 
 
 By   Sean P. Aune  for Mashable Jobs 
 
 You should be well equipped with these most in-demand I.T Certifications/Exams, Before searching any job, Visit  http://www.ComputerTipsnTricks.com/ITcert.htm 
 Category: 
 100 Great Places to Find Real Jobs ,  Best-Paying Jobs For College Graduates ,  Career ,  Career - Jobs in 2010 ,  Career Plannig ,  Foundation for a New Job ,  Get Hired ,  Job-hunting 
 10 Ways the 2020 Workplace Will Work For You 
 The workplace of 2020 is an exciting one, filled with changes specifically designed to benefit the future employee. Workers of tomorrow can look forward to more employee development and advancement opportunities than at any time in the past 30 years. How you develop your work skills today could lead to a big pay-off in the 2020 workplace. 
 Ten factors that will impact the 2020 workplace: 
 1. Demographics. 
 What it is:  By 2020, the American workplace population will be more diverse: 63 percent white, 30 percent Latino, and 50 percent female. Four or even five generations, from Boomers to Generation 2020, will be working at once. 
 How it helps you:  Companies going global will need to incorporate the experiences and backgrounds of a diverse workforce. Teams will be built up of workers of different gender, race and generation -- and even workers of different nations. 
 2. Rise of business ethics 
 What it is:  Companies that once only operated for profit will place new emphasis on the importance of their people, as well as the impact their existence has on the planet. The new bottom line will incorporate profit, people and planet. 
 How it helps you:  An emphasis on doing good means companies will strive to be environmentally friendly. Plus, the ability for workers to give real-time feedback about their leaders ensures leaders will be held to their worker's standards. 
 3. Social technology 
 What it is:  Vlogging, Twitter, intranet chat rooms, Skyping -- even today, there's a vast array of online communication tools, with more to come. 
 How it helps you:  The use of social technology means real-time feedback loops as well as facilitating offsite work teams. Social technologies will also enhance informal and peer-to-peer learning. 
 4. Mobile workplace 
 What it is:  Increasingly powerful mobile phones are replacing laptops as the main work device. 
 How it helps you:  Advanced Internet capabilities on your cell mean accessing your "desk" anywhere, anytime. Welcome to the "third place": If the office is the first job site and the home office the second, the "third place" is anywhere your phone is. 
 5. Work/life flexibility 
 What it is:  For younger generations, work is a significant part of their life, but they don't compartmentalize it like older generations tend to. It isn't about work-life "balance"; it's about work/life integration. 
 How it helps you:  Flexibility tools like web commuting and "third place" working will help replace the 9-to-5 workday with a goal accomplishment one (meeting goals regardless of what time of day the work was done), which will help companies boost the job satisfaction of their employees. 
 6. Serious play 
 What it is:  "Sims" (Simulated Games) is the new buzz word in training: Online Sims allow employees to learn new jobs through low-risk direct practice. 
 How it helps you:  Training will start to look like the games we've come to love, and studies show that Sims are effective methods for accelerating competence across the employee spectrum. 
 7. Mentoring 
 What it is:  One-on-one mentoring is still a powerful way to develop employees, but companies will also use reverse-, micro- and group-mentoring. 
 How it helps you:  Increased emphasis on mentoring means that your professional development will get a super-charge via direct input from company leaders as well as from your peers. Best of all, your opinions and skills are given new value as you reverse-mentor others, meaning that you will be tasked with teaching those senior to you about your role. 
 8. Democratization of information 
 What it is:  Digital record keeping makes company information accessible to all. 
 How it helps you:  The end of hierarchies! More employees will be tapped to help shape policy, project management and solve problems, rather than just follow orders. 
 9. Personal branding 
 What it is:  Social technologies track personal ratings, referrals and reputations. 
 How it helps you:  A good reputation has the same value in the future as it does now: It makes you a highly desired employee who can set your own value in the marketplace. 
 10. Talent shortage 
 What it is:  There's a big gap between all the Boomers retiring and the number of Generation X'ers available to fill their shoes. 
 How it helps you:  The demand for 2020 leaders will result in more concentrated employee development and faster promotions for younger workers! 
 Although it's a ways off, you can start preparing for the 2020 workplace by: 
 
 Adopting a global mind-set. 
 Becoming familiar with social networks 
 Building your personal brand 
 
 The future is coming, and adapting now will position you for a fast-track career in 2020. 
 
 By  Jeanne C Meister and Karie Willyerd 
 
 You should be well equipped with these most in-demand I.T Certifications/Exams, Before searching any job, Visit  http://www.ComputerTipsnTricks.com/ITcert.htm  for Free Practice Exams, Free Study Material / Books etc. 
 Category: 
 2020 Workplace Will Work For You ,  Career ,  Career Plannig ,  Employment ,  Foundation for a New Job ,  Future Jobs ,  Job Strategies ,  Job-Seeker Tips ,  Jobs ,  Life Planning 
 One-Week Job-Search: How to Lay the Foundation for a New Job in Just Seven Days 
 One of the hardest parts of job-hunting is often putting in enough effort to get the results you seek. You may respond to a few job ads, perhaps talk with a couple of people in your network, and possibly post your resume on a few job boards… but then you wait and nothing really happens. 
 If you are serious about finding a new job, then you need to put more time and dedication into the process and one way to accomplish this feat is to set aside a week to focus solely on your job-search. This process involves starting each day with a set of goals to accomplish and then spending the day doing your best to achieve them. 
 By following the guidelines in this article, you should be well on your way to laying the foundation for a new job. 
 Day 1 of Your Job-Search 
Your goal for this day is to establish your job-search goals and to get organized. These two activities are essential to job-hunting success. 
 The ideal goal is one or more solid job leads by the end of the week, but you may have some other goals too, such as expanding your network of contacts and researching further educational or training opportunities. 
 Organization is essential. You can too easily waste time the entire week if you don't step up the planning an organizing. Consider setting up some spreadsheets or logs for your network, for job leads, and for other aspects of your job search. 
 Day 2 of Your Job-Search 
Your goal for this day is to make an inventory of your accomplishments, develop your USP, and analyze your network of contacts. 
 Before you can even begin to analyze your resume or work on your interviewing skills, you have to spend the time describing and categorizing accomplishments from all your relevant work experiences including school projects if you are a new grad. Review all your past experiences and brainstorm the impact you made how you performed the job differently than anyone else and what results you achieved. Whenever possible, try to quantify those accomplishments. 
 Once you've identified all your accomplishments, you can start on your unique selling proposition (USP). Your USP is the thing that makes you different better than all the other job-seekers. Your USP sets you apart. You'll want to craft your USP into about a 10-15 word statement that you can use on your career marketing documents as well as in interviews. Some experts also refer to this statement as your elevator pitch. 
 The final part of your day should be analyzing and mapping your network of contacts. Your network is the people with whom you have a relationship family, friends, neighbors, colleagues, mentors, former bosses. And your network actually can extend to the networks of all the people you know. Your goal is to organize and prioritize your list of network contacts so that you'll be prepared to contact the people who will most likely have access to or knowledge of job openings in your field. 
 Day 3 of Your Job-Search 
Your goal for this day is to perfect your career marketing documents and spend more time on networking. 
 Now that you have identified your accomplishments, you can write a new resume or revise your existing resume. Actually, what you'll be doing is perfecting your resume foundation because with each job opportunity, you'll want to modify your resume to reflect the specific requirements of the job as well as use some of the words and phrases the prospective employer uses to describe the position. There simply is no such thing as one-resume-fits-all anymore. 
 Finally, if you have any concerns about your resume your most important job-hunting document consider having it critiqued by a resume professional. 
 The other important career marketing document is your cover letter. While the goal of your resume is to obtain an interview, the goal of your cover letter is simply to get your resume read. Your cover letter must be dynamic and concise. Your goal should be to develop a solid cover letter core that you will modify for each opportunity. 
 An oft-neglected marketing document is your list of references. Take the time now to review who you currently have listed, brainstorm some other possibilities, and most importantly, contact each person you have listed or want to list and be sure they are willing to be listed as a reference for you. Remember that you do not have to list former bosses as references; use people who know your work and will speak highly of it and of you. 
 The last part of your day should be spent on networking. First, send your newly revised resume to your key network members. Do not ask for a job, but ask for their help in identifying possible job opportunities. You should also look into ways to add new members to your network. 
 Day 4 of Your Job-Search 
Your goal for this day is to exhaust all possible avenues for job leads. 
 First, follow-up with your network about any possible job opportunities because these leads will have the most likelihood for success. 
 Second, develop a list of prospective employers in your target area and then conduct an in-depth research campaign to learn more about each one, obtaining the name and contact information of the hiring manager for your area of expertise. Remember to check each organization's job postings to see if there are any openings that match your qualifications. 
 Third, research and contact recruiters and temporary agencies that place job-seekers with your expertise. 
 Fourth, talk with the career services and alumni offices at your previous (or current) educational institutions and obtain possible networking and job leads. 
 Fifth, search some of the online job boards for possible leads. Don't just search the major boards; consider geographic-specific or industry/profession niche boards. 
 Sixth, consider conducting some informational interviews. This networking tool often leads to the discovery of other job opportunities as well as strengthening/broadening your knowledge of a particular industry/profession and expanding your network. 
 Send or deliver cover letter and resume packets to the hiring manager for each of the leads you uncover. 
 Day 5 of Your Job-Search 
Your goal for this day is to prepare for job interviews and follow-up on job leads. 
 The best way to secure a job offer is to perform strongly in job interviews, and the best way to perform strongly in job interviews is through preparation. The most basic preparation you can do is to review a list of typical job interview questions, such as you can find in our  Job Interview Questions Database for Job-Seekers . 
 The next level of preparation is to uncover the types of interviews or interview questions that are most likely for your industry/profession. You can learn more here:  Job Interviewing Resources for Job-Seekers . 
 The deepest level of preparation is to actually write your answers to expected interview questions. There's considerable research that shows that this type of preparation helps you better retain the answers, thus helping you perform better in the actual interview. Just remember not to memorize your answers. 
 Finally, remember to format your answers to interview questions as short stories illustrative anecdotes that focus on your actions, accomplishments, and learning experiences. 
 And as the day progresses, remember to continue to track down and follow-up all job leads. Schedule interviews. 
 Day 6 of Your Job-Search 
Your goal for this day is to continue following-up all job leads as well as pursue further career development. 
 Continue to work the phones, emails, and hit the pavement in your quest to uncover and follow-up on all job leads. 
 While you are waiting for the results of all your efforts, you may want to consider strengthening your interviewing preparation by developing a career portfolio. Your career portfolio contains an archive of job-search materials that help document your qualifications… your accomplishments. Portfolios often contain samples of your work, letters of accommodation/recommendation, awards and honors you've received, client testimonials, professional development, and much more. 
 Day 7 of Your Job-Search 
Your goal for this day is to continue following-up all job leads, scheduling interviews, and considering other options to take. 
 Your persistence in tracking down job leads will pay off greatly, so keep at it. 
 You should now have several hot prospects on your radar. 
 However, if, at the end of the day, the end of the week, you have gotten little or no interest from all your hard work, you may want to consider working with a career professional to review all aspects of your job-search campaign. Sometimes an outsider can see and help you fix some minor issues that are holding you back from achieving your goals. 
 Finally, remember to keep your network in the loop and send thank-you notes to everyone who helped you in your job search. 
 Final Thoughts 
The one-week job-search lays the foundation for a successful job-hunt, but you may not see the results of all your hard work for weeks or months after this intensive seven-day effort. You may get lucky and be in the right place at the right time, but if your one-week efforts do not lead to any solid job leads, the best advice is to keep at it. The average job-search takes months, so don't get discouraged -- just keep following-up all job leads and keep uncovering new ones. 
 by  Randall S. Hansen, Ph.D. 
 
 If you are serious about your professional career and want to pass your IT Certification exam in first attempt and don't want to waste your precious time and money then visit  http://www.ComputerTipsnTricks.com/ITcert.htm  for Free Practice Exams, Free Study Material / Books etc. 
 Category: 
 Building Your Career Portfolio ,  Career ,  Career Change ,  Career Plannig ,  Foundation for a New Job ,  Interview Questions ,  Job Leads ,  Job Strategies ,  Job-Seeker Tips ,  Jobs 
 Search: Go! 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Man Arrested After Trying To Build Nuclear Reactor at Home 
 Companies hiring this month 
 Nontraditional Careers Which Pay $100K 
 LinkedIn Roll-outs Switch That allows you to Apply for Job 
 Paid for Doing Nothing: Suspended Office Assistant Kept Getting Checks for 12 Years 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 Nadeem Ahsan on  New Jobs in CANADA - 100… 
 
 
 
 
 
 mohammed khaja pasha on  New Jobs in CANADA - 100… 
 
 
 
 Olivia Hall on  'Job Killing' CEOs:… 
 
 
 
 
 Lockerz free invite  on  Fantastic Formulas for Composi… 
 
 
 Iris Nie on  Can a President Be Reelected W… 
 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 August 2011 
 July 2011 
 June 2011 
 May 2011 
 April 2011 
 March 2011 
 February 2011 
 January 2011 
 December 2010 
 November 2010 
 October 2010 
 September 2010 
 August 2010 
 July 2010 
 June 2010 
 May 2010 
 April 2010 
 March 2010 
 February 2010 
 January 2010 
 December 2009 
 
 Categories 
 
 $20 Per Hour Blogger Company Jobs 
 000 
 000 and Deutsche Bank 5500 Jobs 
 10 awesome employee perks 
 10 Best iPhone and iPad Applications for Job Seekers 
 10 Jobs that Earn $60000 per Year 
 10 Jobs that Pay $50 per Hour 
 10 Jobs that Pay $70000 Per Year 
 10 Salaries That Will Grow in 2010 
 10 Secrets to Getting Promoted 
 10 Surprising Jobs Where Women Are Taking Over 
 10 Things That Will Get You Hired 
 10 Things to Do When You Leave Corporate America 
 10 Things Your Boss Won't Tell You 
 10-Step Plan to Career Change 
 100 Best companies for women 
 100 Best Jobs in America 
 100 Dollar per Hour - Paid Jobs 
 100 Great Places to Find Real Jobs 
 11 Hot Fields for Hiring in 2011 
 11 Ways to Find Women-Friendly Employers 
 11 Ways to Hurt Your Career 
 12 Money-Making Certificates 
 12 Traits of a great boss 
 13 Ways to Be a Better Co-Worker 
 15 Jobs That Pay $50 An Hour 
 15 Most Hated Companies in America 
 15 Things Not to Say to Your Boss 
 20 High Paying Jobs Salaries That Don't Require Degrees 
 20 Jobs That Pay $25 per Hour 
 20 Ways to Manage Your Boss 
 2010-11 Working Mother 100 Best Companies 
 2011 Employment and Salary Outlook 
 2020 Workplace Will Work For You 
 23 ways for teens to make money 
 25 Highest Annual Salaries in Government 
 25 Jobs that Pay $25-an-Hour 
 25 Top-Paying Companies 
 27 Million Americans Work This Way 
 30+ Websites to Visit When You are Laid Off 
 40 things you wish you could say to your boss 
 600000 Holiday Jobs 
 600000 Holiday Jobs: 40 Percent Could Become Permanent 
 7 Basic Things You Won't Believe You're All Doing Wrong 
 7 Industries in Need of Workers Now 
 7 Jobs That Earn $60000 per Year 
 7 Jobs That Make It Worth Skipping College 
 7 Spectacular Career Comebacks 
 7 Things Your Boss Should Never Say to You 
 7 Tricks to Improve Your Memory 
 8 Jobs with High Average Starting Salaries 
 America's 15 Most Popular Jobs 
 America's Highest-Paying White-Collar Jobs 
 America's Most Popular Jobs 
 America's Most Surprising Six-Figure Jobs 
 America's Top and Best Jobs 
 and LinkedIn Worth 
 Apply Now for Employment 
 Apply Now for New Jobs in this Month 
 Are Jobs for Tobacco Users Going Up in Smoke? 
 Are You a Dragon (Yin) or a Tiger (Yang)? 
 Army Jobs 
 ATT Hiring 3 
 Avoid Sabotaging Your Personal Brand Online 
 Bank of America Hiring 
 Before and After: An Inner Self Makeover 
 Best and worst cities for jobs 
 Best Retirement Jobs 
 Best-Paying Jobs For College Graduates 
 Best-paying Jobs for Women 
 Biggest CEO Bonuses for 2010 
 Blue Collar Jobs 
 Bosses Sometimes Make the Wrong Call 
 Building Your Career Portfolio 
 Business 
 Business Mistakes 
 Career 
 Career - Job's Do's and Don'ts 
 Career - Jobs in 2010 
 Career Assessment Do's and Don'ts 
 Career Change 
 Career Change Mistakes to Avoid 
 Career Networking 
 Career Networking FAQs 
 Career Plannig 
 Careers That Can Double Your Pay 
 Careers that Earn You $40 per Hour 
 Common Resume Blunders 
 companies are in search of employees 
 Companies Hiring for the Holidays 
 Companies hiring in December 2010 
 Companies Hiring in November 
 Companies Hiring This Month 
 Companies to Watch in 2011 
 Computer and Information Technology Jobs 
 CV / Resume Tips 
 Deadly Sins of Job-Hunting 
 Dealing with a Bad Boss 
 Dealing With Non-Compete Clauses and Agreements 
 Dealing With Office Politics 
 Dream Job 
 Dream Jobs 
 Dream Jobs: Six-Figure Salaries and a Bright Future 
 Earn $30 or More an Hour 
 Earn That 
 Elevator Speeches 
 Ellen Helps Sheri Get the Job 
 Employment 
 Engineering Jobs 
 Enrichment with a purpose 
 Entry-Level Job Opportunities 
 Exciting Jobs That Pay $40K And Up 
 Expert Tips to Increase Your Salary 
 Facebook 
 Facebook Says It’s NOT Shutting Down 
 Fastest Growing Careers 
 Fight Ageism Job Seekers: Older is Wiser 
 Fighting the Overqualified Label 
 Find a Job in One Day 
 Finding Employment on the Internet 
 Fired to Hired – Layoff to Payoff 
 Five Biggest Resume Lies Exposed 
 Formula for Finding 
 FORTUNE's 100 Best Companies to Work for 2011 
 Foundation for a New Job 
 Four Reasons You May Not Be Getting the Job 
 Free Websites for Learning and Teaching 
 Future Jobs 
 GE to hire 3 
 GE to hire 3000 techies in India 
 Get Hired 
 GM and GE Add Thousands of Jobs 
 Google Movie 
 Google Zeitgeist 2010 - Chatroulette Beats All 
 Government Jobs vs. Private Jobs 
 High Average Starting Salaries 
 Highest Paying Jobs 
 Highest Paying Jobs In The U.S. 
 Highest Paying Trades 
 Hiring Trends for 2010 
 Hiring Trends for 2011 
 Holiday Hot Jobs 
 Home Depot to Employ 60000 
 How to argue with your boss and win 
 How to Avoid Job Scams and Schemes 
 How to Be a Millionaire by Age 25 
 How to deal with a brutal boss 
 HOW TO Find and Land Freelance Work 
 How to Find Unadvertised Jobs 
 How to Get a Job Before It's Posted 
 How to Get on Your Boss's Radar 
 How To Get The Best Job 
 How to Make Up to $19 per Hour 
 How to make Your Case for a Promotion 
 HOW TO: Optimize Your LinkedIn Profile 
 In-Demand Jobs 
 Industries is Hiring Now 
 Influence Skills in Career Development 
 Interview Questions 
 Job Leads 
 Job Openings 
 Job Strategies 
 Job-hunting 
 Job-hunting - salary negotiation tactics 
 Job-Hunting in Times of Uncertainty 
 Job-Search Mistakes 
 Job-Seeker Tip 
 Job-Seeker Tips 
 Jobs 
 Jobs before they were president of USA 
 Jobs for People Who Want Power 
 Jobs in CANADA 
 Jobs Posted Today 
 Jobs that Pay $90000 
 Jobs Without A Degree 
 Jobs You Can Start Today 
 JPMorganChase To Hire 10 
 Kelli Space Has a $189182.39 Outstanding Student Loan Debt 
 Life Planning 
 LinkedIn 
 LinkedIn Launching Social News Product 
 LinkedIn Tips 
 Make $40K-$60K With An Associate Degree 
 Make the Best of a Bad Economy 
 Making a Lateral Career Move 
 Manage Bad Bosses 
 Mid-Year Career Checkup 
 Million-Dollar Businesses You have Never Heard Of 
 Million-dollar salaries 
 Money-Making Degrees 
 Most Dangerous Jobs 
 Most Secure Jobs for 2010 
 My Unemployed Life 
 Negotiate a higher salary in 2011 
 Networking Buddy System 
 New Guinness World Record for Twitter 
 New Jobs 
 New Jobs in Top Companies 
 New Zodiac Sign Dates: Ophiuchus The 13th Sign? 
 Non 9-to-5 Jobs that Earn $25 plus per Hour 
 Nontraditional Jobs That Pay $100K 
 Now Hiring: 10000 Walmart Jobs 
 Office Work etiuettes 
 Overseas Jobs 
 PARADE'S What People Earn: Celebrity Salaries Revealed 
 Part Time Jobs 
 Performance Review in a Down Economy 
 Physically Active Jobs 
 Pressing Your Recruiter's Hot Button? 
 Reasons of Employers Won't Hire you 
 Recommended reading for positive career changes 
 Recruitment Predictions 
 Red Hod Jobs 
 Resignation 
 Retirement: The New Math of Personal Finance 
 Ride a Bike or Walk to Work 
 Salary Gambits 
 Salary Negotiation Techniques 
 salary negotiations 
 Saying No to Your Boss 
 Scenarios in Which Quitting is Advisable 
 Score a Job Through Twitter 
 Secrets to Getting the Job 
 Seven High-Paying Jobs with Bachelor Degree 
 Side Jobs for Extra Cash 
 Six Subtle Moves That Hold Women Back From Success 
 Six Surprising Six-Figure Jobs 
 Six Top Industries Hiring in 2011 
 Six-Figure Jobs in High Demand 
 Sleuthing Out Hiring Managers 
 So - Um - Like I Really Want This Job - Ya Know? 
 Social Media 
 Social Media Jobs 
 Son of NAFTA Will Cost The US 159000 Jobs 
 Study This 
 Summer Jobs and What They Pay 
 Surprising first jobs of U.S. billionaires 
 t 
 Temporary Jobs and Contract Positions Coming in 2011 
 Ten Highest Paying Jobs In Business 
 Ten Jobs That Pay $80000 Per Year 
 Ten Most Flexible Jobs and What They Pay 
 The 10 Hottest Private Companies in Tech 
 The 50 Best Careers of 2011 
 The Best-Paying Finance Jobs 
 The Five Highest-Paid CEOs 
 The Latest Job Openings and Hiring 
 The World's Coolest Jobs 2011 
 The World's Most Reputable Companies 
 Things That Kill Your Memory and Secret Memory Enhancers 
 Time Management: 44 Key Strategies 
 Tips for lazy workers to get ahead 
 Tips To Become A Better Boss 
 Top 10 Companies Hiring 
 Top 10 Companies Hiring This Week 
 Top 10 Jobs With Parent-Friendly Hours 
 Top 10 Most Dangerous Jobs 
 Top 10 real tips to manage pressure at work (tips by msn) 
 Top 25 Cities for Your Career Boost 
 Top Companies Hiring 
 Top Employers of Veterans 
 Top Five Industries for Salary Growth 
 Top Footballers Earning 
 Top Myths and Realities of Salary Negotiation 
 Top Ten Companies Hiring for Work from Home 
 Twitter 
 Two Suns? Twin Stars Could Be Visible From Earth By 2012 
 Uncategorized 
 Uncovering Unpublicized Job Leads 
 Unemployment Dips - 192K Jobs Added 
 Upcoming Social Media and Tech Events 
 USA Hottest Job Markets 2011 
 Well-paying jobs you can get right out of high school 
 What makes a good boss? 
 What to Do When Your Boss Is Wrong 
 When the New Boss Ruins Your Work Life 
 Where the Jobs Are 
 Which Top 10 Careers Will Pay Better in 2011 
 Who Earns More Than The President 
 Who's Hiring Now 
 Who’s Hiring This Week 
 Women's Career 
 Work At Home Jobs And Programs 
 Work Experience Tips 
 Work Less - Earn More 
 Work-at-Home Real Resources Companies 
 Working moms redefining success 
 Workplace Anxiety Triggers 
 Worst Bosses of 2010 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Tag Cloud 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
