
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Hot Damn! it's a Freelance job 
 The Mill is looking for a Freelance Designer/Animator  in New York, NY, USA. 
 About 
 The Mill has been creating world-class visual effects built on creative excellence and cutting-edge technologies for over twenty-six years. We believe in creating work that touches people emotionally, that becomes popular culture and that people love, talk about and want to share. We believe in great ideas beautifully told. 
 We are currently looking for an experienced Designer/Animator to join our New York studio. 
 The role of The Mill Designer/Animator is to work with his or her fellow Designers, Senior Designers, and fellow artists. A Designer/Animator needs to be highly visually creative with an excellent knowledge of design techniques and the software and hardware he or she operates. 
 RESPONSIBILITIES: 
• Help provide artistic direction to generate inspirational, conceptual and creative ideas with the rest of the design team. 
• Work with the CD and fellow designers to conceptualize based on design briefs, execute the work, be it illustration, 2D or 3D design. 
• Create, design and animate where necessary, in collaboration with others or individually to suit the task at hand. 
• Be involved throughout the project, ensuring a reliable contact with clients and the team to deliver results that meets and exceeds expectations. 
• Present concepts and design ideas to the Mill team, listening to feedback and making recommendations where appropriate. 
 QUALIFICATIONS: 
• Previous Design Studio experience preferred. 
• Ability to work efficiently, handling a vast variety of problems at the same time. 
• Experience preparing presentations with strict deadlines. 
• Proficient in Adobe Creative Suite - InDesign, Photoshop, Illustrator, Bridge, AfterEffects and C4D. 
• Detail Oriented, proactive & organized. 
• Communicates well with others, remains calm under pressure. 
• Experience with AR a plus (AR Studio, Lens Studio) 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7662-the-mill-designer-animator  
 On-site required? 
 No 
 Experience 
 3-6 years 
 Skills 
 After Effects, Cinema 4D, Spark AR 
 Date Posted 
 November 5, 2020 
 Managed By 
 Ashley Beadle 
 Perks 
 
 Retirement Plan 
 Great benefits 
 Sweet office 
 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
