[ 
 Jobs etc in Kenya 
 ](https://opportunities254.wordpress.com/ "Jobs etc in Kenya") 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Submit more opportunities 
 
 Good advice from JobsMentor 
 Excellent advice from Jobsmentor.co.ke: 
 Kenyan Jobsekeer: 10 Mistakes to Avoid 
 Dear Kenyan jobseeker, 
 You’ve tried almost everything to secure a job, including working several unpaid internships. You are now frustrated. If only someone would be kind enough to give you some pointers on why your methods are not working. Lucky for you, JobsMentor is on your side and wants to help you GET THE JOB YOU WANT. 
 Perhaps you are making one of the small, but high problematic problems, listed below… 
 1. “AM looking for a job” 
 What’s wrong with the sentence above? Look again. Hint: it’s in capital letters. 
 Yes, AM. That’s not a subject. You’ve started a sentence with a helping verb. The correct sentence: “I am looking for a job” OR “I’m looking for a job”. If you want a job, re-learn your grammar. Writing skills are one of  seven basic skills that will get you a job . Please do not assume that just because you have a certificate/diploma/degree you have any command of the English language. Study it carefully. Other language errors to be aware of: lack of capitals where due; lack of punctuation where due; or use of punctuation where not due; misuse of words (especially words you have picked up from other people but never looked up in the dictionary; wayward, confused sentences; typos that portray you as a careless person e.t.c. 
 2. LACK OF SALUTATION 
 Are you sending emails that do not begin with an acknowledgement of the recipient? Have you considered how rude you must sound? How about “Good morning” or “Good afternoon”? Be as conscious as possible about the fact that you are intruding on this person. Be extremely polite. If you are not sure how you come across, ask an objective person to read an email or listen to a phone call you are making and help you improve. 
 3.  INFORMALITY 
 Are you writing ‘hi’ or ‘hey’ to someone you are hoping will employ you? Are you addressing them by first name without permission? Are you showing up at interviews in less than strictly formal clothes? Are you writing in abbreviated language: ‘thks’ or ‘thanks’ instead of ‘thank you”. If you are doing any of the above, stop immediately. Your potential employer is a stranger: treat him/her formally, politely and respectfully. 
 4. ENDLESS BLABBER 
 Time is short and as a young jobseeker you are at the bottom of the foodchain. Whoever is listening to you is doing you a huge favor. Practice what you are going to say ahead of time because you need to have the answer to every question posed to you at the tip of your tongue. If you are ever answering a question for more that 30 seconds you are committing the terrible sin of verbal diarrhoea. Be precise; don’t strain the other person’s attention. 
 5. HANDWRITTEN COVER LETTERS AND CV 
 Type everything please. It’s the 21st century. A handwritten cover letter or CV especially on fullscap paper (which is by default the roughest and cheapest paper in the market) is equivalent to wearing creased clothes to your interview. 
 6. ME, ME, ME 
 “I need a job”. “I have a diploma/ degree.” ME, ME, ME. Unfortunately, no one wants to hire you because YOU need a job. Let’s rephrase that: EMPLOYERS DO NOT GIVE JOBS TO PEOPLE WHO NEED THEM. Employers give jobs to people who show how they can meet the employers’ needs. What does your potential employer need? Do you know? It is supremely important to talk in terms of what you can do for your potential employer and not what you need or want. Book recommendation: How to Make Friends and Influence People by Dale Carnegie (an old, timeless book). 
 7. EEM, WHAT DOES YOUR COMPANY DO? 
 If you are sending applications to companies that you do not know/understand inside out, you doing the equivalent of burning your degree/diploma/certificate. You cannot adequately present yourself as the best candidate without understanding what the company cares about. It’s not enough to visit the company’s website, although that is a good start. You need to know who will be interviewing you and what he/she likes in a job applicant. How do you do that?  Find out from a JobsMentor. 
 8. THE NOT-SO-IMPORTANT PEOPLE 
 From the moment you decide to start looking for a job, to your first day at a new job, to the rest of your working life, you are and will always be a job seeker. Every minute, every second. You never know who is watching you. The person you disrespect on the street, might be your interviewer on ninth floor. The receptionist you forget to greet may be asked whether you should be hired. The man who watches you act stupid with your friends at Steers, might be an important client for the company of your dreams. The silly meme you forward on facebook may be offensive to someone somewhere in HR. That habit you have formed of never writing full sentences on text may accidentally show up when you are emailing someone very important. In a million small ways, you are sabotaging yourself. 
 9. OOPS, CAN WE RESCHEDULE 
 Do you ask people for their time then forget to show up for meetings or cancel simply because you do not feel like attending anymore? Respect those who give you their time. In a country where everyone is lax about time, you will stand out for being on time, every time, and for taking up only the time allocated to you. Form good habits now and you will never find yourself running through the streets of Nairobi, late for the most important interview of your life. 
 10. WAITING FOR HELP 
 No one wants to carry your burden. Very few people have job openings or the ability to hire you. But they may have the knowledge and connections you need. Don’t be lazy and try make them get a job for you. Stop sending unsolicited CVs; stop leaving messages across the wide world web to the tune “I need a job”. Everyone needs a job and everyone has your qualifications. Show some initiative: seek advice and actively employ it. This is your job search. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 __[ 18 August 2015  type:   Employment resource ,  Resource 
 Post navigation 
 __Job: Performance Manager (Twiga  Foods)   Senior job: CTO (Twiga Foods) __  Search 
 Get Updates by Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog. You will receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 What are you looking for? 
 
 Academic 
 Employment resource 
 Event 
 Fellowship or Scholarship 
 Grant 
 Job 
 Journalism 
 Ongoing/Recurring 
 Prize or Award 
 Professional development 
 Resource 
 Training 
 Volunteer 
 Workshop 
 Writing opportunities 
 
 Employers & Organisations 
 accountability counsel   accountability lab   AIJC   amani   Andela   bbc   biea   british council   british institute of east africa   chezo   civicus   climate tracker   code for africa   creative   decoalonize   defenddefenders   development initiatives   digital divide data   docubox   engine room   evidence action   fahamu   folt   friends of lake turkana   georgetown   givedirectly   gui2de   hacks hackers   HBS   Heinrich Böll Stiftung   hekima   hipsir   hivisasa   hivos   IBP   ICFJ   icnc   ihub   impactafrica   international budget partnership   internews   kamakazi   Katiba Institute   kenya jobs center   kenya open data   lightbox   mama cash   Michael Elliott Family   mit   mobisol   Namati   natural justice   ONE   open capital   open society foundation   pawa254   pollination   rift valley forum   rift valley institute   rvi   samasource   socent   solstice mobile   storylab academy   ti-kenya   transparency international   uliza   UN   unep   usap   wash   wash united   wits journalism   wwf   yum 
 Recent Opportunities 
 
 COVID-19 Emergency Fund for Journalists - National Geographic  13 October 2020 
 Call for submissions to new magazine Insurrectionist  13 October 2020 
 African Investigative Journalism Conference (AIJC2020)  5 October 2020 
 Funding for story concepts, OSIEA, deadline 14 August  8 August 2020 
 Microgrants - Baraza Media Lab  8 August 2020 
 Advocacy Accelerator going virtual  3 August 2020 
 Job: Communications coordinator, Sentinel Project  1 August 2020 
 Digital rights course competition - Advocacy Assembly  31 July 2020 
 Youth accelerator program: Covid response transparency & accountability  26 July 2020 
 Jobs with Mr Green Africa  24 July 2020 
 Jobs at Penda Health  23 July 2020 
 Tech training for young women: Kisumu, Lamu, Nakuru, Nairobi, Mombasa, Kilifi (deadline 27 July)  23 July 2020 
 Job: Partnerships Specialist, UNOPS  17 May 2020 
 Research scholarship, Lionel Cliffe Memorial, for African activists or scholars  28 February 2020 
 Jobs: Communications Lead, others, Coalition for Human Rights in Development (CHRD)  19 February 2020 
 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
 Tuition scholarships for students admitted to African Leadership University, Kigali 
 
 Website Built with WordPress.com .  Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy   %d bloggers like this: 
