
 Thirty Tomorrows 
 How Aging Demographics and Globalization Will Change the Way We Live 
 Main Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Reviews 
 Blog 
 About the Author 
 Events 
 Purchase 
 
 Tag Archives: jobs 
   
 High-Tax States Fight for Their Deductions 
 January 6, 2018 by  Milton Ezrati   Leave a comment 
 California, New York, and other high-tax states have set themselves to foil the provisions of the new tax law. They do not like that would allow their residents federal write-offs [因 
 Read Article ->   Uncategorized 
   
 Just Stay Home 
 March 12, 2016 by  Milton Ezrati   Leave a comment 
 If it is a Clinton-Trump contest, voters should just stay home on Election Day. Of course, people have a civic duty to take part in the political process. It has [因 
 Read Article ->   Uncategorized 
   
 TPP: A Melange Only a President Could Love 
 January 2, 2016 by  Milton Ezrati   Leave a comment 
 It certainly is a mixed bag. The Trans-Pacific Partnership (TPP) has both good and bad points. On the positive note, it steals a march on China for influence [因 
 Read Article ->   Uncategorized 
   
 Some Answers on the Jobs Market 
 April 25, 2015 by  Milton Ezrati   Leave a comment 
 One of the most troubling aspects of this generally troubling recovery is the atypically slow pace of employment growth. Until relatively recently, the economy was creating new jobs at a [因 
 Read Article ->   Uncategorized 
 Post navigation 
 Blog Entries 
 
 High-Tax States Fight for Their Deductions 
 Tax Reform: A Step in the Right Direction 
 Fed's Concerns 
 How the Likely Tax Legislation Will Fall 
 Corporate Sector Comes Alive 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Follow Thirty Tomorrows 
 
 RSS - Posts 
 
 Order Thirty Tomorrows 
 
 Amazon 
 iTunes 
 Barnes & Noble 
 Personally inscribed copies from the author 
 Bulk orders 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
