Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Senior Associate Registrar, Aid & Awards 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Schedule Monday - Friday 
Education Level 
 Minimum undergraduate degree. 
 Career Level 5-7 years experience in management roles in a related area. 
 Job Description 
 Department Description 
 The Office of the Registrar provides a number of services to both prospective and current students and is the primary information source on enrolment, convocation ceremonies and important student dates and events throughout the year. We are a smart, collaborative group of nearly 80 employees, spread across 8 departments: Student Services, Aid & Awards, Student Recruitment, Undergraduate Admissions, Student Records & Systems, Scheduling & Examinations, Communications & Marketing and Central RO Administration. This supportive and dynamic team works together to provide assistance to students from the beginning of their time at McMaster University until they graduate. 
 We are currently looking to hire a Senior Associate Registrar in our Aid & Awards department that will use a variety of specialized skills to promote and support the overall strategic plan of the Office of the Registrar. The Aid & Awards department connects students with government financial aid, bursaries, work programs and scholarships. These resources help make post-secondary education more accessible and recognize students' academic, extracurricular and community achievements. The Senior Associate Registrar will demonstrate strategic leadership at a senior management level; managing a team of approximately 13 institutional and government aid professionals. 
 Job Purpose 
 The Senior Associate Registrar works with and on behalf of the academic community to strategically direct the development and implementation of policy and operational services in support of the University’s academic mission. Working closely with senior academic leaders, the Senior Associate Registrar creates a policy and operations framework for registrarial services that support the student experience and academic administration across the university. 
 The Senior Associate Registrar provides leadership and strategic direction for his/her area. Provide leadership in registrarial processes and communicate, facilitate and support these processes within the broader university community. The Senior Associate Registrar works collaboratively with groups to ensure the consistent application of registrarial policies and procedures in the different academic units. This person may also represent their areas of expertise externally in representative associations and working groups. 
 In carrying out with this responsibility, the incumbent plans, leads and directs the activities of the relevant support area, ensuring support of and consistency with University policies, priorities, and plans. 
 This position reports to the University Registrar. 
 Aid & Awards Portfolio 
 Strategically applies financial levers to support university recruitment and retention strategies. Through market, data and other relevant analysis, devises aid and award strategies to help McMaster meet international and domestic enrolment targets in a highly competitive market. Assesses demographic, environmental, societal trends to understand the potential impact on aid and award, recruitment and admission strategies. Understands trends and patterns of financial aid on retention behaviour through internal analysis as well as through industry research to target funds to positively impact student success. Achieves these objectives through the management of a $17m Undergraduate Scholarships and Bursaries operating budget and $5m in annual expenditures from approximately 1200 trust funds. Understands and where possible influences the Ministry of Colleges and Universities aid direction and aligns McMaster financial aid to support. This includes providing direction to the team to support over 16,000 OSAP applications a year. Provides direction to staff involved in systems configuration and processes; University aid and award related policies and processes; government aid program policies and processes; support of aid and award administrators campus-wide; student communication and support; and trust fund administration. Has signing authority to manage all trust funds for undergraduate aid and awards ensuring compliance to policy and appropriate expenditures. Ensures the appropriate receipt of funds from the government, trust funds and operating sources and manages the optimal disbursement through various need and merit programs. Ensures compliance with all Ministry policies and with regular Ministry audits. Represents McMaster to the province in policy improvements and new policy developments regarding student financial aid. 
 Specific Accountabilities 
 Work with Faculties to identify business needs related to the University’s academic mission and determines strategic solutions that support the objectives to students, faculty, and staff. 
Develops, advises on, and implements Senate policy related to his/her relevant area. Communicates changes and impacts to the University community. 
Negotiates with Faculties and other stakeholders support services for new and continuing programs. 
Works with other key University stakeholders including Continuing Education, Accounts Receivable, Facilities, Academic Integrity, Finance, University Advancement, Student Affairs and others to ensure coordination of processes and consistency of policy. Advises the University Registrar on service integration issues and initiatives. 
Demonstrates leadership in determining business processes and the facilitation of these processes through the application of technology. Directs the functional application of information systems and is responsible for understanding and implementing key information technologies relevant to the area. Is responsible for keeping abreast of technologies relevant to the area and managing local applications. 
Chairs committees or working groups related to their area. 
Directs efficient and effective business processes through the continuous evaluation of those processes and their application with the technological platforms 
Identifies emerging needs and trends and develops timely and effective initiatives, programs or services to address them. 
Directs security access to student information systems and is responsible for ensuring that the broader university community has appropriate profiles to complete tasks relating to their area. 
Creates and maintains the operational infrastructure necessary to support the administration of academic support policies. Ensures effective and responsive practice in areas of responsibility. 
Working with University Technology Services, is responsible for the configuration and operation of the student information system and for the integrity of data within that system. Ensures collection of service data for accountability and operational improvement purposes. 
Supports program approval processes by providing relevant advice to Faculties on implementation considerations. 
Attends Senate and Senate/University committees as required. Chairs inter-faculty working group related to registrarial services. Ensures compliance with applicable policy, legislation, and procedures of government and other third parties, including provincial privacy and information laws and accountability requirements. 
Leads respective area through any applicable Ministry of Colleges and Universities, external and/or internal audits. Is responsible for ensuring area passes such audits and responds to any findings. 
Represents McMaster in the external community through participation in industry or professional committees, government working groups and inter-university collaborations. 
Ensure responsive and relevant service to students, faculty, staff and other University stakeholders. 
 Human Resources Management 
 Designs and maintains organizational structure. Forecasts, manages, and reports on budgetary needs of areas under direct authority. 
Recruits, hires, trains, manages, and evaluates a staff of approximately 8-20 permanent FTEs plus part-time, casual, and student staff. Ensures effective performance management processes are in place. Takes disciplinary action when required. 
Provide team leadership and direction to ensure efficiency, quality of service to clients, high staff morale and conformance to University policies and procedures. 
Monitor performance of units to determine whether strategies and plans require adjustment and evaluate the progress towards the attainment of the objectives. 
 Financial Management 
 Develops, recommends, and implements the annual operating budget for responsible areas. Prepares in-year budget forecasts. Develops and implements medium and long-term plans to meet budget targets. 
 Qualifications 
 Education and Experience: 
Minimum undergraduate degree. 
5-7 years experience in management roles in a related area. 
 Skills: 
Proven strong strategic leadership and management skills, preferably in a unionized environment. 
Strong understanding of and experience in information technology systems particularly ERP applications. Significant experience managing a complex operational environment, including strategic planning, project management and design, and improvement of production systems. 
Experience planning and managing in a complex, multi-stakeholder operational environment, preferably in a post-secondary setting. 
Proven ability to generate creative solutions to complex problems. 
Proven conflict management skills. 
Budget planning and management experience at a senior level. 
Demonstrated tact and diplomacy in relating to colleagues and stakeholders at all levels. 
Strong customer service orientation and interpersonal skills. 
Proven organizational, analytical, and problem-solving skills. 
Excellent communication skills, both written and oral. 
Ability to work and manage with minimal supervision. 
 How To Apply 
 To apply for this job, please submit your application online. 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and within the lands protected by the “Dish With One Spoon” wampum agreement. 
 The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. 
 The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity and inclusion, who will contribute to the diversification of ideas and perspectives, and especially welcomes applications from indigenous (First Nations, Métis or Inuit) peoples, members of racialized communities, persons with disabilities, women, and persons who identify as 2SLGBTQ+. 
 As part of McMaster’s commitment, all applicants are invited to complete a confidential Applicant Diversity Survey through the online application submission process. The Survey questionnaire requests voluntary self-identification in relation to equity-seeking groups that have historically faced and continue to face barriers in employment. Please refer to the Applicant Diversity Survey - Statement of Collection for additional information. 
 Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact: 
 Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247), or 
Faculty of Health Sciences HR Office at ext. 22207, or 
School of Graduate Studies at ext. 23679 
 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
