Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Online Tutors and Teachers - Math, Science, English 
 SchoolTutoring.com 
 __Canada 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description 
 Our Vision 
 SchoolTutoring.com is committed to making high quality educational training more affordable and accessible to every student. We believe that new technologies can be harnessed to deliver innovative, effective and efficient solutions to the changing educational needs of the communities we serve. Our partnerships with families, schools, libraries, non-profits and corporations help realize our vision of making it possible for all students to recognize their academic potential and achieve success. 
 About Us 
 SchoolTutoring.com delivers K-12 educational services to students across North America using a web-based learning platform. Our education platform is unparalleled with sophisticated workflow management tools, cloud-based storage and distributed redundancy technologies. Used within our online education business, it also powers thousands of learning groups through third-party licenses. Using this technology, we can seamlessly coordinate the academic needs for thousands of students each year. 
 Who We 're Looking For 
 Teach K-12 students Math, Science and English with SchoolTutoring.com! We are the leading online tutoring and test preparation company with flexible work schedules and an engaging work environment. 
 SchoolTutoring.com, part of the Educators Group family of companies, is a leader in online test preparation and K-12 education. We are currently seeking outstanding educators to join our staff. Our staff include college and graduate students, professionals, stay-at-home parents, and retirees who are committed to helping students from diverse educational backgrounds succeed! 
 Our tutors are enthusiastic about higher-ed, engaging, and committed to helping students succeed. 
 Position Requirements: 
 
 Unlike in-person tutoring positions, there is no travel...work in the comfort of your own home. 
 Classes are conveniently scheduled primarily in the evenings and weekends. 
 Committed to teaching for a minimum of six months (ability to teach year round is highly desired) 
 Solid academic track record including excellent university credentials 
 Ability to create a dynamic and interactive online classroom 
 
 How to Apply: 
 Please submit an application through the online career portal on our website: https://schooltutoring.com/corporate/careers 
 Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Contract 
 Pay: $15.00-$17.00 per hour 
 Additional pay: 
 
 Bonus pay 
 
 Benefits: 
 
 Work from home 
 
 Experience: 
 
 teaching: 1 year (Required) 
 
 Education: 
 
 Bachelor's Degree (Required) 
 
 Location: 
 
 Canada (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 Yes 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
