Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Dog Walker/Cat Sitter 
 Walks & Wags 
 __Montréal, QC 
 Apply Now 
 Pet-care company seeking responsible, reliable, honest and energetic candidates available Monday and Friday, 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. for approximately 15 to 20 hours per week. The breakdown is about 3-4.5 hrs a day. On some of the days, the shift may be split, as in there may be a few dogs to walk from 12 to 2 pm for example and then another couple from 3 to 5pm. If you are not willing to work a split shift,  please do not apply for this position . 
 Successful candidate must love dogs, cats, and the outdoors. Prior pet-care experience and knowledge of Plateau, Outremont, Westmount areas is an asset. Candidate must have valid driver's license. The dog walker goes from house to house to walk dogs, for 20 to 45 mins, depending on the dog/client with a vehicle provided by the company. Candidate may also visit cats in their home, feeding them, brushing them, cleaning the litter, and watering plants. If the need arises, s/he may perform other general chores (delivering flyers, etc.) 
 Compensation is $13.10/hour to start. Interested candidates should reply with a copy of their CV and answer the questions below. Candidates would start in November. 
 Applicants living in the Mile End/Plateau/Outremont/Westmount areas will be prioritized. Applicant must be willing to commit to a 6 month commitment minimum. 
 This person would be presentable, meticulous, and capable of practical judgment. This is a fun job with a lot of responsibility. There are weather conditions to brave, difficult animals to negotiate with, traffic jams to get through, sticky locks to deal with, specific details to remember. We get a lot of pleasure from helping people take care of their beloved pets, but this is not a job for everyone. We urge all interested individuals to think carefully about the less components of this job (bad weather, animal vomit/diarrhea) before filling out an application. 
 To qualify you must: 
 - Be a reliable, dependable adult 18 years of age and over 
 - Be available for a minimum six month commitment 
 - Be available Monday to Friday 
 - Driver's license 
 - Cell phone 
 - Able to be bonded (agree to a background check to confirm no criminal record) 
 - Good physical condition 
 - Dedicated and willing to work in a variety of weather conditions 
 - Comfortable taking care of and exercising animals 
 - Comfortable giving pills to cats 
 - Natural love of animals 
 - Experience with animals 
 If you are interested, please e-mail us a current CV and the below application form completed. Of course, you may express yourself in French, if you are more comfortable.  Only applicants who complete the questionnaire will be considered. 
 Name: 
 Address: 
 Phone number: 
 E-mail address: 
 What is your availability? (please include hours available each day as well as total number of hours you would consider ideal each week) 
 Are you comfortable walking 3 dogs at a time? 
 Can you handle a dog up to 100lbs? 
 Can you give pills to a dog or cat? 
 Can you give injections to a dog or cat? 
 Is there any pet you are not comfortable taking care of? 
 Do you have a cell phone? 
 Do you have a driver’s license? 
 Do you have a criminal record? 
 Are you looking for a long-term position? 
 When are you available to begin work? 
 What are you doing now and what are your short-term (1-2 years) and long-term goals? 
 Describe your experience in pet ownership, pet sitting, and dog walking. 
 Why do you think you would be well suited to this job? 
 Do you currently have a job or source of income? 
 Please tell us about yourself. In what areas do you excel, in which do you struggle? 
 What activities, chores, and/or jobs do you love to do? Which do you not enjoy? 
 What additional information should we know about you that might influence our decision to hire you? 
 Part-time hours: 15-20 per week 
 Expected start date: 2020-11-16 
 Job Types: Part-time, Permanent 
 Salary: From $13.10 per hour 
 Additional pay: 
 
 Tips 
 
 Benefits: 
 
 Casual dress 
 Company car 
 Flexible schedule 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 Day shift 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 Location: 
 
 Montréal, QC (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
