  
 
 Jobs 
 Features 
 Newsletter 
 Login 
 
 Talent  Startup 
 I am a 
 Jobseeker Talent 
 or a 
 Hiring Startup 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign up using linkedin   __ 
 Hello 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign in using linkedin   __ 
 Employers  __ 
 Employers  __ 
 __filters __search 
 Filter by category 
 All Jobs Developer Jobs Marketing Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Manager Jobs Customer Support Jobs Sales Jobs Data and Product Jobs Internships Co-Founder Roles Designer Jobs People and Other Jobs 
 Filter by type 
 full-time part-time freelance 
 Advanced Search 
 search jobs __ 
 Junior Project Manager 
 at OQC 
 go back to People and Other Jobs 
 
 
 __Reading 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 
 
 
 
 __Reading 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 ABOUT OQC 
 At Oxford Quantum Circuits (OQC) we are building quantum computers to enable life-changing discoveries : from new drug modeling to longer-lasting battery technology and portfolio optimisation. We are developing a cloud based quantum computer service - Quantum Computing as a Service (QCaaS) - to help our customers improve their operations and trailblaze new commercial and scientific approaches. 
 Our team is composed of 20 people with various backgrounds in quantum physics, nanotechnologies, hardware, and software. We are all bound by the desire to put OQC at the forefront of the quantum revolution and build a technology with practical applications in mind. 
 ROLE OVERVIEW 
 In order to support OQC's mission a number of enabling software, hardware and infrastructure projects must be planned and implemented. These have been initiated and are currently being managed by various Executives in the company. With the current pace of development and company growth, the Executives are now seeking day-to-day project management to support them in delivery. 
 The focus of this Junior Project Manager role is to ensure that all OQC projects are effectively managed throughout their life-cycle. The Junior Project Manager will initially be responsible for reviewing and developing the company's project regime and then the day-to-day management of all OQC projects. 
 A significant initial task will include the management of a multi-million pound and multi-party Government-funded project. This project will entail reporting, partners management, budget forecasting and communication efforts. The successful candidate will ideally have excellent communication skills. 
 We are looking for someone who is able to handle multiple projects at the same time, in both hardware and infrastructure, to identify and implement the most people-friendly and cost-effective way to manage OQC projects, to negotiate and deliver within the time and budget constraints. You must be detail-oriented, anticipating and solving issues before they arise, showing a high-level of proactivity and autonomy, keeping the company's management team regularly informed with clear reports, and a natural leader who excels in supporting teams through significant changes. 
 As we will spend time reviewing your application and assessing the cultural and experience fit, we kindly ask that you send clear information about your main strengths and weaknesses for the role. Applications without a cover letter or an annotated version of this role description with your experience, strengths and weaknesses will not be considered. 
 RESPONSIBILITIES: 
 
 Integrated Project Planning Regime (PID, RAIDE, deadline and ownership, training, reporting (incl. exception and routine reports, governance), risk mitigation, management of relationships with contractors, business continuity, etc.) 
 Resource Planning & Management (HR, budget) 
 Support the commercial team in preparing customer visits or events 
 Enhance awareness and implementation of project management best-practice across the company (training, on-boarding, annual assessments) 
 
 REQUIRED SKILLS 
 
 Start-up experience and mentality: fast-paced environment with high expectations 
 Proven experience in Project Management (related certification considered a bonus: Agile Project Management methodologies, PRINCE 2, JIRA) 
 Experience with hardware and infrastructure projects 
 Excellent communication skills (oral, written and presentation), including the ability to listen effectively, and strong interpersonal skills 
 A proven track record managing Government- or Research Council-funded projects 
 
 DESIRED SKILLS 
 
 Understanding of commercial and technical aspects of OQC 
 
 LOCATION 
 OQC's office is located in Shinfield, Reading. There will be a requirement for occasional travel throughout the UK and elsewhere abroad for conferences, meetings and engineering visits. 
 APPLY NOW 
 Send us a cover letter and an annotated version of this role description, highlighting your strengths and weaknesses, at careers@oxfordquantumcircuits.com. Applications without an annotated version of this role description will not be considered. 
 We look forward to hearing from you! 
 At OQC we 're not just hoping you'll fit in our culture. We aspire to thrive, as a company and as people, thanks to your diversity of thought and background. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer and we are committed to providing our team members with a work environment free from discrimination, where everyone is treated with respect. Our employment decisions are based on business needs, talent and merit. 
 Published at 11 Jan 2021 - Expires on 11 Feb 2021 
 You need to be logged in to apply.   Login  or  create an account . 
 Is this job ad fake? Report it! 
 ×  Warning! 
 __get the latest startup jobs emailed to you 
 Developer Jobs Designer Jobs Internships Marketing Jobs Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Co-Founder Roles Data and Product Jobs People and Other Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Customer Support Jobs 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;  
 and 
  Privacy Policy  
 and Cookie Use. 
 New Jobs Alert created! 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;   
 and 
  Privacy Policy   
 and Cookie Use. 
 other jobs at  OQC 
 fulltime  Communications and Marketing Specialist  at OQC in Reading 
 __05-01-2021 
 fulltime  Assistant  at OQC in Reading 
 __05-01-2021 
 fulltime  Software Engineer  at OQC in Reading 
 __11-01-2021 
 fulltime  Compiler Engineer  at OQC in Reading 
 __11-01-2021 
 fulltime  FPGA Engineer  at OQC in Reading 
 __11-01-2021 
 
 
 * [Terms of Service](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/terms)
 
 
 Privacy 
 Cookie Policy 
 Acceptable Use Policy 
 Still Hiring 
 
 
 
 * [About Us](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/about)
 
 
 FAQ 
 Cities 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 * [__Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/workinstartups/)
 
 
 __Twitter 
 __Instagram 
 Blog 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Work In Startups 
 This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  Read more  Close 
