Move on Up 
 For people in transition looking for a little help & inspiration. As ye sow, so shall ye reap. 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
 Small Needle, Big Haystack - from Seth Godin 
 February 27, 2010 
 I've become a big fan of Seth Godin's  blog  - mainly because he's so refreshing and…right. 
Here's a terrific post from his book  Small is the New Big  that fit's any job seeker looking to be remarkable. 
 _ Needles, haystacks & magnetism 
 Last month, I posted a bunch of notices looking to hire summer interns (yes, we're set, thanks). The ads asked people to send in a three page PDF, describing their background, their goals and giving applicants a chance to really stand out and make their case. 
 This, of course, should be the dream opportunity for most job seekers. Instead of being treated as a piece of paper, a list of stats in a dry resume, here was a chance to actually tell a little about yourself. 
 HALF the people sent in a resume. Just a resume. 
 "Here's my resume" was the total content of at least 20% of the cover notes I got. 
 Part of this is the result of being beaten down. Most of the system is about following the rules, fitting in and not standing out. But a lot of it, it seems to me, is that people are laboring under a very mistaken impression about what works-in life, in seeking a job and in marketing in general. 
 Most people, apparently, believe that if they just get their needle sharp enough, it'll magnetically leap out of the haystack and land wherever it belongs. If they don't get a great job or make a great sale or land a terrific date, it might just be because they don't deserve it. 
 Having met some successful people, I can assure you that they didn't get that way by deserving it. 
 What chance is there that your totally average resume, describing a totally average academic and work career is going to get you most jobs? "Hey Bill! Check out this average guy with an average academic background and really exceptionally average work experience! Maybe he's cheap!!" 
 Do you hire people that way? Do you choose products that way? If you're driving a Chevy Cavalier and working for the Social Security Administration, perhaps, but those days are long gone. 
 People are buying only one thing from you: the way the engagement (hiring you, working with you, dating you, using your product or service, learning from you) makes them feel. 
 So how do you make people feel? 
 Could you make them feel better? More? Could you create the emotions that they're seeking? 
 As long as we focus on the commodity, on the sharper needle, we're lost. Why? Because most customers don't carry a magnet. Because the sharpest needle is rarely the one that gets out of the haystack. Intead, buyers are looking for the Free Prize, for that exceptional attribute that's worth talking about. I just polled the four interns sitting here with me. Between them, they speak 12 languages. No, that's not why I hired them. No, we don't need Tagalog in our daily work…. but it's a free prize. It's one of the many things that made them interesting, that made me feel good about hiring them. 
 What's your Free Prize?_ 
 By the way, you can see my columns on career coaching and transitions at SF Examiner.com. 
 
 JP McDermott is a financial services and insurance advisor in Walnut Creek, CA. specializing in career transitions. He is also a career and financial coach, a freelance writer on career coaching with SF Examiner.com, and has been volunteering his time and experience to various non-profit, service and civic organizations. 
JP lives in Danville with his wife Candy. 
 Check out his LinkedIn profile  http://www.linkedin.com/in/jpmcdermott 
 1 Comment  |   Finding Jobs ,  Jobs ,  Networking ,  Personal Branding  | Tagged:  job seekers ,  Seth Godin ,  Small is the New Big  |   Permalink 
Posted by JP McDermott 
 
 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 
 
 March 2010 
 
 
 February 2010 
 
 
 January 2010 
 
 
 December 2009 
 
 
 November 2009 
 
 
 October 2009 
 
 
 September 2009 
 
 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 
 
 They hurt her   facebook.com/photo.php?fbid…   7 years ago 
 
 
 
 
 
 bureau of labor statistics   chad levitt   COBRA extension   CPC Job Connections   Dan Schwabel   Dean Tracy   Dennis Thompson   differentiate yourself   don't tell   finding jobs using Twitter   game has changed   givers   golden moments   go volunteer   happy   helping others   help someone in need   hilarious YouTube Interviews   Interns Over 40   interview skills   interview tips   J.P. McDermott   Jackie Williams   Jason Alba   Jibberjobber   job hunting startegies   job hunting tactics   jp mcdermitt   JP McDermot   JP McDermott   Jud Walsh   Jump Start Job Search   Keith Ferrazzi   Kim Litton   Laid Off and Looking   Lee Hecht Harrison   LinkedIn   LinkedIn for executives   maje yourself indispensable   MassMutual   Megan Pittsley   Meg Giuseppi   Mercator   netowrk internally   Networking   Never Eat Alone   new rules   old rules   Personal Branding   Polly Pearson   positive attitude   San Francisco Business Times   Seth Godin   shifts in employer-employee relationships   show   SING   social networking   St. Mary's College   St. Mary's College Graduate School of Business Alumni   stories   story   Susann Dittmann   thank you   Thompson & Associates   Tom Loaries   Top 3 Job Search Tips   top 10 interview tips   Twitter   unprepared hiring managers   Up in the Air   Weekly Top 3 job search tips   what do you do?   what Not to do in an interview   Who's Getting Hired   Who's Got Your Back? 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
