Teaching Drama magazine - the blog 
 Comments, news and reviews from the leading magazine in drama education 
 Main menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 About 
 Magazine 
 News 
 Events 
 Teaching Drama update 
 
 Tag Archives: jobs cut 
 Arts Council England to axe over 20% of workforce 
 Posted by  teachingdramamag  in  News  and tagged with  2010 government review ,  21% ,  ACE ,  Alan Davey ,  Art Council ,  chief executive ,  jobs cut ,  reduce administrative costs by 50% ,  regional branches ,  We’ll do less and we’ll do it differently – but we’ll do it well. ,  workforce   01/11/2012 
 Arts Council England (ACE) has announced structural changes to the organisation, which will see 118 jobs cut, 21% of the current workforce. 
 Other changes to the organisation will include a reduction in the number of executive directors from 8 to 4, and downsizing office space by up to 50%. All current ACE regional branches will be reduced to just five, covering London, the South East, South West, the Midlands and the North. 
 A 2010 government review led to the ACE being told to reduce administrative costs by 50%. The review also cut the ACE’s budget by £100 million, set to be enforced by 2015. The structural changes will begin being implemented from 5 November, with the boundary changes set for completion by July 2013. 
 ACE chief executive, Alan Davey said: ‘These savings have been challenging to achieve, given our already pared down structure. There is an absolute need for the Arts Council to remain an intelligent investor, leading growth and ambition in an arts and cultural sector which contributes so much to the wealth, quality of life and reputation of our nation. We’ll do less and we’ll do it differently – but we’ll do it well.’ 
 Leave a comment 
 Teaching Drama tweets 
 Error: Twitter did not respond. Please wait a few minutes and refresh this page. 
 Menu 
 
 About 
 Magazine 
 
 Email Subscription 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 3,724 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 Teaching Drama Magazine 
 
 Teaching Drama Magazine 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
