
 Home 
 Working Abroad 
 Volunteering Abroad 
 
 Volunteer at an Orphanage Abroad 
 An Orphanage Assistant in Ghana 
 Volunteer in Malawi, Africa 
 Volunteer Work with Animals Abroad 
 
 
 Teach English Abroad 
 
 Best Places to Teach English Abroad 
 Teach English in China 
 Teach English in Thailand 
 
 
 Ski Resort Jobs 
 
 Ski Season Work 
 Work to Ski or Ski to Work 
 Snowboard and Ski Instructor Jobs 
 Becoming a Ski Instructor 
 Chalet Host Jobs 
 Best Ski Resort Employment Opportunities 
 Ski Season Employers 
 Ski Work - Argentina, Chile, and Down Under 
 North America Ski Jobs - USA, Canada 
 Ski Season Employment - Europe 
 
 
 Cruise Ship Jobs 
 
 Working Aboard a Cruise Ship 
 Cruise Ship Life 
 Crown Recruitment for Royal Caribbean Cruise Lines 
 Spa and Fitness Jobs on Cruise Ships 
 Harding Brothers - Retail Jobs on Cruise Ships 
 Steiner International - Work on Cruise Ships 
 
 
 Beach Resort Jobs 
 
 European Resort Jobs 
 Europe's Top Clubbing Resorts for Summer Jobs 
 
 
 
 Working Abroad Magazine 
 Work, Travel, and Live Abroad 
 
 Gap Year 
 Jobs Abroad 
 
 Teach English Abroad 
 Australia Jobs 
 Czech Republic 
 Dubai Jobs 
 Greece Jobs 
 India Jobs 
 New Zealand Jobs 
 
 
 Sports Jobs 
 
 Ski Jobs 
 Sailing Instructor 
 SCUBA Jobs 
 Surfing Jobs 
 
 
 Volunteer Abroad 
 
 Animals 
 Relief Work 
 
 
 Summer Jobs 
 Job Search 
 Work Permits 
 Study Abroad 
 
 You are here:  Home  / Archives for  Jobs Abroad  / Australia Jobs 
 Working Hostels in Western Australia 
 The previous post showed a list of working hostels in the sunshine state of Queensland, Australia. Now for Western Australia. I have chosen a few main hostels in opposite ends of the region. There are many others in-between and these are often best discovered once in the country itself, by speaking with fellow backpackers, or […] 
 Filed Under:  Australia Jobs ,  Hostels  Tagged With:  australia hostels ,  hostels ,  work abroad ,  Youth Hostels 
 Working Hostels - Victoria & New South Wales 
 To continue the theme of working your way across Australia using working hostels, here is information on the beautiful states of Victoria and New South Wales. For more information on pro's, con's and general tips of working hostels in the world, see my previous post. Victoria is one of the smaller counties and not quite as […] 
 Filed Under:  Australia Jobs  Tagged With:  Australia Jobs ,  cheap accommodations ,  hostels ,  Youth Hostels 
 In the News: Australia Is Top Destination for Work Abroad 
 In the News: Australia is top destination for work abroad Australia is seeing an economic boom right now, which is causing many unemployed people in the United States to choose a continent halfway across the world to find work abroad. The Wall Street Journal recently picked up on this trend, noting that the Australia isn't […] 
 Filed Under:  Australia Jobs  Tagged With:  work abroad ,  work abroad australia 
 Cool Jobs in Australia for Non-Australians! 
 Studies show that around three-quarters of the world's population hate their jobs. You could spend the next few years suffering at the same old position, or you could see what else is out there. Australia.com reminds us of the cool work opportunities available Down Under through Australia's Work & Holiday Visa. This initiative allows young […] 
 Filed Under:  Australia Jobs  Tagged With:  Australia Jobs ,  australia work and holiday visa ,  australia work visa ,  cool jobs in australia ,  work abroad australia 
 Study Abroad in Australia - TAFE Program, Visa Info 
 Australia.com tempts us all to abandon our ordinary lives and whoop it up Down Under through the Work & Holiday visa program. Thousands of travelers from a range of countries, including Malaysia, Chile, and the United States make the journey with dreams of becoming a surf lifesaver, a cattle drover, or a wildlife warrior. But […] 
 Filed Under:  Australia Jobs ,  Study Abroad  Tagged With:  study abroad australia ,  work abroad australia 
 An Invaluable Internship in Australia 
 Amanda, 21, grew up in Hertfordshire, UK, and chose to pursue an MA in journalism in Australia. Her jobs in Australia included reporter - intern positions at The Illawarra Mercury in Wollongong and B Magazine in Sydney. What job were you doing? Reporter - Intern Why did you choose to work there? I was living […] 
 Filed Under:  Australia Jobs  Tagged With:  Australia Jobs ,  internships ,  Internships Abroad ,  work in australia 
 Temp Work Abroad in Australia 
 THE LOW-DOWN ON DOWN-UNDER! by Adam English Australia, the land down under - it's one of the most popular destinations in the world for travellers and temporary workers. In fact, some 43% of young people want time out to go to Oz before they settle into their chosen careers. So what do you need to […] 
 Filed Under:  Australia Jobs ,  Jobs Abroad  Tagged With:  Australia Jobs ,  hostels ,  Jobs Abroad ,  working holiday 
 Recent Post 
 
 Best Summer Jobs Abroad 
 I don't know about you, but here on the East Coast spring is in full swing, and …  [Read More...] 
 
 Organization Spotlight: Awesome Work & Travel 
 5 Reasons to Work Abroad this Summer 
 Kite Surfing Anyone? 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 - Working Abroad Magazine - All rights reserved -  Privacy Policy   -  Cookie Policy  
