Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Café Manager 
 Second Cup 
 __Spruce Grove, AB 
 Apply Now 
 As a Corporate Café Manager, you will be running a cafe with a national company behind you. Your café will be an important part of the surrounding community. You'll lead your team of baristas as the front line of Second Cup; providing exceptional customer service to every guest and maintaining operational standards in cafe. You’ll lead cafe operations, guest experience, product quality, financial performance– ensuring that our sales and profit goals are met-, inventory management, team development and staffing. Best of all, you'll help your team create a world class experience every day. 
 Key Responsibilities: 
 
 Leadership 
 Champions world class guest service in cafe, by training and holding your baristas accountable for the delivery of exceptional guest service. 
 Drives the implementation of Second Cup programs by developing action plans to train and motivate your team to execute company initiatives and adhere to operational standards 
 Plans, communicates and delegates responsibilities within your team to ensure execution of daily operations. 
 Provides on the spot coaching and direction to your team to take action and achieve operational goals. Constantly reviews cafe environment and key performance indicators to identify strengths, weaknesses, and opportunities for improvement. Coaches team to take action and achieve operational success in all areas. 
 Business Acumen – 
 Utilizes all operational tools to achieve operational standards in café. Tools include labour tracking, profit maker – cash/grind sheet, payroll, purchase log, inventory tracking, flash report, weekly cost reconciliation and P&L, Period end Profit and Loss, and cash management resources. 
 Utilizes café budget to assess financial performance and identify areas of success and opportunity and develop action plans to drive café sales. 
 Team Building and Development – 
 Actively manages baristas by conducting annual performance assessments, providing direction and on the spot coaching to maintain and improve performance, develop specific goals for each barista to drive individual performance. 
 Utilizes coaching and performance management tools to manage ongoing barista performance. 
 Planning – 
 Monitors and assesses staffing levels against café sales performance, ensures talent acquisition and achievement of Second Cup operational standards. 
 Communicates regularly and consistently with team to ensure execution of operational standards, Second Cup programs and initiatives, and local café activities. 
 
 KNOWLEDGE AND EXPERIENCE 
 
 Progressively responsible retail management experience (3 years) 
 Supervision (2+ years) 
 Experience analyzing financial reports 
 Direct experience working with a budget 
 Profit and Loss analysis and action plan development 
 Basic Qualifications 
 Maintain regular and consistent attendance and punctuality, with or without reasonable accommodation 
 Available to work flexible hours including early mornings, evenings, weekends and/or holidays 
 Available to work flexible hours that may include a total of 40 or more hours per week 
 3 or more years of experience in a role that requires frequent interaction with guests, fulfilling guest requests and responsibility for addressing guest issues, questions and suggestions OR 
 a Bachelor’s degree or higher in business or hospitality management 
 3 or more years of management experience, defined as follows: 
 Direct supervision over 2 or more employees 
 Responsibility for training and developing teams 
 Responsibility over P&L, inventory management, other budget or sales target development 
 Responsibility for managing labor costs (e.g., scheduled hours, controlling overtime, etc.) 
 High School degree/ GED 
 
 PERSONAL CHARACTERISTICS AND COMPETENCIES 
 
 Ability to manage cafe operations independently 
 Ability to manage multiple situations simultaneously 
 Ability to manage resources ensuring world class guest service levels are achieved at all times 
 Strong communication and interpersonal skills 
 Knowledge of customer service techniques 
 Knowledge of supervisory practices and procedures 
 Organization and planning skills 
 Strong operational skills in a guest service environment 
 Strong problem-solving and analytical skills 
 Team-building skills 
 Strong leadership skills, with the ability to coach and develop others 
 Ability to handle confidential and sensitive information 
 
 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION (E.G. Working Conditions, Job Dimensions) 
 
 Physical Requirements 
 
 Constant standing, walking 
· Occasional pushing, pulling, lifting or carrying up to 40 lbs 
· Occasional ascending or descending ladders, stairs, ramps. 
· Constant computer/POS Register and espresso bar equipment usage. 
· Frequent, continual, intermittent flexing or rotation of the wrist(s) and spine. 
· Constant reaching, turning, and performing precision work around espresso bar area 
 The Second Cup Limited is an equal opportunity employer. We would like to thank all applicants for their interest. Only those applicants under consideration will be contacted. For additional information on our organization, please visit us at www.secondcup.com. 
 Second Cup would like to hear from all interested candidates; accommodations are available throughout the recruitment process and the duration of employment. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Experience: 
 
 Management: 3 years (Required) 
 Employee Supervision: 2 years (Required) 
 P&L and Budgeting: 1 year (Required) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
