Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Assistant/Associate Professor 
 University of Alberta 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry - Department of Ophthalmology and Visual Sciences 
Competition No. - A104437199D3 
Closing Date - Will remain open until filled. 
 The University of Alberta, Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry, in partnership with Alberta Health Services, invites applications for a contingent tenure-track position of Assistant/Associate Professor within the Department of Ophthalmology and Visual Sciences to start on July 1, 2020. 
 We seek an outstanding Clinician Investigator who would be committed to the vision of the Department which is to lead patient-centered eye care through integrated service, education and research. 
 Applicants at the Assistant Professor level will have an MD, MD/Masters, or MD/PhD, must have completed residency training in Ophthalmology, be certified or eligible to become a Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada and be eligible for clinical practice as an ophthalmologist in Alberta. Applicants at the Associate Professor level are expected to have an extramurally and nationally recognized research program. 
 The Department of Ophthalmology and Visual Sciences (https://www.ualberta.ca/ophthalmology) consists of over 40 ophthalmologists who work as physicians and surgeons, and who have teaching appointments with the Faculty of Medicine and Dentistry at the University of Alberta. Research takes place within a highly collaborative environment for both fundamental and translational research and builds on inter-departmental strengths in neurobiology, developmental biology, vascular biology, and molecular genetics of vision. Clinical research strengths include clinical trials, ocular genetics, electrophysiology and tele-ophthalmology. The Department also has a vibrant teaching and learning environment with a strong commitment to undergraduate medical education, postgraduate medical education, (residency and fellowship programs), as well as to graduate student education. Many Department members also contribute to the health of underserviced populations both in Northern Alberta as well as in various global contexts. 
 This position will comprise research, educational, clinical, and leadership roles with percentage time allocation in each area dependent on the applicant's strengths and potential contributions. The successful candidate will be provided clinical and operating room allocation at the Eye Institute of Alberta. There will be an expectation to take regular call within the Department on-call schedule and to participate in resident and medical student teaching. Newly renovated laboratory space is also available with an attractive startup support package. There is also support from a productive network of vision scientists who are part of Alberta Vision Net: https://abvision-net.ca 
 The Eye Institute of Alberta (EIA) is a center of excellence for all levels of ophthalmic care and serves a population of almost 4 million people around Edmonton and in the North. The hub of the EIA is the Royal Alexandra Hospital (RAH) but it also includes other Alberta Health Service facilities in the Edmonton zone - the Stollery Children's Hospital, Westview Health Center and the Fort Saskatchewan Community Hospital. 
 The University of Alberta in Edmonton is one of Canada's top teaching and research universities, with an international reputation for excellence across the humanities, sciences, creative arts, business, engineering, and health sciences. Home to 39,000 students and 15,000 faculty and staff, the university has an annual budget of $1.8 billion and attracts more than $480 million in sponsored research revenue. The U of A offers close to 400 rigorous undergraduate, graduate, and professional programs in 18 faculties on five campuses - including one rural and one francophone campus. the university has more than 260,000 alumni worldwide. The university and its people remain dedicated to the promise made in 1908 by founding president Henry Marshall Tory that knowledge shall be used for "uplifting the whole people". 
 Candidates must be certified or eligible to become a Fellow of the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada. See the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada for more information on various routes of credentials (http://www.royalcollege.ca/rcsite/credentials-exams/exam-eligibility-e). 
 Candidates must also be eligible for clinical practice as an ophthalmologist in Alberta (see http://www.cpsa.ca) 
 Remuneration for this position will be commensurate with qualifications and experience. 
 For full consideration please send via online application electronic copies of curriculum vitae, a letter explaining strengths as well as potential contributions in academic areas, and three letters of reference. 
 To assist the University in complying with mandatory reporting requirements of the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act (R203(3) (e)), please include the first digit of your Canadian Social Insurance Number in your application. If you do not have a Canadian Social Insurance Number, please indicate this in your application. 
 How to Apply 
Mail 
Meagan Strachan 
Department of Ophthalmology 
2304, 10240 Kingsway Avenue NW 
Edmonton, Alberta, CANADA T5H 3V9 
 Email 
mstracha@ualberta.ca 
 All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. If suitable Canadian citizens or permanent residents cannot be found, other individuals will be considered. The University of Alberta is committed to an equitable, diverse, and inclusive workforce. We welcome applications from all qualified persons. We encourage women; First Nations, Métis and Inuit persons; members of visible minority groups; persons with disabilities; persons of any sexual orientation or gender identity and expression; and all those who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas and the University to apply. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
