Michigan Workers Comp Lawyers | Law Offices of Alex Berman, PC 
 
 Workers Compensation 
 
 Injured at Work 
 How a Lawyer Can Help 
 Workers' Comp Resources 
 Benefits Denied / Terminated 
 Video Library 
 Podcasts 
 
 
 Construction 
 Client Testimonials 
 Blog 
 About Us 
 
 Our Attorneys 
 Office Locations 
 Awards and Honors 
 Attorney Referrals 
 Law Scholarship 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 Injured? Free Advice (855) 221-2667 
 Home  > Can You Quit Your Job While On Workers' Comp? 
 Can You Quit Your Job While On Workers' Comp? 
 Written by  Jeffrey Kaufman . Posted on December 8, 2020. 
  __Share 
  __Tweet 
  __Email 
  __Share 
 __Pin 
 4 Shares 
 Michigan lawyer answers the question: Can you quit your job while on workers’ comp? 
 We understand the stress and worry that goes along with a workers’ comp claim. It is not easy supporting a family on disability benefits. Employers also force people back to work in jobs that are demeaning. It can be a real challenge balancing medical appointments and a work schedule. Many of our clients want to know if they can quit their jobs and move on with their lives. Can you quit your job while on workers’ comp? The answer is ‘yes,’ but there are some big consequences. 
 Wage loss benefits under workers’ comp when you quit the job 
 Michigan law protects employees hurt on-the-job. It pays disability benefits equal to 80% of an employee’s after-tax average weekly wage. Overtime, discontinued fringe benefits, and even second jobs are factored into this calculation. The money paid is income tax free and continues for the entire length of disability. 
 Employers have the right to offer light duty instead of paying wage loss benefits. These jobs must be within an employee’s restrictions and be a reasonable distance from their home. Failure to accept light duty will result in a forfeiture of disability benefits. 
 Our experience shows that employers play games so that people quit. We have seen employees who are told to do nothing more than stare at an empty parking lot. Unfortunately, this is a valid job offer. Can you quit your job while on workers’ comp? Yes, but an employee will be considered to have voluntarily given up his or her wage loss benefits. 
 Situations get even worse when an employer does not offer light duty. Even if there is no job available, quitting can be used as a defense to paying future wage loss benefits. The employer will say a job would have been offered but the employee voluntarily removed himself or herself from the work force. It is important to speak with an experienced lawyer before quitting or taking other employment action. 
 Medical treatment 
 Employees who are hurt on-the-job are also entitled to medical care. This includes all reasonable and necessary medical treatment. There should never be any copayments or deductibles owed. Employees can select their own doctor after 28 days from the start of medical care. 
 Can you quit your job while on workers’ comp and still get medical treatment? The answer is 100% yes! Many of our clients find new jobs and really don’t care about losing wage loss benefits. But medical treatment is needed for life and they don’t want to give it up. Don’t let the employer or its insurance company refuse to cover medical bills just because you quit the job. Call an experienced lawyer if this should occur. 
 Settlements 
 Settlement is a good option for many people who have a claim. It allows them to trade wage loss and medical benefits for a lump sum cash payment. This money can be used for any purpose including medical treatment, vocational rehabilitation, starting a business, or paying off debt. 
 The amount of money paid is going to depend upon how much the insurance company thinks it will have to pay in future benefits. Can you quit your job while on workers’ comp? Sure, but it could reduce any settlement paid because wage loss benefits are no longer owed. We recommend trying to settle a case before leaving employment. 
 Our law firm never charges a fee to evaluate a potential case. Our law firm has represented injured and disabled workers exclusively for more than 35 years. Call (844) 316-8033 for a free consultation today. 
 Related information: 
 Workers’ Compensation and Fired While On Light Duty 
  __Share 
  __Tweet 
  __Email 
  __Share 
 __Pin 
 4 Shares 
 Injured On 
The Job A Guide to Michigan Workers Compensation Law  Free Book 
 Michigan Workers Compensation Attorneys Answer | What You Need To Know Now 
 Free Consultation 
 
 
 First Name* 
 
 
 Last Name* 
 
 
 Email* 
 
 
 Phone* 
 
 
 Message* 
 
 
 Please verify your request * 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. 
 Workers Comp Blog Does Workers' Comp Affect Future Employment? Does Workers' Comp Show Up On Background Checks? How To Check On A Workers' Comp Claim Status: What You Need To Know 
 Follow Us 
 Toll-free / Free Consultation:(855) 221-2667 
 
 
 Farmington Hills 
 
 
 30101 Northwestern Highway, Suite 250 
 
 
 Farmington Hills, MI 48334 
 
 
 (248) 284-7285 
 
 
 Detroit 
 
 
 645 Griswold St, Suite 1308 
 
 
 Detroit, MI 48226 
 
 
 (313) 925-3169 
 
 
 Grand Rapids 
 
 
 330 Fulton Street East #250 
 
 
 Grand Rapids, MI 49503 
 
 
 (616) 871-2820 
 
 
 (C) 2021 Workers Comp Lawyers Help. All rights reserved. 
 Disclaimer: This information is for general informational purposes only and should not be relied upon as legal advice without consulting with licensed attorney. This is not intended to substitute for the advice of an attorney. The law is subject to frequent changes and varies from one jurisdiction to another. Some of the information on this site may be deemed ATTORNEY ADVERTISING in some states. No attorney-client relationship is formed nor should any such relationship be implied. Past results are no guarantee of future results. Attorney Alex Berman of Michigan Workers Comp Lawyers is responsible for the content of legal advertisements. His office address is 30101 Northwestern Highway, Suite 250, Farmington Hills, Michigan, 48334 and his telephone number is (248) 284-7285. 
