Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 In Conversation With: Sean Aiken of One-Week Job 
 Mike Vardy    12th May    Career   3 Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=In%20Conversation%20With%3A%20Sean%20Aiken%20of%20One-Week%20Job%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fyour-job%2Fin-conversation-with-sean-aiken-of-one-week-job%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 While we're all striving to have an awesome time working at one job, I scored an interview with a gentleman you managed to do so with 52 of them over the span of one year! 
 Introducing Sean Aiken, founder and "do-er" of  The One-Week Job Project . I met Sean last year at a local  TEDx  event and after hearing about his project, I knew I had to keep up with his adventures. He's been featured on several major news outlets (New York Times, CBC, CNN, 20/20, among others) and has authored a book on the subject and documented his story on film as well. During my conversation with Sean, he discusses the reasons he embarked upon this year long journey and what his results were. I can tell you that his book about it, entitled (appropriately)  The One-Week Job Project  is available now at fine bookstores - both online and not-so-online. He's also completed his film and was showcasing it at a private premiere this week. Hopefully it'll come to a theatre or television near you in the not-too-distant future. 
 Mike Vardy 
You’ve got this site, book, film, etc. that’s based around the concept of One-Week Job. It’s basically about having a different job a week…over the course of an entire year. 
 Sean Aiken 
That’s right. 52 different jobs in 52 weeks. 
 Mike Vardy 
What made you decide to do that? 
 Sean Aiken 
Well, I realized I didn’t know what I wanted to do as a career, so I wanted to try different jobs – see what I liked and didn’t like – and see what I need in a career to be happy. 
 Mike Vardy 
When most people go out looking for work, they go out and look for something in a way that narrows their scope. They want a job in a particular field. In your case, you started with a wide angle to your search. What was the goal? Was the goal for you to find out what you wanted to do or did it have (or end up having) some sort of higher purpose - that people should try everything? Ultimately, what did you set out to accomplish? 
 Sean Aiken 
Well, I think a mistake that a lot people make is that they focus on the end title - a specific career tile that they are looking for. They want to be a teacher or a doctor, lawyer, etc. - but they don't actually think about the characteristics that goes into the job: 
 
 What's the lifestyle like? 
 What are the type of people that you"re going to be working with? 
 What's the work environment like? 
 
 So I wanted to start with basically nothing on the table and ask myself things like: 
 
 What is there that I need in a career to make me happy? 
 How can I start learning about the characteristics that I'd like to have in a career? 
 
 Then I could start piecing the puzzle together. 
 Mike Vardy 
So, how long is your resumé now? 
 Sean Aiken 
It would be 52 pages long. (laughs) Actually, I try to sum it up in a couple of pages…but it could be quite extensive. 
 Mike Vardy 
What was the most awesome job you had during the project? 
 Sean Aiken 
I'd say that probably my most awesome job was working at Steam Whistle Brewery in Toronto. It's a micro-brewery. The people there are incredible - right down from the CEO and the president to the brewery worker. Everybody really loves their job and enjoys working there. Everyone gets treated with respect and basically it's got the mentality that, "When you're having fun, we expect you to work your hardest while having the most fun you can. When you're at work we expect you to work your hardest doing your job." That mentality trickles down and really does well for them. 
 Mike Vardy 
And at the end of the day you don't have to go anywhere to have a beer. 
 Sean Aiken 
Yeah. That was awesome, too. 
 Mike Vardy 
Since you were only at each job for one week, I have to ask: How many “Going Away” party banners did you end up collecting? 
 Sean Aiken 
(laughs) Several. There were several of them. I definitely don’t think I could have kept that up for a full year. 
 Mike Vardy 
So, 52 jobs later…52 weeks later…what job did you eventually realize was for you? 
 Sean Aiken 
You’ll have to read the book to find out! 
 (I thoroughly enjoyed chatting with Sean and any feedback on whether you'd like me to do more interviews down the road would be, well, awesome! If you would like to see more of this sort of thing, any suggestions of those you'd like to read an  " In Conversation With"  would be greatly appreciated. The sky's the limit when it comes to those suggestions - so let 'em rip!) 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 featured (489) 
 
 
 Office Life (61) 
 
 
 Work Life (62) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Mike Vardy  |  Website  |  Twitter  |  Facebook  |  Other Articles 
 Mike Vardy an editor on  Work Awesome . We could tell you where his personal productivity parody site,  Eventualism  and all of his other projects reside on the web, but you'd be best served going to  Vardy.me  and following the trail of virtual bread crumbs from there. 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     10 Tips for Better Health at Work  
  _ _     3 Easy Steps to Creating a Habit  
  _ _     Finding Your Passion and Inner Calling  
 
 Discussion 
 
 3 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 
 Luc Bélanger  on the 12th May 
 
 Reply   
 Thanks for sharing this interview and project with us! 
 
 Michael  on the 13th May 
 
 Reply   
 Sounds like Dirty Jobs, only less funny. 
 
 Kevin Groenendaal  on the 13th May 
 
 Reply   
 Great article, am interested in their book! 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
