
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Look At This! it's a Full-time job 
 Own Up is looking for a Product Designer in Boston, MA, USA. Not an ordinary Product Designer but the kind of Product Designer that makes other Product Designers question their Product Designer-ness. 
 About 
 We are: 
 Own Up is a fast-growing, Boston-based mortgage tech startup that is helping people save money when buying or refinancing a home. We work in our customers' best interest, making sure that they get the best possible deal on their mortgage. 
We're looking to grow our product organization and want to hire someone who is excited about helping us shape our team, processes, and culture. 
 You are: 
 Someone who is motivated by helping people make big difficult anxiety ridden decisions. You are someone who is passionate about clearly communicating complicated information through the power of simple and professional looking design. There is a lot of smoke and mirrors in the mortgage space and Own Up endeavors to do things differently by creating clarity for customers throughout the buying journey. To do this, you will work with our product and development team to make our design feel professional, clearly describe what we do, and intuitively communicate complicated financial information in multiple formats. 
 What you’ll do: 
 - Lead UX/UI development for an autonomous portion of our product. 
- Deeply understand our customers and their motivations, zero-ing in on the most important problems to be solved in your area. 
- Gather user and project requirements to create conceptual wireframes, prototypes, and final designs for customer and home advisor facing experiences. 
- Focus on creating an intuitive user-experience and rigorously testing your work. 
- Communicate concepts and design rationale to project stakeholders 
- Contribute to a multidisciplinary team that can include developers, marketers, and product managers, to ship new products, features, and improvements based on business objectives, usability studies, and research metrics 
- Help evolve our young brand (name/brand change is only 8 months old!) and have that be reflected in our design. 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
   
   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://www.workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7629-own-up-product-designer  
 On-site required? 
 Yes 
 Experience 
 3-6 years 
 Skills 
 Experience Design, Figma, Human-Centered Design, User Research 
 Date Posted 
 November 2, 2020 
 Managed By 
 Ari Sussman 
 Perks 
 
 Retirement Plan 
 Generous Vacation 
 Maternity / Paternity 
 Stock options 
 
 Fine Print 
 None 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
