Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Relief Behavioural Support Workers 
 Hollyburn Family Services 
 __Lower Mainland, BC 
 Apply Now 
 At Hollyburn Family Services, we empower growth and inspire change and we’re looking for people to join our team who want to do the same. If this sounds like you, read on. We’d love to have you on our team. 
 At Hollyburn, we value our Relief Team’s contribution to our clients’ well-being and success. Whether you are looking to gather experience in this field on your path to a full time career, or you are looking for flexible, part time work to augment your income or to work around family or school obligations, this may be the perfect opportunity for you. You are a positive, energetic role model who has a passion and skill for providing support, as part of a team, to care for and act as a mentor in supporting the personal growth for children and/or youth. 
 We are looking for Relief (Casual) Behavioural Support Workers for our Special Needs therapeutic homes in the Lower Mainland, BC. Our programs serve children, youth, and young adults with Autism Spectrum Disorder and behavioural challenges. We are looking for Relief Workers who can be available for all shifts (7am-3pm; 3pm-11pm; 11pm-7am; 24-hour) and must be available for one weekend day per week. 
 Locations include:  North Vancouver, Burnaby, New Westminster, Surrey, Delta, Langley. 
 You must have: 
A high school diploma (post-secondary education in ECE, ABA, Psychology or related field is a plus) 
Ability to pass a Criminal Record Check and Ministry of Children and Family Development consolidated check 
Clear and concise written and verbal communication 
Availability for weekend shifts and/or 24-hour shifts 
Unrestricted BC Class 5 Driver's License 
 You’ll score more points if you have: 
Awareness of the Autism Spectrum 
Experience working with children/youth with Autism Spectrum Disorder 
Experience working with children/youth with severe behavioural challenges and mental health issues 
Current First Aid/CPR and Non-Violent Crisis Intervention certificates 
Good understanding of crisis management 
Knowledge of supportive strategies, needs, and risk assessments 
Knowledge of therapeutic approaches 
Demonstrated experience dealing with challenging behaviours and de-escalation techniques in residential settings 
Experience in creating social stories, visuals aids, sensory integration and report writing 
Experience coordinating recreational activities in the community 
 A small sample of what you’ll be doing: 
Maintaining a safe and healthy environment in the home 
Building positive working relationships with clients, family, and professionals involved in the care team 
Facilitating recreational and/or educational activities 
Encouraging and modeling acceptable social standards and setting and maintaining appropriate limits 
Engaging in frequent interaction with clients, using appropriate means of communication 
Household maintenance duties and supporting clients with personal care as needed 
 Salary:  $20.95-$21.50/hour 
 Because we know you are our most important asset: 
At Hollyburn, the health and safety of our employees, our clients and everyone’s families is our number one priority. We are following all protocols set forth by Provincial Health and local health authorities. We conduct health checks at the beginning of every shift, including personal assessment of health and temperature screening. In programs and in our Administrative offices, we continue to be vigilant of hand washing, high touch surface cleaning and physical distancing. We also require the wearing of masks at all times when working in the program and in public spaces of our Administrative offices. 
 If you’re still reading this and are as excited to join us as we are excited that you read this whole posting, then do not delay! Continue through our process, click the links to get to know us better, answer our screening questions with intention, and attach the required documents: your most recent resume, the front of your BC Class 5 Driver's License, and any relevant and current relevant certifications (e.g. NVCI, Mandt, First Aid). 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
