Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 How to Handle a Career Transition 
 Caitlin Giles    31st July    Career   Leave a Comment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=How%20to%20Handle%20a%20Career%20Transition%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fyour-job%2Fcareer-transition-2%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Depending on  why  you are choosing, or have chosen, to  switch careers  you may be facing a variety of emotions — but it’s a safe bet that they will include both exhilaration and trepidation. 
 Finding your feet in a new field can take time. 
 That’s why it’s a good idea to lay the groundwork by taking at least one course that relates to the area you plan to work in, even if you’re just moving within a certain field. 
 Not only will this help acquaint you with any legal and professional issues you need to be across, it will also inform you about practices and information that might, at the beginning, be unfamiliar. 
 It’s important to choose a study program carefully and wisely.  Online courses  are very popular now, as they are flexible and can be fitted in around other commitments. 
 Use a good, comprehensive resource and make sure that you select a course that meets your needs and goals. Embarking on a period of study is also a great way to connect with others who will also be entering your chosen field, via online professional forums connected with the subject. 
 Once you’ve done the groundwork and got the qualifications you need, you’ll be ready to  apply  for positions and, very soon, you’ll be embarking on your first day. 
 However coursework can be tough, especially if it’s been years since you’ve been in class. Here are some tips about how to prepare: 
 1. Hang in There 
 The first few days of embarking on a course, be it online or at a college, are going to be exhausting as you get your head around new material and  routines . Expect this and don’t be too hard on yourself. 
 2. Be Organized 
 If you have written coursework that needs to be completed, plan a regime to get it done on time. Don’t leave it until the night before it needs to be handed in – both your work and your  nerves  will suffer. Remember, this is an investment in your future: Take it seriously. 
 3. Be Enthusiastic 
 No one likes a moaner and there’s something infectious about enthusiasm. Seek out ways you can enhance your studies. 
 Perhaps you can volunteer for something connected to the career you have chosen? Some  colleges  and online courses will even help you partner with organizations that offer internships. Take advantage of this. 
 4. Get to Know Your New Field 
 Don’t expect your coursework to give you all the information. Do your own research. Make a habit of scanning magazines and newspapers for news relating to the area you plan to work in. 
 Look at the  mission statements  of relevant companies. It also doesn’t hurt to start looking at advertisements for the kind of jobs that you will be seeking before you actually finish your course. 
 That way you can be filling in any holes in your qualifications and experience before it reaches the I –need-to-find-a-job D-day. 
 5. Be Proactive 
 Make notes of things you don’t understand and follow them up, either with your tutor or by doing further  research  yourself. You might be surprised at how quickly you begin to see issues and potential problems in your new chosen field of work. 
 These are important to analyze, as they may help you come up with solutions when you find a job. Be careful, though, to frame criticism in a positive and non-judgmental way, bearing in mind that many companies have ingrained issues that have built up over time and may be more complex than they first appear. 
 6. Work on Relationships 
 Seek out supporters and  mentors . It’s likely that over the first few weeks of taking a course, even an online one, you will find a tutor you click with. 
 Do a bit of research on them, and don’t be afraid to shoot them an email to see if they’d have time to share some tips or advice. 
 7. Be Kind to Yourself 
 You are going to find the initial stages of transitioning to a new career challenging and exhausting, give yourself a  break  and don’t be too hard on yourself. Plan some treats and well-deserved relaxation time and try to keep things in perspective. You will succeed in the end. 
 (   Photo   by Unsplash /   CC BY   ) 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 advancement (41) 
 
 
 career transition (3) 
 
 
 Goals (58) 
 
 
 Job Search (25) 
 
 
 motivation (46) 
 
 
 New Job (23) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Caitlin Giles  |  Website  |  Other Articles 
 Caitlin Giles is a professional career coach. Her passion for career coaching stems from her desire to help people reach their career aspirations and offer them genuine guidance and support as they make their life-changing transition. She works in partnership with  www.tafecourses.com.au  to provide her clients with advice on courses that will improve their career opportunities. Her success can be largely attributed to her natural ability to empathize with her clients. When she isn’t coaching, she enjoys cooking up a storm for her family and friends. 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     WorkAwesome Podcast: Episode 6 - Karen Brelsford  
  _ _     Give Your Job Application the Edge with an Online Profile  
  _ _     The Power of Preparedness  
 
 Discussion 
 
 0 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 No Comments yet, be the first! 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
