Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Fundamentals Analyst 
 Petronas Canada 
 __Calgary, AB 
 Apply Now 
 If you’re looking for a company that’s ambitious in its thinking, has a thirst for learning and a drive to improve and innovate… you’ve come to the right place. 
 We want people who share our enthusiasm for curiosity and diversity of thought to join us on our journey. People who are passionate about what they do and will help build our company’s great future. In return, we’ll provide challenging work, professional development and competitive compensation. 
 The Role 
 PETRONAS Canada currently has a vacancy for a Fundamentals Analyst to join our team in Calgary, AB. Reporting to the Manager, Marketing, the successful candidate will be a self-motivated and team-oriented individual responsible for analyzing demand, supply and pricing trends in the natural gas, crude oil and NGL markets. The ideal candidate will be comfortable working in an open office environment. This individual will help develop independent, in-depth, fundamentals-based outlooks for North American natural gas, crude oil and natural gas liquids and will collaborate closely with key areas of the organization (including Operations, Development, Midstream, and Marketing). 
 Key Responsibilities and Accountabilities 
 Evaluate and analyze North American market fundamentals that have a direct effect on netbacks, including but not limited to: North American natural gas demand and domestic/international LNG, North American natural gas/oil supply, storage, pipeline flows, and competitor intelligence 
Evaluate and analyze a liquids fundamental outlook for Western Canada and North American NGL markets, including helping to create a pricing point of view for each commodity (C3, C4 & C5) 
Develop and maintain processes to evaluate and integrate all relevant market data and information to ensure PETRONAS is working with leading edge market intelligence 
Develop reports and presentations for senior management 
Communicate key market drivers and fundamental shifts in the North American natural gas/oil markets to the senior leadership team 
Perform ad-hoc research and analysis as requested. These requests will include building models and maintaining databases for market pricing, fundamental models, and reporting, as well as preparing presentation materials and ad hoc reports. 
 Required Education, Experience and Skills 
 Undergraduate degree in Commerce, Economics, Finance, Engineering, or related; a graduate degree would be an asset 
Minimum two years of analytical experience; exposure to natural gas/crude oil analysis and/or understanding of natural gas pipeline grid strongly preferred 
Well-demonstrated technical acumen including Excel and PowerPoint expertise and the ability to work with large data sets. Data mining, programming (VBA, SQL), econometrics, familiarity with Access, and forecasting skills would be an asset. 
Effective oral and written communication skills, with the ability to develop and maintain strong working relationships with all levels in the organization 
Ability to manage and adapt quickly and comfortably to changing priorities 
Keen attention to detail with the ability to develop answers to a broad range of questions 
 Applications will be accepted until December 1, 2020. 
 Why Choose PETRONAS Canada: 
Competitive compensation and bonus programs 
Comprehensive benefits package, including a Health Spending Account 
Generous employer-matched savings plan 
Flexible work schedules for office employees, with the option of Friday afternoons off 
Vacation, flex, and designated office closure days 
Commitment to volunteerism in the communities in which we operate 
Annual company charity donation 
Support for training and professional development, including reimbursement of professional association dues 
PETRONAS Canada would like to thank all applicants for their interest in joining our team; however only the candidates selected for interviews will be contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
