  
 
 Jobs 
 Features 
 Newsletter 
 Login 
 
 Talent  Startup 
 I am a 
 Jobseeker Talent 
 or a 
 Hiring Startup 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign up using linkedin   __ 
 Hello 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign in using linkedin   __ 
 Employers  __ 
 Employers  __ 
 __filters __search 
 Filter by category 
 All Jobs Developer Jobs Marketing Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Manager Jobs Customer Support Jobs Sales Jobs Data and Product Jobs Internships Co-Founder Roles Designer Jobs People and Other Jobs 
 Filter by type 
 full-time part-time freelance 
 Advanced Search 
 search jobs __ 
 Inside Sales Manager 
 at MOONA 
 go back to Sales Jobs 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 __ ₤50000 - ₤70000 per year 
 
 
 
 apply 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 __ ₤50000 - ₤70000 per year 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 
 
 Contract: Full-time 
Salary: £50k-£70k + unlimited OTE ( subject to past experience ) 
Work place: Based in London 
Start date: ASAP 
 Moona is a unique online payment solution that offers £5 discounts to the shoppers on each order. We want to reinvent the online shopping experience, by focusing on building a unique shopper-centric solution. 
Our mission is to simplify shoppers' online experience by offering high value-added services through a "super checkout". 
 Product & Vision 
 Product 
 Moona is a unique online payment solution for merchants that offers £5 discounts 
to the shoppers on each order. 
With Moona, the shoppers get £5 off directly on the payment page. 
Our model is based on a yearly membership paid by shoppers, allowing them to receive unlimited £5 discounts on each order, and at no cost for the merchant. 
Moona is a cross merchant solution. Once I am a Moona member, my membership works on all Moona's merchants' partner 
 Vision 
Today, checkout is still a particularly painful step for online shoppers. We believe there's a better way. By focusing on building a unique shopper-centric payment method, our disruptive approach turns the old-fashioned checkout on its head. 
We are convinced that, in order to offer value to merchants, great value must be offered to shoppers first. 
With easy-to-use technology and services, Moona offers its members the best online checkout experience: unlimited instant discounts, 1-click payment, and soon: free returns, free shipping, anti-fraud guarantees, options to pay later or in installments, and many other services. 
We're making online shopping simpler and more accessible via checkout benefits that shoppers actually value. 
Our goal? To build the new standard for online payment. 
 Our Culture 
We are looking for talents that are very sensitive to user experience, and with the 
willingness to change e-commerce practices by providing more value to the eshoppers. 
- Be ambitious: Think big and worldwide 
- Be simple: keep the essential 
- Be focus: Do one thing really, really well 
 Work Ethics 
 Trust & Accountability  : Our employees take personal ownership of growing the company. We hold ourselves and our teams accountable for outcomes, whatever they may be. We trust employees to best know how to get the work done and truly support work/life balance. 
 Diversity  : We're committed to building a company that prioritises diversity and fosters a culture of inclusivity, where different perspectives are valued. 
 The founding team has a strong background and past successes in the SaaS, E-commerce and payment industries. With solid experiences in B2B and B2C contexts, the founders want to create in Moona a unique place where user empathy and data are at the core of the product and the model. 
Their product and business DNA are key to reach their ambition. 
 What are we looking for ? 
We are looking for a inside sales manager for the UK market : a real leader of "hunters" able to switch between management and closing merchants ! 
A sales manager that is: 
- confortable with the CRM management (we use Hubspot) 
- process and metrics driven 
- able to act proactively to ensure smooth team operations and effective collaboration 
- engaging the team to achieve our sales goals 
 What are you going to do ? 
Moona's main focus is to build partnerships with online E-merchants. 
For the launch, its 100% free for the merchant in order to initiate our Network. 
The go to market sales strategy is to told call small merchant with a short selling cycle 
You will be in charge of building and managing the inside sales team (up 20 sales and the the sdr team). 
As part of your role, your day-to-day activities will include: 
- Build with the founder: the commercial strategy, our value proposition and the negotiation pitch 
- Optimise our sales CRM to maintain well organized data and improve the team's efficiency 
- Recruit high sales performer 
- Create an inspiring team environment with an open communication culture 
- Set clear sales goals 
- Oversee day-to-day sales operation 
- Monitor sales team performance and report on metrics 
- Motivate team members 
- Discover training needs and provide coaching 
- Listen to team members' feedback and resolve any issues or conflicts 
- Recognize high performance and reward accomplishments 
- Encourage creativity and risk-taking 
- Suggest and organize team building activities 
 Requirements ? 
- Proven work experience as inside sales manager or supervisor (3 years minimum) 
- Excellent sales experience in cold calling 
- In-depth knowledge of performance metrics 
- CRM and Excel skills 
- Excellent communication and leadership skills 
- Organizational and time-management skills 
 Benefits 
- 5 to 10 days off in addition of legal 25 days 
- Regular drinks and parties offered 
- Great offices in London and Paris city center 
- Join a fun and energetic team 
- Events and conference trips 
- Team building trips 
 What to expect from our hiring process? 
- 15 minutes introduction call 
- 60 minutes interview with the founder 
- 30 minutes: organisation, logic and personality tests 
- 1 business case presentation with our founding team 
 How to Apply ? 
Does this role sound like a good fit? Send us your CV! 
 Published at 6 Jan 2021 - Expires on 6 Mar 2021 
 You need to be logged in to apply.   Login  or  create an account . 
 Is this job ad fake? Report it! 
 ×  Warning! 
 __get the latest startup jobs emailed to you 
 Developer Jobs Designer Jobs Internships Marketing Jobs Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Co-Founder Roles Data and Product Jobs People and Other Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Customer Support Jobs 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;  
 and 
  Privacy Policy  
 and Cookie Use. 
 New Jobs Alert created! 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;   
 and 
  Privacy Policy   
 and Cookie Use. 
 other jobs at  MOONA 
 fulltime  Inside Sales  at MOONA in London 
 __23-11-2020 
 fulltime  Junior Inside Sales / SDR  at MOONA in London 
 __01-12-2020 
 
 
 * [Terms of Service](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/terms)
 
 
 Privacy 
 Cookie Policy 
 Acceptable Use Policy 
 Still Hiring 
 
 
 
 * [About Us](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/about)
 
 
 FAQ 
 Cities 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 * [__Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/workinstartups/)
 
 
 __Twitter 
 __Instagram 
 Blog 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Work In Startups 
 This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  Read more  Close 
