Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Faculty 
 Royal Roads University 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Faculty Job Description, School of Leadership Studies 
Royal Roads University (RRU) is seeking applications for an Assistant or Associate Professor in the School of Leadership Studies, Faculty of Social and Applied Sciences. The ideal candidate will have a doctoral degree in Leadership Studies or a related field and a minimum of three years of organizational leadership experience. As a full-time member of the RRU Faculty Association (RRUFA) you will be expected to contribute to the areas of teaching, research, scholarship, service, and academic administration, as outlined in the 2019–2022 Collective Agreement. 
 Collegiality 
The School of Leadership Studies has a mission of fostering the imagination, capacity, and courage to lead in extraordinary times, along with four pillars that guide our work: 
 Leadership as Engagement:  Enabling the talents, skills, and aspirations of all members in alignment with an organization’s purpose. 
 Engaged Scholarship:  Connecting knowledge and practice through partnerships between scholars, practitioners and students that generate new perspectives and solutions for social benefit. This is the link between simply studying leadership and having the competencies to enact an engaged, experiential, action-oriented role of a leader. 
 Orientation to Possibility:  Attending to the desirable future and its possibilities as well as its challenges. This principle is critical in being able to constructively and collaboratively work with others. 
 Learning as Transformation:  Transforming our perspectives to come to completely new understandings and ways of being, doing, and knowing. 
 Staff and faculty in the School of Leadership Studies collaborate and consult to deliver the programs under our purview. We are in regular dialogue about our team values and culture and we endeavour to consciously uphold RRU’s vision, values, goals, and commitments. To this end, we are seeking someone who demonstrates collegiality and respect to all members of the school; is a motivated, hard-working, and equitable team player; engages in open communication; is a flexible and adaptable systems thinker; and brings a diversity of skills and lived experiences that will complement and enhance the existing team. 
 Job Requirements 
 Doctorate in degree in a closely aligned discipline 
 Applied Leadership Experience 
 The majority of students in our programs are seeking to improve their capacity to lead in formal leadership positions with designated authority at the emerging, mid-, and senior levels. The ideal candidate would, therefore, possess both a depth and breadth of organizational leadership experiences in diverse contexts in order to (a) teach with the credibility of experience in speaking to the practical application of concepts and theories (b) draw examples from professional experience to illustrate useful practices and lessons learned from mistakes, and (c) mentor leaders as they move into positions with increased responsibility for leading positive organizational culture and facilitating organizational change. 
 Demonstrated Potential to Achieve Excellence in Teaching 
 The School currently hosts a suite of programs related to: 
Multi-sectoral Leadership, 
Health Leadership, 
Global Leadership, 
Values-Based Leadership, and 
Executive Leadership. 
 Our graduate-level programs have been honed over the years to deliver relevant leadership education that is practical and grounded in scholarship. We are a dedicated group of faculty and staff members who are passionate about learning and committed to our students getting the most from their leadership education. We believe that effective leadership can transform people, organizations, and communities. We embrace a theory of change that directly links learning, engagement, and inquiry to leadership. We use a team-teaching model to provide authentic, challenging, collaborative, and engaging learning experiences that model effective teamwork. Serving a professional audience, our approach to leadership education is transdisciplinary in nature. The School takes a systems perspective focusing on interdependence and collaboration in learning and practice. 
 The successful applicant will demonstrate alignment with RRU’s Learning, Teaching, and Research Model (LTRM). Moreover, RRU has been a leader in online education and strives to stay at the forefront of this field. 
 You will be expected to teach several courses a year, both in-person at RRU (barring pandemic restrictions) and via online platforms such as Moodle, Collaborate Ultra, BlueJeans, or Zoom. 
 The ideal candidate will have experience in: 
Graduate-level leadership teaching, 
Creating learner-centered learning environments, 
Designing practice-focused curriculum informed by current concepts, 
Leading experiential learning processes, 
Assessing practice-based learning outcomes, 
Team teaching, and 
Supporting leaders to design and undertake action-oriented capstone projects and theses. 
 In addition, professional experience that would enable you to teach in an area beyond the Multi-Sectoral Master of Arts in Leadership (MAL) program would be an asset: 
 Leadership in the health sector required to teach in the MAL Health specialization 
Mid- to senior-level formal organizational leadership experience required to teach in the Values-Based Leadership certificate and MAL Executive Leadership specialization 
Leadership in global settings required to teach in the MA Global Leadership program 
 We acknowledge that the practice of teaching can be refined over time. Experience in some of the above areas will be considered, along with the demonstrated commitment to lifelong learning, reflexive practice, and the potential to achieve teaching excellence. 
 Administrative Skill 
 As a faculty member, you will have ample opportunity to become an active and engaged organizational citizen. You would contribute at the program and School levels, and would also have opportunities at the campus and community levels. The primary focus of this position will be to take an administrative role in the Multi-Sectoral MAL, a flagship program that admits approximately 100 students annually. As the School’s largest program, MAL has served to enhance the practice of leadership in the business, non-profit, and public sectors for over 25 years. The MAL program has continually been updated and engages students in intensive on-campus sessions (barring pandemic restrictions), online delivery of courses, and action-oriented capstone projects and theses. Leaders join this program from diverse contexts, e.g., the public service, military, band councils, education, health, social services, and the arts, among other organizations and settings. The Program Head role includes developing strong relationships not only with core faculty and staff, but also with contracted instructors (Associate Faculty) and students. Examples of academic administration and service roles include program management; oversight of teaching, assessment, and contracting; program marketing and applicant file adjudication; problem-solving and responding to student concerns; task force and committee membership; meeting attendance; ethical reviews; course revisions; and process development in collaboration with other faculty and staff in the School. 
 Research and Scholarship 
In addition to administrative and teaching roles, you will be expected to develop and engage in your own program of research, resulting in publications, conference presentations, and other knowledge products. You must have at minimum an emerging program of research that you will build over time. 
 The ideal candidate will have: 
Familiarity with action-oriented methodologies, methods, and approaches to research, 
A record of practice-oriented social inquiry with experience in engaged, collaborative research projects, and 
Capacity to communicate research outcomes to academic and other diverse audiences using a range of creative tools and the ability to mentor others to do the same. 
 Diversity, Inclusion, and Responding to the TRC’s calls to Action 
Aligned with the UN’s 16th sustainable development goal (SDG), we are committed to the recognition of past and current inequities to support effective, accountable, and inclusive organizations and institutions. We strive to amplify Indigenous, intercultural, and intersectional perspectives and have been actively working to support and expand on RRU’s commitments to: 
 Enhance the inclusion and engagement of people of diverse backgrounds and ideas in all aspects of university life, and 
Implement the recommendations of the Truth and Reconciliation Commission and honour the UN Declaration on the Rights of Indigenous Peoples. 
 The ideal candidate will have demonstrable commitment to taking action to right inequities and facilitate the sensitive conversations critical to leading in extraordinary times. 
 Additional Information 
In addition to a collegial learning community, RRU offers a comprehensive compensation package, with a starting salary and academic rank based on qualifications and experience. To apply please include a cover letter, curriculum vitae and statements of research and teaching philosophy. This is an initial five-year appointment with the possibility of conversion into a continuing appointment, subject to performance and program needs. Royal Roads University is strongly committed to fostering diversity within our community. We welcome those who would contribute to the further diversification of our faculty and staff including, but not limited to, women, visible minorities, Indigenous people, persons with disabilities and persons of any sexual orientation or gender identity. 
While Royal Roads University values all applications we receive, only those candidates shortlisted for further consideration will be contacted. Please note that all qualified candidates are encouraged to apply, however, applications from Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. If you require any form of accommodation throughout the recruitment process, please contact us directly at human.resources@royalroads.ca attention: Damon Colgan or 250-391-2600 extension 4402 so we can offer you individualized assistance and ensure equity in our recruitment and hiring process. ALL COMPETITIONS WILL CLOSE AT 10.00 P.M. ON THE DATE OF CLOSING 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
