
 Skip to main content 
 
 Work Smart. Live Smart. 
 Mental Health and Resiliency Expert and Professional Speaker, Beverly Beuermann-King 
 BOOK 
BEVERLY 
 
 Home 
 Beverly 
 Presentations 
 Blog 
 Resources & Courses 
 Contact 
 
 Strategies For Managing Stress In The Workplace 
 March 5 
 Managing Stress In The Workplace 
 Almost half our waking hours are spent earning a living. For many people, a job provides more than just an income; it is a significant portion of their identity. It can determine their self-worth, their accomplishments, and successes. Managing stress in the workplace, perhaps by holding a stress management workshop, is hugely important. 
 Are You The Only One Who Is Stressed Out At Work? 
 Many Canadians experience an enormous amount of stress from their workplace. In fact, the Ontario Division of the Canadian Mental Health Association stated that almost half of Canadians reported feeling overwhelmed by their job. The Conference Board of Canada Canadians are feeling more stress than they did 10 years ago. 
 What Does Job Stress Feel Like? 
 Pessimism, dissatisfaction, lowered concentration, decreased motivation, accidents, absenteeism, and poor health are all symptoms of job stress. Lost wages, decreased productivity, and increased medical bills have a negative financial impact on the person, their family, company, and society as a whole. Managing job stress makes sense. 
 The top 6 sources of workplace stress tend to be: 
 
 job dissatisfaction 
 physical conditions 
 work overload or underload 
 scheduling 
 unclear demands or lack of control 
 job security 
 
 Simple strategies can be employed once the sources of stress have been clearly identified. 
 Matching appropriate and positive coping strategies to these sources can help to decrease the stress felt by the person. A person can best minimize job stress by utilizing a number of different kinds of strategies. 
 Coping strategies should help to decrease the effects of the particular source of stress, while additional techniques should be focused directly on personal well-being. __ Beverly Beuermann-King __Click to tweet 
 
 
 Beverly's Hot Strategies For Managing Stress In The Workplace 
 These types of strategies could include ensuring ‘me’ time, eating well, adequate sleep, hobbies, exercise, and/or talking about difficult issues to a confidant. 
 Many opportunities exist to learn more about stress management. Consider hosting a live in-person or virtual  stress management workshop , with a qualified instructor who can lead you and your team through tailored strategies for your environment. 
 Remember, there is never a shortage of solutions, when pointed in the right direction. 
 If you have some strategies to share – comment on this posting! 
 
 Additional Postings: 
 Mental Health In The Small Business Workplace 
 Psychosocial Risk Factors 
 Employee Engagement 
 Support In The Workplace 
 Management Practices That Can Lead To A Toxic Workplace 
 Emotional Wellness 
 Tell Someone They Are Doing A Good Job Week 
 Workplace Wellness: Stressful Performance Reviews? 
 Future Shock - Ten Stress Strategies For Handling Changing Technology 
 Fighting Recession Depression 
 Your Employees and Burnout 
 Stress Smart Shift Work 
 Flexible Work Arrangements Week 
 Have Fun At Work Day 
 __Previous Post 
 Next Post __ 
 Written By Beverly Beuermann-King 
 Building Resiliency Through Stress and Mental Health Strategies. 
For over 20 years, Beverly has used her S-O-S Principle™ with teams who want to control their reactions to stress, build resiliency against life’s challenges and live full and flourishing lives. Beverly works with teams and leaders to shift from stressed out to resilient, enabling them to be more engaged, productive and healthy. 
 Search this website 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 Are you a team leader who wants tips to manage team stress and build resiliency? 
 Receive the Corporate Wellness Brief. 
 Absolutely 
 Reader Interactions 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Comment 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 info@WorkSmartLiveSmart.com  705-786-0437  __ __ __ __ 
 Copyright (C) 2021 Work Smart Live Smart * All Rights Reserved *  Privacy Policy  *  Terms of Use  *  Sitemap 
