  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
 Accounting 
 
 Accounting Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance Accounting analyst ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/accounting) 
 23 hours ago 
 Professional Advice on a small investment firm's finance 
 Published: 23 hours ago  Bids: 1 
 We're a small team in Malaysia investment industry, we're in need of some professional advice on our finance and accounting work. 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Accounting 
 What do you need?  : For a freelancer, idea or early startup 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  S. Malaysia 
 USD 100 - 250 
 3 weeks ago 
 Iso standards for Construction Industry 
 Published: 3 weeks ago  Deadline: 1 Bids: 0 
 ISO Certification is usually beneficial for industries because it helps in achieving business productivity. It also helps organizations to reinforce customer satisfaction and improve product quality 
ISO Certification consists of certain guidelines, standard practices, and requirements. It'll help to rework organizational culture. 
 The organization will embrace the method of : 
· Practicing quality first business processes 
· Optimizing business operations to continue, and, 
· Achieve higher business productivity. 
ISO Certifications ideal for the construction Industry 
The most beneficial ISO Certifications for the construction Industry are: 
· ISO 9001:2015 Certification for Quality Management System 
· ISO 14001: 2015 Certification for Environmental Management System 
· ISO 45001: 2018 Occupational Health and Safety Management Standard 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Accounting 
 What do you need?  : For a startup 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  S. India 
 Less than USD 50 
 3 weeks ago 
 Accounts receivable analyst  prime client 
 Published: 3 weeks ago  Project duration: 1 - 4 weeks Bids: 6 
 Please don't apply if you are not fluent in the Spanish language and advanced in the English language. Portuguese will be a plus :-) 
Please don´t apply if you are not an accountant with IFRS knowledge. 
 ----- 
Sirena is the one and only WhatsApp CRM. 
 We develop technology that simplifies sales communications. We help businesses communicate better with their customers in order to improve their sales. 
 Do you love performing administrative and accounting tasks? You have extreme attention to detail and have proficient skills in google sheets and using internet tools. 
 The time required: 4 hours per day at the beginning 
 -------------------------------- 
Your Main Responsibilities: 
-------------------------------- 
Use our ERP´s and Local invoice systems to emit invoices in Argentina, Brasil, México and USA. 
Help us organize and improve our database information and reporting systems according to IFRS standards. 
Help us controlling our ffss to assure that the revenue is correctly recognized according to ifrs. 
 -------------------------------- 
Required Skills and Knowledge: 
-------------------------------- 
IFRS accounting norms. 
Proficient use of Google Sheets 
High attention to detail. 
 -------------------------------------------------- 
What I am going to provide (input) 
-------------------------------------------------- 
Access to our systems, google drive, and sheets 
 ----------------------------------------- 
What I need from you (output) 
----------------------------------------- 
Ensure all the Databases are updated. Help us normalize the information. Help us execute the manual invoicing processes for special corporate clients. 
 ------------------------------ 
How To Quote 
------------------------------ 
For your quote to be considered please include in your proposal: 
 
 
 Please confirm you understand we always use Workana to pay our team. And that we don’t allow manual time (you MUST track your time in Workana Time Tracker). 
 
 
 Your hourly rate so we know how much it will cost us to keep working with you. 
 
 
 What is your experience with administrative tasks? Describe some tasks you’ve done. 
 
 
 In the first sentence of your proposal/quote include the word "IAMAWESOME" so I know that you've read our specs. 
IMPORTANT: If you don't include all of the above points, then we won't consider your quotation. 
 --------------------------------------- 
Communication style 
--------------------------------------- 
You’ll be expected to provide progress updates every day. 
When you’re working, you must be available on Slack (we’ll give you an account). 
When needed, you must be willing to do video calls on Zoom or hangouts. 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 Published by:  S. -. A. United States Payment method:  __Verified 
 Less than USD 10 / hour 
 3 weeks ago 
 Statutory and Tax Accountant (freelance job) 
 Published: 3 weeks ago  Bids: 3 
 About the company 
 IWG has been at the forefront of the flexible workspace revolution for more than 30 years. We have made it possible for organisations and individuals everywhere to take a new approach to the traditional working day. We have over 3,400 locations across over 110 countries allowing millions of people every day to have a great day at work. 
 Our customers are start-ups, small and medium-sized enterprises, and large multinationals. With unique business goals, people and aspirations. They want workspaces and communities to match their needs. 
We provide them with choice through our portfolio of brands, covering serviced offices (Regus, Spaces, HQ, Signature and No18), commercial real estate brokerage and managed office solutions. 
Join us at  www.iwgplc.com 
 Job Purpose 
 The purpose of this job is to complete all Country Statutory Accounts and complete all corporate income tax filing, ensuring filing is timely, accurate, complete and compliant with the relevant requirements. 
This person will also assist with local tax audits as required and act as our tax filing subject matter expert, working within internal business reporting and external statutory timeframes. Close collaboration with other teams involved in data extraction and filing preparation (i.e. The global and local shared service centres). 
 Key Responsibilities 
 •    Maintain documentation of local statutory requirements (deadlines, requirements, adjustments etc) up to date. 
•    Review and/or prepare data required for the completion of all tax and statutory filings. 
•    Manage and keep the tax calendar and documentation of local tax requirements (deadlines, requirements, adjustments etc) up to date. 
 •    Proactively file all requirements locally with the authorities and answer queries. 
•    Manage local audits. 
•    Act as the local expert, communicating with authorities or auditors as needed. 
•    Build proactive working relationships with the shared service centres. 
 •    Assist with company secretarial activities, specific to the country. 
•    Undertake a range of other ad-hoc activities as the local country finance representative (i.e. One-off admin tasks required onsite). 
 •    Manage and keep the corporate calendar up to date (deadlines, requirements, adjustments etc). 
•    Manage company secretarial activities, specific to the country. 
•    Undertake a range of other ad-hoc activities as the local country finance representative (i.e. 
One-off admin tasks required onsite or with local language dependencies). 
•    Review and/or prepare and/or file data required for the completion of all statutory filings. 
•    Management of national and cross border transfer pricing and service agreements. 
 Required Skills, Experience & Qualifications 
 •    Accounting qualification. 
•    10 years + experience, including recent experience in a similar level role. 
•    Technically strong, with a working knowledge of local GAAP. 
 •    Proven ability to meet statutory compliance obligations. 
•    Extensive experience of producing Statutory Accounts and Annual Reports and documents relating to company secretarial requirements. 
•    Flexible approach, adaptable to change. 
 •    Excellent communication skills – previous experience of working remotely an advantage. 
•    Self-motivated. 
•    Native language and fluent in English. 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Accounting 
 What do you need?  : For a freelancer, idea or early startup 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  B. P. United Kingdom 
 USD 250 - 500 
 25 days ago 
 Kioskto Go 
 Published: 25 days ago  Bids: 2 
 Hello there. We are looking for a good and committed professional to build our project. 
Please, we appreciate if you read all the informations above. 
 And feel to make any questions by email, here, or even a Skype talk. 
We are looking forward for a long period partner, so it's important to doesn't matter how we go, make a video call before any 
agreement, anyways. 
That’s the resume of the project: 
KIOSKGO 
We need an app to make deliveries for Kiosks in Germany, initially in Frankfurt with potential to expand the whole Germany. 
 Most of the sales will be around products like Beers, Cigarettes, Sweets, Chips… Fast delivery for people in the streets or parks around 
the city and in their homes. 
The app is not exactly like a food delivery app, because we will not have the list of the Kiosks (provider, like a restaurant) in the Front 
App. The client will just choose the product in a single Catalog and buy it. 
 But each Kiosk will have their own storage management. 
With this functionality we need some specific changes in the normal process. We are listing the buying route above tagging some 
particular specifications of our product. 
 Introduction: 
1. We need the App for the Driver, The Kiosks and the Front app for the Costumers. 
2. The App will have one single catalog of products with categories and just us, the administrators will manage the front catalog. 
3. The Kiosks (providers) that are registered on the App, will be able to select the products that we have in the App Catalog and 
than select the amount of storage they have for each product in their own storage. 
4. The storage of the Catalog will come from the Kiosks. 
5. So, we control the Catalog, the Kiosks control the storage they have of our products. 
6. If any of the Kiosks have some of the products, the product will disappear from the front-end Catalog. 
Buying Process: 
1. The Customer opens the app and chooses the products, add in the cart and finalize the purchase. 
 2. The App will calculate first wich Kiosk gonna have all the products for that order, and the Kiosk needs to accept the order in 
his app, let's suppose in 1 minute maximum. 
3. If the Kiosk don't accept the order, the App will calculate the next closest Kiosk. 
4. If none of the Kiosks have all the products at once, the App will calculate the order with 2 or maximum 3 Kiosks in a radius of 
5km and divide the orders according to the storage (we need to able to control this functions). 
5. Example: 1 Kiosk have 3 beers + Cigarette, and the second closest Kiosk have the Wine. 
6. After the Kiosks accept the order, the App will search the closest Drivers and the offers the order, the first Driver wich accept 
the delivery will get the order. 
7. The Driver will drive to the first (or only) Kiosk, get the first delivery, apply the withdraw in the App and drive to the next Kiosk 
to get the other products. And activate the delivery process for the Customer. 
8. Emergency: It can happens that the Driver gets in the Kiosk and the Kiosk with the approved order says that he dont have the 
product anymore, so there must be a button of Emergency, that will make the App recalculate new Kiosks with the storage, 
and the Kiosk that missed the order will be blocked until we unblock it on the system. 
9. After the Driver confirmed the withdraws, the Customer will receive the new time delivery process "Delivering". 
10. After the delivery, the Driver confirm it and the order its done. 
 Needs and Observation: 
1. All the processes will be kept into our system, where the administrative can check in a Desktop panel or website. 
2. Extra information: When the client finishes the purchase process if there is a cigarette or alcohol in the cart it will be necessary 
to insert an ID verification. We need to check for a German api of id card, use as a reference: 
 https://tabakstore.de/produkt/pueblo-tabak-kaufen/ 
3. * Besides the api of the id german card, the user should be able to upload a photo of an document (check the page) 
4. 
 *Extra step in the delivery process: When the Driver delivers the pack, he asks for the ID card or document for comprove, and 
he can have the possibility to takes a photo of it in the last step of the delivery. The ID card will be attached in our system with 
the client who made the purchase. 
5. We need to have a central administrator user to control all the purchases and to know how much we need to pay for each 
Kiosk every week or 2 weeks, we need to able to control that. 
6. We need someone who can be present and with a good contact for support afterwards. 
7. The Driver need to have a full register with a photo in the app, and uploaded documents for verification in our side. 
8. We need to be able to control the distance in Kms for the Kiosks and delivery rate. 
9. We need to rate the users of the app in each step. So when the Driver withdraw the order he just select 1 to 5 stars for the 
Kiosk. When the client receive the delivery he can evaluate 1 to 5 stars for the driver. 
 Category: IT & Programming 
Subcategory: Apps programming. Android, iOS and others 
What is the scope of the project?: Create a new app 
Is this a project or a position?: Project 
I currently have: I have specifications 
Required availability: As needed 
Required platforms: Android, iPhone 
I need to: Create an app 
App type: Other 
Back-end is required: Yes 
Payment gateway: Yes 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Accounting 
 What do you need?  : For a startup 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  D. Germany 
 Less than USD 50 
 28 days ago 
 General Back office Accounting 
 Published: 28 days ago  Bids: 3 
 I need A Programmer In Oracle Database , The program for Back office System including POS ( point of Sales) with QR reading on Guest profiles , Build chart of account and cost center and vouchers type related to small and med business sectors 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Accounting 
 What do you need?  : For a startup 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  C. A. Philippines 
 Less than USD 50 
 Last month 
 Receipt and consumption of products 
 Published: Last month  Bids: 5 
 I need a group of people who will cooporate with me. It is just 3 months after we opened a restaurant and as I am new in this business I want to see the expenditure of the products I buy in numbers. Also, I want to develop the restaurant as much as possible. 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Accounting 
 What do you need?  : For a small or medium business 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  W. Uzbekistan 
 Less than USD 50 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
