
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Can You Believe It?! it's a Full-time job 
 Virtue Worldwide is looking for a Group Creative Director in Brooklyn, NY, USA. 
 About 
 As a Group Creative Director, you’d be responsible for overseeing an ever-shifting ‘portfolio’ of ongoing creative work, new projects, and pitches. A core creative team will depend on you for guidance on the work itself, similar to a CD role. The difference is that your creative team may include CDs and ACDs, fairly senior creatives working under your direction. 
You'll work with strategy and client management to ‘widen the doorway’ for excellent work from the very beginning. It will be on you to challenge the ask, the brief, the insight. 
Provide creative direction for a number of projects simultaneously, making sure none of them backslide over the course of creative development. 
Be a sounding board and supportive creative leader for the team under your direction, while at the same time making sure they know the expectations of the work. 
Cultivate a culture of high-volume creativity. This means pushing your team to come up with lots and lots of ideas, knowing that most of them will either miss the mark strategically, creatively, or feasibly. From this process, beautiful gems can be unearthed. 
Guide team in developing creative presentations, run mega pitches, be magnificent in front of clients, handle shoots, all the usual stuff. 
Spend time getting familiar with work in Central and South America. You may be leading projects outside of the USA. You may even work on global projects. 
Help your ECD build the broader creative vision for the agency. 
Jump in to teach more junior creatives whenever the opportunity arises. Your knowledge is invaluable to them. 
Make sure you and the creative department as a whole are aware of the work out there in the industry right now. Not just the bad stuff, but the ‘good’ stuff too. 
Play a role in talent recruitment, book reviews, interviews, etc. 
Work with the Business Development team to handle creds meetings, client engagement opportunities, etc. 
Run some internal departmental meetings. Be an MC when needed. 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7963-virtue-worldwide-group-creative-director  
 On-site required? 
 No 
 Experience 
 10+ years 
 Skills 
 Art Direction, Brand Strategy, Conceptual, Content, Creative Direction, Design 
 Date Posted 
 January 13, 2021 
 Managed By 
 Tara Garcia 
 Perks 
 
 Retirement Plan 
 Great benefits 
 Maternity / Paternity 
 Work from home 
 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
