Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Service Desk Analyst 
 Aurora Cannabis 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Aurora Cannabis Inc. is a world-renowned integrated cannabis company with an industry-leading reputation for continuously elevating and setting the global cannabis industry standard. 
 Through our wholly owned subsidiaries, strategic investments, and global partnerships, Aurora provides a wide range of premium quality cannabis and hemp products and services, develops innovative technologies, promotes cannabis consumer health and wellness, and delivers an exceptional customer experience across all its brands. 
 Aurora’s operations span multiple continents and focuses on both the medical and recreational cannabis production and sales, patient education and clinic counselling services, home hydroponic cultivation, extraction technologies and delivery systems, and hemp-based food health products. 
 We operate around the globe pursuing new and emerging cannabis markets where possible through our owned network of import, export and wholesale distributors, our e-commerce and mobile applications, brick and mortar retail stores, as well as grocery store retailers, and pharmacies. 
 SERVICE DESK ANALYST 
 Aurora is recruiting for a Service Desk Analyst for our Polaris office. The successful candidate for this role will report directly to the Service Desk Lead and will be a strong addition to our growing team. Working with other members of IS in various locations, as well as dealing with other departments throughout the organization, strong communication skills are a necessity. As this is an evolving role, flexibility, and the ability to accommodate and handle change is a must. 
 Main Responsibilities: 
Act as a Service Desk Analyst for Aurora and subsidiaries 
Provide IS support for all workstation and software licensed by the organization 
Working with enterprise ticket systems like ServiceNow 
Maintain workstations, software installations and data recovery 
An understanding of CSOX and SOX 
Create, update, or disable user accounts as part of the beginning of service, end of service and change of service processes for employees. 
Will notify management or team lead of increasing trends, unusual activities, or repeated activities. 
Assist in managing and maintaining onsite infrastructure as required 
Ensures workstations are configured to meet the needs of employees and complies with corporate policy 
Assist with phone calls, chat queue and ticket requests 
Configure and maintain the electronic, digital, mobile equipment, and devices 
Manage and complete end-user requests through a ticketing system 
Participate in global IS projects as required 
Adheres to organizational policies and procedures 
Other duties may be assigned as deemed necessary 
 Qualifications: 
Certificate or College Diploma in Information Technology, Computer Engineering Technology, Systems Administration, or a related discipline 
3 to 5 years of experience in an IS support role 
Previous experience with Apple products and Mac OS is preferred 
Previous help desk experience is considered an asset 
Experience with the Microsoft O365 suite of applications 
Experience troubleshooting network and wireless issues is considered an asset 
Application troubleshooting experience 
ITIL is considered an asset 
Bilingualism is considered an asset 
 We would like to thank all applicants for their interest but only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Aurora Cannabis Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
