Skip to content 
  The Heroine's Journey  
 You Are the Storyteller of Your Own Life. Create Your Own Legend, - Or Not! 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Peter 
 
 About Peter 
 Book Peter to Speak 
 The Heroine's Journey Today 
 
 
 Calendar 
 
 Calendar 
 
 
 For Individuals 
 
 Virtual Journeys 
 
 Hello Storytelling 
 Storytelling for Business 
 Stories for Innovation 
 Storytelling for Speakers 
 Stories for Change 
 From Stories to Action 
 Stories to Unlock Creativity 
 Create Your Own Legend 
 In the Company of Heroines 
 
 
 One Day Trips 
 
 Storyteller in One Day 
 Corporate Storyteller in One Day 
 Financial Storyteller in One Day 
 Know Your Story in One Day 
 
 
 Three Day Journeys 
 
 The Power of your Story 
 The Leader's Story 
 Create Your Own Legend 
 Your Clients Story 
 The New Storytellers 
 The Heroine's Journey 
 The Innovator's Story 
 
 
 Winter Schools 
 
 Winter School in Rome 
 Winter School in Paris 
 Winter School in London 
 
 
 Story Coaching 
 
 Story Coaching 
 
 
 Meet Your Heroines 
 
 Meet Your Heroines 
 How it Works 
 
 For Travellers 
 For Mentors 
 
 
 Become a Mentor 
 Finding the Right Mentor 
 
 
 Specials & Experiences 
 
 The Heroine's Confidence 
 Conference 
 
 
 Friends Membership 
 
 Friends Membership 
 
 
 
 
 For Business 
 
 The Heroine's Journey Talks 
 The StoryLab 
 The Story Expedition 
 Brand Story Partnership 
 Become a Story Coach 
 
 
 One Great Story 
 
 Testdrive your Dreamjob 
 Testdrive Your Dreamjob 
 Yes, you can try your hand at the business of your dreams without risking your present job or business, your next mortgage payment, or your kid’s future. In  Testdrive Your Dreamjob  you will discover how meeting your rolemodels and spending a few days working with them – can be the first step toward making that dream come true 
 Revolutionary and practical, this hands on travel programme in Paris in the footsteps of Julia Child designed by Peter de Kuster – will help you mesh your working life with your deepest sense of self as you learn how to: 
 
 Plan a “dream business” of your own; 
 Build the skills and gather the knowledge you will need to embark on your new business; 
 Overcome the fear of changing; 
 Turn a layoff or other involuntary change into the opportunity of a lifetime; 
 Design and create a dream business that doesn’t exist …yet; 
 Manage a smooth, safe transition from your present job or business to your dream business. 
 Minimize financial risk as you embark on your bold new life 
 
 Creative people have made a testdrive in their dream business or profession for centuries and many generations. Talking to or even working with somebody who does the creative work they would love to do or explore. For architects, artists, designers, writers, cooks, actors etcera it is quit normal. Mostly however something you do at the start of your creative career. You can do it any time in your career however. To sharpen the story you tell yourself about you, your work, your business, what you are capable of doing. In meeting a mentor, somebody who has a creative dream business in your eyes and makes money with it. 
 Years ago I started advising creative people who started their business to Testdrive your Dreamjob. Speaking with a heroine or hero who has your dream business. It can save you years and a lot of money having direct feedback and stories of someone who does what you feel you would love to do. Almost everybody who has made a testdrive has come out of it with a more clear story and more determination than ever to make their dream business come true. They landed exciting projects, started an education or found other ways to further their dream business. After years of fantasizing their Meeting with their Heroines has given them in hours or days the strength to come into action. 
 Partly this was due to a learning effect – the concrete knowledge they gained about the business of their dreams. Partly it was the mentor who held their hand, gave their confidence a boost en offered them help. Partly it was the contacts they made, which made the next steps more simple. 
 But the most important of all, next to these practical matters, was something different. Testdrive your Dreamjob awakened and gave energy to something deep inside of them, a part that once awakened, refused to be ignored. Know that when you consider a dream business it not only is about how you spend your hours at work. Het is about the connection between your work and the deepest feeling about yourself. It is about doing what you love, work that energizes you instead of exhausts you, work which has meaning for you. 
 Twelve reasons for Testdrive your Dreamjob 
 1. To make a testdrive in your dream business before you committ yourself to a business 
 2. To find a mentor 
 3. To learn about the ins and outs of a business 
 4. To make contacts in a profession or market 
 5. To raise your confidence level 
 6. To explore a passion 
 7. To satisfy your curiosity about ‘ the road not taken’ 
 8. To test possible businesses when you don't know yet what you want 
 9. To make an unusual, exciting journey 
 10. To try out something new and challenge yourself in new ways 
 11. To create a new story about yourself, your present company, job, lifestyle and future 
 12. To reconnect with some passion(s) inside of you 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Reddit 
 Tumblr 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
