
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Clerky (S11) 
 We build software to make legal paperwork easy for startups and their attorneys. 
 Content Strategist / Writer 
 
 Location 
 Remote 
 Job Type 
 Contract 
 Experience 
 3+ years 
 About Clerky 
 About the role 
 Here at Clerky, we build software to help startups and their attorneys get legal paperwork done both safely and easily. We're the most popular way for high-growth technology startups to form, and are also used by tons of top-tier startups for hiring and fundraising paperwork. 
 Despite our popularity, we have been extremely quiet and focused on product development. As a result, many of our customers don't fully understand the full value of what they're getting, and there is still a lot of room for growth in terms of market awareness. We're looking for a content strategist / writer to help us tackle these challenges! 
 Things You Could Work On 
 
 Blog posts. 
 Newsletters. 
 White papers. 
 Social media. 
 Support documentation. 
 Internal documentation. 
 
 Minimum Requirements 
 
 Highly considered writing — you naturally seek to make sure every assertion you make is one you intend to make, like you might with a scientific paper. 
 Concise writing — you naturally seek to find the most elegant way to communicate and eliminate any unnecessary words. You get pleasure from making sure your writing doesn't have any throwaway phrases or filler words. Work as craft — you get much of your satisfaction from refining and iterating your work until it's as close to perfect as possible. We're not looking for someone who primarily gets satisfaction from pumping out content at a high speed. 
 Lack of ego — due to the complexity of our subject matter, and the nuanced nature of our market, writing at Clerky often requires a lot of iteration. If you take feedback personally, this probably isn't a good fit. 
 Critical thinker — we seek to learn from what others have done, but use that to inform our thinking from first principles rather than blindly following an established playbook. 
 
 This position is for a contractor, at roughly 5-15 hours per week to start. If we turn out to be a good fit for each other, an increased workload and full-time employment are definite possibilities, if those are appealing to you. We work asynchronously, so you can set your own schedule and work from wherever you like. 
 Compensation is highly competitive. We seek the best, and compensate accordingly. 
 Technology 
 Other jobs at Clerky 
 Senior Customer Operations & Writing Specialist 
 fulltime 
 Remote 
 3+ years 
 Content Strategist / Writer 
 contract 
 Remote 
 3+ years 
 Senior Software Engineer 
 fulltime 
 Remote 
 3+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
