Skip to content 
   
 
 Home 
 Services 
 
 Overview 
 Executive Recruiting 
 Interim Talent 
 RPO 
 
 
 Industries 
 
 Overview 
 Consumer Goods 
 Education 
 Financial Services 
 Green Jobs 
 Healthcare Software & Services 
 Information Technology 
 Legal 
 Life Sciences 
 Manufacturing 
 Print & Marketing Communications 
 MRO & Industrial Distribution 
 
 
 Career Center 
 
 Overview 
 Search Jobs 
 Career Advisor 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 Overview 
 Functional Expertise 
 The WorldBridge Way  Advantage 
 Leadership Team 
 Our Consultants 
 WorldBridge Europe 
 
 
 Blog 
 Contact Us 
 
 Connect With WorldBridge Partners 
 Internal Careers 
 Locations 
 
 
 
 WorldBridge  Wire 
 Industry news and advice from the expert recruiting minds of WorldBridge Partners. 
 UPDATE: The Senior Executive Job Market and Coronavirus - New Statistics 
 
 __April 22, 2020 
 Published on April 17, 2020 
 Status is online 
 Dean Trimble 
 Managing Director at Jackson Stevens / Executive In Residence (contract) at N2Growth 
 12 articles  Following 
 Disclaimer: This article and research are based solely on the senior executive job market, where salaries are between $200,000 and $2,000,000. 
 Full disclosure: despite all of the comments from Search Firm leadership confirming our analysis of continued growth in the senior executive job market, I still feared that "shelter-in-place" orders from numerous states (and the subsequent Wall Street reaction) would eventually cause a decline in the higher-level market. However, upon further reflection, I remain resolute that numbers don't lie; senior executive job growth continues its acceleration. 
 As of this morning, our research team published a new Unadvertised Senior Executive Job Situation Report (USEJSR), which showed another  17% growth in senior executive-level positions in just the last two weeks. This new statistic raised the industry (for senior executive jobs) CAGR trajectory of 314%!  I suspect this trajectory will soften a bit as we enter Q3 (at least in the first 2 months), as we (hopefully) begin to turn the corner on COVID-19. However, I speculate Q4 will be the largest in your industry's history for new projects at this level. 
 When industries change or evolve, professional search engagement soars. Our research team saw a notably sharp uptick in Human Resources positions,  likely due to the need for reliable and capable HR staff during a time of crisis, while many Education and Entertainment searches were paused due to COVID-19. Many of these suspended searches continue to accept applications, but many of them are not interviewing until after their State's suspension is over. 
 That said,  the highest growth industries were the Healthcare, Higher Education, and Supply Chain and Distribution sectors.  While the reasons for the former are apparent, the latter is likely because this field includes shipping, delivery, and procurement companies, which are essential in this situation. 
 This is echoed by industry veteran Michael Mosunic, CEO or Wolf Hill Group who stated:  “Cybersecurity is still growing as cybercriminals have an increased surface area with everyone working from home. Investors are being cautious, and are extending their cash runways in portfolios. The general consensus is that the industry will return aggressively when we have improving economic signals and the executive search industry will continue at a very healthy pace. In the interim, executive-level candidates are still open to opportunities as they are confident we will turn this corner and great opportunities lie ahead.” 
 This is incredible news for candidates, employers, and firms.  It indicates that the economy is rapidly adapting in reaction to COVID-19. The overall trends are positive, and job growth, specifically tied to senior leadership roles shows no signs of slowing. 
 I have spoken with many firms, and this is the consensus: when the overall economy is booming, even an underperforming C-Suite executive looks like they are doing well. However, if they are not able to innovate when adversity strikes, their resilience and adaptability begin to show signs of weakness. Before long, it becomes apparent that it was the economy, not their performance that was driving their success. 
 My speculation is that in late Q3 and Q4 will be unlike anything we have ever seen in the senior executive job market.  Once the quarantine and “shelter-in-place” orders begin to expire, the full extent of the economic damage will come to bear, and rebuilding will begin. It follows that executives who were incapable of taking proactive measures will be released and replaced. 
 If you are in the search industry, there is no better time to prospect.  Make sure to take great care of your clients during this difficult time. If you do, they will remember you when the recovery happens and while your competitors are circling the wagons and waiting out the storm, you need to be in front of your clients and prospective clients. Don't start your effort when the market moves, it will be too late. Everyone will be prospecting, which will only increase your competition, get out ahead of them. 
 The moral of this story for candidates?  Innovate, innovate, innovate! Now is the time to become adaptable and resourceful. Show your Board the full extent of your abilities. I believe Q3 and Q4 will separate the wheat from the chaff, so prepare. Your future may very well depend on it. 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 
 More 
 
 
 
 Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Click to print (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 
 
 Posted in  Career Tips ,  General Interest ,  Hiring Advice Tagged  Hiring Best Employees ,  Hiring Top Employees ,  Hiring Top Professionals ,  Hiring Top Talent ,  leadership ,  Recruiting ,  Talent 
 Latest  News 
 __View All 
 __January 11, 2021 
   
 US private-sector employment drops for first time since April as Covid surges 
 Released on January 6, 2021 Private-sector employment fell by 123,000 jobs in December compared to…  Read more __ 
   
 Monster report finds top global recruiting challenges for 2021 
 Released on January 7, 2021 The top recruiting challenges of 2021 include the skills gap,…  Read more __ 
 __December 28, 2020 
   
 New Stimulus Bill Passed by Congress 
 Congress has, at last, passed a second stimulus bill. It is awaiting President Trump’s signature,…  Read more __ 
 __December 7, 2020 
   
 US adds jobs in November at slowest rate since July: ADP 
 Released on December 2, 2020 The US added 307,000 private-sector jobs in November when compared…  Read more __ 
   
 US economy’s moderate expansion slows; Covid surge raises concerns including labor supply challenges 
 Released on December 3, 2020 While the US economy has continued a moderate expansion, economic…  Read more __ 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 
 Brussels  |  Chicago  |  Cleveland  |  Costa Rica  |  Hartford  |  Las Vegas  |  Los Angeles  |  Milwaukee  |  New York  |  Omaha  |  Sacramento  |  Toledo 
 
 __ 
 __ 
 __ 
 
 (C) 2021 WorldBridge Partners, LLC |  Privacy  | Site Credits  Staffing Websites  by  Haley Marketing 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
