Skip to primary content 
 Skip to secondary content 
 Anecdotage 
 Views from the Descent 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 Tag Archives: careers 
 Teach your Children Well 
 Posted on  June 11, 2017  by   Grace Lessageing 
 3 
 Years ago, when I was a proper working person and not a layabout pensioner, I was a teacher. I worked in primary schools, beginning with the oldest children, in a tenement style school in Stockwell, London and finishing with the tiny tots in the reception class in a seaside village. 
 During the first, pre-career break time there was room for some experimentation in the classroom. There was the freedom to implement such ideas as ‘bay-working’, where the room was split into areas or ‘bays’, each bay being set up for some independent work in a specific curriculum subject. 
 When I returned to reaching after a ten year career break [having my own children] there was still a culture of freedom and the school where I taught implemented a system called ‘integrated day’, the idea being that a topic was chosen and the learning arose from delving into curriculum areas around that topic. 
 During the years I worked in the integrated day system I can never remember any of us, children included, feeling stressed, bored or exhausted [although, to be fair I was still relatively young]. The children, no matter what age, were responsible for their own day’s achievements and became independent from not being ‘spoon-fed’ every skill and piece of knowledge. We considered ourselves providers or facilitators and all of us attended school each day with a buzzy feeling of enthusiasm for what the day would bring. 
 Within the system we used ‘real’ books for reading. We’d quietly withdraw a specific ability group to teach a skill in Maths or English or hear individuals read then filter them back in to practise what they’d learned. Art, science, story writing, technology or play would all be going on simultaneously. 
 There were many opportunities for children to help each other and enjoy roles and responsibilities. Everyone could say what they were doing and why. The behaviour was mature and sensible, even though sixty or seventy children would be sharing a [large] area. 
 Within three or four years of this halcyon period the ‘national curriculum’ was introduced. Nine curriculum subjects were identified and separated. There was no more linking up areas into topics. The concept of targets crept in. Appraisal and the beginning of scrutiny began. Some bright, government ambition-seeker invented OFSTED. Fear became a feature of every day teaching life. 
 There was no more opportunity for integrated day, for children to feel empowered by their independence. The parents no longer trusted us. Testing, in the form of SATS was thought up, a system the parents fixated on and became obsessed with, their children’s ‘level’ being the only thing that mattered-more than motivation, achievement, self-esteem or happiness. 
 I believe that parents, teachers and anyone who is involved with children’s development should aim to foster a spirit of independence in thought and action, maintain the natural desire to learn and encourage kindness, respect and support of each other, just as we used to. That way we may have a hope of growing and nurturing a kind, caring and intelligent society and not the grasping, selfish and ignorant culture we are stuck with today. 
 Posted in  Uncategorized  |  Tagged  careers ,  children ,  classroom ,  curriculum ,  education ,  independence ,  inspection ,  integrated day ,  knowledge ,  learning ,  OFSTED ,  reading ,  SATS ,  self esteem ,  society ,  subjects ,  teachers ,  teaching ,  testing  |   3  Replies 
 A Retrospective Indulgence 
 Posted on  July 14, 2013  by   Grace Lessageing 
 Reply 
 So Long Marianne 
 [Part 2] 
 When, in the second year I was forced out into a depressing bed-sit with a repressive landlady I missed her so much I spent regular nights propped up at the end of her bed eating cheese and pickles, envying her for having the foresight to claim ill health and keep her room at the halls of residence. 
 Once it was clear I’d have to undertake some work if I was to gain a qualification that would lead to employment I began to knuckle down, completing mediocre essays, attending lacklustre lectures, keeping appointments with disapproving tutors and applying myself to placements. As the lucky recipient of a modest income from some shares, Marianne did not feel the pressure to strive for academic success and continued to maintain a hectic social life, made all the more pleasurable by the acquisition of a small car. She continued to live in her tiny room, spend her days shopping in ‘Chelsea Girl’ or ‘Top Shop’, date hapless men and leave a string of lovelorn boyfriends in her wake. Her health issues, a useful weapon in the defence against obligation or duty, morphed slowly into hypochondria and each time we met she regaled me with some new symptoms she’d noticed, or tests or treatment she’d been undergoing, difficulties that prevented her from completing the course. 
 With no other option than to join the grown up world, at the end of the three years I became a career woman with a flat and a boyfriend I’d picked up along the way. I still met up with Marianne, though less often. She’d found another tiny room, a bedsit in a shared house that eked out the modest income she still had. She spent her days attending hospital appointments, researching alternative therapies and taking courses in obscure, esoteric fields. Our lives began to diverge. I was promoted to a new and better job, split with the boyfriend, moved to a different, leafier part of town. She took a course as a ‘holistic’ healer and did freelance astrology readings in between courses of treatment for various ailments. She moved to a small flat, subsisting on benefits to augment her income, inconsistent now that the shares had crashed. 
 In another ten years I’d married, moved away to the coast, taken a career break and had two children. We corresponded, letters documenting lives that seemed to be led on separate planets. I was mired in the minutiae of domestic triviality; she was taking to the stage in her debut as an exotic dancer whilst continuing in her quest to find the perfect man, though available men were becoming scarcer and more selective. 
 I resumed my career, became single again and sought to rekindle friendships that had foundered in the wake of my marriage. When I began a long distance relationship with a London man I contacted her and arranged to visit her at her Streatham flat during one of my metropolis weekends. 
 I got to her road. I stood on the pavement opposite her house and gazed up at her window; but I didn’t cross over, didn’t ring the bell. I turned back and made the long trek back to Hampstead. She rang me, later. 
 “Where were you?” she said. 
 “I rang the bell and no one answered” I lied. She was angry. I felt tearful. There would never be another chance. 
 I continued to send letters and cards for a couple more years with no response. I look at the photos she sent me of herself posing in a leopard print bikini against a background of tropical plants on a night club stage and I wonder what she is doing now, but the clock is set firm in the present; no going back. Here’s to you, Marianne. So Long! 
 A few weeks after I finished the story a spooky thing happened. She sent me a card-the first communication for some years. She’d penned some brief, ambiguous notes: ‘the flat is falling down around me’, ‘I must get my act together’. In a fever of excited enthusiasm I wrote back, careful to use longhand, careful not to say too much about my life now. There has been no reply. 
 Posted in  Uncategorized  |  Tagged  Ageing ,  birthdays ,  card ,  careers ,  change ,  Communication ,  friendship ,  letter ,  letters ,  loss ,  marriage ,  relationships ,  stories ,  story ,  students ,  writing  |   Leave a reply 
 Any Openings? 
 Posted on  March 14, 2013  by   Grace Lessageing 
 Reply 
 Life is arranged all wrong. You can blame God, if you’re so inclined [I’m not]. The first nine or ten years or so are alright. You get born. You are looked after [hopefully] while you are helpless. You might even be doted on. You may be fortunate enough to learn some useful stuff that will prepare you for adulthood, like walking, talking-even reading. Then it goes pear-shaped. Just when you are thirsting for knowledge, eager, full of enthusiasm, you lose it; snuffed out like a candle. Because as adolescence, teens and hormonal tempests begin to boil up, an interest in medieval history, Pythagoras theorem, netball practise, past participles and piano lessons flies totally out of the patio doors to be replaced by a fascination for one thing only. 
 Unfortunately this is the time when you begin to be tested on your skills, ability and knowledge in order to prepare you for independence, the severance of the umbilical, the supporting of yourself. Striving to achieve academic goals becomes torture. Many of us [I include myself] acquire a disappointing, average, just-about-satisfactory set of results that equips us for some kind of career or job. Many of us don’t. A few manage to transcend their base instincts and shine-a source of pride for their parents [see previous post-‘It’s not that we’re not interested, but…’]. 
 You then embark upon whatever source of living your qualifications have led you to, because by now, in adulthood, you are on your own. Perhaps you will fall madly in love with your chosen occupation, perhaps not. Maybe you will find success beyond your wildest dreams; maybe you will rub along, earning enough of a crust. 
 Other bits of life crowd in, like partners, children, housing, transport, holidays. These demands mean that swapping what you do for any other occupation becomes impossible. 
 Then before you know it, the years you’ve spent earning enough to live have somehow vanished in a vaporous puff and you are free! Hooray! You are without obligations, dependents and if you are a  little bit lucky  , without too much financial pressure. You find you are interested in everything. You want to be a student of history, to learn about exotic places, find out how the universe was made. You want to run marathons, become a piano maestro or Australia’s next top model, win the Nobel prize, ‘The Apprentice’ and ‘Masterchef’ and get knighted. 
 But wait; just as these lofty aspirations buzz into your excited, eager, animated little bonse the bell is called for ‘time’. The doors begin to close. Those violin, mandarin or judo lessons, that symphony you were going to compose, the Michelin-starred restaurant you always meant to open-they should all have been started years ago…when you were  young  , when your mind was…elsewhere. 
 But hang on-not  all  options are finished. What about becoming pope? There is clearly no age barrier there. There may be some slight opposition in terms of gender, of course [for me], but… nothing ventured…Oh, old Argy Frank has beaten me to it. There’s always next time. Perhaps there  is  a God, after all? 
 Posted in  Uncategorized  |  Tagged  Ageing ,  ambition ,  careers ,  interests ,  leisure ,  qualifications ,  retirement ,  The Pope  |   Leave a reply 
 Too Much, Too Little, Too Late… 
 Posted on  February 24, 2013  by   Grace Lessageing 
 Reply 
 Aside from pop stars, sports stars, film stars, artists and so on, I wonder how many people could say they are honestly doing the job of which they always dreamt? Indeed, did all the people in the aforementioned categories dream of being what they ended up as? I expect a great many people could say they ‘love’ what they do, but is it what they’d have all selected, given the chance? Achieving a successful career in a chosen field must be becoming more difficult as economic constraints tighten and job seekers must take whatever they can find. Little wonder so many queue for competitions like ‘X Factor’, when there are situations like 1,700 applicants for 8 jobs in ‘Costa’! Costa may well be the most wonderful employer in the world [I wouldn’t know], but I’m guessing it would hardly be the pinnacle of achievement for most to be serving behind the counter in one. 
 I know I certainly didn’t follow the career path I really wanted, even forty five years ago. What I’d have loved to do at that time was to go to Art School and study graphic design. At my conservative girls’ grammar school this was considered far too alternative and risqué, resulting in careers guidance to the effect that I was ‘not good enough’ and should go into teaching! No one considered that I might not be ‘good enough’ for teaching [and looking back at my lacklustre teaching years this was probably the case]. 
 In the event I did quite enjoy a substantial portion of the teaching years, although this enjoyable time was mostly before governments began meddling seriously with what and how we taught. But I was never so besotted with education that I rushed headlong up the ladder into an elevated position, preferring to footle along as an ‘Indian’. 
 Now, though, at a time when it is undoubtedly too late for great financial success or even much in the way of acknowledgement, I wish I’d been in a position to support myself while I learned how to write; because those writers who have achieved success began at a younger age. Many came via the journalism route, or through a degree in creative writing, but some managed to get published from writing a debut novel whilst holding down a day job. I don’t know, but I have a hunch that few of these dedicated, talented and [to a certain extent lucky] people can have been teachers. Why? Because teaching, along with a number of similar careers allows for very little time, energy or creativity left over to do anything much else. 
 It isn’t helping that the likes of Michael Gove are pushing only subjects that lead to productive employment in manufacturing and allowing creative areas such as drama and music to fall by the wayside. 
 There is a saying that goes, ‘Those that can, do. Those that can’t, teach’. It is a harsh adage, but one that, in my case held a grain of truth. But I prefer to put it another way. ‘Those that teach, can’t’. I’m looking forward to a time when the young can follow their instincts and pursue subjects that they love, whether it makes their fortune or not, but I’m not holding my breath… 
 Posted in  Uncategorized  |  Tagged  careers ,  education ,  job seekers ,  schools ,  writing  |   Leave a reply 
 anecdotage 
 
 anecdotage 
 
 Previous Posts Include- 
 Previous Posts Include- Select Month January 2021  (4) December 2020  (4) November 2020  (5) October 2020  (4) September 2020  (4) August 2020  (5) July 2020  (4) June 2020  (4) May 2020  (5) April 2020  (4) March 2020  (5) February 2020  (4) January 2020  (4) December 2019  (5) November 2019  (4) October 2019  (4) September 2019  (5) August 2019  (4) July 2019  (4) June 2019  (5) May 2019  (4) April 2019  (4) March 2019  (5) February 2019  (4) January 2019  (4) December 2018  (5) November 2018  (4) October 2018  (4) September 2018  (5) August 2018  (4) July 2018  (5) June 2018  (4) May 2018  (4) April 2018  (5) March 2018  (4) February 2018  (4) January 2018  (4) December 2017  (5) November 2017  (4) October 2017  (5) September 2017  (4) August 2017  (5) July 2017  (5) June 2017  (4) May 2017  (4) April 2017  (5) March 2017  (4) February 2017  (4) January 2017  (5) December 2016  (4) November 2016  (5) October 2016  (5) September 2016  (4) August 2016  (4) July 2016  (5) June 2016  (4) May 2016  (5) April 2016  (4) March 2016  (4) February 2016  (4) January 2016  (5) December 2015  (4) November 2015  (5) October 2015  (4) September 2015  (4) August 2015  (5) July 2015  (4) June 2015  (4) May 2015  (5) April 2015  (4) March 2015  (5) February 2015  (4) January 2015  (4) December 2014  (4) November 2014  (5) October 2014  (4) September 2014  (4) August 2014  (5) July 2014  (4) June 2014  (5) May 2014  (4) April 2014  (4) March 2014  (5) February 2014  (4) January 2014  (5) December 2013  (8) November 2013  (8) October 2013  (8) September 2013  (9) August 2013  (9) July 2013  (7) June 2013  (9) May 2013  (9) April 2013  (8) March 2013  (8) February 2013  (8) January 2013  (9) 
 Writing 
 
 Paragraph Planet 
 The Story Shack 
 The Word Hut 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
