Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Data Analyst 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Education Level Completed or currently enrolled in a relevant post-secondary graduate-level degree (M.A. or PhD). 
Career Level Minimum 1 year experience. 
Hourly Rate $18.08 – $25.32 
 Job Description 
 The Family-Friendly Community Resources Project for Better Balance, Health and Well-Being (FFCR-BHW) is a multi-year (2017-2021) Canada-wide study designed to better understand how work-family conflict influences quality of life for working Canadians. Our research examines the long term health and well-being of Canadian individuals and their families. The FFCR-BHW project is committed to identifying some of the key social contextual resources across Canada’s community regions that may enhance parents’ ability to cope with competing demands of work and family. 
 This project is led by Dr. Marisa Young (PI, McMaster University, Department of Sociology) and is funded by the Ministry of Ontario—Economic Development, Job Creation and Trade, The Social Sciences and Humanities Research Council of Canada (SSHRC), and The Canadian Institutes for Health Research (CIHR). 
 Job Summary: 
Perform the entry, verification, cleaning, coding and analysis of aggregate and longitudinal data for the research project under the direction of the Principal Investigator and Project Coordinator. Proficiency with SAS (statistics software) and Excel is required. 
 Accountabilities: 
Use statistical software (SAS and Excel) to clean, code, analyze and interpret data. 
Contribute to the development of an online publicly accessible data repository 
Assist PI with analysis and reporting of data (basic associations). 
Apply established research methodology to ensure all research material is handled in accordance with established protocols, policies and procedures. 
Compile data reports required for the preparation of scholarly papers, reports and abstracts. 
 Qualifications: 
 Education:  Completed or currently enrolled in a relevant post-secondary graduate-level degree (M.A. or PhD). 
 Experience:  Minimum 1 year experience. 
 Assets: 
 A post-secondary degree in one of the following:  sociology, social psychology, psychology, neuroscience and behavior (or a similar discipline) 
Advanced training in quantitative research methods and data analysis 
Knowledge of various statistical packages (e.g. STATA, SPSS) and advanced proficiency in SAS and Microsoft Excel 
Previous data management and data cleaning experience 
Experience working with and merging large multi-level data sets 
 Additional Information: 
This position is temporary for the duration of 6 months with the potential to be extended. 
 How To Apply 
 To apply for this job, please submit your application online. 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and within the lands protected by the “Dish With One Spoon” wampum agreement. 
 The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. 
 The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity and inclusion, who will contribute to the diversification of ideas and perspectives, and especially welcomes applications from indigenous (First Nations, Métis or Inuit) peoples, members of racialized communities, persons with disabilities, women, and persons who identify as 2SLGBTQ+. 
 As part of McMaster’s commitment, all applicants are invited to complete a confidential Applicant Diversity Survey through the online application submission process. The Survey questionnaire requests voluntary self-identification in relation to equity-seeking groups that have historically faced and continue to face barriers in employment. Please refer to the Applicant Diversity Survey - Statement of Collection for additional information. 
 Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact: 
 Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247), or 
Faculty of Health Sciences HR Office at ext. 22207, or 
School of Graduate Studies at ext. 23679 
 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
