Skip to content 
 
 Kent School Writes 
 A blog by those who teach and learn at Kent School 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Contact 
 
 Early in My Teaching Career: Reflections 
 May 20, 2020  ~  kentschoolctown 
 This is not my first year teaching, or my first year at Kent School. I was fortunate enough in the fall of 2017 to student teach at Kent School and then work there in the spring of 2018 as the after care instructor. My first year of teaching at another school was less than amazing, and I knew that the school was not a good fit for me. When Nancy, the Head of Kent School, offered me a job for this academic year, I could not have been more excited. 
 The beginning of this year brought many changes. I had to transition from being at another school to a school I was familiar with, but with the added pressure of presenting myself as more than the former student teacher. I am the youngest teacher at the school and I feared being viewed as “the intern”. I was anxious, but my fears were swept away as I was welcomed by the community. 
 My students further welcomed me into the Kent School community. My goal for this year was to obviously teach my students, but also showed them that in my classroom they are loved and valued. I wanted to show my kids that they may not be the best writers or love reading, but I accept them for who they are. I feel like I achieved this goal, especially with the feedback I have received during COVID. Academically, my students are stronger; they are brighter, better readers, and stronger writers. Many have more confidence in their abilities and at the very end of the day, that is all that matters to me. 
 COVID has caused many changes, but also revealed many strengths that would have not been as obvious without this unfortunate situation. This experience has shown me what a great support system that I have, how resilient my students are, and how thankful I am for my classroom. My administration, co-workers, and parents took this bad situation and made the best of it. We have come together and supported one another during this difficult time. Many of my kids have become strong, independent learners and shown themselves that they are capable of achieving greatness. I am so incredibly proud of them. Even though we have made lemonade out of lemons, I cannot wait to return to my physical classroom. I never realized how important a setting can be. 
 My second year of teaching is certainly one I will remember. I have goals and ideas for next year, and I am proud of how this year turned out. There is always room for improvement, but it is also important to enjoy the moment. This year may not have been ideal, but I am grateful to have finished this year as a member of the Kent School community. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Posted in  Uncategorized 
 Post navigation 
 < Previous A Bigger Toolbox 
 Next > We Adapt 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Take a Letter 
 This Moment in Time 
 A Happy New Year 
 Knowing Your Child 
 Positivity in the Time of Covid 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 [Knowing Your Child 
 …](https://kentschoolorg.wordpress.com/2020/09/01/knowing-your-child/) on  Morning Greeting 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kent School Employee…  on  Kent School: Committed to Conn… 
 
 
 Tammy Y on  Kent School: Committed to Conn… 
 
 
 
 Susan Sutton Nickers… on  The Power of a Strong Sen… 
 
 
 
 
 kentschoolctown  on  In Recess We Trust 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 November 2020 
 October 2020 
 September 2020 
 July 2020 
 June 2020 
 May 2020 
 April 2020 
 March 2020 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 December 2016 
 
 Categories 
 
 Elementary Education 
 Uncategorized 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 Dribbble 
 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
