Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Sales Associate/Merchandiser - Chelmsford 
 Canadian Tire 
 __Chelmsford, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Are you ready to join Canada's most-shopped general merchandise retailer, with over 500 stores from coast to coast? 
 Canadian Tire offers customers a unique mix of products and services through three specialty categories in which the organization is the market leader - automotive parts, accessories and service; sports and leisure products; and home products. 
 Canadian Tire offers competitive compensation packages including; benefits, potential for profit sharing, extensive training, and career opportunities from within and across the country at the Canadian Tire Retail stores. 
 Summary: 
The Sales Associate team member works in a fast-paced environment that involves constant interaction with customers, delivering friendly and courteous service while explaining product benefits and fulfilling customer needs. This role also involves store maintenance such as stocking shelves, merchandising and general housekeeping. 
 Main Responsibilities and Tasks: 
Meet, greet and thank customers and provide friendly, informed service to them. 
Guides customer to the location of requested items. 
Locates products in the warehouse. 
Answers questions and provides friendly advice and services to customers. 
Suggest value-added and related products by actively listening to customer needs. 
Responds to and handles customer inquiries, requests and concerns in a timely manner, over the phone and in person. 
Learns about new products on a regular basis. 
Keeps up to date with in-store promotions, in-store deals and product locations. 
Ensures that retail basics tasks are executed efficiently. 
Identify low stock levels and maintain inventory accuracy. 
Engages in learning activities and listens to feedback to improve their own abilities. 
Knowledge of merchandising, following POG's, 
 Requirements: 
Highly approachable, customer-oriented individual who thrives on offering exceptional service to customers. 
Effective written and oral communication skills (e.g., probing, listening, etc.) and the ability to maintain professional communication, even in challenging situations. 
Ability to complete retail tasks according to instructions and to demonstrate responsibility for outcomes. 
Ability to work in a fast-paced team environment that provides assistance and support to co-workers to achieve common goals. 
Ability to resolve retail and/or customer issues. 
Ability to adapt and cope with challenging and changing situations. 
Positive attitude, punctuality and solid work ethic. 
Ability to consistently provide professional customer service, including in situations of conflicts. 
 More about the position: 
Potential Career Opportunities 
 Next levels:  Merchandiser, Supervisor, Department Manager and Store Manager. 
 Physical Demands and Working Conditions 
 Standing/walking for 8 hours. 
Lifting and/or carrying of merchandise items, as required, on a regular, frequent and unassisted basis. Merchandise item may vary in weight from "light" to "heavy". 
 Our offering includes 
 Competitive compensation and benefit package 
Potential for Profit Sharing 
Employee Shopping Discounts 
Flexible work hours 
Learning and Development opportunities 
Scholarships 
Reward and Recognition Program 
A culture of performance & accountability 
A supportive and positive team environment 
 Background Check Requirements: 
As a condition of employment, this position may be subject to the successful completion of the following pre-employment conditions: 
Employment Verification 
We thank all applicants for their interest; however only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted.We are committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace for all. If you are contacted for a job opportunity, please advise us of any accommodations needed to ensure fair and equitable access throughout the recruitment and selection process. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
