  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Wallsend 
 Rate:  £35k - 50k per year 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 Clinical Lead Nurse 
 Nurse Seekers are currently proud to be recruiting a Clinical Lead nurse to work for a well respected nursing care provider based in the Wallsend area. 
 My clients nursing and residential care home is perfectly located near the city of Newcastle, with great access to the local shops and amenities with excellent public transport links. 
 The home offers the highest standard of care across all areas and caters for Elderly residents, Dementia as well as Younger Adults. 
 The home and the group recognises the importance of delivering person-centred care, delivered by well-trained and supported staff with the aim of bringing out the best in everybody. 
 They are now looking to expand their dedicated team with an enthusiastic, experienced and ambitious Clinical Lead Nurse. 
 The successful candidate will ideally be an RGN or RMN Qualified Nurse with experience in a care home setting, experience in in a senior role is preferred but not essential. 
 You will need to possess excellent communication skills and a commitment to delivering a high standard of care to the residents. 
 You must have a genuine passion to offer care to the elderly and have a positive outlook and can-do attitude. 
 You will be responsible for attending to the physical and emotional care needs of residents, promoting a holistic, person-centred approach. 
 Directly reporting to the Home Manager, as the Lead Nurse, you will be accountable for your team, making sure that they are providing the highest standard of care and nursing expected of a Nurse across all aspects of the role. 
 In return for your hard work my client is offering an excellent rate of pay with great staff benefits. 
 A long with this you will receive on going, in-house training. 
 Fantastic career opportunities will be given to you to expand and develop your own career within a forward thinking, modern healthcare provider. 
 If this position sounds perfect for you, then please give one of our consultants a call on 01926 676369 or register your details with us online. 
 Nurse Seekers are always seeking RGNs, RMNs and RNLDs across the UK. 
 If you are currently seeking a new post then please feel free to get in touch or send us your CV and we will commit to finding your perfect position. 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  Permanent 
 
 
 Rate:  £35k - 50k per year 
 
 
 Location:  Wallsend 
 
 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 
 Industry:  Medical 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Nurse Seekers 
 
 
 Contact:  Chris Bradbury 
 
 
 Tel:  01926 676369 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Reference:  N1612b 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-05 07:42:47 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Nurse Seekers  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Nurse Seekers 
 
 Night Nurse 
 Qualified Nurse 
 Nursing Home Manager 
 RGN Qualified Nurse 
 Support Worker 
 Registered Nurse 
 Registered Nurse - Private Hospital 
 Non-Medical Prescriber Deputy Manager RMN or RGN 
 Registered Nurse RGN or RMN 
 Registered Nurse 
 School Nurse 
 Registered Nurse 
 Care Assistant 
 Registered Nurse 
 Occupational Therapist 
 Registered Nurse 
 Registered Nurse RMN or RNLD 
 Deputy Manager RMN, RGN or RNLD 
 Occupational Therapist 
 Clinical Psychologist 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
