Skip to content 
 
 J-K Network Services 
 Providing jobs. Changing lives 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 About Us 
 Contact Us 
 
 5 Things To Remember while job-hunting this Season 
 The Holiday season is officially around the corner. Nonetheless, we know there's no stopping you from securing that job you really want. To keep you protected, well-equipped and at ease, check out this list for the things you need to remember while you go your way to start establishing your career during this cold season. 
 image source: pexels.com 
 5. Keep yourself warm.  The weather's getting cold and the best way to guarantee a successful interview is to feel comfortable. Wear appropriate clothing or bring extra coats which can keep you cosy before and after the  main event. 
 image source: unsplash.com ( http://jknetwork-jobs.com ) 
 4. Prepare your tummy.  If you're looking into skipping breakfast or lunch to rather grab a quick meal from a store before your tests or interview, please think twice. Almost all restaurants, food stalls and stores are filled with diners during this season. You might get stuck in that food store or might face the assessments on an empty stomach. This surely is the least that you'd want if you are looking into nailing your assessments. 
 ****image source: unsplash.com 
 3. Make your research . Check the location of your interview ahead of time. The roads will certainly get loaded as more and more shoppers are going out in preparation for the Holidays. With this, it would be best to have at least 2 to 3 alternative routes to the venue for you to arrive safe and early. 
 2. Check your things.  Before setting off for your appointment, make it sure that you have your Identification cards, extra CV's and cash with you. It would be a huge hassle if you realized you didn't have your ID right when you're about to enter the building and would be denied to do so. 
 image source: unsplash.com 
 1. Ask for help.  Job-hunting isn't always hard. Seeking help from the right batch of people would do you a huge favor. 
 Head-hunting companies, for example, have a huge network of job opportunities that you can choose from. Check out this link for a sample of thousand job openings you might want to try out:  https://jknetwork-jobs.com/search?q=&a=search 
 image source: freeqration.com 
 Head-hunting companies have expertise in job-assessments which can be shared with you so as you can pass assessments. They are trusted in roads and maps and could guide you straight to the companies for your interviews. To know more about how this work, click this link out:  https://jknetwork-jobs.com 
 And the best thing is that everything is free, not only this season, as an early Christmas gift for you, but all year round as long as you're in need of jobs. 
 Lots of luck and cheers to your job-hunting. Make the most out of your holidays! 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Author: J-K Network Services 
 ABOUT US J-K NETWORK MANPOWER SERVICES is a trusted partner for providing manpower solution to over 500 companies around the Philippines. We find MULTILINGUALS, FILIPINO and EXECUTIVES for all types of jobs. We are a licensed recruitment agency with Government accreditation. We are registered in Department of Trade and Industry with no. 01956641 and we are under the Department of Labor and Employment License number M-15-01-034. We give free assistance for your employment application. Free Career Consultation. Awarded as the best vendor in the Philippines, Be employed with today’s biggest companies in the country. Our clients are from BPO, IT, Manufacturing, Real Estate, Bank and Finance, Consultancy, Casinos and other International and Global companies based in the Philippines Hiring Bilinguals Japanese, Chinese (Mandarin), Chinese (Cantonese), Chinese (Fukien), Korean, Bahasa Indonesia, Bahasa Melayu, Thai, Bengali, Portuguese, Hindi, Vietnamese, Urdu, French, German, Russian, Spanish, Dutch HIRING FILIPINO (all positions) Accounting/Finance, Administrative/Office Management, Advertising/Publishing, Human Resource/Back Office Jobs, Manufacturing, Sales and Marketing, Hotel-Hospitality, Customer Service Industry, BPO Industry, Engineering, IT (Hardware), IT (Software), IT (Network, DataBase, System) AWARDS RECEIVED 2014 • Accenture’s Entry Level Hires (Multilingual) 2014 • Accenture’s Valued Recruitment Partner 2014 2015 • Accenture’s Top Multilingual Provider 2015 • Outstanding Award for Most Number of Multilingual Applicants -3rd Quarter of 2015 2016 • Outstanding Award for Most Number of Multilingual Applicants -1st Quarter of 2016 • Outstanding Award for Most Number of Multilingual Applicants -2nd Quarter of 2016 • Outstanding Award for Most Number of Multilingual Applicants -3rd Quarter of 2016   View all posts by J-K Network Services  
 Author   J-K Network Services Posted on  October 8, 2019October 10, 2019 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Previous post: 5 Current Job Opportunities that Prove This isn't Too Late to go Job-Hunting 
 Next Next post: 5 Reasons why Cebu is a Place Like No Other 
 Recent Posts 
 
 This is Why you should Learn Korean and Why you should Start Now.  October 9, 2020 
 Top 10 Hot Job Openings for July 2020  July 28, 2020 
 10 Hot Job Openings in The Philippines for June 2020  June 22, 2020 
 5 Things to Know About Bilingual Recruiting during the COVID-19 Pandemic  June 4, 2020 
 5 Things to Expect while Job-Hunting After the Lockdown  June 1, 2020 
 
 About us 
 Your trusted Job hunting partner for a LIFETIME! 
 J-K Network Services is created with the desire to provide assistance to job hunters in finding job in faster and easier way and was duly licensed by the Department of Trade in Industry, Department of Labor and Employment and BIR. 
 J-K Network Services is a part of one of the fastest growing and largest multilingual recruitment company who provides manpower to their partner companies from different industries and is holding the record of the highest rate of successful employment and awarded as the Top Multilingual Provider from 2014 up to the present. 
 We provide bilingual jobs in different industries to bilingual speakers across all nationalities who wanted to work in the Philippines. 
 New Job Openings for Bilingual Speakers every month. We are looking for: 
Japanese, Korean, Mandarin, Cantonese, Fukien, Spanish, French, Bahasa Indonesian, Bahasa Malaysian ,Vietnamese, Thai , German, French, Portuguese, Arabic, Hindi, Dutch and other Asian and European Languages 
 We also have opening for Non Bilingual Speakers : 
Accounting/Finance, Administrative/Office Management, Advertising/Publishing, Human Resource/Back Office Jobs, Manufacturing, Sales and Marketing, Hotel-Hospitality, Customer Service Industry, BPO Industry, Engineering, IT (Hardware), IT (Software), IT (Network, Database, System) 
You may contact us through: 
 EMAIL: jkmanpower@jp-network-e.com 
SKYPE: jkrecruit 
NUMBER: 0917 813 9678 | 0936 973 4185 | 0929 3159 901 
LANDLINE: (02) 932 -09 63 
 Visit our Website: 
 For Applicant's Page: 
Japanese Page :  http://jkmanpower.jp-network-e.com/forApplicants_ja 
Chinese page :  http://jkmanpower.jp-network-e.com/forApplicants_zh-CN 
Korean Page :  http://jkmanpower.jp-network-e.com/forApplicants_ko 
English Page :  http://jkmanpower.jp-network-e.com/ 
 For Client's Page 
Japanese Page :  http://jkmanpower.jp-network-e.com/forClients_ja 
Chinese Page :  http://jkmanpower.jp-network-e.com/forClients_zh-CN 
Korean Page :  http://jkmanpower.jp-network-e.com/forClients_ko 
English Page :  http://jkmanpower.jp-network-e.com/forClients 
 Reviews from our successful candidate 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0F81TRw-J5o 
 EVENTS 
 This slideshow requires JavaScript. 
 J-K Network Services 
 
 J-K Network Services 
 
 J-K Network Services Official Page 
 
 J-K Network Services Official Page 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Follow Us 
 
  LinkedIn  
  Twitter  
  Facebook  
  Facebook  
  YouTube  
   
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 J-K Network Services  on  10 Available Jobs Amidst the E… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Orlando Calusa  on  10 Available Jobs Amidst the E… 
 
 
 Ace on  나는이 회사가 정말로 나를 많이 도울 수 있다고 상상할… 
 
 
 
 Apple on  Experience being with J-K Netw… 
 
 
 
 Zhey on  Experience being with J-K Netw… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 About Us 
 Contact Us 
 
 J-K Network Services   Website Powered by WordPress.com . 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
