Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Trim Technician 
 Zenabis 
 __Atholville, NB 
 Apply Now 
 Essential Duties and Responsibilities: 
 The Trim Room Technician directly reports to and under the supervision of the Senior Production and Packaging Supervisor. They are responsible for the trimming of cannabis plants from the drying stag to packaging stag while ensuring adherence to Health Canada’s ACMPR, companies Standard Operating Procedures, GPP, GMP and GLP. 
 Core Competencies 
 
 Knowledge Health Canada’s ACMPR 
 Must have leadership skills. 
 Strong organization skills and attention to detail. 
 Good communication skills 
 Knowledge and compliance with GPP. GMP, and G 
 
 Duties and Responsibilities 
 
 Able to hand trim or machine trim product to prepare it for the next stage of processing 
 Consistently and routinely inspect plants for disease and pest, perform quality control inspections of final trimmed product. 
 Weight and record materials for performance tracking and complete all required documentation, ensure waste products are accurately labeled and documented appropriately 
 Move cannabis (pre and post-harvest) between production environments in an efficient and sanitary manner. 
 Ensure all equipment and rooms have been cleaned and sterilized according to SOP’s and ACMPR requirements and recorded in appropriate logs. 
 Communicate, motivate, coach and teach employees. 
 Check work of employees to ensure quality of packaging. 
 Flexibility to assume other jobs when work schedule necessitates movement of staff to other positions. 
 Other duties as assigned. 
 
 Qualifications 
 
 High school diploma or equivalent. 
 Clean Criminal Record Check 
 Horticulture training 
 Knowledge of ACMPR an asset 
 Able to stand or sit for long periods of time 
 Must be able to safely and carefully operate and use assigned equipment and machinery 
 Strong attention to detail and willingness to learn new things 
 Computer skills and knowledge in Microsoft Office. 
 Experience with inventory control systems an asset. 
 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Education: 
 
 Secondary School (Preferred) 
 
 Language: 
 
 English (Preferred) 
 French (Preferred) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
