Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Mine Operations Coordinator 
 Nutrien Ag Solutions 
 __Allan, SK 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description 
 Mine Operations Coordinator - (Allan, Saskatchewan, Canada) 
 At Nutrien, our Purpose is to grow our world from the ground up and we do so with safety and integrity as our core values. Nothing is more important than sending our people home safe, every day. 
 Nutrien is a leading provider of agricultural products, services, and solutions. With approximately 20,000 employees world-wide, we are the largest producer of potash (by capacity) and one of the world’s largest producers of nitrogen and phosphate. We also operate a leading agriculture retail network that services over 500,000 growers. 
 We harvest the best. Diverse views and experience make us strong. We look for people who have a safety-first mindset, who are collaborative team players, who deliver on their commitments, who are innovators in search of a better way, and who believe in inclusion. 
 Working at Nutrien will provide you an opportunity to help us Feed the Future, and grow your career. 
 Reporting to the Mine Operations General Foreman. 
 What you will do: 
Ensure safe working conditions by identifying hazards and taking corrective action 
Assist with monthly inspections 
Comply with Collective Bargaining Agreement, Company Policies & Procedures, and Rules & Regulations 
Coordinate and communicate tasks to appropriate departments and ensure efficient execution 
Provide status updates, track, and report any variance from plans 
Manage and distribute work orders and commissioning forms to the supervision team 
Setup tasks to be commissions as well as final commissioning of panel setups and mainline belt installs 
Contribute to in-field inspections 
Support in the development of Mine Engineering prints for Rehab and Production cutting plans 
Coordinate required equipment and materials for jobs 
Support and promote site safety programs 
Attend and contribute to Mine Operations planning team meetings 
Provide weekend and weekday coverage 
 What you will bring: 
Excellent interpersonal, communication, and organizational skills 
Effective leadership skills 
Proficient with iPads and other software and technologies 
General knowledge of mine operation, equipment, procedures, working conditions, and tasks 
Valid Supervisor's Certificate issued by the Saskatchewan Chief Mines Inspector 
Minimum grade 12 education 
Valid Class 5 Driver's License 
 Are you a good match? Apply today! 
 Nutrien is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to creating an inclusive workplace. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics 
 This job will remain posted until filled. In accordance with Nutrien policies, you will be required to undergo a background check and may be required to undergo a substance test. While we appreciate all applications we receive, only candidates under consideration will be contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
