Top 
   
 Submit a request   Sign in 
 
 Workable Support 
 Manage Account 
 Careers Page 
 
 How to add a job tab to your Facebook page 
 Nick DeSimone 
 
 January 14, 2021 11:56 
 Updated 
 
 Follow 
 Super Admins 
 All plans 
 Overview 
 Add a free Jobs Tab to your Facebook company page, and advertise your roles to your most engaged audience. Workable automatically updates the tab every time you create a new position—saving you time and getting the word out faster. 
 The Facebook Jobs Tab will appear in the navigation on your company Facebook page. Clicking it will reveal your list of open positions—and when a candidate applies, their information will be added straight to the ‘applied’ stage for the role in your Workable account, ready for review. 
 Note:   Custom Facebook tabs - like the Jobs tab - can only be enabled if your company page has accrued at least 2,000 likes. 
 You may also want to  enable job posts with Facebook Free Listings , which can be done regardless of page likes. 
 
 Setting it up is easy 
 First, you’ll need to be the admin of your company Facebook page to connect it to Workable. 
 When you’ve logged in to Workable, visit your  Integrations  page by clicking your user icon at the top right of your dashboard. 
 Within the  Embed Jobs  section, click on the Facebook page option to expand that section, and connect to your Facebook account. 
 Complete the steps that appear, signing in to your Facebook account and selecting the page that you'd like to link with Workable. 
 Once you’ve connected, you’ll be taken back to the Workable Integrations section. Confirm the selection of your page in the dropdown menu and click   Add Careers Tab. 
 Choose to group job openings by department or location, and decide whether to display the full job description or just the title. You can also see a live preview as you make your choices. 
 Important:  Facebook has a built-in version that shows jobs published to their job board. This can be toggled on and off in  Page settings . 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 Was this helpful? 
 33 out of 64 found this helpful 
 Have more questions?  Submit a request 
 Related articles 
 
 Integrating with Facebook Free Listings 
 Connecting your LinkedIn Company Page to Workable 
 Hiring Manager: Getting Started  
 Advanced Careers Page FAQ 
 Adding an applicant conversion tracking pixel 
 
 Not using Workable yet?  Try for free , or  Talk to us .  Privacy Policy    Site Status 
