Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Cook 
 Chartwell Retirement Residences 
 __Kanata, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Interested in a career that makes a meaningful difference in the lives of others? One where you are valued and respected, listened to, and empowered to live up to your potential? If so, Chartwell Retirement Residences is the place for you. 
 We are always looking for empathetic, positive and passionate individuals committed to Making People's Lives Better. With over 200 residences across Canada, we have an opportunity for you that will make a difference in your life. 
 The Cook is responsible for ensuring that proper meals are prepared and served on time to residents and guests and ensures that work areas are maintained in a safe and sanitary condition. The cook will also assist in maintaining a safe and secure environment for residents, visitors and other staff members. 
 The responsibilities of the role include but are not limited to: 
 Prepares meals for residents and guests ensuring dietary needs are met; 
Ensures residents are satisfied with all aspects of food preparation and presentation; 
Responds to resident or family member concerns and ensures appropriate action is taken within decision-making authority and/or brings to the attention of the Food Services Manager/Food and Beverage Manager; 
Prepares and presents meals and food for special events in a manner that promotes a positive image and reputation to the public at large; 
Effectively communicates and interacts with residents, family members, visitors and volunteers in a courteous and professional manner; 
Orders and receives food and supplies; 
Operates and cleans food production equipment and food preparation areas. 
 The ideal candidates will possess: 
Previous experience in a volume food preparation environment in the health care or hospitality industry; 
Preferred Red Seal or current equivalent qualifications as a Cook from a recognized cooking program; 
Food Safe Certificates I and II considered an asset; 
First Aid Certification considered an asset; 
Working knowledge of special diets; 
Understanding and experience of the Hazard Analysis & Critical Control Points (HACCP) program and food safety plan; 
Must have a high standard of hygiene and cleanliness; 
Customer service orientation. 
 Candidates must be available to work days, evenings and weekends. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
