
 CONTACT 
 Login 
 14 Day FREE TRIAL 
 
 [HOME 
 
 ](https://www.workmobileforms.com) 
 
 
 ABOUT 
 
 
 FEATURES 
 
 
 INDUSTRIES 
 
 
 CASE STUDIES 
 
 
 SUPPORT 
 
 
 PRICING 
 
 
 More 
 
 
 All Posts 
 
 
 WorkMobile Blog 
 
 
 Industry News 
 
 
 Latest News 
 
 
 Hints And Tips 
 
 
 Release Notes 
 
 
 New Features 
 
 
 Form Builder 
 
 
 Photos & Video 
 
 
 Digital Signatures 
 
 
 GPS 
 
 
 Job Dispatch 
 
 
 Report Builder 
 
 
 Barcodes/QR Codes 
 
 
 Notifications 
 
 
 Document Share 
 
 
 Business Intelligence 
 
 
 Construction 
 
 
 Facilities 
 
 
 Charity 
 
 
 Utilities 
 
 
 Retail 
 
 
 Search 
 
 WorkMobileForms.com 
 
 
 
 * Jun 14, 2018
 
 
 
 
 
 * 2 min read
 
 
 
 Workers in dangerous jobs are being failed by poor health and safety procedures 
 Updated: Dec 11, 2019 
 A quarter of employees working in hazardous job roles believe their employers aren’t doing enough to keep them safe at work. 
 25% of labourers in manual professions, such as construction, thought their company’s health and safety information didn’t go into enough detail about their role and the dangers they could face, or how to deal with risky situations. 
 Worryingly, the survey of 2,000 employees, working for businesses that have over five employees, found that almost two thirds (65%) of employees have never received any information on their company’s health and safety policies. 
 This is despite it being a basic legal requirement for all companies with five employees or more. 
 The research, which was conducted by award-winning  data capture  app provider, WorkMobile, also revealed that as a result, the majority of workers in dangerous jobs do not feel that they are well equipped to deal with a hazardous situation if one occurred. 
 A fifth (18%) would have no idea how to report an issue or hazard at work, despite there being a higher chance of this occurring in dangerous working environments. A quarter (25%) would have a vague idea about how to handle the situation, but would still need to ask for help or consult with the company’s procedure documents first. 
 Thankfully, over half (57%) of workers would know exactly what to do in a hazardous situation. 
 Although it is the duty of the employer to keep staff members safe, workers are also failing to take responsibility for their own welfare and follow rules that have been put in place. Almost half (48%) of those who work in a hazardous or high-risk role, such as construction, have not read their operations manual. Surprisingly, those who work in low-risk roles, like office work, are more likely to read their company’s health safety guidance – almost two thirds (60%) of these employees have read the health and safety documents they were provided with, despite being exposed to fewer hazards. 
 The survey was conducted as part of WorkMobile’s ‘   Work Safe ’ report, which looks at the current state of health and safety in the UK and where improvements need to be made to protect workers. 
 Colin Yates, chief support officer at WorkMobile, said: “Employees working in dangerous sectors, such as construction or manual labour, will inevitably face a higher number of hazards than those in office-based roles, for example. Based on this, we’d expect companies in these sectors to take health and safety much more seriously in order to keep their staff safe. 
 “It’s really shocking to see that some businesses are failing to put in place even the most basic health and safety procedures. Failing to supply workers with information and guidance on health and safety policies could land business owners with a hefty fine, or even a prison sentence in extreme cases. But, aside from this, when staff are not trained on how to work safely, there is a greater risk of accidents happening – especially in these more hazardous industries. 
 “With working practices constantly being improved, there is no excuse for not obeying the law and fulfilling their business obligations.” 
 For more information, please visit:  https://www.workmobileforms.com/research-and-whitepapers/ 
 Watch the Workmobile  features demo  here. 
 #HealthandSafety   #procedures   #worksafe 
 
 Latest News 
 • 
 Industry News 
 
 Recent Posts 
 See All 
 
 Taking the safety battle online: why mobile technology can save lives  
 
 How to keep your employee facing apps as secure as possible 
 
 How digital technology can improve business operations this decade 
 Contact : 
 ​ 
 WorkMobileforms, 
 Lowry Mill, 
 Lees Street, 
 Swinton, Manchester, 
 United Kingdom, 
 M27 6DB 
 ​ 
 +44 (0)161 464 6220 
 sales@workmobileforms.com 
 Industries: 
 Civil 
 Construction 
 Facilities 
 Utilities 
 Retail 
 Charities 
 Case Studies: 
 ​ 
 Construction 
 Facilities 
 Utilities 
 Retail 
 Charity 
 Testimonials 
 Research & Whitepapers 
 ​ 
 Visit our Enterprise Site 
 Pricing: 
 Pricing Comparison 
 Demo 
 14 Day Free Trial 
 28 Day Trial 
 Standard Package 
 Enterprise Edition 
 Online Quote 
 Blog 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 
 
 
 
