The Working Actor's Journey 
 
 Start Here 
 Work/Learn
 
 Virtual Workshops 
 Coaching and Courses 
 LIVE Online Readings 
 Acting Podcasts and Audiobooks 
 
 
 Podcast 
 About 
 Members 
 Blog 
 Contact 
 
 Talking Cashflow for Creatives with Kristine Oller, Actor and Strategic Planner 
 Published February 26, 2019 | Last Updated December 30, 2020  Leave your thoughts » 
 
 You are auditioning against actors who are walking into that room knowing that even if they book the role, they might not be able to even do the job because they might have already booked something else. They are bringing in that lightness and that's really what you're competing against. — Kristine Oller   Now today […] 
 Filed Under:  Podcast  Tagged With:  actors ,  business ,  career ,  hustle ,  job ,  podcast ,  side biz ,  work 
 Ep #5: Geoffrey Wade (National Tours, Regional Theatre, The BFG) on People vs. Characters and Doing Your Job 
 explicit language  So don't be surprised! 
 Published January 16, 2018 | Last Updated January 9, 2019  2 Comments - add more! 
 
 Absolutely do small theatre projects because you'll meet people and make connections, but make sure you know why you're doing it. — Geoffrey Wade I'm thrilled to welcome Geoffrey (@geoffreywade) to the show: a wonderful actor, director, teacher, photographer, and acting coach. In addition to being a student of Geoffrey's at The Antaeus Company, we've also […] 
 Filed Under:  Episodes ,  Podcast  Tagged With:  antaeus ,  characters ,  don quixote ,  explicit ,  film ,  harvey ,  italy ,  job ,  london ,  musical theatre ,  national theatre ,  people ,  regional theatre ,  spielberg ,  television ,  tom stoppard ,  vermont 
 Join The Working Actor's Dispatch! 
 Download the FREE Guide  10 Ways to Stop Worrying and START WORKING! 
 Get your copy of this online guide of advice and lessons learned with  auditions, singing, saying 'no', anxiety, insecurity, and more ...  from actors who've been there!⁠  There's  36+ hours  of interviews and here we've compiled some of the best wisdom shared.  Go beyond acting theory and hear from professionals that have worked for 40+ years...  where the rubber meets the road. 
 Latest Chat 
 
 Q&A with actor, social media maven, and entrepreneur BEN WHITEHAIR (pandemic, trends, SAG-AFTRA) 
 Get the show delivered to you! 
 
 
   
 What would you like to find? (just type and hit enter!) 
 Last chance to get the guide "10 Ways to Stop Worrying and Start Working!" (or I guess you could scroll up…) 
 Success! Now check your email to confirm your subscription. 
 There was an error submitting your subscription. Please try again. 
 Email Address 
 join now! 
 more stuff on the socials 
  The Working Actor's #Shakespeare is filling up! Ju  
  Early BARD discount disappears TONIGHT, Friday, Ja  
  I know we're all looking ahead, but I just wanted   
  Do you feel like something is missing from your ba  
  @BENWHITEHAIR RETURNS for a great Q&A! Episode w/   
  Coming up TONIGHT is our final workshop presentati  
  Load More...     Follow on Instagram 
 Most Downloaded Episodes 
 
 Ep #1: Robert Pine on Raw Enthusiasm and Knowing Yourself 
 
 Ep #12: Dakin Matthews on Acting the Classics and Your Artistic Family 
 
 
 Ep #16: Ray Porter on Delivering the Mail, Being Your Advocate, and Good-Natured Arrogance 
 
 The WAJ Podcast 
 
 Follow @wajpodcast 
 Most Listeners Until the Very End! 
 
 Ep #10: Gigi Bermingham on Being a Misfit and Living Your Dream 
 
 
 Ep #5: Geoffrey Wade on People vs. Characters and Doing Your Job 
 
 
 Ep #4: 3x Tony-Nominee Harry Groener on Versatility and Learning Lines Quickly 
 What would you like to find? 
 (just type and hit "enter") 
 
 Home 
 Start Here 
 Virtual Workshops 
 Coaching and Courses 
 Podcast 
 About 
 Blog 
 Contact 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 ·  Agency Pro Theme  On  Genesis Framework 
