Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Partner & Consumer Care Representative, Outbound Sales 
 Tilray 
 __Nanaimo, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Partner & Consumer Care Representative, Outbound Sales - Nanaimo, BC 
 About Tilray 
Tilray is a global pioneer in cannabis research, cultivation, processing and distribution currently serving tens of thousands of patients in ten countries spanning five continents. 
 About High Park Company 
High Park Company was established to develop, sell, and distribute inspiring and iconic adult-use cannabis brands. 
Looking to develop your career at the forefront of a rapidly expanding industry? 
 The Partner and Consumer Care Representative (PCCR) is the direct link to our medical and recreational cannabis consumers. We have unwavering obligations to our partners and consumers and the successful candidate in this role will be the first interaction and support they receive from Tilray. PCCRs are advisors and sales agents who guide patients and provide long-term support. The Outbound PCCR position will primarily focus on activation and conversion, and performance is measured by the number of calls made, documents activated, and documents converted. 
Role and Responsibilities 
Assist patients in completing the necessary steps for new and renewing patient registration (activation and retention) 
Drive conversion of medical documents by interacting with new and renewing patients via telephone, email, and mail to provide information about Tilray products and services 
Detect, assess, communicate, and solve problems with a solution-based approach that drives activation, conversion, and retention 
Document and address patient concerns, and if necessary, refer unresolved issues to relevant internal departments for follow-up 
Support clinic-driven initiatives that focus on activation, conversion, and retention 
Communicate effectively and professionally across various departments and third-party vendors 
Help maintain inbound customer care service level standards, as needed 
Assist Supervisory team with various duties when departmental and company needs and priorities change 
As needed, assist and support the recreational team with consumer inquiries 
 The Outbound PCCR is conversion-based position:  must be comfortable selling over the phone 
Other duties as assigned 
 Qualifications 
Grade 12 diploma 
2 years customer service experience 
Sales experience with cold-calling is desired 
Ability to type 40wpm is required 
Proven ability to use Microsoft Office Applications 
Excellent communication skills are essential (comprehension, spoken, written) 
Ability to ask for the sale and be persuasive (connecting the dots between patient’s needs and Tilray’s products) 
Bilingualism is an asset (French/English) 
Ability to multi-task, take initiative and be resourceful of information 
Knowledge of cannabis is an asset 
 Tilray welcomes applications from all qualified individuals and is committed to employment equity and diversity in the workplace. 
 Accommodations are available for applicants with disabilities throughout the recruitment process. If you require accommodations for interviews or other meetings, please advise when submitting your application. 
 Please note that Tilray does not authorize, engage, or sponsor any consultants, agencies or organizations that seek certain personal or financial information from you (e.g. passwords, login ids, credit card information). The Company does not charge any application, processing or onboarding fee at any stage of the recruitment or hiring process. 
 When replying to emails, please ensure the sender name and email address match exactly. Please also ensure the Reply-To address matches the sending address exactly. 
If you are concerned about the authenticity of an email, letter, or call purportedly from, for, or on behalf of the Company, please send an email inquiry to infosec@tilray.com 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
