Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Cost Accountant 
 Tilray 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Cost Accountant - Toronto, ON 
 About Tilray 
Tilray is a global pioneer in cannabis research, cultivation, processing and distribution currently serving tens of thousands of patients in ten countries spanning five continents. 
Looking to develop your career at the forefront of a rapidly expanding industry? 
 Role and Responsibilities 
Relationship Management 
Build strong relationships with plant personnel and operations to develop strong understanding of business operations, which will assist in the monthly accounting activities and product costing 
Primary point of contact for plant and operations personnel on all inventory related accounting matters 
Work closely to provide financial support to other departments and other Tilray facilities 
Internal Controls 
Develop and maintain all internal controls to comply with SOX and monitor and ensure adherence to all controls 
Assist in quarterly and annual external and internal financial and SOX audits 
Document policies and procedures, and cross-train other Finance/Accounting staff 
Ensure the input of financial data is accurate, correct and complete 
Control monthly inventory counts and facilitate annual/year-end inventory count together with operations department 
Daily & Monthly Activity 
Prepare and analyse the monthly Costing Model 
Ensure that all monthly, quarterly, and annual financial accounting activities are completed in a timely and accurate manner 
Perform all aspects of cost accounting including the preparation, review and analysis of product inventory costing, standard costing, overhead allocation, variance analysis and related month end processes 
Monitor production cost variances and related exception reporting to promptly identify key variances from standard costs. Identify root causes and review recommendations with operations management daily to eliminate key variances 
Perform technical accounting tasks including the preparation of JE’s, balance sheet reconciliations, periodic closing, monthly accruals and inter-company balance reconciliation 
Conduct inter company balance reconciliation, monthly accruals, journal entry logs and and audit binder 
Participate in quarterly inventory reserve calculations 
Work with management to establish and maintain accurate reporting of product costs, margins and similar management reports to improve operations 
Assists in the preparation of annual budgets, lending technical and analytical expertise for the development of labor efficiencies, rates, overhead and raw materials 
 Qualifications and Education Requirements 
Bachelor’s Degree in Accounting or Finance required 
CPA designated or within 6 months of completion preferred. 
Minimum of 3 years full cycle accounting experience is required. 
Experience with Power Query in Excel is an asset 
Experience within manufacturing, pharmaceutical or GMP is an asset 
Experience with sophisticated ERP systems is required 
Advanced competency in Microsoft suite, including effective working skills of MS Word, PowerPoint and e-mail and advanced Excel skills. 
Strong analytical skills with the ability to work with large volumes of data and identify the most critical points. 
Self-motivated individual who will drive process improvements where needed. 
Effective written and verbal communication skills as well as presentation skills. 
Highly flexible with solid interpersonal skills to handle ambiguities and continuous improvement 
Able to work independently and as part of a team coupled with the ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment with competing priorities 
 Tilray welcomes applications from all qualified individuals and is committed to employment equity and diversity in the workplace. 
 Accommodations are available for applicants with disabilities throughout the recruitment process. If you require accommodations for interviews or other meetings, please advise when submitting your application. 
 Please note that Tilray does not authorize, engage, or sponsor any consultants, agencies or organizations that seek certain personal or financial information from you (e.g. passwords, login ids, credit card information). High Park does not charge any application, processing or onboarding fee at any stage of the recruitment or hiring process. 
 When replying to emails, please ensure the sender name and email address match exactly. Please also ensure the Reply-To address matches the sending address exactly. 
If you are concerned about the authenticity of an email, letter, or call purportedly from, for, or on behalf of High Park, please send an email inquiry to infosec@tilray.com 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
