Skip to content 
 SENADEN 
 Menu + × expanded collapsed 
 
 Home 
 Blog Feed 
 About 
 
 Candy, it’s job security for dentistry! 
 Posted by Sina October 31, 2019October 31, 2019 Posted in Uncategorized Tags: business ,  business culture ,  dental consulting ,  dental office ,  dental project management ,  dentistry 
 We had a bowl of candy at the front desk in our dental office! Yes, you read that right! A bowl of actual candy - not sugar free, not the tooth shaped suckers sold by dental companies. Nope this was sugar filled, sticky, hard candy. 
 And it was amazing! 
 If you’re a dentist you are probably raising your eyebrows in shock or shaking your head in disagreement, trust me even the dentist I worked with gave me a hard time about it. 
 After all, dentistry is about taking care of teeth, right? And sugar is the evil root of all dental issues. Why would we want to encourage patients to wreak havoc on their enamel! Kind of disgraceful huh? 
 Patients loved it though, it was always a conversation starter, put a smile on their face, for a moment eased their anxiety about being at the dentist. One time a very nervous patient called and a crown she had on #30 had come off! When asked what happened she admitted to eating caramels and it just came happened. So, like a good office manager, I ran to the local corner store and bought her a bag of sweets. When she arrived for her appointment, we gave her the bag of candy and told her that it was for after her appointment! 
 She started laughing and was taken by surprise. She also relaxed and was more at ease. How many dentists are handing out candy right? 
 Now, by no means am I saying that this is what you should do. If you don’t want candy in the office, no big deal (what about a soda machine)?! Joking! 
 See it’s not about the candy. Remember the woman with the missing crown? We gave her the caramels? It was a few weeks later and she sent us a great thank you card and mentioned the caramels and that she liked that little touch (also promised she was watching what she was eating). Over the next couple months, that patient referred quite a few new patients to the office, which is always what we want. And everyone of those patients mentioned the bag of caramel. 
 We became memorable to people. Our action of giving candy or having it at the front desk, made our office stand out to people. Because (drumroll) we were different! Our culture was one of fun, ease, comfort. We did other things like full on decorations for each holiday, had a resident elf that hung around the office, offered coffee or tea in the lobby and genuinely treated everyone like family. 
 The culture of your office is what will allow you to stand apart and be noticed. You don’t want to blend in, get lost in the fact that you do crowns or teeth whitening like every other dental office. You need to find ways to be different and that doesn’t always mean offering different services. It can mean instead, having televisions in each room, or lavender scented towels for after their appointment. It can be sending birthday, anniversary, or thank you cards to each patient. It can be having patient appreciation days, shoot have donuts every Monday. 
 The reality is you have to do something to rise above the rest, or else you will be fighting against the competition based on services, and well most dental offices all offer the same thing. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Posted by Sina October 31, 2019October 31, 2019 Posted in Uncategorized Tags: business ,  business culture ,  dental consulting ,  dental office ,  dental project management ,  dentistry 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Post Previous post: 
The Business of Dentistry 
 Next Post Next post: 
Do Not Hire An Office Manager 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 2 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
 
 SENADEN ,  Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Create your website at WordPress.com 
 Get started 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
