
 Role 
 Description 
 
 Like what you see? Apply Now or hit the back button to search additional career options. 
 Senior Social Media Strategist 
 Apply Now 
 Social Media Strategist 
 We’re a full-service, in-house creative agency within the nation’s largest home remodeler seeking a Social Media Strategist to join our team. Recognized by Glassdoor, FORTUNE, Inc., and Entrepreneur magazine as one of the top workplaces in the country, we frequently rank ahead of companies like Google and Facebook. Power is growing quickly—opening 10 new offices in the next five years and eclipsing $1B in annual revenue. Similarly, our in-house creative agency is a young, fast-paced, and innovative brand shop nationally recognized for our work, including an integrated marketing campaign resulting in over 1 billion impressions for our brand. We’re looking for a dynamic candidate with a minimum of 2-5 years of demonstrated experience developing and executing on social media strategy, preferably within an agency environment or for an established brand. 
 Position Overview: 
As Social Media Strategist, you will be responsible for developing and enacting social media strategies that will allow the company to achieve its higher level business goals and objectives within the social media space. 
The Social Media Strategist will be responsible for leading, developing, and managing Power’s social media team, overseeing the company’s social media accounts, developing campaigns that build our employment and consumer brands by engaging with our core audiences - customers, potential customers, employees and recruits - and fostering communication pipelines between Power and those audiences. 
 The successful candidate operates well within a team environment, displays an impressive aptitude for both business and the social media landscape, is a strategic and creative thinker, and can make meaningful and personal connections with our audiences. 
 Primary Job Responsibilities: 
 
 Develop and enact strategies that enable the company to achieve its higher level business goals within the social media space 
 Development of campaigns and associated content that tactically execute on the designed strategies 
 Lead and develop the personnel on Power’s social media team in order to execute on the designer strategies 
 Present strategy, campaign concepts and analysis to management for review and discussion 
 Working with select executives and organizational thought leaders in order to develop their brands and promote their perspectives within their respective realms in the social space 
 Influencer identification and ability to craft strategies to engage advocates 
 Applying analytics to better profile, target and retarget audience; adapting social campaigns to deliver higher quality responses and improve conversion rates 
 Foster the further development of communication pipelines between the Power social team and our audiences in order to build and engage with each community, mobilize individuals within those communities into becoming brand advocates, resolve any inbound questions or concerns and acquire UGC that can be used to execute on elements of the social strategy 
 Development of a thorough understanding of who our core audiences are, what they want, and why we’re speaking to them in order to create meaningful and personal connections with each audience segment 
 Consistently push creative and design limits by utilizing cutting edge technologies and techniques in delivering creative assets 
 Stays well informed of social media trends and strategies and proactively recommends ideas and initiatives to continuously set brand as a leader in the social media arena 
 Creation and management of a regular publishing and reporting schedule 
 Management of the company’s social media profiles 
 
 Required Experience and Qualifications: 
 
 Bachelor's degree or equivalent preferred. 
 Preferred fields of study: Communications, Digital Media, Marketing, Business, Journalism 
 3-6 years of demonstrated experience, preferably managing social media efforts for clients within an agency environment or for an established brand. 
 Must display an impressive aptitude for both business and the social media landscape 
 Must be able to work both independently and collaboratively within a team environment 
 Excellent storytelling, presenting and communication skills 
 Organizational, analytical and problem-solving skills 
 Experience with social media management suites and tools 
 Awareness of the necessary skill sets and disciplines required to execute on the proposed strategy 
 Experience working with social media tools such as Power Editor, Facebook Ads Manager, etc. a plus 
 Very high attention to detail 
 Preferred Photoshop and design skills and basic video editing skills 
 If no direct design experience, must have the ability to give creative direction and feedback; past experience working with designers and copywriters is preferred 
 Thrive in a dynamic environment; resourcefulness and curiosity are key 
 
 Salary and Benefits: 
 
 Commensurate with experience 
 Full medical, dental, life and disability insurance plans that can be tailored to your specific needs and the needs of your family. 
 Paid Parental Leave and Paid Volunteer Time Off. 
 Free health screenings and rewards for participation in wellness programs 
 Ample paid vacation and holidays 
 A competitive 401(k) retirement savings program, matched by Power. 
 An artfully designed office space to match your creative drive 
 Free food and entertainment on every first Friday of summer 
 Opportunities to further develop skills and attend leadership conferences and summits 
 A robust social program filled with events, and activities, including a company trip to a tropical destination for you and a significant other. 
 
 Apply Now 
 Power Home Remodeling Group is an equal opportunity employer and we are committed to hiring a diverse and talented workforce. 
 ** 
 Thanks again for your interest in PHRG. 
 ** 
 PHRG is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to diversity in our workspace. 
 © Copyright 2021 PHRG - All rights reserved. 
