Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Maintenance Supervisor 
 Aurora Cannabis 
 __Markham, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Aurora Cannabis Inc. is a world-renowned integrated cannabis company with an industry-leading reputation for continuously elevating and setting the global cannabis industry standard. 
 Through our wholly owned subsidiaries, strategic investments, and global partnerships, Aurora provides a wide range of premium quality cannabis and hemp products and services, develops innovative technologies, promotes cannabis consumer health and wellness, and delivers an exceptional customer experience across all its brands. 
 Aurora’s operations span multiple continents and focuses on both the medical and recreational cannabis production and sales, patient education and clinic counselling services, home hydroponic cultivation, extraction technologies and delivery systems, and hemp-based food health products. 
 We operate around the globe pursuing new and emerging cannabis markets where possible through our owned network of import, export and wholesale distributors, our e-commerce and mobile applications, brick and mortar retail stores, as well as grocery store retailers, and pharmacies. 
 Sitting at 50 000 square feet, Aurora Ridge is a key facility in Aurora’s overall Production strategy delivering High quality cannabis to both the Medical and recreational markets. 
 MAINTENANCE SUPERVISOR 
 Reporting to the Facility General Manager, this Maintenance Supervisor is responsible for ensuring the safe and proper operation, and maintenance routines of the facilities in accordance with maintenance standards, legislative acts and regulations. This position requires a hands on individual able and willing to work along side his team. In addition, the Maintenance Supervisor is responsible for leading a shift of workers and ensuring operations run smoothly and safely when the Facility General Manager is absent. 
 MAIN RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Efficient operation and maintenance of the facility 
Implement detailed plans and recommends policies/procedures regarding program specific requirements 
Ensure the safe operation, installation, and repair, of all maintenance systems 
Schedule and assign tasks to workers within their shift team 
Ensure compliance with safety matters under Occupational Health and Safety legislation 
Understand and follow Divisional and Corporate procurement policies and procedures 
Supervise, motivate and train assigned staff, ensuring effective teamwork, high standards of work quality and organizational performance, continuous learning and encourages innovation. 
Other duties as required. 
 QUALIFICATIONS: 
Possession of another trade license relevant to the role is considered an asset 
Post-secondary education related to the responsibilities or equivalent combination of education and experience 
Previous experience in managing a team 
Considerable experience in the management and maintenance of commercial property/ industrial building/ office building /property management or similar environment, including considerable knowledge of Mechanical/ Electrical systems, HVAC and BAS systems 
Knowledge of contract management, vendor management, and project management 
Knowledge of industry best practices and standards as it relates to Facilities Management with the ability to assist with conducting analysis, establishing programs, and measures with specific knowledge in developing and implementing preventative maintenance plans 
Considerable experience in planning, scheduling, coordinating work activities and holding people accountable, both staff and contracted professionals. 
Proven ability to communicate effectively, both orally and in writing, with all levels of staff, including the preparation of briefing notes, reports and other documents. 
Effective decision maker with a track record demonstrating innovation, problem solving and conflict resolution skills, promoting organizational performance and continuous improvement and the ability to promote and foster teamwork. 
Ability to work evenings and weekends as required to support operational requirements 
 We would like to thank all applicants for their interest but only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Aurora is an equal opportunity employer. At Aurora, we are committed to do business inclusively and accommodate applicants with disabilities. If you require accommodation (including, but not limited to, an accessible interview site, alternate format of job posting) during the recruitment and selection process, please let our Recruitment team know. 
 #LI-LinkedIn 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
