
 Menu 
 
 HOME 
 WORK FROM HOME 
 
 __200+ Best Work From Home Jobs 
 __Virtual Assistant Jobs 
 __Proofreading Jobs 
 __Transcription Jobs 
 __Stay at Home Mom Jobs 
 __Online Tutoring Jobs 
 __Delivery Driver App Jobs 
 __Search Engine Evaluator Jobs 
 
 
 MAKE MONEY 
 
 __Make Money From Home 
 __Make Money Online With PayPal 
 __Proven Passive Income Ideas 
 __Make Extra Money From Home 
 
 
 EXTRA CASH 
 
 __Money Making Apps 
 __How To Make Money Doing Surveys 
 __USA Paid Online Surveys 
 __UK Paid Online Surveys 
 
 
 BLOG 
 
 15 Online Jobs for Housewives (Work From Home) 
 Work From Home Jobs  April 22, 2020 
 This post may contain affiliate links. Please read our affiliate disclosure  to learn more. 
 3.9Kshares 
 
   
   
   
 
 
 Are you a housewife or homemaker looking to work from the comfort of your home? Here is a handpicked selection of high-paying online jobs for housewives from home. 
 Staying at home and spending quality time with your family can be fulfilling. However, nothing feels better than having quality family time and financial stability. 
 What work can a housewife do to earn money? 
 If you are looking to acquire financial independence and quality family time, thank your lucky star. This article was tailored to give you the life you desire; that of having financial freedom and being an awesome mother or wife. 
 I know you are looking for easy jobs for housewives that you can do for a few hours per week and save a lot of time for your family. I will not waste any more of your time; let’s get right into the ideal  stay at home mom jobs  and online jobs for housewives at home. 
 What are some good stay at home jobs for housewives? 
 Also Read:  200+ Best Work From Home Jobs: Top Companies With Remote Jobs 
 1. Proofreading 
 Proofreading entails reading your clients’ written content to get rid of any errors. You will be correcting grammatical, punctuation, word arrangement and spelling errors. The final product from you should be flawless, with a high readability score. 
 If you spot grammar errors easily, proofreading might be the best stay-at-home job for you. 
 To get started, look at companies that hire proofreaders such as Kibin and Proofreading Pal. Check out these  17+ Websites To Find Online Proofreading Jobs From Home 
 How can you get started?  You may need to get training to get you started the right way. Check out this  FREE introductory workshop  to gain the skills needed to start your own proofreading business or see if this is the right career for you. 
 
 Proofread Anywhere Holiday Sale! (60% OFF) 
 Our friends at Proofread Anywhere just let us in on some pretty big news! 
 To celebrate the start of a new year and clean slate, Proofread Anywhere are hosting their biggest sale in company history! 
 From  December 14-27  , you can get access to all the courses, guides, and tools you need to pandemic-proof your income…  For 60% off . 
 Click here to check out the sale and enroll! 
 Related: 
 
 What is Proofreading, And How Do I Become a Successful Proofreader? 
 How to Become a Proofreader: Ultimate Guide For Beginners 
 Is Proofread Anywhere Legit? Here’s The Truth 
 How To Become A Successful Proofreader (Interview with Caitlin Pyle) 
 7 Best Proofreading Courses 
 
 2. Become a blogger 
 Blogging is one of the best ways to earn from the comfort of your house. The best thing is that you get to choose how frequently you want to publish blog posts. 
 You can choose to spend a maximum of 5 or 10 hours per week creating content and building your blog. You ultimately get the privilege to create and alter your work schedule as much as you wish. 
 As if the flexibility is not enough, blogging allows you to earn passively. The content you create today will continue making you money for years to come. 
 To add icing on the cake, you get to blog about things that interest you. You will never have a boring day at work. 
 You will earn depending on the traffic attracted to your blog. You can incorporate affiliate links and ads, or even sell your own products through your blog. 
 I started this blog back in Feb 2020. It’s been growing ever since and is now making over $700 a month as of December 2020 (with traffic of around 25000 sessions a month). 
 Earnings from one of the affiliate programs (from 1st-18th December 2020) 
 Earnings from another affiliate program 
 The blog mainly makes money through affiliate marketing and I plan to also add advertisements once it starts generating at least 50, 000 sessions a month. 
 How can you get started? 
 You can  start your own blog today with Bluehost for only  $3.95 a month . You will also get a free domain name plus many other benefits. If you are interested  click here  for more information on their 
 3. Transcription 
 As a transcriptionist, you'll be listening to audio and typing what you hear on a word processing software. 
 Does this sound like something you would love to do? You will need to get a good set of headphones, and a stable internet connection to excel in transcription. You might also need to get trained to get started. 
 The best thing about transcription is that there are lots of companies always hiring. You will have a softer landing spot as a beginner in transcription. 
 Some of the companies always looking to hire transcriptionists include SpeechPad, Rev, TranscribeMe, GoTranscript, Castingwords, and Scribie. Most of these companies pay anything between $15 and $30 per hour audio. To learn more about these companies, check out these  30 Best Online Transcription Jobs From Home . 
 How can you get started?   Check out this  FREE mini course by Janet Shaughnessy . This is a sure way to kick-start your transcription career on the right foot. 
 4. Online writing 
 If you love writing, consider getting online writing gigs. They are a flexible way to  make money online  from the comfort of your house. 
 As an online writer, your work would be to write content for your clients’ blogs, websites and businesses. 
 If you believe in your writing skills and creativity, get some training and you'll be on your way. Training will help you understand the art of writing because it is not merely about jotting down words and creating perfect sentences. You need to know your way around when it comes to fishing for well-paying clients too. 
 You will love that there are lots of content mills that are beginner-friendly and can help you get started building your portfolio. When starting out, you can source for gigs from sites such as Upwork, Fiverr, Hirewriters, iWriter, and Textbroker. Once you gain some reputation, you can then use other techniques such as cold pitching to source for high-paying clients. 
 How can you get started?  Holly Johnson, a veteran in online writing, earns OVER $200,000 a year as a freelance writer. The good thing is she created a  FREE introductory training  on how to build a six-figure writing career. Check it out for a sure way to get started. 
 5. Social media moderator 
 If you spend a lot of time on social media, why not convert that time into a productive venture? 
 Small businesses and companies hire social media moderators to help them improve their presence online. 
 Your work as a social media moderator would include making social media posts, replying to inquiries on social media, moderating group activities and engaging with potential clients. You can land social media moderation jobs through cold-pitching. 
 6. Taking paid surveys 
 Taking paid surveys is an easy way to earn some extra money. The money here cannot sustain you fully, but at least you will take something home. 
 Survey sites let you earn for giving your opinions. Other than paying for opinions, survey sites will pay you to play games, read emails, watch videos, refer friends and test new products. Other survey sites will pay you for just signing up. 
 Survey sites are often available to specific countries. Be sure to confirm whether or not a site is available in your country. Some of the most popular sites are  Swagbucks ,  Survey Junkie ,  MyPoints  and  InboxDollars . 
 Make an Extra $700/Month From Home 
 
 Swagbucks  will pay you $10 just for joining. Get paid more money for sharing your opinions, playing games, watching videos and searching the web.  Click here to join Swagbucks   (Australia, Canada, Ireland & USA residents) 
   Survey Junkie  - Get paid for answering surveys. Join focus groups to earn even more. Up to $75 per completed survey.  Click here to join Survey Junkie   (USA, Canada & Australia residents) 
   InboxDollars  - Get paid to take surveys online, read emails, play games, and go shopping. New users receive $5 dollars just for joining.  Click here to join InboxDollars   (USA residents) 
   MyPoints  - Get PayPal cash for taking polls, answering surveys and much more. You get a $10 welcome bonus!  Click here to join MyPoints   (USA & Canada residents) 
 
 Related: 
 
 How To Make Money Doing Surveys (Over $500/Mo) 
 10 Best Paid Survey Sites For USA Residents 
 9 Best Paid Surveys UK: Top Online Surveys For UK Residents 
 10 Best Paid Surveys In Canada That Actually Pay 
 
 7. Become a virtual assistant 
 As a virtual assistant, you will be performing administrative tasks for your clients. In simpler terms, you will work as a personal assistant, but remotely. 
 Some of the duties of a virtual assistant include managing and scheduling appointments, making reservations and bookings, sending and replying to emails, and answering calls. 
 Virtual assistance is one of the best paying online jobs for housewives. If you have excellent organizational skills, go for it. You can make $19-$100 per hour working as a virtual assistant. 
 You can source for virtual assistant jobs from freelancers’ market places such as Upwork and Fiverr. Check out these  17 Best Virtual Assistant Jobs From Home. 
 How can you get started?  Gina Horkey, a Six-figure Virtual Assistant, created an awesome training course where she’ll teach you everything you need to know about becoming a virtual assistant that can earn over $100 per hour.  Click here to check out Gina Horkey’s virtual assistant training course. 
 Also check out  this interview  I had with Gina. 
 8. Online tutoring 
 There is that subject you are good at. Why not use your knowledge to help struggling students and earn some money while at it? You can offer online lessons in subjects such as English, Chemistry, Mathematics, Biology, foreign languages and Physics. 
 There are online platforms that connect students to tutors, such as VipKid. You can start tutoring on such platforms, or you can use video supporting software such as Zoom to organize your classes. 
 As an online tutor, you should expect to earn at least $18-$26 per hour. You also get to set your work schedule and work for a few hours per day. 
 I recently wrote about the  10 best online tutoring jobs to teach from home . Check out that article for some awesome companies that hire online tutors. 
 9. Work as a translator 
 If you're bilingual or multilingual, you can earn some good money working as a translator. A lot of organizations and businesses are looking to reach a wider audience, and this is why translators are in high demand. 
 The languages in most demand are English, Chinese Mandarin, Japanese, Korean, French, Portuguese, Spanish, and German. If you can speak two or more of these languages fluently, don’t sit on that gold mine. 
 You can start your translation career from sites such as Translate.Com, Unbabel, OneHourTranslation, Speakt, Gengo and Translator’s Café. 
 10. Become an affiliate marketer 
 Affiliate marketing entails marketing other people's products and services and earning a commission whenever a purchase is generated through your efforts. 
 Notice how easy this can be? The difficult part is left to the merchant of the product or service. 
 Affiliate marketing is one of the most popular ways bloggers use to earn. If you are a blogger already or you're planning to start a blog, be sure to incorporate affiliate marketing. 
 How can you get started?   If you’re wondering how to get started with affiliate marketing, I highly recommend you check out the  Savage Affiliates course by Franklin Hatchett , a top affiliate marketer who consistently earns over 7-figures in affiliate revenue. 
 
 11. Data Entry 
 If you are good with software such as Microsoft Excel, you will surely love data entry jobs. Data entry jobs require little to no training. If you can manipulate and use Microsoft Excel, you can easily succeed here. 
 As a beginner, you can source for data entry jobs from companies such as Working Solutions, The Smart Crowd, and Dion Data. You can also find gigs from freelance marketplaces such as Fiverr, Freelancer and Upwork. 
 12. Website Testing 
 Website testing involves reviewing different websites and giving opinions on how they can be improved. 
 Your opinion will help improve the usability of websites. You will help improve the navigability, ease-of-use, relevancy, and content of websites. 
 Testing a single website can take you about 15-20 minutes. Most website testing jobs pay between $8 and $20. 
 You can find website testing jobs from sites such as UserTesting, WhatUsersdo, UserTest, Enroll, UTest, UserFeel, Start-Up Lift, Analysia, Amazon Mechanical Turk and Userlytics. 
 13. Become a Youtuber 
 Starting a Youtube channel is a great way to earn passively. The videos you create today can make you money for many years to come. 
 What I love most about YouTubing is that you get to produce content on subjects you like. You will never have a dull day at work. You can vlog about anything you like. 
 Besides, you get to select your work schedule. You can record your videos once per week. You will, however, need to set aside some time to edit your videos. 
 You will also love that you can start with whatever resources you have before growing your channel. You can take videos using your smartphone before you upgrade yourself. 
 Starting may be difficult, but once you've grown your channel and have acquired a considerable following and audience, things will be smooth for you. 
 14. Remote customer service 
 If you are good with people, consider getting a remote customer service job. Your job as a customer service rep will vary depending on your employer. You should, however, expect to interact with customers via phone calls or social media platforms. 
 Some customers can be challenging to interact with. You need patience and excellent interpersonal skills to excel in customer service. 
 You also need to have a workspace or a home office with no interruptions to work as a remote customer service. 
 15. Captioning 
 To increase the viewership of movies and programs, subtitles are usually added at the bottom of the screen. As a captioner, you'll be generating these subtitles for movies and films. 
 You will need a good set of headphones, a serene environment and attentiveness to succeed in captioning. You have to type out what the characters are saying accurately. 
 You can source for captioning jobs from companies such as Caption Max, Crowdsurf, ASC Services, and Caption Media Group. 
 What I love most about captioning is that it requires minimal initial investment. You can make around $20-$50 for captioning an hour-long video. 
 Ready to ace these online jobs for housewives from home? 
 Staying at home and spending time with your family is fantastic. Having financial stability and independence is everybody’s goals. But nothing beats having quality family time with financial security on top of it. 
 If you would love to have as much quality time with your family, and still be productive while at it, I highly recommend these easy jobs for housewives. From the list above, I am sure there is one or several tasks that can earn you money from the comfort of your house. 
 You will also love that all these  online jobs for homemakers  will let you set your work schedule, and work as much or as little as you wish. Go ahead and select your best choices, do your due diligence, and get started. 
 So, which of these online jobs for housewives from home will you get started with? Do you have any other easy jobs for housewives to add? Share with us your thoughts in the comment section below. 
 3.9Kshares 
 
   
   
   
 
 
   
 Tags: housewives ,  online jobs 
 Related Posts 
   
 [Interview] Caitlin Pyle On How To Become A Successful Proofreader 
 Are you good at spotting grammatical errors and … 
   
 What is Proofreading, And How Do I Become a Successful Proofreader? 
 Wondering, "what is proofreading?" If you've just come … 
   
 25 Legit Online Jobs That Pay Weekly in 2020 
 Looking for legit online jobs that pay weekly? … 
   
 20 Website Testing Jobs - Get Paid To Test Websites 
 Looking for the best website testing jobs? Want … 
   
 17 Easy Online Jobs for Teenagers (No Prior Experience) 
 Looking for the best online jobs for teenagers? … 
   
 17 Best Online Translation Jobs From Home 
 Looking for the best online translation jobs from … 
 2 Comments 
 
 Jill 
 
 Hi Norbert! I just wanted to share a suggestion regarding your word choice in this article. I don’t believe your intention is to be insulting. However, when you repeatedly refer to the intended audience as “housewives sitting at home” you are insinuating that that is the primary function of a housewife! I’m sure you are not meaning to reduce the myriad of responsibilities that a housewife upholds to simply sitting at home, but by phrasing it in the way you have, each time you say housewife, it appears you believe this to be true. By simply removing “sitting at home,” your article will sound much more informed. Hope this helps! 🙂 
 Reply 
 * [Norbert Juma](https://workathomesmart.com)
 
 Just updated it. No ill intent. Wanted to mean the jobs can be done from home. 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel Reply 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 
 __ 
   
 POPULAR POSTS 
 
   
 
 Get Paid To Read Emails: 12 Sites & Apps That Pay 
 
   
 
 200+ Best Work From Home Jobs: Top Companies With Remote Jobs 
 
   
 
 25 Real Ways to Make Money From Home & Create A Life You Love 
 
   
 
 15 Online Jobs for Housewives (Work From Home) 
 
   
 
 30 Best Online Transcription Jobs From Home 
 __ __ __ __ 
 Hi and welcome to WorkAtHomeSmart.com! I'm Norbert Juma, passionate about the web & financial freedom. I started this site to be a resource for people looking to work from home and make money online. 
 RECENT POSTS 
 
 
 17 Easy Online Jobs for Teenagers (No Prior Experience) 
 
 
 20 Website Testing Jobs - Get Paid To Test Websites 
 
 
 15 Part-Time Weekend Jobs Online To Earn Extra Cash 
 
 
 How to Become a Proofreader: Ultimate Guide For Beginners 
 
 
 15 Work From Home Captioning Jobs For Beginners 
 
 
 AFFILIATE DISCLOSURE 
 Some of the links on our site are affiliate links, meaning that if you click on one of the links and purchase an item, we may receive a commission. All opinions, however, are our own and we do not accept payments for positive reviews. 
 VISIT US ON SOCIAL MEDIA 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
 Earnings Disclosure 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 WorkAtHomeSmart.com  Copyright (C) 2020. 
 Built with  Magnus 
