Thursday, January 21 2021 
 Breaking News 
 
 
 Kyle from Nomad Insurance Group describes health insurance options in Episode 104 
 
 
 Park Ranger Emily Kohl describes a Napa Valley opportunity at the USACE project at Lake Sonoma in Episode 103 
 
 
 Episode 102 describes opportunities at The Golf Club at Devils Tower and Geode Yoga Fitness 
 
 
 Mike and Donna Bender describe how they make money fixing and inspecting RVs on Episode 101 
 
 
 Episode 100 provides recap of Workamper News' 33-year history with Jody and Luke Duquette 
 
 
 Jason Weiner describes juggling jobs and life on the road in Episode 099 
 
 
 In Episode 098, Andy Hoffman describes Workamping opportunities at New Hampshire's Saco River Camping Area 
 
 
 Kimberly Leal and Phil Grunder share their Workamping experiences on Episode 097 
 
 
 Kary McElroy describes her first Workamping experience on Episode 096 
 
 
 Don and Pat Hawes describe their RV-based business, Camping Keepers, in Episode 095 
 
 
 Sidebar 
 
 
  Random Article  
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
 Menu 
 
 
   
   
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Episodes 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 
 Search for 
 
 
 RSS 
 
 
 Google Play 
 
 
 Apple 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
  Home   / Podcast Episodes   /  Jason Weiner describes juggling jobs and life on the road in Episode 099 
 Podcast Episodes 
 Jason Weiner describes juggling jobs and life on the road in Episode 099 
   Greg Gerber December 15, 2020 
 0 90  3 minutes read 
 Image from Adobe Stock 
 Podcast:  Play in new window  |  Download 
 Subscribe:  Apple Podcasts  |  Google Podcasts  |  Spotify  |  Stitcher  |  TuneIn  |  RSS 
 Today we are going to talk to a Workamper who was facing an empty nest when he and his wife decided to live out their travel dreams to become full-time RVers. 
 Jason Weiner and his wife, Amanda, were at a crossroads after their daughter grew up and ventured out on her own. They were just going through the motions of going to work and coming back to a quiet house day after day. That time period also coincided with a realization that Jason had hit a career wall in the tech industry and he either needed to find something else to do or start over. 
 They had been thinking about the RV lifestyle for a while, and had even attended the Workamper Rendezvous. They bought a 42-foot fifth wheel in March 2019 and started their adventure. 
 Amanda still works at a job, but remotely, as a sales administrator for a global software company. Jason, on the other hand, has enjoyed several short-term Workamping jobs. 
 Jason explains why the couple settled on a 42-foot RV, and the primary benefit was the ability to have separate living zones so they wouldn’t interfere with each other, especially when Amanda was working. 
 He primarily works campground jobs and has developed a lot of experience doing landscaping and general maintenance. Jason also completed classes at the National RV Training Academy so that he can keep his own RV in working order and help others if they have problems, too. 
 Jason explains what he has done in the past and what he will be doing on his new assignment in Arizona. 
 One of the couple’s favorite perks is a VIP card, which they have received at several Workamping jobs. It gives them free admission or discounts to a variety of attractions, restaurants and shows. 
 Jason noted he liked the short-term aspect of working different jobs, but also mentioned it’s a bittersweet experience. Just as he gets to know a company and the people he works for, it seems the job ends. Still, he likes the ability to travel, visit new places and enjoy a variety of RVing and working experiences. 
 He also described some challenges he faced on the road, including a surprise hailstorm and the issues related to downsizing from a sticks-and-bricks home to even a large fifth wheel. But, after experiencing the lifestyle for a while, the couple is looking at downsizing again to a smaller RV. 
 That’s what happens for most Workampers. They are always learning and tweaking things as they travel and talk to other RVers. 
 Jason thinks attending the RV Fundamentals course at the National RV Training Academy gave him the skills to fix just about any problem he has encountered with his RV. The class saved them some money and it puts Jason in a good position to feel he can communicate effectively with technicians and know what they are talking about. 
 When Jason’s job in Arizona ends in a few months, they are looking forward to moving to a northern climate to escape the heat. I appreciated his advice for how they investigate potential locations and jobs. Finding a job can pose challenges because although they are traveling as a couple, only one person is available to work a short-term assignment. 
 But, through the jobs he finds at Workamper.com, Jason is able to find something that works out for everyone. 
 Workamper.com is the ideal place to start learning about the RV and Workamping lifestyle. There are a number of videos and well-researched articles that you can peruse to guide you through planning your experience. 
 You can also take advantage of a number of tools to help you find a great job, prepare a resume and prepare for your life on the road. 
 There are some free aspects to the Workamper.com website, but upgrading your membership options gives you even more valuable tools and more access to some premium information. For more details, visit www.workamper.com. 
 This episode is sponsored by the National RV Training Academy in Athens, Texas. The academy’s one-week live training or home study course will teach you everything you need to know to fix about 80 percent of the problems people experience with their RVs. 
 You can also sign up for additional training to become an RV inspector, campground technician or to provide mobile RV service. For more information, visit www.nrvta.com. 
   Greg Gerber December 15, 2020 
 0 90  3 minutes read 
  Facebook     Twitter     LinkedIn     Tumblr     Pinterest     Reddit     Share via Email   Print 
   
 Greg Gerber 
 Greg Gerber is a former journalist who covered the recreation vehicle industry since 2009. He started podcasting in 2014 and enjoys interviewing people about ways to live, work and play in their RVs. 
 
  Website  
 
 Related Articles 
 
 Don and Pat Hawes describe their Workamping and RVing experiences on Podcast 077 
 July 7, 2020 
 
 Park Ranger Emily Kohl describes a Napa Valley opportunity at the USACE project at Lake Sonoma in Episode 103 
 1 week ago 
 
 In Episode 087, Dan Marlow describes tax preparation opportunities with his company and Jackson Hewitt 
 September 22, 2020 
 
 Episode 061 features a Workamping opportunity at Camp Riverview in Texas 
 April 28, 2020 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Comment 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 
 Check Also 
 Close 
 
 Podcast Episodes 
 
 Episode 023 features opportunities at Silver Dollar City and with Guest Services 
 December 17, 2019 
 Inspiring Your RV Lifestyle! 
 The Workamper Show podcast strives to build your dream of living the RV lifestyle through inspiration, motivation, and education. Presented by Workamper News, which has been helping RVers find great jobs in great places since 1987, and produced and hosted by Greg Gerber, this show will entertain and educate you with the personal stories of people that have followed their dream to travel in their RV. Join us as we Inspire our RV Dreams together! 
   
 Presented by: 
 Workamper News, Inc. 
 www.workamper.com 
110 Tulaka Blvd, Ste. C 
Heber Springs, Arkansas 72543 
 Get In Touch: 
 Contact Us Page 
 (800) 446-5627 
 podcast@workamper.com 
 
 (C) Copyright 2021, All Rights Reserved  |   Workamper News, Inc. 
 
 Facebook 
 Apple 
 Google Play 
 RSS 
 
  Facebook     Twitter     WhatsApp     Telegram  
 Back to top button 
 Close 
 
 Facebook 
 Apple 
 Google Play 
 RSS 
 
 Search for: 
 Presented by 
 Workamper News, Inc. 
 www.workamper.com 
 
 Close 
 Log In 
 Forget? 
 Remember me  Log In 
