Menu 
 
 Home 
 PROPERTIES 
 
 BEIT SHEMESH 
 
 Givat Sharett Home 
 Givat Sharett Villa For Sale 
 Scheinfeld townhome for sale 
 Givat Savion Homes For Sale 
 
 
 JERUSALEM 
 
 Jerusalem home for sale 
 
 
 
 
 HOUSING MARKET UPDATES 
 MORTGAGE INFORMATION 
 RENTAL TIPS 
 
 
 Tivuch Ida 
 Professional agency with a personal touch 
 Tag Archives: jobs 
 February 16, 2016 
by  Ida Real Estate 
 Leumi hi tech loans 
 Own a small business or want to open a small business? The European Investment Fund and Bank Leumi signed an agreement allowing higher lending to innovative small and medium size businesses .Bank Leumi could provide finance of $100 million to technology companies in Israel . If hi -tech is no longer a leader in the Israeli economic growth maybe this could give it a boost. 
 Continue reading -> 
 Categories:  Economic Information  | Tags:  bank leumi ,  economy ,  european investment fund ,  hi tech ,  Israel ,  jobs  |  Permalink . 
 August 6, 2015 
by  Ida Real Estate   Leave a comment 
 Public transportation fares to Tel Aviv to be cut 
 By Hedy Cohen 
 GLOBES 
 Public transportation fares will be slashed as part of an effort by Transportation Minister Yisrael Katz and Finance Minister Moshe Kahlon to contend with the work on the light rail in Tel Aviv and to encourage drivers to leave their cars at home. The projected costs of the plan stand at NIS 120 million. 
 The planned reform of the system would institute unified pricing for each of the major metropolitan areas: Tel Aviv , Jerusalem, Haifa, and Beersheba. It would radically decrease costs by allowing passengers 90 minutes to transfer between different modes of transportation - bus, train,light rail, and MetroFi rapid bus transit systems without paying an additional charge, as long as they remain within the designated area. 
 The plan also calls for significantly reducing the prices of monthly hybrid passes that allow unlimited rides on both trains and buses throughout the metropolitan area. 
 For example, under the new regulations, a monthly pass for rail and bus use between Tel Aviv and Rishon Lezion would cost NIS 252 instead of NIS 400, a decrease of 37 percent. Between Tel Aviv and Rehovot, the cost of the pass would fall to NIS 286 from NIS 491, down 42%, while commuters making the journey between Tel Aviv an Netanya would save 30%. 
 31.747041 34.988099 
 Categories:  Family Living Related Articles ,  Whats New in Beit Shemesh  | Tags:  Apartment ,  jobs ,  purchase ,  Real Estate Agents  |  Permalink . 
 April 21, 2015 
by  Ida Real Estate   Leave a comment 
 Amdocs Israel seeks new local headquarters By Shomit Tsur 
 Globes 
 Technology company Amdocs Ltd., which occupies a giant 75,000- square-meter complex at the Ra'anana Junction, on Sunday notified its employees that it is looking for a new location in the central region. The company's lease with REIT 1 Ltd., the owner of the company's current site, expires at the end of 2019. 
 In its announcement to the employees, company management explained the planned move by saying that it wished to improve their working environment. Among the alternatives under consideration by the company are the purchase of a new office building to be constructed for it, renting a new office building or renovation and adaptation of the existing complex to the company's needs.For this purpose, Amdocs has established a task force, which has already begun looking for locations. 
 "The search will be in the central and Sharon regions," Amdocs management wrote in its letter to the employees."The main guiding criteria are a better experience for the employees, including better transportation, suitable facilities in the area, business, cost and other operation considerations." 
 Assuming that Amdocs does move its offices from the current location in Ra'anana, REIT1 will have to find a new large tenant. This large size of the areas to be vacated will make this a difficult task. Amdocs Israel has been in the hi-tech park at the Ra'anana Junction since 1996 and currently occupies 75,000 sq.m., not including parking, out of 82,000 sq.m. in the entire complex. 
 One of the other tenants in the office complex is Microsoft. According to REIT1's reports, Amdocs paid NIS 38.2 million in 2014 for its facilities in the Ra'anana site. REIT1 owns 60 percent of the compound, with the rest owned by S.A.N. Centers, Ganai Shefa Building & Investment and Sunflower Sustainable Investments Ltd. 
 Amdocs Israel is a subsidiary of the global Amdocs company and has 4,500 employees, mostly in the Ra'anana center, with the rest in other development centers in Haifa, Sderot and Nazareth. 
 "The search will be in the central and Sharon regions," 
 31.747041 34.988099 
 Categories:  Economic Information  | Tags:  advertising ,  Apartment ,  bank of israel ,  Beit Shemesh ,  employment ,  hi tech ,  jobs  |  Permalink . 
 Post navigation 
 Archives 
 
 August 2016 
 May 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 
 Categories 
 
 About Me 
 Economic Information 
 Family Living Related Articles 
 Housing Market Updates 
 [Mortgage Information](https://idabenari.wordpress.com/category/mortgage-information/ "Mortgage brokers are educated in the field and are regulated by licenses. Brokers offer the borrowers different plans from various lenders. They can be employed by a firm or can work privately. People looking for a mortgage loan hire these professionals to help them find what they are looking for. They understand the market, their client's needs and find loans accordingly. Mortgage brokers are usually in constant contact with different lenders so that they have a range to choose from.
First of all, there are numerous types of mortgages available, and each of these have several different parameters and technicalities that can be quite confusing for a layman. A good mortgage broker will help sort out all this information and also explain the different types of deals available in the market. Once all this information is sorted out, the broker can help you narrow down the information to finally choose which mortgage is best for you. It is hard to learn all the legalities related to mortgages, this is where the broken steps in to help you deal with the legal aspects of the mortgage.
Article Source: http://EzineArticles.com/6853774 
 
 Article Source: http://EzineArticles.com/6853774
") 
 
 Whats New in Beit Shemesh 
 
 Search for: 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Top 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
