Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Research Asst/Tech 1 
 UBC Sauder 
 __Vancouver, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Job Posting 
 Job ID: 
35890 
 Location: 
Vancouver - Point Grey Campus 
 Employment Group: 
Technicians & Research Assists 
 Job Category: 
Non Union Research/Technical 
 Classification Title: 
Research Asst/Tech 1 
 Business Title: 
Research Asst/Tech 1 
 VP/Faculty: 
Faculty of Medicine 
 Department: 
Psychiatry 
 Salary Range: 
$20.76 (minimum) - $21.77 (midpoint) - $22.79 (maximum) 
 Full/Part Time: 
Part-Time 
 Desired Start Date: 
2020/01/01 
 Job End Date: 
 Possibility of Extension: 
Yes 
 2020/04/30 
 Funding Type: 
Budget Funded 
 Closing Date: 
2019/11/22 
 Available Openings: 
1 
 Guiding principle:  "Midpoint" of the hiring salary range means the individual possesses full job knowledge, qualifications and experience. 
 This position is expected to be filled by promotion/reassignment and is included here to inform you of its vacancy at the University. 
 Job Summary 
 To assist with daily research activities in Dr. Jeremy Seamans' lab. 
 Organizational Status 
 The Lab Assistant reports to the Principal Investigator (Dr Jeremy Seamans). The Lab Assistant will be supervised by Dr. Natalia Gorelova. The Lab Assistant interacts with other members of laboratory as necessary. 
 Work Performed 
 
 Performs data entry in excel (ie tracking the animals' water and food intake) 
 Performs animals (rats) handling and training, such as moving animals between different environments (ie from cage to enclosed course and vice versa) 
 Performs other related duties as required 
 
 Supervision Received 
 Supervised by Dr. Seamans and Dr. Natalia Gorelova. Weekly meetings are held to cover significant issues, and daily supervision/guidance is provided as needed. 
 Supervision Given 
 None. 
 Consequence of Error/Judgement 
 The incumbent needs to be motivated and reliable. Any errors in data recording and entry or mishandling animals will compromise success of research projects. 
 Qualifications 
 High School graduation. Minimum of 1 year of related experience or the equivalent combination of education and experience. One year of experience performing related duties is preferred. - Ability to handle animals (rats); 
 
 Demonstrated experience with computers and computer software including MS Word for Windows, MS Access, MS Excel, Power Point and SPSS; 
 Effective oral and written communication, interpersonal, multi-tasking and organizational skills 
 Ability to maintain accuracy; 
 Ability to work independently and within a team environment. 
 
 
 Equity and diversity are essential to academic excellence. An open and diverse community fosters the inclusion of voices that have been underrepresented or discouraged. We encourage applications from members of groups that have been marginalized on any grounds enumerated under the B.C. Human Rights Code, including sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, racialization, disability, political belief, religion, marital or family status, age, and/or status as a First Nation, Metis, Inuit, or Indigenous person. 
 
 All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
