Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Distance Continuing Education Teachers 
 Trillium Lakelands District School Board 
 __Lindsay, ON 
 Apply Now 
 POSTING:  SCE-20-11-30-047 
 SCHOOL:  School of Alternate Education – Virtual Learning Centre 
 POSITION:  Distance Continuing Education Teachers 
 Trillium Lakelands District School Board offers several distance education credit courses that are delivered via the Virtual Learning Centre. 
 Applications are now being accepted from teachers to teach online courses in semester 2 of the 2020-2021 school year through the VLC. Openings and course offerings are based on sufficient enrolment. Courses will start February 2, 2021. 
 1 section of ASM3O, 2 sections of BTT2O, 2 Sections of BAF3M and 1 section of MDM4U. 
 Interested applicants must be certified teachers, registered with the Ontario College of Teachers and possess technical skills/experience with e-mail/attachments, online discussion groups, online course delivery (preferred). Experience teaching in an online/distance model, as well as a demonstrated ability to motivate and engage students is an asset. 
 REMUNERATION:  $43.54/hr. (full credit courses are paid for 90 hours of instruction plus 5 hours of paid in-service; half credit courses are paid for 45 hours of instruction plus 2.5 hours of paid in-service) 
 Applications, including resume and related subjects taught, should be submitted by e-mail only and no later than: Friday, December 4, 2020, to: 
 Jeremy Cadeau-Mark 
Principal, Virtual Learning Centre 
 email:  Jeremy.CadeauMark@tldsb.on.ca 
Please indicate Posting # in subject line of email 
 All applicants must submit a cover letter (quoting the posting number), a resume and a current copy of their OCT Qualifications Certificate. Your application package must be submitted in either .pdf or .docx format. We would like to thank all respondents, however only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Trillium Lakelands District School Board complies with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA). If you require accommodation for a disability during any stage of the recruitment process, please contact the Principal/Supervisor to whom you are submitting your application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
