
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Senior IOS Developer - Dunedin 
 Verizon 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Senior IOS Developer - Dunedin 
 __ Verizon 
 [](mailto:?subject=Senior%20IOS%20Developer%20%2D%20Dunedin&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/14204762/senior-ios-developer-dunedin/ "Email")  
 Application 
   
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 December 12, 2020 
 Location: 
 Salary: 
 Open 
 ** 
 
 What you’ll be doing... 
 ** 
 At BlueJeans, we’re transforming the way people meet by creating a human connection in every experience. Together, we’re bringing immersive meeting experiences to everyone, regardless of location or device, including mobile, desktop, or room systems. We work with thousands of companies worldwide to upgrade everyday meetings, large-scale events, and social network broadcasts by replacing traditional web conferencing with face-to-face video communication. All our customers have one trait in common: they understand the benefits to bringing their employees, leaders, and partners closer together. 
 Our Engineering team focuses on achieving an ideal balance between customer delight, innovation and developer experience. We have a great mix of backgrounds and expertise across a deep stack of technologies and a culture of collaborative problem solving. We’re at a great size for smart, motivated individuals to come in and challenge themselves to grow to the next phase of their careers. 
 Role Description: 
 We are looking for a skilled iOS developer to be part of a lean agile team developing an API platform that will change how the world meets and works together. Along with the rest of your team, you will be responsible for enabling great experiences across our iOS platforms in verticals such as healthcare, gaming, entertainment and enterprise communication. 
 If you are somebody who is passionate about the Apple ecosystem, loves pushing the boundaries of both software and the development environment... then we want to talk to you! 
 The ideal Software Engineer candidate would… 
 
 Collaborate with your peers to produce quality, scalable code primarily in Swift, with some Objective-C. 
 Lead team in adopting development best practices through documentation, code reviews, and general thought leadership. 
 Be an expert in iOS technologies that help the BlueJeans vision. 
 Work with other teams like Product Management and Design to clarify and refine requirements. 
 Have fun and contribute both technologically and culturally to a great work environment. 
 
 Some of the things you’re expected to do... 
 
 Understand requirements, estimate, plan and develop new features. 
 Debug and fix bugs found, including communication with customer support and related teams. 
 Participate in sprint planning, daily stand up, retrospectives and code reviews. 
 Mentor juniors on good coding practice, development processes and collaboration. 
 
 ** 
 
 What we’re looking for... 
 ** 
 What you'll need to have... 
 
 A degree or four or more yeas related working experience 
 5+ years of software engineering experience within the Apple ecosystem 3+ years of experience in Swift and/or Objective-C. 
 You demonstrate an excellent understanding of API design and instinct for balancing current function with future flexibility 
 You have a track record of notable upstream contribution to open source projects, ideally in Swift or JavaScript 
 You have a good understanding of AppKit and/or UIKit 
 You are familiar with some of Apple’s most commonly used Core frameworks: CoreAnimation, CoreAudio, CoreData, CoreLocation for example 
 You care about your craft and are an opinionated software engineer ex. Storyboards vs layout in code, XCode’s pros and cons as an IDE. You are not just a copy and paste jockey for OS X/iOS code. 
 You write tests to prove that your code is correct, modular, well written, and to prevent regressions. 
 You enjoy discussing programming patterns and libraries with your peers 
 You have a good sense of UI design and a keen focus on user experience 
 You have a good understanding of the AppStore submission process 
 You have at least one app that you built or significantly contributed to in the App Store. 
 You can demonstrably document/explain complex APIs in layman’s terms. 
 You have excellent written and verbal communication skills 
 
 Even better if you have... 
 
 Prior experience with video/audio technologies and codecs like WebRTC, H323, H264, SIP, OpenCV 
 Having written a test suite for a Mac or iOS app using some combination of XCTest framework, Kif, Appium, Xamarin Test Cloud, AWS Device Farm 
 Familiarity with calendaring systems such as Exchange Web Services and Google Calendar APIs 
 Familiarity with hardware endpoint APIs - Polycom, Lifesize, Cisco etc. 
 Track record of Open Source contributions to significant projects 
 Deep understanding of performance measurement and optimization 
 
 Verizon recently acquired BlueJeans and plans to integrate BlueJeans employees into Verizon, including its compensation and benefits programs, in due course. This position will be part of that planned integration. 
 ** 
 
 When you join Verizon 
 ** 
 You’ll have the power to go beyond – doing the work that’s transforming how people, businesses and things connect with each other. Not only do we provide the fastest and most reliable network for our customers, but we were first to 5G - a quantum leap in connectivity. Our connected solutions are making communities stronger and enabling energy efficiency. Here, you’ll have the ability to make an impact and create positive change. Whether you think in code, words, pictures or numbers, join our team of the best and brightest. We offer great pay, amazing benefits and opportunity to learn and grow in every role. Together we’ll go far. 
 Diversity and Inclusion at Verizon 
 At Verizon, we know that diversity makes us stronger. We are committed to a collaborative, inclusive environment that encourages authenticity and fosters a sense of belonging. We strive for everyone to feel valued, connected, and empowered to reach their potential and contribute their best. Check out our  diversity and inclusion  page to learn more. 
 
 
 
 Internal Number: 550946-1A 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 Connections working at  Verizon 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
