
 Home 
 About 
 Contact 
 Languishing Projects 
 Beyond Science 
 Other Blogging 
 Queer in STEM 
 
 The Lab and Field 
 ~ Science, people, adventure 
 Search: 
   
 How to apply for a field job 
 [ 
 05   Sunday  Jul 2015 
 ](https://labandfield.wordpress.com/2015/07/05/how-to-apply-for-a-field-job/) 
 Posted  by  Alex Bond  in  how to 
 ≈  8 Comments 
 Tags 
 field work ,  job applications ,  jobs 
 I've hired well over a dozen field technicians in the last 10 years, and have just wrapped up this year's recruitment. Below are some thoughts on what you can do to increase the likelihood of success in a job competition, and also some advice on whether to apply in the first place. You should also read  this advice from Auriel Fournier , which hits many of the same points. Like Auriel's post, these are things I look for when  I 'm  hiring; other places likely differ. 
 Don 't be generic 
 I receive a fair number of what I call "Dear Sir/Madam" applications. These tend to go along the lines of "Dear Sir/Madam, I am interested in applying for the advertised position in your organization". It's rather obvious that little thought has likely gone into the application, as it doesn't mention the job, organization, or other details specifically. This "fire broadly and see what sticks" approach is a waste of time. It's not that difficult to personalize job applications, even within a generic framework, and "Dear Sir/Madam" applications go to the bottom of the pile. 
 The skills 
 Most job postings are looking for people with a given skill set, whether it be bird banding/ringing, data management, blood sampling, or operating specific equipment. It's important in your cover letter to go through  each  of these and demonstrate how you fit the criteria. The first thing I do when advertising a job is make a spreadsheet with all the different skills I'm looking for. When I start looking through applications, I check off which of the requirements each applicant has. Your chances of getting an interview and being successful are very small if you have the necessary skills or experience the job is looking for (or you don't clearly demonstrate these in your cover letter). 
 Use the same wording as the job advert. If the job requires someone with bird banding experience, a paragraph/sentence about how long you've been banding, which species/species groups, and roughly how many individuals would be a useful thing to include. 
 Location & wage 
 The assumption is that, if you're applying for a job, you would accept the position if it were offered. I was advised in grad school to "apply for everything", which is not a strategy I recommend. As a postdoc, I had no intention of working in the US, so I didn't apply for any jobs in the US. Doing so was a waste of my (and the hiring committee's) time. Likewise, if you have no intention of accepting the position at the wage advertised, then don't apply. This is usually determined by an internal salary scale or the size of the grant. 
 Follow instructions 
 In my most recent job competition, I asked for a cover letter, CV, and 3 references (with phone numbers) as a single PDF, yet about 15% of applicants didn't follow this requirement. Multiple files, different formats, only 2 references, no phone numbers, … you name it. Not only is there likely a good reason for these sorts of requirements, but it can also act as a screening mechanism, much like  Van Halen's "No Brown M&M's" clause  - if you didn't follow these instructions, it doesn't bode well for the rest. 
 Check with your referees 
 I don't like wasting referees' time, so it's unlikely that I'd contact them if you weren't being interviewed (which generally means you have a good shot at the position). So make sure your referees are current, and can speak to your strengths for the job required. This might mean (gasp, shock, horror) that your referees differ depending on the job. While I appreciate that your 3rd-year invertebrate anatomy prof can speak quite highly of your academic abilities, are they the most suitable person when applying for a field job? 
 Make sure your referees also know you're applying, either for a particular post, or just generally on the job market, so that they're aware they may be contacted by potential employers. 
 I don't simply ask referees "So, how was X at doing job Y for you?" I'm interested in their take on your strengths and weaknesses, whether they'd hire you again, and how you stack up against others that held that sort of post before, for example. 
 The interview 
 If you're being interviewed, it generally means you have the technical skills to complete the job to the required standard, and the decision is down to other factors, such as personality, how well you're likely to get on with other team members, or how you'd react in various situations. 
 Before the interview, think about what questions are likely to come up. I'm less likely to ask you about your technical skills (I can generally assess those from the application package). I generally propose a few scenarios, followed by asking "What would you do?" There's no wrong answer, and some of the questions may not seem relevant to the job at hand, but they will tell me something of the person that a CV and cover letter can't convey. 
 I'm also very likely to ask what you think your greatest weakness is. This isn't an attempt to weasel out your flaws, but to get your perspective on your own professional development. 
 During the interview, take notes of what was asked, and your general answers. This will help you prepare for other interviews in the future, and the task of writing the questions down can help solidify your answers. You should also be prepared to ask some questions of the interviewer about the post, or the process. This shows a certain level of engagement with the application, and that you've given it thought between the application and interview. 
 If the interview is by phone or Skype, pick a quiet room where you're unlikely to be interrupted by pets, family, traffic, or other disturbances, and do your best to minimize any technical glitches. If in person or video conference, dress professionally. 
 There are many other posts about job interview tips and tricks, and these are just a few that I've had come through my mind in this latest round of recruitment that might not be covered as extensively elsewhere. I think it can be summarized by these three points: 
 
 Demonstrate explicitly in your application how you satisfy the criteria 
 Provide referees who can speak to the pertinent aspects of your career for the position 
 Be calm, professional, and engaged with the interview process 
 
 It's as easy* as that! 
 Footnote - "fit" 
 My biggest frustration on the job market was being technically qualified, and being interviewed (or at least long-listed), but in the end unsuccessful because of "fit". This can be used for any variety of reasons, some more unsavoury than others (like the exclusion of women or people of colour), but for many field jobs, it's an important aspect as living/working conditions are likely to be very close/demanding, or for a long period of time in isolation. Having a team get on well with each other is very important. "Fit" should only be considered once the technical skills have been assessed. 
 Footnote the second - online presence 
 Chances are, I'll Google long-listed applicants in a professional capacity (are you on Twitter, or  Google Scholar ? Do you have a website?). I won't stalk you on Facebook (though other employers may).  Be aware of what you put online . 
 
 *a bit tongue in cheek. For each job, there are far more qualified applicants than there are positions, so try not to despair if you're not successful. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous post   Next post -> 
 8 thoughts on "How to apply for a field job" 
 
 Mike  said: 
 
 July 5, 2015 at 5:10 pm 
 3 references is a North American thing. 2 is the UK norm. Do you genuinely think that asking for 3 adds anything? 
 Reply 
 * [Alex Bond](http://thelabandfield.wordpress.com) _said:_
 
 July 5, 2015 at 5:12 pm 
 Yes - because sometimes one of the references isn't available. This acts as a back-up so that employers can speak with at least two. 
 Reply 
 
 Mike  said: 
 
 July 5, 2015 at 5:52 pm 
 Fair enough, but I have been excluded from consideration for a job in North America on the basis that one of my three wasn't available. Now I generally don't bother to apply for jobs asking for three references. 
 Reply 
 
 Danielle  said: 
 
 June 8, 2016 at 12:04 am 
 It might be worth considering that not everyone has access to Adobe Acrobat (or other paid subscriptions) that enable users to meld multiple PDFs into one document and people can be skeptical of using online downloads just to do this one thing. 
Otherwise, great advice! 
 Reply 
 * [Alex Bond](http://thelabandfield.wordpress.com) _said:_
 
 June 8, 2016 at 6:42 am 
 Absolutely, and an email to that effect is all it takes. Combining the documents in your word processor of choice also works well, and as a last resort, printing the documents and scanning them often works, too. 
 Reply 
 
 
 Pingback:  Teatime tips on how to get a postdoc - Chrissie Painting 
 
 
 Pingback:  Example interview questions in conservation | The Lab and Field 
 
 
 Pingback:  2017 by the numbers | The Lab and Field 
 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Science Borealis 
 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Archives 
 Archives Select Month December 2020  July 2020  June 2020  May 2020  April 2020  March 2020  February 2020  January 2020  December 2019  November 2019  October 2019  September 2019  August 2019  July 2019  June 2019  May 2019  April 2019  February 2019  January 2019  December 2018  November 2018  October 2018  September 2018  August 2018  July 2018  June 2018  May 2018  March 2018  February 2018  December 2017  November 2017  August 2017  July 2017  June 2017  March 2017  February 2017  January 2017  December 2016  October 2016  August 2016  July 2016  May 2016  March 2016  February 2016  January 2016  December 2015  August 2015  July 2015  June 2015  May 2015  April 2015  March 2015  February 2015  January 2015  December 2014  November 2014  October 2014  September 2014  August 2014  July 2014  June 2014  May 2014  April 2014  March 2014  February 2014  January 2014  December 2013  November 2013  October 2013  September 2013  August 2013  July 2013  June 2013  May 2013  April 2013  March 2013  February 2013  January 2013 
 Search: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 2020 by the numbers 
 Science, people, and surviving in the time of a global pandemic 
 Queer in STEM ask me anything - another LGBTQ&A 
 Overseas field courses and equity, diversity & inclusion. 
 What a long year the last month has been 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
