Skip to content 
   
  Facebook __ 
  Pinterest __ 
  Envelope __ 
 
 Work at Home Jobs 
 Make Extra Money 
 Work From Home Tips 
 Start Here 
 Blog 
 About Me 
 
 __ Menu 
 
 Work at Home Jobs 
 Make Extra Money 
 Work From Home Tips 
 Start Here 
 Blog 
 About Me 
 
 Top 10 Freelancing Jobs for Moms 
 
 Bridget 
  __ March 6, 2019   
 
 138shares 
 
  Share  
  Tweet  
 Pin 
 
 Working from home is no longer the unattainable dream that it once was for many people. With so many freelancing jobs for moms available, the problem now is choosing the best one for you. 
 If you’re looking to make some money from home, starting a freelance business is one of the best ways to do it. 
 There are many advantages to working from home, especially if you’re a mom – you get to make your own hours, you can work as much or as little as you’d like to, and you don’t have to deal with office politics or annoying coworkers. When you freelance, you are in control of your own business. 
 So what kind of freelance work can you do? 
 Whether you already have some professional experience under your belt or are a complete newbie to the world of working for yourself, there is a work at home job for you. 
 Here are a few freelancing ideas to get you started: 
 1. Freelance Writer 
 This is the easiest thing for me to write about because it’s what I do! I’ve been freelance writing for 8 years and in that time I've written everything from blog posts for private blogs to newsletters for businesses to articles for mainstream publications. 
 In general, I focus my services on ghostwriting. Ghostwriting means you'll write whatever the client asks for, but your name won't be attached to the project. Most of my ghostwriting work is web content for businesses that need words for their websites but might not have the time or manpower to do it themselves. 
 Web content is far from the only type of freelance writing you can choose to do. Here are some other popular options; 
 
 
 Resume writing  – A good resume is more valuable than gold. Help job seekers stand out from the pack with resume and cover letter writing services. 
 
 
 Copywriting  – Do you have a flair for words? Is selling your strong suit? Put your skills to good use writing marketing company for businesses. 
 
 
 eBook writing  – Many marketers and online businesses rely on eBooks to attract customers. These are typically much bigger than traditional articles and require a lot of in-depth research, but you can usually command a high price for offering this service. 
 
 
 Blogging  – There are many successful bloggers out there who need engaging, quality content for their websites. Many are willing to hire writers who can produce relevant content. 
 
 
 Read More: How to Get Started as a Freelance Writer: The Ultimate Guide 
 2. Virtual Assistant 
 If you're a highly organized person and you have any kind of administrative, business, or technical background, you can become a freelance virtual assistant. As a virtual assistant (VA), you'll be responsible for many of the same tasks that a secretary or administrative assistant does, only you get to choose your clients and you'll never have to set foot in an office. 
 Here are some tasks you can expect to do: 
 
 Make phone calls 
 Schedule appointments 
 Send emails 
 Manage client correspondence 
 Make travel arrangements 
 Conduct research 
 Create presentations 
 
 Depending on the level of work you’re asked to do and the available time you have on your hands, it is very possible to VA for several clients at once. If you do this job though, it’s imperative that you are highly organized and don’t mind regularly meeting deadlines. If these things are no problem for you, then a VA job is one of the best freelancing gigs available. 
 Read More:   How to Become a Virtual Assistant 
 3. Consultant 
 Freelance consulting is an excellent option if you’ve been in the working world for a while and are looking for a way to transition home. Do you have some professional experience or skill set that could help others? 
 Consulting can take on many forms, from a simple one-on-one web interview to a series of weekly meetups and more extensive guidance. With a polished website and a rock-solid knowledge in your field, you could make money letting others benefit from your wisdom and expertise. 
 4. Photographer 
 If you have a knack for taking excellent pictures, why not get paid doing what you love? You don’t even need professional training to be a successful freelance photographer – many self-taught moms are successful with this venture. 
 When it comes to freelance photography, the possibilities are endless. If you don’t mind working with people, you might be able to sell your services shooting local families or weddings. This can get tricky if you have young kids though, so if you'd prefer to work exclusively from home, there's work to be had online, too. Sell your images online or market them to bloggers who might benefit from beautiful stock photos. 
 5. Social Media Manager 
 If you have a blog or a business, your social media game needs to be on point. The only problem is, having an active and engaging social media presence requires a huge amount of time and energy. Enter the role of social media manager. 
 If you’re a stay at home mom and you’re already spending time on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter, why not get paid for your efforts? As a freelance social media manager, you'll be responsible for scheduling and monitoring posts, and moderating and responding to comments and messages. The job isn't difficult, but it is very much needed. 
 6. Editor 
 Are you one of those people who starts to involuntarily twitch every time you see a typo in a conspicuous spot? Starting shop as a freelance editor might be just the job you for you. 
 For every writer, there needs to be a good editor. If the nuances of the English language are your thing, you could be making bank as an editor or proofreader. This is an excellent position because you don’t need to have any special skills or training, just a good grasp on English grammar and the ability to spot any mistakes or errors in writing. 
 Read More: Editing and Proofreading Jobs from Home - The Ultimate Guide 
 7. Blog Manager 
 Running a blog means creating and managing content, editing, formatting, and scheduling posts, creating or sourcing images, or monitoring comments. Since many successful bloggers run more than one blog, this can be a lot of work. As a freelance blog manager, you can offer to take over some of these tasks for those bloggers who are too busy to do it all on their own. 
 If you’re looking to boost your rates as a blog manager, consider including content production in your services. This way you can write content for the site while you effectively run the blog. 
 8. Bookkeeper 
 If you’re organized and good with numbers, why not be a freelance bookkeeper? This is a service you could offer both online customers and local brick and mortar businesses. 
 As a bookkeeper, your typical duties might include payroll, billing, tracking income and expenses, and reports. This is usually a career path you’d pursue if you already had some training or experience in the field. 
 9. Graphic Designer 
 Many online businesses are in need of good graphics like Pinterest images, website logos, social media banners, and more. If you’ve got a knack for working with Photoshop or Canva and you can create visually stunning images, use your talents to make money. This is another skill that you can market to both online bloggers and brick-and-mortar businesses. 
 Read More: How to Become a Freelance Graphic Designer 
 10. Tutor 
 If you have an education background or enjoy working with others, you might consider starting a freelance tutor business. It's very easy to work this job around your schedule, and you generally can do it from your own home. 
 Not so interested in students coming to your home? Not to worry! As a freelance tutor, you don't need to work in-person with pupils at all! As a virtual tutor, you could do everything online over video conferencing or webchat. If you have the credentials, set up shop on your own or look to work as an independent contractor with an established company like  Golden Voice English  or  VIPKID. 
 Read More: The Ulitmate Guide to Teaching English From Home 
 So there you have it! These 10 ideas are just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to possible freelancing jobs for moms. As long as you have a home computer, you can leverage your skills and start making money doing what you love from home. 
 138shares 
 
  Share  
  Tweet  
 Pin 
 
 Learn 100 Ways You Can Make Money From Home - FREE 
 Sign up here to receive my weekly newsletter, where I regularly share helpful work-from-home tips and advice. 
 You'll also get my  FREE  eBook,  100 Ways to Make Money From Home . 
 Yes, Send Me My eBook! 
 Thank you! 
 You have successfully joined our subscriber list. 
 Leave a Comment  Cancel Reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Type here.. 
 Name* 
 Email* 
 Website 
 __ Search 
 Hi, I'm Bridget Sielicki. 
 I'm a freelance writer and a mom of four. For the past 10 years, I've been working from home as a freelance writer, creating content for major brands like Hertz Car Rental, Bankrate.com, and Credit Sesame. 
 Working from home has been a dream come true for me. Now I want to share my expertise with you, so you can make money while you're home with your own kids.  Learn more here. 
 Copyright 2021 | Work at Home Savvy | All Rights Reserved 
 Terms of Use  |  Privacy Policy  |  Disclaimer 
 Affiliate disclosure: As an Amazon Associate, we may earn commissions from qualifying purchases from Amazon.com 
 138shares 
 
   
   
 
 
 We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website. By hitting Accept, you're agreeing to the use of these cookies. 
 Accept Reject 
 Close GDPR Cookie Settings 
 
 Privacy Overview 
 Strictly Necessary Cookies 
 
 Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance 
 Privacy Overview 
 This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. 
 Strictly Necessary Cookies 
 Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. 
 Enable or Disable Cookies 
 If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. 
 Enable All Save Settings 
