Skip to content 
 One College - One Major - Four Years 
 Search 
 
 Lighthouse College Planning 
 Tag: Career Planning 
 Career Planning is Key to Success 
 Career Planning is Key to Success 
 Career planning is step one before choosing a school. When students are clear on their career choice, then the next step is to select a college with the right major for that career. This eliminates the need to transfer schools later. 
 Career planning is often overlooked during the college planning process because stu­dents and parents have prioritized other criteria for college selection such as prestige, sports, image, influence of peers, teachers, Alma Ma­ter etc. Most families do not start the college planning process until the senior of high school. 
 Starting career planning earlier in high school allows the students to select high school classes in their interest area often leading to savings on college courses. Research by the US Department of Education and American College Testing show. Each year 51% of col­lege freshman drop out or transfer out of the college in which they first enrolled. Transferring to another college can also lead to more expense for the family. 
 The Department of Education also tells us that it takes 5.2 years to complete a four year education. After a family's home, a college education for their children is the largest expense. Take the time to explore the options. Getting help is the best way to avoid the pitfalls of the process to ensure your child is making the right choice for the right reasons. 
 Go to Lighthousecollegeplanning.com for more information. 
 
 
 Lighthouse College Planning 
 
 
 April 7, 2010 
 
 
 Career Planning 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Healthy Snack Recipes For Students On The Go  January 20, 2021 
 Why students should get involved in college…  September 25, 2020 
 All about the Greek life  August 31, 2020 
 
 Follow us on Facebook! 
 
 Follow us on Facebook! 
 
 Twitter  
 
 Healthy Snack Recipes For Students On The Go   lighthousecollege.wordpress.com/2021/01/20/hea…   2 days ago 
 
 Follow @lighthousecoll 
 Tags 
 account balances   admissions   Career Planning   Class of 2013   college admissions officers   college planning   college prep   college preparation   college visits   college websites   discretionary spending   effective study habits   FAFSA   financial aid   high school seniors   high school students   language requirements   lighthouse college planning   lighthouse financial group   money management skills   Resume   social media presence   study routine   time management tips   vacation 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
