Skip to content 
  Working, living & Travelling in Ireland  
 Main Menu 
 
 Working in Ireland Menu Toggle
 
 Foreign Language jobs in Ireland 
 Jobs/ job announcements in Ireland 
 Recruitment Agencies Ireland 
 
 
 Living in Ireland Menu Toggle
 
 Accommodation in Ireland 
 Help with feeling down ? 
 
 
 Travel Menu Toggle
 
 Gort Cycle Trails in the Burren Lowlands Menu Toggle
 
 Ardrahan Drumharsna Castle and Old Irish Milestones Looped Cycle Trail 
 Labane to Bingham Mausoleum in Adrahan looped cycle 
 
 
 
 
 About me! 
 Work With Me! Menu Toggle
 
 Small business interviews West of Ireland 
 
 
 Have a question? Contact me ! 
 
 Jobs, jobs, lot's of jobs up for grabs in Ireland! 
 Leave a Comment  /  Co. Dublin ,  Co. Galway ,  Cork ,  Galway ,  Galway City ,  Indeed ,  INOU ,  Job News ,  Jobs in Ireland ,  Jobs in the West of Ireland ,  Microsoft ,  Nginx ,  Orreco ,  Slack  / By    Katleen  
 Hi all, 
 This week has been an eventful week on the job front, with a truck load of job announcements. Before I go into the announcements, let me tell you how I find out about them, it might help you in your own job search! 
 The bulk of large scale job announcements are coming from FDI , Foreign Direct Investment. This is managed via the IDA, some history  here . Check out the  newsroom  or subscribe to their  monthly Ezine  .  The best place  I found to get an overview of all job announcements in Ireland is on  the Irish National Organisations of the unemployed , the INOU, on their  jobswatch  page. Also check out the  client jobs  on the  Enterprise Ireland  website. 
 Some companies will recruit directly, others will use recruitment agencies, or job search engines, but it all starts where the jobs are created, and the closer you can get to the source, the better 😎 . 
 To not hold you any longer in suspense.. drum roll…. here they come ! 
 Microsoft- Dublin  announced that it is to hire  600 people  , significantly increasing its commitment to Ireland. Following the selection of Dublin as the location for one of four global Inside Sales Centres,  500 new roles  have been created with immediate effect. The Company also announced that it is recruiting a further  100 people  across its existing operations with opportunities in a broad range of roles with opportunities available in Operations, Engineering, Data Centre Management, Technical Solutions, Search Account Management and traditional customer sales. These new recruits will join the 1,200 people already working with Microsoft in the Dublin based EMEA Operations Centre, the European Development Centre, the Irish Sales and Marketing Subsidiary and at the Europe, Middle East & Africa (EMEA) Data Centre. Check out the vacancies  here . 
 Slack  Dublin: According to founder and chief executive, the company expects to triple staff at the new HQ to 180 by the end of 2017. 
 Check out their vacancies  here . 
 Recruitment website firm  Indeed  creating 500 jobs in Dublin! 
 Vacancies for Indeed  here . 
 NGINX  Cork :Establishment of new headquarters in Ireland will add jobs to the region and accelerate NGINX’s growth across EMEA . The company plans to create over 100 jobs in its Cork office over the next three years in specialties including sales, marketing, finance, business development, software architecture, engineering, and research and development. The EMEA headquarters will serve to better support existing customers in the region, and will provide a base to reach new customers in high growth areas, including the UK, Germany, France, the Netherlands, and across the Nordics. Vacancies  here . 
 BrowserStack  - Dublin Browserstack expands its Real Device Cloud with new Mobile Data Center in Dublin.The industry-leading mobile and web testing platform, has operationalized its state-of-the-art real device Mobile Data Center in Dublin. The Minister also announced that BrowserStack will expand its Dublin operations and employ world class talent to lead the development of the next generation of mobile and web testing solutions. This expansion will create more than 40 roles within the next 24-36 months and recruitment is already underway. Jobs  here . 
 Galway  : City firm Orreco is to boost its operations in Galway and the United States. 
The sports and data science company is expanding following a $2 million investment from Silicon Valley based venture firm True Ventures.The company which was founded in 2010 is currently based at the Insight Centre in NUIG where it hopes to employ 15 new staff following the investment. It will also open an office in LA where 15 staff will be hired. 
Orreco uses machine intelligence to find hidden signals in data including GPS and performance statistics to help improve athletic performance and reduce the incidence of illness and injury. Check out their job opportunities  here. 
 Lot's of opportunities in Galway , check out my  previous post  from last week. 
 If you are thinking of moving to Ireland, and would like to skip the job research, let me do it for you. Drop me an email    katleen@workinglivingtravellinginireland.com , connect with me on  Linked ,  Twitter  or my  Facebookpage 
 If you have found this useful, why not share this post:) 
 Happy job-hunting, 
 Katleen 
 Share this: 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 Pocket 
 
 
 More 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share this 
 
 
 
 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous Post 
 Next Post -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Workinglivingtravellinginireland 
 
 Workinglivingtravellinginireland 
 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Pages 
 
 About me! 
 Accommodation in Ireland 
 Foreign Language jobs in Ireland 
 Google Local Guide 
 Gort Cycle Trails in the Burren Lowlands 
 Have a question? Contact me ! 
 Help with feeling down ? 
 Jobs/ job announcements in Ireland 
 Living in Ireland 
 Recruitment Agencies Ireland 
 Small business interviews West of Ireland 
 Travel 
 Work With Me! 
 Working in Ireland 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 51,433 hits 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 Working, living & Travelling in Ireland | Powered by  Astra WordPress Theme 
 With Google+ plugin by Geoff Janes and Thorsten Hake 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
