Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Warehouse Picker/Packer 
 Complete Shipping Solutions 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Complete Shipping Solutions is a growing 3rd Party Logistics and Warehousing company looking to hire multiple people for the holiday season to pick, pack, and ship small parcel orders. 
 Shift hours can vary. 7 days a week. 
 This job posting is for seasonal positions, but high performance individuals will be considered for long term roles. 
 Our company prides itself on a customer service first attitude. We do everything possible to ensure the customer is happy and that our key performance indicators are as high as possible. 
 Individuals interested in this job will be in a high volume role picking and packing hundreds of orders per day. 
 The job entails the following: 
 Receiving product as it is sent to us by our customers. Counting all part numbers and quantities 100% accurately. 
 Putting away product and organizing the shelving as required to allow for maximum order picking efficiencies. 
 The ability to use handheld warehouse scanners and pick/pack orders in the warehouse management system. 
 Standing and Manual labor will be consistent during the work shift. 
 This is a entry level position with the opportunity to grow with our expanding company as new roles become available. 
 Part-time hours: 30-44 per week 
 Expected start date: 2020-11-09 
 Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Temporary, Permanent 
 Salary: From $16.00 per hour 
 Benefits: 
 
 Company events 
 Dental care 
 Disability insurance 
 Extended health care 
 Life insurance 
 On-site parking 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 Day shift 
 Monday to Friday 
 Night shift 
 Weekends 
 
 COVID-19 considerations: 
Masks are mandatory in the workplace to keep fellow employees safe. 
Shared areas are cleaned regularly. 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
