
 Skip to primary navigation 
 Skip to content 
 Skip to primary sidebar 
 
 Workplace Legal 
 HR & Employment Law Firm 
 HR & Employment Law Counseling and Litigation (415) 851-8900 
 
 Why Workplace LegalSM? 
 Practice Areas 
 
 Advice and Counseling 
 Employment Litigation 
 Wage and Hour 
 HR Strategy and Infrastructure 
 Private Attorneys’ General Act (PAGA) 
 Discrimination, Harassment & Retaliation 
 Trade Secrets and Unfair Competition 
 Executive Severance Negotiation 
 Workplace Investigations 
 Alternate Dispute Resolution (ADR) 
 Executive and Professional Recruiting 
 
 
 Team 
 
 Attorneys 
 
 Jeffrey S. Sloan 
 Megan M. Lewis 
 Jamie D. Mayorga 
 Kathleen M. Pratt 
 
 
 Paralegals 
 
 Michaela Hug-Nelsen 
 Samantha L. May 
 
 
 
 
 HR & Employment Law Blog 
 Offices 
 
 San Francisco 
 Oakland/East Bay 
 Orange County 
 
 
 Client Portal 
 
 Posts Tagged With: job posting 
 Job Available -- Family Law Associate Attorney 
 September 13, 2016 by  Jeffrey S. Sloan 
 I have been exclusively retained by the Silicon Valley family law firm Hanson Crawford Crum Family Law Group to recruit a new associate for their growing family law practice. This is a fantastic opportunity to work with one of the largest and most prestigious family law firms in Northern California. Hanson Crawford Crum handles complex…  Read More 
 Categories:  Executive Recruiting  Tags:  family law ,  job posting 
 New Family Law Associate Position in Oakland 
 January 29, 2016 by  Jeffrey S. Sloan 
 I have been exclusively retained by the Law Offices of Hannah E. Sims to recruit a new associate for their growing family law practice. This is a fantastic opportunity to work with really nice people and do interesting, sophisticated legal work with one of the most well-respected family lawyers in the Bay Area. If you…  Read More 
 Categories:  Executive Recruiting  Tags:  family law ,  job posting 
 Primary Sidebar 
 Practice Areas 
 
 Advice and Counseling 
 Employment Litigation 
 Alternate Dispute Resolution (ADR) 
 HR Strategy and Infrastructure 
 Executive Severance Negotiation 
 Discrimination, Harassment & Retaliation 
 Wage and Hour 
 Trade Secrets and Unfair Competition 
 Workplace Investigations 
 Executive and Professional Recruiting 
 Private Attorneys' General Act (PAGA) 
 
 Recent Blog Posts 
 
 Better Together: Mentor Matchups as a Buffer for Employee Retention 
 How COVID-19 is Shaping the U.S. Workforce 
 New Year, New Laws: Coming Soon to a Workplace Near You 
 Silent but Deadly? AB 1947 Packs a Punch for Retaliation Claims 
 Can employers mandate the vaccine? Yes. Should they? That is a different question. 
 
 
 
 __ __ 
 Copyright (C) 2021 | Workplace Legal, A Professional Law Corporation |  SITEMAP  |   TERMS OF USE  
 COVID-19 Update:  Workplace Legal is fully operating during the COVID-19 crisis, and we are here to help our current clients and new clients during this time. For the safety of our employees, we are all working remotely from home and using Zoom, Teams, and other technologies to conduct telephone and video meetings and conferences. We are also proceeding with depositions and mediations using these technologies, where possible.  Please do not send us any mail via USPS or overnight delivery until further notice . Please email or call us instead. Thank you. 
 Got it! 
 X 
