Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Allard Research Chair in Oncology 
 University of Alberta 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry - Department of Oncology 
Competition No. - A105343127 
Closing Date - Jan 15, 2021 
 The Department of Oncology in the Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry at the University of Alberta in conjunction with the Cancer Research Institute of Northern Alberta (CRINA) invites applications for a tenure-track appointment for an academic scientist/clinician-scientist at the Associate Professor or Professor level to direct a program in oncology, with a focus on developing cancer therapies, interventions and treatments of international renown. The selected candidate will hold the Allard Research Chair in Oncology funded by the Alberta Cancer Foundation and its donors, the Allard Foundation, and will be supported by a substantial establishment grant to build a world-leading team in this research area. 
 The successful candidate will have the following qualifications: 
 An MD, PhD or MD/PhD is required 
Possess a strong reputation and proven leadership in translational cancer research. 
Expertise and accomplishments directly related to the development of novel cancer therapies, interventions and treatment regimes 
Success in applying for grant funding to further enhance the research and education program 
Proven success in attracting and mentoring graduate students and post-doctoral fellows 
Visionary leadership with excellent interpersonal skills and ability to build relationships that bring a variety of stakeholders and multi-disciplined researchers together 
Ability to create significant connections with community groups interested in cancer research to work collaboratively and actively link cancer research with clinical practice 
Capacity to connect and translate novel cancer therapeutics and/or intervention research to current and future pre-clinical and clinical cancer research programs at the University of Alberta and the Cross Cancer Institute 
 The selected candidate shall provide visionary leadership in basic and clinical science, focusing on developing novel cancer therapies, interventions and treatments for clinical translation to impact patient care by the end of the second five-year term. The Research Chair in Oncology represents a critical institutional strategic direction to improve current cancer therapies and significantly enhance patient care. 
 The chair holder’s area of expertise and chosen research area of focus could include the development and testing of novel anticancer drugs; identification, targeting and validation of novel cancer biomarkers and signalling pathways; expanding existing therapies so that they are more effective; and creating crucial educational and/or knowledge transfer programs. Accordingly, academic affiliations include clinical disciplines such as Oncology, Pathology and Surgery and biomedical sciences, including Experimental Oncology, Medical Genetics, Biochemistry, Cell Biology, Physiology and Pharmacology. 
 The cancer therapeutics research program will be a flagship program at CRINA. CRINA brings expert teams of cancer scientists and clinicians together in one of Canada’s largest comprehensive cancer research institutes. Those associated with this multidisciplinary institute investigate cancer biology, novel therapies and biomarkers, prevention, lifestyle and survivorship after a cancer diagnosis. 
 Team members work together on solutions to patient needs and translate research discoveries into treatments more rapidly and comprehensively than independently. Through CRINA, the Allard Research Chair in Oncology will translate significant cancer research breakthroughs and discoveries into clinical trials, building the body of knowledge that researchers will use to find novel solutions to enhance patient outcomes. Also, the Allard Research Chair in Oncology will benefit from the participation of the Clinical Trial Unit at the Cross Cancer Institute and the Northern Alberta Clinical Trials + Research Centre (NACTRAC) at the University of Alberta. 
 The Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry has been internationally recognized among the world’s top medical schools and has a vibrant, world-class community of health researchers. The University of Alberta is one of Canada’s top teaching and research universities, with an international reputation for excellence across the humanities, sciences, creative arts, business, engineering, and health sciences. Home to 39,000 students and 15,000 faculty and staff, the university has an annual budget of $1.8 billion and attracts more than $480 million in sponsored research revenue. It offers close to 400 rigorous undergraduate, graduate, and professional programs in 18 faculties on five campuses—including one rural and one francophone campus. The university has more than 260,000 alumni worldwide. The university and its people remain dedicated to the promise made in 1908 by founding president Henry Marshall Tory that knowledge shall be used for “uplifting the whole people.” 
 Interested individuals should submit:  a cover letter and curriculum vitae, including the names and contact information of three referees, a statement of their research interests and a description of a proposed 5-year research plan for the Chair. 
 To assist the University in complying with mandatory reporting requirements of the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act (R203(3) (e)), please include the first digit of your Canadian Social Insurance Number in your application. If you do not have a Canadian Social Insurance Number, please indicate this in your application. 
 Please direct all inquiries to: 
Dr. Frank Wuest 
 Professor and Interim Chair, Department of Oncology 
 Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry 
 University of Alberta 
 wuest@ualberta.ca 
 How to Apply 
 Note:  Online applications are accepted until midnight Mountain Standard Time of the closing date. 
 All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. If suitable Canadian citizens or permanent residents cannot be found, other individuals will be considered. The University of Alberta is committed to an equitable, diverse, and inclusive workforce. We welcome applications from all qualified persons. We encourage women; First Nations, Métis and Inuit persons; members of visible minority groups; persons with disabilities; persons of any sexual orientation or gender identity and expression; and all those who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas and the University to apply. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
