Skip to content 
  Work At Home Power  
 Make Life A Little Less Stressful & Save The Commute! 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Remote Jobs 
 Mystery Shopping 
 Side Hustles 
 Start A Blog 
 Contact 
 About 
 Newest Job Leads 
 
 Daily Job Leads 1/09/2021 
 January 9, 2021January 8, 2021 by  workathomepower 
 LeapPoint:  Customer Service Representative $15-$20 
 Responsibilities 
 
 Answering incoming or making outbound customer calls 
 Documenting the resolution of calls in the prescribed customer relationship management system 
 Reviewing customer accounts and conveying status updates to callers 
 Confirming the identity of all customers and resolving the inquiry as appropriate per standard operating procedures 
 Escalating issues according to standard operation procedures 
 Communicating verbally or in writing in a clear and professional manner 
 Applying judgement to escalate issues based on prescribed procedures 
 Participating in ad hoc activities such as system testing or business process improvement meetings 
 
 Required Experience & Education: 
 
 Knowledge, skills, and ability to work in a call center environment and handle a high volume of customer inquiries on a daily basis with commitment to customer satisfaction. 
 Excellent verbal and written communication and customer service skills 
 Demonstrated ability to perform basic research in response to customer inquiries by asking probing questions and retrieving information from any applicable systems. 
 Experience with Microsoft Office products is desired but not required. 
 High school diploma or equivalent 
 Bachelor's degree is desirable but not required 
 
 Other Requirements & Information: 
 
 This is an hourly, 1099 contractor position. Pay rate starts at $15/hr. 
 Must be available for full-time work beginning at 8am EST Monday through Friday 
 The Small Business Association is based in Washington, DC; however, this hired individual may be based anywhere in the US as long as the east coast work schedule can be maintained 
 Must be a US citizen and able to pass a standard background check 
 
 Temcomb:  Remote Customer Service Agent: $12 an hour 
 Experience Requirements: 
 Must have and/or be willing to put together a home office setting in your home (or an area where you can turn into home office with a computer/laptop, internet connection to the wall/router, and headset hook ups). 
High level of professionalism and phone demeanor, adequate for business purposes. 
Excellent typing, communication and computer skills. 
Must be available to work overtime and/or weekends if necessary. 
Must be willing to submit to a standard background check, drug test, technology check and voice assessments. 
Must be US resident 
Technical Requirements: 
 CPU i5 (or equivalent), i7 recommended, No Atom, Celeron, Pentium, Opteron processors. 
Internet Download Speed 10Mbs down speed minimum. 
Internet Upload Speed 10Mbs up speed minimum. 
Network Latency Max 250 MS latency max. 
OS Win 8.1 (64bit), Win 10 (64bit). 
RAM 4GB minimum, 8GB recommended. 
Must have a home office set up and ethernet cord you can connect to your computer. 
 Chromebooks, ipads or similar devices are not acceptable.  Must be a desktop or laptop connected to a nearby router or wall for firewall/security purpose 
 Happily:  Customer Service Representative 
 Responsibilities 
 
 Manage large amounts of incoming customer requests 
 Identify and assess customers’ needs to achieve satisfaction 
 Build sustainable relationships and trust with customer accounts through open and interactive communication 
 Provide accurate, valid and complete information by using the right methods/tools 
 Meet personal/customer service team sales targets and call handling quotas 
 Handle customer complaints, provide appropriate solutions and alternatives within the time limits; follow up to ensure resolution 
 Keep records of customer interactions, process customer accounts and file documents 
 Follow communication procedures, guidelines and policies 
 Take the extra mile to engage customers 
 
 Skills 
 
 Proven customer support experience or experience as a client service representative 
 Track record of over-achieving quota 
 Strong phone contact handling skills and active listening 
 Familiarity with CRM systems and practices 
 Customer orientation and ability to adapt/respond to different types of characters 
 Excellent communication and presentation skills 
 Ability to multi-task, prioritize, and manage time effectively 
 High school degree 
 
 
 Activus Connect:  Customer Service Representative 
 California Resident Only 
 Here is what an Ambassadors day looks like… 
 
 You will be in your home office for the entirety of your shift - comfortable in your quiet work environment. The ability to focus on your work is paramount, so taking care of family or friends while working is not going to be possible. 
 Use your reliable headset and computer/laptop to answer customers' questions. (We will verify computer/laptop compatibility to ensure your success, along with your Internet connection.) 
 You will have fun! We love to laugh and as a team, we support each other in day to day operations. 
 Calls will be busy, but that is not a problem for you, Ambassador! You are a master call taker, resolving issues with ease and style. 
 You will walk that proverbial extra mile for the customer and provide accurate resolution to their inquiries. With confidence and open, interactive trust, you will communicate the solution clearly. 
 
 To qualify… 
 
 You reside in the great state of California! 
 You will have a high school diploma or equivalent. 
 At least 1 year of call center experience OR 2 years of customer service experience 
 Be willing to work under an immediate supervisor. Accept and learn from feedback – we are all in this together and growth is guaranteed! 
 We will pay you to complete online training, but you must commit to attending – 100%, no missed time 
 Be able to complete and pass a background check 
 
 TECHNICAL REQUIREMENTS 
 
 
 Desktop or laptop (Tablets, Winbooks, Smart devices, Windows Mini PCs, Chromebook and Android systems are NOT compatible) 
 
 
 Operation system: Windows 10 or Mac OS Mojave or Newer 
 
 
 Processor speed: Dual Core 2 GHz or better 
 
 
 RAM: 4GB or better 
 
 
 Hard Drive: 20GB or better 
 
 
 All peripherals must be wired (wireless keyboard, wireless mouse, or wireless headset are NOT allowed) 
 
 
 Must have reliable high-speed internet 
 
 
 20MB download 
 
 
 5MB upload 
 
 
 DSL, Cable, Fiber ONLY - (no Wi-Fi or satellite-based service) 
 
 
 You MUST be hard-wired during your shift 
 
 
 For this project, a wired audio and noise-canceling microphone device is required. 
 
 
 We do require that you have an active, functioning webcam for the purposes of compliance, quality assurance, and coaching or support sessions. 
 
 
 A second monitor/screen is highly recommended 
 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Customer Service: 3 years (Preferred) 
 
 Support Services Group : Customer Service Representative $10-13 hourly 
 Hewitt Texas: Temporarily Remote 
 Minimum Skills Requirements: 
 
 Experience using Windows Operating Systems, Microsoft Excel, Word and Google Docs 
 Strong written and verbal communication skills 
 Excellent typing, phone, and computer navigation skills 
 The ability to use proper punctuation, grammar, and spelling in all written communications 
 Good comprehension and documentation skills 
 Ability to navigate the Internet, email, and Instant Messenger 
 Familiarity with digital streaming services and devices 
 Have a positive, can-do attitude. 
 Be flexible and have no problem quickly switching gears to better accommodate the needs of our viewers or our team 
 Communicate effectively and professionally with others, from viewers to fellow advocates 
 Strong time management skills to ensure productivity in alignment with department standards 
 Value accountability across the board and take ownership of issues from start to finish 
 Flexible schedule (40 hours per week) with availability to work overtime when needed 
 Must have access to dependable transportation 
 High school diploma, plus one or more years of experience in customer service 
 Minimum six months previous experience in a customer service or technical support role in a call center 
 Typing 30-40WPM and advanced computer knowledge with the ability to quickly learn new software 
 
 Customer Care Senior Specialist:  FNBO - First National Bank of Omaha $11.88-16.00 
 Customer Service: 1 year (Preferred) 
Non-Exempt/Hourly 
Work at Home - Nebraska 
Work at Home – Colorado 
Work at Home - South Dakota 
Yankton, SD - Contact Center 
Omaha - FN Tower 
Greeley, CO - Cottonwood Branch 
Kearney, NE - Main Branch 
Bloomfield, NE - Contact Center 
 A reliable internet connection and your own, self-provided equipment is needed for working remotely. Incumbents in this role must reside within a 60-mile radius of an FNBO Customer Care location. 
 Role Summary: 
 Want to be the voice of FNBO? A position on our Customer Care team gives you the opportunity to be the first point-of-contact with our valued customers! 
 At FNBO, our customers deserve a superior customer experience and our Customer Care Senior Specialists are vital in making that possible! This role is for you if you’re great at talking with people, know how to identify and define customers’ needs, and enjoy working independently. 
 Key Accountabilities - What You Will Do: 
 Work independently with customers over the phone to answer questions regarding their financial accounts. Questions might include billing, payments, account maintenance, online banking assistance, and listening to customers’ concerns. 
Identify customer’s need and move them towards the appropriate action using your knowledge and experience. 
Monitor reactions and check for understanding when working with customers and co-workers. 
Make decisions quickly by using all available resources, seeking input, and considering short and long term implications. 
Qualifications - Who You Are: 
 You continue to work effectively, maintaining focus and may be even more productive in stressful or unexpected situations. 
You are not afraid to make decisions and willingly provide input. 
You have the ability to recognize different people’s styles and adjust your communication accordingly. 
You can make decisions quickly by using available resources, seeking input, and considering short and long term implications. 
Have obtained a high school diploma or GED as required. 
Have a minimum of six (6) months of customer service experience or sales experience as required. 
Have a positive attitude and professional demeanor. 
Strong computer skills including the ability to navigate the internet and utilize multiple computer systems. 
Demonstrated dependability/reliability. 
 Job Duties: 
 Answer incoming customer inquiries 
Collaborate with management teams to stay updated on new products, services, and policies 
Record customer information within our customer service database 
Engage with clients in a friendly and professional manner while actively listening to their concerns 
Offer support and solutions to customers in accordance with the company's customer service policies 
Other duties as requested 
This Company Describes Its Culture as: 
 Detail-oriented -- quality and precision-focused 
Outcome-oriented -- results-focused with strong performance culture 
Stable -- traditional, stable, strong processes 
 Company's website: 
 https://www.fnbo.com/ 
Work Remotely: 
 Allegis:  Transcriptionist 
 Allegis transcriptionists work remotely as independent contractors providing high-quality legal and insurance transcription. 
Contract work is available for a wide range of experience types including options to begin transcription work for the first time. 
 Working with Allegis 
 Allegis offers fair market per-page pay rates as well as access to an abundance of work with the expectation of significant growth for the foreseeable future. We also offer: 
 A quality development program to introduce standards and processes 
A transcription community network with discussion forum and resource library 
A transparent QA feedback program 
An accessible support team 
Skill Requirements 
 Allegis requires the ability to consistently and independently transcribe multi-speaker audio recordings completely, accurately, 
and in adherence to formatting standards and quality requirements. This also includes: 
 Fast and accurate typing and word processing 
Excellent spelling, grammar and punctuation skills 
Aptitude for discerning challenging audio and accented speech 
Processing and responding well to quality feedback 
Reliably meeting established deadlines 
Contract Requirements 
 Available and willing to commit time to an initial quality development program 
Availability to meet per-week production minimums 
Up-to-date PC with Microsoft operating system (8+), anti-virus protection, and Word (2013+) 
High-speed internet connection 
Foot pedal and headset (and audio player for legal work) 
Proficient, self-sufficient hardware and software use and maintenance 
 Resident : Customer Success Advocate 
 REMOTE /CUSTOMER SUCCESS & SALES – CUSTOMER SUCCESS /FULL-TIME 
 This is a Remote, Work from Home Call Center environment opportunity in the United States. 
Must be available to work any FT scheduled shift given between the hours: 6:00a-9:30p PST/ 9:00a-12:30a EST SUN-SAT. We are open 365 days a year. Must be willing to work weekends & key holidays. Additionally, you must have a dedicated quiet work space to be considered for this role. 
 Responsibilities 
Help solve escalated issues through phone & email (dual channel; inbound/outbound) 
Troubleshoot, investigate, and create detailed notes in our admin system 
Provide follow up calls to customers to troubleshoot issues as necessary 
Actively collect insights from customers and focus on closing the communication loop by providing product feedback 
Provide timely updates regarding new trends in support issues 
Develop and document best practices to enhance troubleshooting processes 
Drive business growth and revenue by assisting with any sales inquiries or opportunities to cross sell/upsell 
Have a strong focus on retention by creating opportunities and options for customers interested in cancelling/returning orders 
Be a Subject Matter Expert/Brand Ambassador for all our products 
Continue to build on an already strong CS team culture 
Requirements 
A minimum of 2+ years of customer support, sales, de-escalation and retention experience 
The ability to troubleshoot and problem solve on your own 
Have experience handling a high volume of tickets 
High School Diploma or equivalent 
Excellent written and spoken English 
Strong written communication skills that give you the ability to explain sometimes-complex instructions coherently 
Ability to bring an upbeat, professional and respectful approach to work each day 
Experience/proficiency in programs such as Kustomer, Chat Tools, Zendesk, Google Suite, Slack 
Comfortability and familiarity with working from home and being a self-starter 
Strong conflict resolution, sales, and de-escalation skills 
Strong computer skills with the ability to type at approximately 50+ WPM (ideally) 
Developed skills and refined strategies to turn requests for cancellations and returns into saves and sales opportunities to increase revenue 
Innately sales driven while keeping in mind the true value of the customer experience 
 PeopleKeep:  Customer Support Specialist 
 During the week, you’ll work with our customers primarily via email and chat with some outbound calls sprinkled in. You’ll also review user-submitted expenses for eligibility. We don’t monitor call times and there aren't any scripts to follow, instead you’ll be encouraged to be yourself and create exceptional experiences for our customers. Some tasks you may do in a day include, but certainly aren’t limited to: 
 
 Chat with customers on the site for a few hours in the morning 
 Review user submitted health documents (Don’t worry, we'll train you! You don’t need prior experience.) 
 Have a weekly 1:1 with your manager to discuss what’s on your mind and get feedback so you can grow 
 Work closely with your team to help make decisions that impact our customers directly 
 Advocate for changing a policy at our weekly team meeting 
 Share customer feedback with our product team to help influence the product roadmap 
 
 Traits that will make you a good fit for this role include: 
 
 You love to learn and put what you learn into action 
 You deeply wish to understand others - you ask exceptional questions and truly listen 
 You pride yourself in always following through with what you say you’ll do 
 You’re a creative problem solver 
 You never settle and always seek for improvement in yourself and in your team 
 You enjoy being a subject matter expert, but are humble to admit when you have a gap and you proactively seek to fill it 
 You care deeply but remain calm and professional when under stress 
 You love being there for your team and having your team be there for you 
 
 Perks and Benefits: 
 
 Health Benefits - we offer what we preach! 
 401K including company match 
 Stock options 
 Generous PTO 
 
 Eagle Teleservices:  Remote Overnight Call Center Representative $15-$17 
 
 
 * High school or equivalent (Preferred)
 
 
 Customer Service: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 
 
 Road Side Support Specialist Team Members are able to: 
 
 Carry a team based mentality and work efficiently alongside other agents with the same goal. 
 Answer all phone calls in a timely manner with outstanding customer service. 
 Exhibit informed decision making using tools from multiple databases and search engines. 
 Demonstrate superior problem solving skills to satisfy the demands of fleets and vendors. 
 Actively find solutions for all Emergency Road Service needs concerning commercial vehicles. 
 
 Talents of this team include: 
 
 Quick & accurate recording of information from telephone calls. 
 Creative, timely problem-solving in high stress situations. 
 Extraordinary communication skills. 
 Superior customer service. 
 Comfortable with computers and technology and a willingness to learn new systems and updates. 
 Uber-organized. 
 Eager to learn new tricks and tools that are helpful to the clients. 
 Thrives in an ever-changing and expanding work environment. 
 Comfortability with maps & pinpointing breakdown locations on highways & back country roads. 
 
 Desired Skills & Experience 
 
 Minimum 1 year customer service experience required 
 Desire to provide excellent customer service 
 Performance and goal driven 
 Strong written & verbal communication skills 
 Proficient with basic computer functions 
 Ability to work as part of a team to meet goals 
 Excellent typing ability. Minimum of 35wpm 
 Exceptional problem solving skills. 
 High school diploma or GED 
 
 Categories  Daily Work At Home Job Leads ,  Job Leads ,  workathomepower  Tags  chat ,  chat jobs ,  chat support jobs ,  customer service jobs ,  debt free ,  email support jobs ,  remote ,  Remote Jobs ,  side hustles ,  virtual jobs ,  Work At Home  Post navigation 
 Share your 2021 New Year's Resolutions…Here's Mine :) 
 Work At Home Daily Job Leads 1/13/2021 
 Leave a Comment  Cancel reply 
 Comment 
 Name Email Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 
 Search 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Daily Job Leads 1/17/2021 
 Order Your Color Street Valentine Nail Sets Today! 
 Work At Home Daily Job Leads 1/13/2021 
 Daily Job Leads 1/09/2021 
 Share your 2021 New Year's Resolutions…Here's Mine :) 
 
 Archives 
 
 January 2021 
 December 2020 
 October 2020 
 September 2020 
 August 2020 
 July 2020 
 May 2020 
 April 2020 
 
 (C) 2021 Work At Home Power • Built with  GeneratePress 
