Skip to content 
   
 
 Jobs 
 Best of… 
 News 
 Posts 
 Tips 
 Search 
 
 Search 
   
 Sustainability Series: Greener Beans 
 Greener Beans is our first subject in our new sustainability series where we will be talking to startups focused on a greener future. We asked Josh Ford who co-founded the company with Peter Wortsman some questions. Tell us about Greener Beans! How did it all start and what are your goals? Greener Beans is about […] 
 Read More… 
 This is a wider card with supporting text below as a natural lead-in to additional content. 
 Continue reading 
 Sustainability Series: Greener Beans 
 Greener Beans  is our first subject in our new sustainability series where we will be talking to startups focused on a greener future. We asked  Josh Ford  who co-founded the company with  Peter Wortsman  some questions. 
 Tell us about Greener Beans! How did it all start and what are your goals? 
 Greener Beans is about accelerating the shift to more sustainable food production and consumption. We help shoppers to easily identify sustainable swaps to the grocery items they buy in the supermarket. 
 Having worked in the food industry for many years we are concerned about the damage our food system is causing the planet. Greener Beans gives shoppers easy and convenient guidance on sustainable food, making swapping rewarding. 
 Co-Founder Peter shared his initial idea with me in March last year, and we formed Greener Beans in April. Since then, we have built out how we score products and validated this with industry leaders. 
 This year we plan to launch our online sustainable swapping platform and measure the environmental impact these swaps are making. We know it is possible to remove millions of tonnes of carbon from our food consumption, along with equivalent savings of water and other impacts. We are actively growing the team to achieve these goals, so please get in touch. 
 Josh Ford 
 How are you engaging your employees in your sustainability efforts? 
 I guess you could say it’s in our DNA. Everyone involved is passionate about sustainability and believes what we are doing will have a real difference to changing our food system . We are supported by a talented group of advisors who have been instrumental in building our model and gaining traction with our stakeholders. We are fundraising and recruiting for a number of roles, and alignment to our values and cause is key to our search. 
 Do you set any goals for improvement and aim to make yourself more sustainable? 
 I found it’s important as individuals not to put too much pressure on making everything you do “perfectly sustainable” . There will always be a more sustainable way of doing things. It’s about making swaps where you can. I try to pick off easier items and make small incremental changes along the way. Recently it’s been a focus on less, but better-quality meat and fish, and repurposing old items into toys for the cat. 
 For Christmas this year, my wife and I did a “try something sustainable” advent calendar. We had to give each other something new to try each day, from shampoo bars to re-usable ear buds. We’ve tried a lot of new things not all of which will be here to stay, but some will. 
 As a business we have the opportunity of building things more consciously from the beginning, and in many ways operating a new start-up forces you to consume less. Being a tech company, our key output is digital and we are considering how we consume data, build efficiently, and the sustainability of our providers. 
 Peter Wortsman 
 What tips could you give other startup businesses to promote sustainability and have sustainability at their forefront? 
 Just make a start somewhere easy for you. Find the low hanging fruit in your operation and identify incremental improvements. The momentum of the collective learnings will grow in time. Engage your team and listen to and reward great ideas, celebrating the achievements in the same way you would with 
 other goals. One suggestion that timely is being purposeful on meeting up and office space. It’s a great way to reduce impact on travel, time and resources. 
 What have been your biggest challenges that have come exclusively from starting a green business? 
 I think generally there is a degree of confusion around the topic of sustainability. These days most people believe it’s important, but are unclear on the right action to take, and are wary of potential “greenwash”. It’s an added consideration in already busy work schedules and lives, and so any solution needs to be easy and convenient. We are very conscious of this in conversations with all our stakeholders, and in the service we are building for shoppers. 
 The pandemic has obviously affected a lot of startups both in positive and negative ways, how have you guys dealt with it? 
 Greener Beans was formed during the pandemic so it’s all we have known so far. We embraced flexible remote working from the start to allow for the added life challenges. Being a smaller team, it’s been easier to stay connected, and we have learnt an added appreciation for face-to-face interactions. Online shopping has experienced significant growth this year, and consumers are becoming more conscious to sustainability. Both of these have enhanced the relevance of what we are building. I think the pandemic has made investors more cautious and at the same time broadened their consideration set of potential investments. 
 They are also hiring a Tech Lead at Work In Startups, click   here   to take a look! 
   
 Startups To Watch: Bearable 
 Here at Work In Startups, we’re on a mission to champion the best and most exciting startups in the UK. To support this, we’re starting a new blog series highlighting some of the most innovative and fast-growing startups around. Follow us as we interview startup founders and employees across the country and find out more […] 
 Read More… 
 This is a wider card with supporting text below as a natural lead-in to additional content. 
 Continue reading 
 Startups To Watch: Bearable 
 Here at Work In Startups, we’re on a mission to champion the best and most exciting startups in the UK. To support this, we’re starting a new blog series highlighting some of the most innovative and fast-growing startups around. Follow us as we interview startup founders and employees across the country and find out more about their goals and ambitions, what the future holds and (for all you startup jobseekers out there looking for the inside scoop) what they look for in a prospective employee. 
 This week we talked to  James  the founder of [Be arable.app ](https://bearable.app/) a handy app that has the potential to change your life. Putting all facets of your wellbeing under one app, making keeping track and communicating with your doctors a breeze. 
 Tell us about Bearable! How did it all start and what are your goals? 
 When I was dealing with my own health issues a few years ago, I became tired of being sent from consultant to consultant to diagnose me, frustrated that I was not able to give them a clear, overall picture of my health for the last few weeks or months. I started tracking things in a spreadsheet, which was useful, but not convenient, and it was not easy to gain insights from this mass of data or send reports to doctors. 
 I searched for a mobile app to track my symptoms, but many of these seemed limited in customisability, and felt cold and clinical to use, it was almost like filling in a medical form, so hardly enjoyable to use regularly. There was nothing seemingly built around the patient. 
On top of this, I didn’t want to have to use 6 different apps to track my symptoms, diet, medication, mood sleep and exercise. Not only is this overwhelming, but why would I want to keep all these things in separate apps when each can impact one another? 
 So I set out to make a mobile app which helped people with chronic conditions to keep all health tracking in one place. By doing so they could not only come more prepared to doctor/therapist appointments, but could also gain unique insights as to how their mood and symptoms are affected by their daily activities and health factors such as medication, exercise, diet, sleep, and even their social life. 
 Most importantly it is built around the patient, so we have made it as intuitive, customisable and user-friendly as possible. It ultimately needs to be enjoyable to use if someone is to make it a daily habit. 
 The app can show you how social interactions affect your mood. 
 What are your values as an ambitious startup? 
 I want to empower people to feel more in control of their health conditions. Studies have shown better outcomes for that patients who are more actively involved in tracking and managing their health conditions. 
This could also potentially yield efficiency savings for countries’ health systems through more personalised commissioning and supporting people to stay well and manage their own conditions better. 
Privacy is also incredibly important to us, hence why we don’t ask for lots of personal information like other apps - only their e-mail address. All health data is encrypted on our servers, therefore only only readable by the user. 
We want users to have full control over their data, therefore we’ve made it easy for them to delete and export everything from our app. 
 With your current knowledge and what you’ve learnt so far, is there any advice would you give yourself back when you were just getting started? 
 We got a lot of feedback from the users, via surveys and posting on our community on Reddit, however qualitative analysis is not enough. Looking back, we should have done more quantitative analysis and gained more insight into how people were really using the app, as often this is different to how they say they are using it. 
 Somewhat connected to this, we were also guilty of falling into the “Next feature fallacy”, i.e. that the fallacy that the next feature you add will suddenly make people want to use the entire product. Simply throwing new features at your users will not work if you don’t have an understanding of your user lifecycle. 
 What is next for Bearable and what are the goals for 2021? 
 We hope to become the best comprehensive health tracker available. We not only want to help millions of people with chronic health issues to better manage their condition, but we also want to work with research institutions and clinicians to create a separate app specifically for them. 
The goal of the Bearable Pro app is to make studies and diagnoses more efficient by making it easier for researchers and clinicians to collect a richer data set from their patients and then manage/interpret this data. 
With our user friendly, patient-centric app, we know that we will be able to improvepatient engagement. It’s crazy to think many researchers and clinicians still give their patients paper forms to fill in. 
 What are some of the top things people seem to be learning about themselves using your app? 
 Our users are often find that, since tracking their health regularly they actually have more good days than they first thought. In that sense it’s given them a real sense of perspective over their well-being. 
Many have also discovered some useful insights using our app, such as correlations between health factors such as medication, sleep, diet, exercise and their physical and mental health. For example one user discovered that the more caffeine they had, the worse their headaches were. 
While another user discovered that regular meditation appeared to have a prolonged effect on both increasing their productivity and reducing their anxiety levels. 
 Bearable roles on Work In Startups: 
 Marketing and Growth Associate 
 Frontend Software Developer 
   
 Startup to Watch: Blkgrid 
 Here at Work In Startups, we’re on a mission to champion the best and most exciting startups in the UK. To support this, we’re starting a new blog series highlighting some of the most innovative and fast-growing startups around. Follow us as we interview startup founders and employees across the country and find out more […] 
 Read More… 
 This is a wider card with supporting text below as a natural lead-in to additional content. 
 Continue reading 
 Startup to Watch: Blkgrid 
 Here at Work In Startups, we’re on a mission to champion the best and most exciting startups in the UK. To support this, we’re starting a new blog series highlighting some of the most innovative and fast-growing startups around. Follow us as we interview startup founders and employees across the country and find out more about their goals and ambitions, what the future holds and (for all you startup jobseekers out there looking for the inside scoop) what they look for in a prospective employee. 
 Munyaradzi J. Raradza 
 This week, we’re interviewing  Munya , Founder and CEO of  Blkgrid , a young startup focused on empowering black professionals and black owned businesses. (and they're hiring for Executive Assistant and Social Media Manager on  Work in Startups !) 
 **Tell us about Blkgrid! How did it all start and what are your goals?   ** 
 The initial idea for  Blkgrid  came about in the autumn of 2018. Myself (Munya) and Co-founder/CTO  Cruize  were paying close attention to the social and economic challenges that were affecting black communities within the UK and across the world. We decided that a lot of issues needed to be solved from an economic forefront. So Blkgrid looked to solve this issue by creating a space for black opportunity and collaboration. We’re a startup that provides black students, professionals and freelancers access to opportunities at inclusive companies and startups. We also facilitate funding and advice for black entrepreneurs, across all aspects of tech and non-tech startups. On top of all this, as a Blkgrid member you get discounts while shopping with black owned businesses, supporting small businesses within the community. 
 As a company we look to become the number one place for inclusive corporates, startups and small businesses to hire black talent. More importantly, through our platform we aim to support black individuals to create and develop businesses, community initiatives and skill share. While celebrating our rich plethora of cultures along the way. 
 What are your values as an ambitious startup? 
 First and foremost, we are here to make a positive social impact, creating a more level playing field for the black professionals and freelancers of tomorrow. We are living in a changing world and we believe that Blkgrid can help to contribute to building a more equitable society. 
 We know that as a startup, it is important that we continue to be creative and brave. Creative in the way we provide our services and create products and solutions. As co-founders we find inspiration from different types of individuals, communities and spaces. This helps inform how we approach business on a daily basis but also over a long-term period. We are well aware by staying creative we are able to innovate effectively and develop an authentic brand. Being brave is also key. At Blkgrid we are not scared to ask big questions, tackle big challenges and take a different route from the rest of the crowd. Ultimately, we hope this will foster a positive and unique experience when we cater to our members and clients alike. 
 More importantly, we are a family and we treat the people that we recruit as such. We are aware that working in a startup can be fast and stressful. We want to make sure that everyone’s well-being is properly catered for. It is important that we make people who work here feel comfortable enough to be able to express their ideas and have their input heard. This is why we love to work with people who are personable, hungry to learn and have something unique to contribute to Blkgrid. 
 With your current knowledge and what you’ve learnt so far, is there any advice would you give yourself back when you were just getting started? 
 The biggest lesson we have learnt thus far, is it that it’s really important to be always ready to adapt. Naturally, creating a startup and developing it into a leading business, is a wonderful journey which requires a lot of planning. However, for anyone to learn very quickly, you must be willing to refine plans. Looking back, we would say to our former selves, be continually open to learning from these lessons and then adapt plans accordingly. 
 Cruize Delaney 
 What is next for Blkgrid and what are the goals for 2021? 
 In early 2021, we shall release our full range of services. We are currently in our beta period and looking forward to working with a range of corporates, startups and SMEs to help them recruit talented black individuals to work at their companies. We are particularly excited about our ‘Neighbourhood’ membership network, which will grant our users discounts, at a wide range of black businesses. Additionally, we’re really excited about the release and impact of ‘Blkgrid Action’. Action is our non-profit arm that will aim to use donations and a portion of our company profits to fund grass-roots community projects across the country to help curb socio-economic problems that our community may face. 
 What 's a question you'd like to ask a successful startup or a high growth startup? 
 The main question would be, how do you continue to attract and nurture relationships with B2B customers. This is an area that we are continually keen to learn about as we look to help businesses embrace and benefit from input of black professionals and freelancers. 
 Blkgrid roles on Work In Startups: 
 Executive Assistant 
 Social Media Manager 
   
 Startup to Watch: LoyaltyLion 
 Here at Work In Startups, we’re on a mission to champion the best and most exciting startups in the UK. To support this, we’re starting a new blog series highlighting some of the most innovative and fast-growing startups around. Follow us as we interview startup founders and employees across the country and find out more […] 
 Read More… 
 This is a wider card with supporting text below as a natural lead-in to additional content. 
 Continue reading 
 Startup to Watch: LoyaltyLion 
 Here at Work In Startups, we’re on a mission to champion the best and most exciting startups in the UK. To support this, we’re starting a new blog series highlighting some of the most innovative and fast-growing startups around. Follow us as we interview startup founders and employees across the country and find out more about their goals and ambitions, what the future holds and (for all you startup jobseekers out there looking for the inside scoop) what they look for in a prospective employee. 
 This week, we’re interviewing Shane Mayes, Talent Acquisition Manager at  LoyaltyLion  – a data-driven e-commerce loyalty and engagement platform which provides loyalty programs that increase customer retention for merchants worldwide. LoyaltyLion is another cool startup on our platform that’s growing like crazy,  looking to double its workforce and shake up the way that ecommerce retailers do business. 
 What is LoyaltyLion’s mission? 
 Our mission is to help retailers succeed in the age of Amazon. Ecommerce today is like the high street before it became dominated by a handful of generic, impersonal businesses. By helping entrepreneurs succeed, we hope to stop ecommerce going the way of the brick and mortar store. This is why LoyaltyLion exists. 
 What are your values as an employer? 
 We give people a setting to grow and produce their best work and be recognised for it. The attitude and mindset of your team will have a profound impact on your product and customers - we are very people focussed because of this. 
 Ownership and trust are at the core of our working philosophy. Everyone here has a tangible impact on our product and more broadly, the way that we work. 
 We act with urgency and focus but we give people the flexibility to be innovative and try new things. We’re award winning because we innovate and differentiate. 
 If we say it then we will do it. We make good on our promises. We can’t say much about Loyalty if we don’t make good on our own words. 
 You guys have grown a lot over the last year. What’s next? 
 Rewind to January 2019 and we were working out of a one bedroom apartment. We’ve grown to nearly 40 people since then. 
 We’ve added some incredibly talented and smart people to our team, and we’re building something together. What’s next? Mistakes a plenty, I’m sure! Then success, then more growth… 
 All of the great people that joined LoyaltyLion have done so because they believe in our platform, and our vision. More importantly they believe that we are the best place to be to achieve their own professional goals - and that’s a big responsibility for us. This year we want to continue to make good on that and invest in our people, and give them opportunities and experiences that they value. 
 Great culture aside, are there any company perks? 
 Let’s start with the things that I think our people value the most. 
 Flexible working, remote working and a work from home policy mean that I can stay home and work knowing that my sofa delivery won’t be missed. It means that Magda can work from Paris for part of her trip to save her using all of her holiday. It’s a great way to work and we trust our people. 
 Free breakfast and lunch on a Monday are really popular. We’re dog friendly and have a couple of regular four legged visitors. We have a heap of refreshments on tap and a bunch of games and entertainment and more importantly a bunch of people that you will want to play with. 
 We tend to wind down at 4:30 on a Friday and play some games and we have a fantastic Office Manager who looks after our social calendar - more recently we went on a scavenger hunt around London and did the crystal maze! 
 There’s so much more and we’re always looking for ways to enhance our offering… 
 What do you look for in an employee? 
 We like people who are self reflective and who can look inward. A lot of what we’re doing is a first experience for us, which means that things don’t always go to plan. To deal with that you need to have a growth mindset. 
 People who are naturally curious and value every new learning opportunity that comes their way. No one joins LoyaltyLion a loyalty expert - some of us were completely new to ecommerce. Embracing those opportunities to learn is important. Identifying valuable learning opportunities and seeking them out is what will set you apart. 
 Finally, we look for employees who are themselves. We have a broad range of backgrounds, experience, interests, values, goals and I’d say we’re an even split across the Hogwarts Houses (if you join us, you will definitely be sorted into a house). Come as you are, make an impact, and grow with us. 
   
 Startup To Watch: CausaLens 
 Here at Work In Startups, we’re on a mission to champion the best and most exciting startups in the UK. To support this, we’re starting a new blog series highlighting some of the most innovative and fast-growing startups around. Follow us as we interview startup founders and employees across the country and find out more […] 
 Read More… 
 This is a wider card with supporting text below as a natural lead-in to additional content. 
 Continue reading 
 Startup To Watch: CausaLens 
 Here at Work In Startups, we’re on a mission to champion the best and most exciting startups in the UK. To support this, we’re starting a new blog series highlighting some of the most innovative and fast-growing startups around. Follow us as we interview startup founders and employees across the country and find out more about their goals and ambitions, what the future holds and (for all you startup jobseekers out there looking for the inside scoop) what they look for in a prospective employee. 
 This week we’re interviewing Apostolos Lymperis, Business Growth Strategist at  CausaLens  - a London deeptech startup that leads causal AI research, which is a major step towards developing true AI. Their technology transforms organisations by autonomously discovering valuable insights that optimise business outcomes. Their flagship product, a Causality Infused AutoML for time-series, goes beyond both traditional machine learning and AutoML - it has become the industry standard in the financial sector and other industries. 
 What would you say CausaLens’s mission is? 
 Our startup mission is to develop Causal AI. We’re developing Artificial Intelligence that understands cause and effect and can solve the most challenging problems. For example, there are some challenging problems in financial markets and static AI models can’t really solve them. Traditional AI doesn’t properly work in dynamic, complicated systems like this. 
 What are your values as an ambitious startup? 
 One of our values is drive and resilience. In order to succeed as a growing startup, we need people that are willing to take the initiative and be bold. Our product is still developing, so we love it when people take ownership of tasks and drive innovation. We find that really happens when people are passionate about our mission and what we’re trying to achieve. 
 Another one of our company values is trust and accountability. When you care about what you’re doing and feel that you’re contributing to a great vision - you want to be accountable for what you’re doing. We want everyone to feel that we are attributing and making movements towards that vision! 
 Lastly, we want our startup employees to be kind and inspirational. We’re a small team, and kindness and trustworthiness are vital if we’re to feel comfortable around each other. We spend a lot of time together (and many nights!), so being able to feel comfortable and trust the people around us is super important. As for inspiration - we are doing a lot of hard work and need the people around us to continually inspire and contribute to the higher vision. Our product is driven by innovation, so it’s important that we are motivated and inspire each other. 
 What has your growth been like? 
 CausaLens was founded in 2017 by Darko Matovski and Maksim Sipos, and has been growing pretty rapidly since! Two years ago we were a team of 5 and now we’re a team of 20. In a year from now we’re looking to be 40-50, so we’re definitely a startup looking to hire! 
 We’ve also hit various milestones along the way. We’ve closed two major seed funding rounds (one of which was one of the biggest startup seed funding in Europe) and we’ve started working with some of the most sophisticated organisations in finance. Our client roster is growing day by day and it’s exciting to witness and be a part of. To add to the excitement, we’re moving to a cool new startup office in Hammersmith! This is necessary to support our growth. 
 What does 2020 hold in store for CausaLens? 
 We want to be the go-to place for causal AI. We also want to attract more top engineers and scientists as this will help us develop our product offering. If you’re a world class researcher that’s passionate about our mission - please do get in touch, we’d love to work with you. 
 Additionally, we want to cement ourselves as the industry standard in finance. We already have a very good reputation here and clients from all over the world, but we’re looking to grow our client base. As well as exploring this market further, we’re looking to diversify and bring value to other industries such as logistics and transportation. We have a few cool projects in the works, but they’re customer sensitive so I have to keep my lips sealed (for now)! 
 I would also say that our primary focus for startup hiring is London. We’re a tight-knit team and prefer having all of our engineers in one place - it’s easier to work through things this way and develop our product offering. However, in the long run I could definitely see us opening offices in other big financial sectors. This is still some way off, though! 
 What do you look for in an employee? 
 When hiring for our startup, we look for people that match our values and are excited about our vision of optimising the global economy. There are so many inefficiencies in the global economy and we want to eradicate (or at least reduce) these. If you embrace the value of our vision and are excited about the technologies we are building, then that’s a strong motivation for applying. Passion is, without a doubt, the most important thing! 
 We’re also growing extremely fast and as a result appreciate people that take initiative, are accountable and are driven. These are the people that bring huge value to CausaLens. How far we get is ultimately up to every individual that works here. 
 Additionally, we’re looking for people with scientific minds. Over 70% of our employees hold PhDs in quantitative fields, which should give you an indication of the technology we’re building and the employees we attract. Many of our engineers bring their research to our product and it has gotten better as a result. And if you’re not technically a developer but can still code as well, you’re a double threat! We don’t want to be a place where our research will be applied in 20 years, we want to build technology that can be applied now as  this  is where we can drive value. 
 We also look for people that are personable and friendly. We’re a tight-knit group (there are currently only 20 of us) and know each other really well. We often go out for drinks together and do things outside of work - so we look for people that want to get involved and become part of our startup family. 
 Do you have any advice for young people founding their own startup? 
 Be bold! And be ambitious. Founding your own startup takes a lot of time, patience and sleepless nights. It also requires you to make sacrifices. This is only really worth it if you’re building something that you’re passionate about and think can make a big impact. The VC world appreciates ingenuity and impactful ideas too, and is prepared to invest big in game changing technology. 
 So, set the bar high and make sure your startup idea contributes some greater idea/value to the world. Even if you fail (and 90% of startups do) it will be a great learning experience and you’ll cultivate resilience. You’ve got to adopt the mindset that the sky's the limit and even if you don’t succeed - you’ll do your best! 
   
 Startup to Watch: IMMO Investment Technologies 
 Here at Work In Startups, we’re on a mission to champion the best and most exciting startups in the UK. To support this, we’re starting a new blog series highlighting some of the most innovative and fast-growing startups around. Follow us as we interview startup founders and employees across the country and find out more […] 
 Read More… 
 This is a wider card with supporting text below as a natural lead-in to additional content. 
 Continue reading 
 Startup to Watch: IMMO Investment Technologies 
 Here at Work In Startups, we’re on a mission to champion the best and most exciting startups in the UK. To support this, we’re starting a new blog series highlighting some of the most innovative and fast-growing startups around. Follow us as we interview startup founders and employees across the country and find out more about their goals and ambitions, what the future holds and (for all you startup jobseekers out there looking for the inside scoop) what they look for in a prospective employee. 
 This week, we’re interviewing Avinav Nigam, Co-Founder of  IMMO Investment Technologies : a startup that’s radically disrupting real estate. It  digitally sources, appraises and acquires centrally located properties at scale on behalf of institutional investors . The acquired properties are then fully refurbished and rented out to homeseekers on a long-term basis. IMMO Investment Technologies are growing fast, having raised €72 million in a recent funding round, and look set to make serious waves in the real estate market in Germany (and potentially the UK). To support this growth, they’re hiring equally as fast - so make sure to check out their jobs on Work in Startups. 
 Hi Avinav! What would you say IMMO Investment Technologies mission is? 
 Great question. There are two aspects to the business. The first aspect is that we want to be your housing partner for life. From when you start university and are looking to rent a student house, to when you’re retired and looking to downsize  - we want to be your housing partner throughout that whole lifecycle. Typically, when people first look to rent the whole process is pretty opaque. You have no idea what your prospective landlord is like or the condition (beyond the superficial) that your rental property is in. It’s a gamble, and we firmly believe that renting shouldn’t be like that. It’s the most money anyone spends out of their income every month, but there’s no reliability of the experience. We want to standardise the whole process and be the housing partner that people are looking for: providing you with high-quality properties and a responsive, professional  landlord. We also want to help people that are selling their homes by breaking the chain! We’re a tech-enabled direct home buyer, which allows individuals to sell their property without worrying about the middlemen or uncertain buyers. We can take care of legal fees, provide a binding offer and work with sellers to agree upon a completion date that works for them - allowing them to focus on their next move! 
 The second aspect of the mission is that we’re opening up the world's largest asset class: residential real estate. It’s worth over €30 trillion in Europe alone, with less than 1% of institutional exposure. A lot of commercial real estate is tradable and investable, but residential property isn’t and we want to change this. Most residential property is controlled by individual landlords and mom & pop businesses, and we want to make it more accessible to investors of all sizes, starting with institutional investors. Everyone should have the ability to invest and trade in residential property as easily as they can invest and trade in stocks! We want to make residential a truly liquid asset class. 
 What are your values as a startup employer? 
 A couple of things. We are fortunate to be attracting incredibly motivated and intelligent people that bring their unique experiences to IMMO, and looking to challenge the status quo in real estate. We’ve recently hired people from Uber, Amazon, WeWork, McKinsey and Google and they’ve added a lot of value to the startup team. 
 Beyond this, there are a few things that are important to us - the primary being “behave like a founder”. If you hire some of the smartest people around, you can’t be micromanaging them. You’ve got to give them enough of a canvas to paint on so that they make masterpieces! So we expect our employees to behave like startup founders, take ownership of big problems and go ahead and solve it themselves. 
 The second thing we have found to be important is integrity. We deliver on what we promise and we expect our employees to deliver on what they promise too: it works both ways and is key to keeping IMMO thriving. 
 This also flows very closely into a culture of being kind and caring. We care about our people’s personal health, as well as their professional health. We champion a flexible and open work environment and don’t place limits on how people want to operate. We trust them to take ownership of their job, hence the freedom we give them to work flexibly. The kind and caring attitude we adopt makes IMMO Investment Technologies feel like a family, which is exactly the kind of startup environment we are trying to build. 
 We also value people that are data and tech hungry. We’re passionate about data and going in depth into what is going on from a numbers perspective. Even if a decision seems subjective from the outset, we try and see if we can take a data-driven, objective approach. This is a culture you see across the organisation. 
 Lastly, we really value humility. It’s one of the most effective ways of leadership, especially within a high growth startup. You have to be humble and open to being wrong, as well as open to being challenged more! We’re building something that has never been built before - a new asset class of residential real estate - and know that innovation and the best ideas can come from any level of the organisation. As startup founders, we know we’re not perfect and we’re always open to new ideas. 
 Can you tell us a bit about your growth over the past few years? What’s next for IMMO Investment Technologies? 
 We have been around for two years and have really gone from strength to strength. Two years doesn’t seem like a long time, but in ‘tech startup life’ that’s close to 20 - that’s just how fast things are moving. Every month is very important in the lifespan of our company. It’s still Day One. 
 When we started out, it was 3-4 of us in a WeWork in Paddington - a standard startup office in amongst a sea of other ambitious tech startup founders. Now, we’re a team of 40+ and have just moved into a two floor office space in the BBC Studios in White City. At the beginning, it was just a few of us including Christian and Samantha - my co-founders - and we were aligned by one mission: transforming the residential property market. We’ve had investors on board since day one and our growth has been pretty crazy since! 
 When we started out we launched our operations in the UK, but Brexit affected business to a certain extent. Investors did not have a positive outlook on the UK market and financing conditions changed rapidly, this made us shift our operations and focus on Germany as the investor appetite was high. Given the Brexit cloud has cleared somewhat with investors showing interest again, we are considering reinvigorating our UK efforts this year, but for now we want to focus on building our German business out. Most of our team is based in London, as IMMO is clearly a pan-European play, with operational teams in Germany, and some data & investments run out of India. 
 We became operational in our first test market, Hamburg, a year and a half ago and we’re expanding into our second and third markets over the next few months. It’s an exciting time! We’re working with large institutional investors to launch in these markets. We have been generating tens of thousands of leads - AKA people looking to sell their property to us. We inspect their properties using a standardised inspection app, and make offers based on that view as well as geo-spatial & macro trends data, using a proprietary machine learning model. Thus far, we’ve carried out more than 2,000 inspections using a standardised app, and underwritten each asset with an automated financial model. Through doing this, we’ve developed a couple of multi-million pound portfolios: one €25m portfolio, another €35m one, and soon building a €200m one! There is limitless opportunity! And we’re seeing a lot of demand for a product like this, both on the consumer and investor side. So in the future expect to see us develop more portfolios and increase the size of existing portfolios. 
 As for our portfolio operations in the UK: we’re very bare-boned here at the moment but plan on switching UK to full-blast as soon as we sign on more investors. Germany and the UK will definitely be our prime focus for the foreseeable future. Both are such deep markets, ripe for tech disruption! Given how deep real estate is, we could (and hope to) build a billion dollar business in each city we operate in! 
 What do you look for in a startup employee? 
 We have just hired the head of recruitment from Uber. It’s a senior hire and they’re a really strong, experienced individual - which I believe reflects our belief that people mean everything. A startup company is hollow without having a strong focus on people growth and management, which is why we have high standards in terms of who we hire and how we help them grow. 
 We look for people with curiosity and hunger, that question why we are doing it this way and look to do it better. These are the people that add the most value to our startup team and really contribute to our success. If you can demonstrate that you are a naturally hungry person who goes deeper and tries to understand the why, why, why of everything - you’ll do well here! Natural curiosity takes people a long way! 
 We also look for people with analytical, structured thinking. Given that the value chain of the business is fairly long, we look for people that demonstrate taking a structured and analytical approach to work with the ability to build for 100x scale. 
 Additionally, we want people that can communicate and collaborate effectively. I would say the nature of our team structures is similar to those of Amazon and Uber. We work in dispersed teams and communicate across geographies and boundaries, and want people that can forge relationships across these boundaries. Prospective employees should know  how much  and  when  to communicate - this is vital! 
 We hire candidates that meet the above criteria and fit our startup culture principles mentioned previously. 
 Do you have any advice for those thinking about founding their own startup but currently unsure? 
 You have to have a certain degree of ambition and a desire to challenge the status quo. If you think this describes you, then I would recommend taking an exciting startup job within an existing team for a few years before you start your own. You learn so much and definitely adopt an entrepreneurial mindset from taking a tech startup from Series A to D (for example). I would argue the kind of learning you get on those growth curves is unparalleled, and will add a lot of value to how you build your own startup out. 
 You might also find your Co-Founders (and investors) this way! If you’re working with a talented bunch, they will inspire and motivate you - and you might even be tempted to go into business with them further down the line. Take the Paypal Mafia, for example: the company has spawned 3 billionaires and many, many millionaires and generation defying companies.  A few former employees banded together and founded YouTube, Elon Musk founded Tesla and SpaceX, and Peter Thiel founded Clarium Capital  - just to name a few success stories. 
 Following this experience, if you are still determined to found your own startup, it will simultaneously be the most enriching and hardest experience of your life to date. Be ready to commit to it like you would commit to your own child - it really will consume most of your life. You’ve got to be prepared to make sacrifices in terms of your friendship circles and family. The startup journey is a hard one, people! 
 I would also say don’t be shy! Ask the best people that you encounter (whether on Linkedin or through your network etc.) for advice or to join your mission. This will prove invaluable when developing your business proposition. Additionally, I can’t stress enough how important conviction is. You need to be super convinced about your vision. If you are, you will find the same conviction in your family, friends, investors and Co-Founders - which will help you achieve your ultimate goal. You need to be able to sell your vision to them! You will also need that unwavering belief when the going gets tough. 
 And whatever you do, choose the right investors, particularly as an early stage startup. Money is tempting, but it’s vital that your tech investors understand your mindset and vision, and your relationship with them is one of trust, and reciprocity. They should offer you guidance and direction! We said no to strong tech investors - because we felt that they didn’t align with what we are trying to do. We are so lucky to have found incredible investors in Talis Capital, HV Holtzbrinck Ventures, Fintech Collective and Surplus capital and some of the best angels I’ve worked with, who support us every step of the way. 
   
 Startup To Watch: Pasta Evangelists 
 Here at Work In Startups, we’re on a mission to champion the best and most exciting startups in the UK. To support this, we’re starting a new blog series highlighting some of the most innovative and fast-growing startups around. Follow us as we interview startup founders and employees across the country and find out more […] 
 Read More… 
 This is a wider card with supporting text below as a natural lead-in to additional content. 
 Continue reading 
 Startup To Watch: Pasta Evangelists 
 Here at Work In Startups, we’re on a mission to champion the best and most exciting startups in the UK. To support this, we’re starting a new blog series highlighting some of the most innovative and fast-growing startups around. Follow us as we interview startup founders and employees across the country and find out more about their goals and ambitions, what the future holds and (for all you startup jobseekers out there looking for the inside scoop) what they look for in a prospective employee. 
 This week, we’re interviewing Alessandro Savelli, MD and Founder of  Pasta Evangelists : a company on a mission to become the authority in fresh pasta in the UK. Pasta Evangelists is growing quickly, hiring just as fast and radically disrupting the way we think about and consume pasta in the UK. Giles Coran and Prue Leith rank among its supporters. 
 **Hi Alessandro, what would you say Pasta Evangelists’ mission is?  ** 
 Our mission is to make the best possible fresh pasta and sauces in the UK, thereby becoming the authority in fresh pasta across multiple channels. We want to spread the joy of high-quality, fresh, hand-crafted pasta! 
 Can you tell us about your recent growth? What’s next for Pasta Evangelists? 
 The business has grown considerably over the past few years. We tripled revenues in 2019 and they grew tenfold the year before that. We’re one of the fastest growing startups in the UK and expect this to continue. In fact, we’re making sure of it by investing in our product, hiring new people and expanding our number of distribution channels. 
 Our three broadest priorities in 2020 are: 1) to improve our profitability, 2) to execute our concession business and 3) to improve our online business by focusing on online subscribers. With regard to the first priority, we are working hard to improve our margins and therefore, whilst top line growth remains key, it’s not our main focus in 2020. With regard to the second priority, given how pasta is purchased in the UK, we are looking to sell across a broader range of different channels this year. We have concession stands in Harrods and M&S and want to execute on these this year. There’s also a strong demand for our pasta on Ocado and Deliveroo, so we’re going to focus on growing these channels as well. 
 Beyond 2020, we see ourselves expanding globally. We’re currently trying to conquer the UK market, but Asia, Europe and America are also in our sights! We’re also going to stick to just making pasta: it’s in our name and it’s what we’re good at. We don’t want to diversify into other areas just yet! 
 What are your values as a startup employer? 
 We don’t have any formal ‘values’ per se but, ultimately, people are here to be treated fairly. We want to provide the people in the team with a lot of learning opportunities and we thrive when people take ownership of tasks and push for more responsibility. We’re a diverse startup team and encourage creativity, outside-of-the-box thinking and alternate perspectives as much as possible. We also reward people for hard work and dedication! 
 What’s great about working at Pasta Evangelists? 
 We give people a lot of responsibility early on, which is great for self-starters and people that want to get stuck in. We move quickly and also invest in the people in our startup team and provide a lot of learning opportunities. Working with pasta is also fun because it’s a great product. If you love food, you’ll be in heaven here! 
 What do you look for in an employee? 
 We look for people that are really interested in what we do. We hate generic applications! If you’re a massive foodie, have written about us or like our pasta - we would love to hear from you! 
 We’re also looking for people that have a lot of energy, work hard and are keen to learn. If you’re driven, motivated and ambitious - you’ll do well at Pasta Evangelists! 
 Do you have any advice for young co-founders thinking about starting their own company but currently unsure? 
 Move as quickly as possible. Things always take longer than anticipated so it’s good to think ahead and plan accordingly. Also, starting a business is a bit like going to war: you need allies and a good team. Don’t go to war by yourself - if you have a team, advisors, supporters, partners and co founders, your chances of success are likely to increase. 
 Also, do something in a category that you have a specific interest in, not just in a category where you see a business opportunity. When you found a start up, you’re tied to it for a long time and the hours are long, so it helps if you are passionate about what you do! You will also come across as more authentic and credible if you genuinely love what you do. 
 On a separate note, we have several open positions at the moment! So check them out and if nothing interests you but you think you could add value to Pasta Evangelists - send us an email! We’d love to hear from you. 
 And of course, make sure to check out out fresh pasta directly on our site (!):   https://pastaevangelists.com/ 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 » 
 
 About this blog 
 News, Articles and Interviews from Work In Startups 
 Copyright (C) 2019 Work In Startups 
 Pin It on Pinterest 
 __ 
 
 갈증 자막 다운로드 
 귀곡성 다운로드 
 크롬 확장프로그램 오프라인 다운로드 
 해리포터 시리즈 다운로드 
 파 프롬 홈 다운로드 
 타이타닉 자막 다운로드 
 디시 인사이드 이미지 다운로드 
 드라마 완결 다운로드 
 로미오와 줄리엣 1968 다운로드 
 돌이킬수없는 약속 다운로드 
 무료 비트 다운로드 
 세시봉 노래 다운로드 
 응답하라 1988 ost 다운로드 
 윈도우10 일본어 언어팩 다운로드 
 원스토어 서비스 다운로드 
 건축 도면 다운로드 
 putty 리눅스 서버 파일 다운로드 
 mssql 2008 standard 다운로드 
 flyingfile 다운로드 
 ccm 다운로드 
 
