Skip to content 
  Working, living & Travelling in Ireland  
 Main Menu 
 
 Working in Ireland Menu Toggle
 
 Foreign Language jobs in Ireland 
 Jobs/ job announcements in Ireland 
 Recruitment Agencies Ireland 
 
 
 Living in Ireland Menu Toggle
 
 Accommodation in Ireland 
 Help with feeling down ? 
 
 
 Travel Menu Toggle
 
 Gort Cycle Trails in the Burren Lowlands Menu Toggle
 
 Ardrahan Drumharsna Castle and Old Irish Milestones Looped Cycle Trail 
 Labane to Bingham Mausoleum in Adrahan looped cycle 
 
 
 
 
 About me! 
 Work With Me! Menu Toggle
 
 Small business interviews West of Ireland 
 
 
 Have a question? Contact me ! 
 
 Job losses and some positive announcements 
 Leave a Comment  /  Uncategorized  / By    Katleen  
 Dear Readers, 
 I suppose this week/last week has been a mixed bag of job losses  Talk Talk Call Centre to close in Wexford - with the loss of 550 jobs  -and  400 workers face dole as troubled firms wield axe . 
 I know that's all bad news and my heart goes out to those on the receiving end, but there are also some positive announcement, as the expansion of  VM Ware in Cork who are announcing 250 new jobs . 
 I just noticed  a  new section  on the   Enterprise Ireland website  so you can see all the companies in their portfolio and if you click on the relevant logo of a company it will bring you to their currrent vacancies. Some of them go straight to the client's website, others go to  www.jobs.ie 
 If you missed  www.careerzoo.ie , check out the   list of exhibitors  . 
 I also wanted to remind you of the  Jobbridge initiative  . 
 What is it again? 
 JobBridge is a new National Internship Scheme that will provide work experience placements for interns for a 6 or 9 month period. 
 The aim of the National Internship Scheme is to assist in breaking the cycle where jobseekers are unable to get a job without experience, either as new entrants to the labour market after education or training or as unemployed workers wishing to learn new skills. The scheme will also give people a real opportunity to gain valuable experience to bridge the gap between study and the beginning of their working lives. 
 The scheme will provide for up to 5,000 work experience placements in the private, public and voluntary sectors. This will be a time-limited scheme. Interns will receive an allowance of €50 per week on top of their existing social welfare entitlement. This will be payable for the period of the internship. 
 Happy jobhunting! 
 Katleen 
 http://ie.linkedin.com/in/katleenbellbonjean 
 https://www.facebook.com/ecotreasures 
 https://www.facebook.com/katleen.bellbonjean 
 Share this: 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 Pocket 
 
 
 More 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share this 
 
 
 
 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous Post 
 Next Post -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Workinglivingtravellinginireland 
 
 Workinglivingtravellinginireland 
 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Pages 
 
 About me! 
 Accommodation in Ireland 
 Foreign Language jobs in Ireland 
 Google Local Guide 
 Gort Cycle Trails in the Burren Lowlands 
 Have a question? Contact me ! 
 Help with feeling down ? 
 Jobs/ job announcements in Ireland 
 Living in Ireland 
 Recruitment Agencies Ireland 
 Small business interviews West of Ireland 
 Travel 
 Work With Me! 
 Working in Ireland 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 51,369 hits 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 Working, living & Travelling in Ireland | Powered by  Astra WordPress Theme 
 With Google+ plugin by Geoff Janes and Thorsten Hake 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
