[ 
 SigmaStrat 
 The Team Development & Performance Improvement People 
 ](https://sigmastrat.wordpress.com/) 
 
 
 
 
 About 
 Personal Improvement 
 Corporate Perfomance 
 Events 
 
 Why Career Development And Training Is Imperative In Your Organization 
 Posted on  February 14, 2017 
 Employees are the backbone of every organization, and it is therefore in every company’s interest to invest in the career development and training needs of their employees. The development of employees is often used as a strategic tool towards the continued growth of an organization. When employees are developed, a company will realize higher productivity and high retention. 
 The key to successful employee development is aligning the employees’ career goals with those of the organization so that it’s a ‘win-win’ situation. 
 Why Career Development & Training Is Necessary 
 There are several reasons why organizations must take part in their employees’ career development and training, and they include social and demographic trends. As times change so do trends the industry. These changes have forced organizations to ensure that their employees are equipped to carry out their functions in our changing world so as to ensure the organization stay relevant and competitive. 
 The other reason companies implement career development and training in the workplace is when they realize that there are limited opportunities for advancement of their employees. It is easier and in many cases cheaper to train existing employees than it is to bring in new ones and induct them into the organization’s culture. A high employee turnover destabilizes the company ultimately affecting the bottom line. 
 **How To Successfully Implement Career Development & Training ** 
 The first step in implement a career development and training strategy for your employees involves communicating with them so as to identify what their individual career aspirations are. You also need to reintroduce them to the organization’s goals so that they can see how their individual career goals align with that of the organization and how they can develop their career given the various platforms available in the organization. 
 You’ll also need to analyse the needs of the organization against the skill set of your employees. By doing this, you identify any gaps and the best way to fill them. Will you outsource some of the work? Can you train your current employees so that they handle new or multiple tasks to meet organizational objectives? What specialized training is needed? Once you figure out the answers to these questions, you can move on to the next step. 
 The next step involves creating a training plan and budget. The training plan and budget are based on both the constraints and needs of the organization. Ideally, you should use the departmental objectives and goals to develop your employees. This is because employees need to be equipped to combat the challenges that come with the organizational goals. 
 Sigma Strategic Business Consult Ltd 
 Career development and training of employees is imperative in every organization. You need a trusted and qualified firm to help you make this possible and Sigma Strategic Business Consultant Ltd is your best option. SigmaStrat, a wholly Ghanaian owned multinational company which serves clients internationally through its offices in Ghana and Kenya and with strategic partnerships in Europe, Asia and America, is accredited by the Professional Evaluation and Certification Board (PECB), Montreal, Canada. Sigma Strategic Business Consult Ltd is recognized by the World Bank and the Government of Ghana and has won international awards including Training Service Provider of the Year in 2014 and Business Strategy Firm of the Year in 2013 by a UK based business publication, at the M&A Awards. When you choose SigmaStrat you choose our international reputation for being THE team Development and Performance Improvement People. With over a hundred years combined experience in business growth, we will give you the best career development and training solutions in the market. 
 SigmaStrat is your solution to guaranteed success. 
 http://www.sigmastrat.com 
 
 Download our  corporate brochure 
 Download our  course catalogue 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  Uncategorized . 
 
  Put your money where your mouth is 
 Lean Six Sigma, people and politicians  
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Follow Us on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 
 
 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Lean Six Sigma, people and politicians 
 Why Career Development And Training Is Imperative In Your Organization 
 Put your money where your mouth is 
 Stop throwing money at business problems 
 The Lean Church 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 Ways to talk up to y…  on  Performance Improvement in… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Root Criteria In iph…  on  Seven Deadly Sins of Business… 
 
 
 
 titus  on  Team Management & Lea… 
 
 
 
 SigmaStrat Ghana  on  Seven Deadly Sins of Business… 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 April 2017 
 February 2017 
 August 2016 
 March 2015 
 October 2014 
 May 2014 
 December 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 June 2013 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 September 2011 
 
 Categories 
 
 Corporate Perfomance 
 Personal Improvement 
 Uncategorized 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Featured events just for you 
 
 List 
 Calendar 
 
 < Previous  Next > 
 «  | 
 January 2021 
 
 
 
 » 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Sun 
 Mon 
 Tue 
 Wed 
 Thu 
 Fri 
 Sat 
 
 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 31 
 1 
 2 
 
 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 
 
 10 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 
 
 17 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 
 
 24 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 
 
 31 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 
 
 
 + Add your own event   Eventbrite 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 We teamed up with Eventbrite 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
