Skip to content 
  Working, living & Travelling in Ireland  
 Main Menu 
 
 Working in Ireland Menu Toggle
 
 Foreign Language jobs in Ireland 
 Jobs/ job announcements in Ireland 
 Recruitment Agencies Ireland 
 
 
 Living in Ireland Menu Toggle
 
 Accommodation in Ireland 
 Help with feeling down ? 
 
 
 Travel Menu Toggle
 
 Gort Cycle Trails in the Burren Lowlands Menu Toggle
 
 Ardrahan Drumharsna Castle and Old Irish Milestones Looped Cycle Trail 
 Labane to Bingham Mausoleum in Adrahan looped cycle 
 
 
 
 
 About me! 
 Work With Me! Menu Toggle
 
 Small business interviews West of Ireland 
 
 
 Have a question? Contact me ! 
 
 Lot's of job announcements and a bit of kitesurfing! 
 Leave a Comment  /  Jobs in Ireland  / By    Katleen  
 Hello all, 
 Just last week there was a spate of job announcements!! 
 Mylan   (pharmaceuticals)(both in Dublin and Galway) will be expanding their operations  by 550 
( 220 of which in Galway) by 2016. 
 Apple  ( in Cork) plans to construct a three-storey office block next to its existing plant in the city, adding 500 jobs!This will cater for the expansion of its business in Europe, the Middle East, India and Africa.Apple has been in Cork for 30 years. It currently employs 2,800 people in the city and its business is booming. 
 This means that Apple will have 3,300 employees, which is nearly as much as  Intel has in Leixlip ! 
 As this expansion also involves a new building, it is estimated another 200 construction jobs will be created, which will be a welcome boost for those in the construction business! 
 You can check out the current Apple vacancies in Cork  here . 
 To go to back to the Mylan jobs in Galway, as I live in Galway, I automatically assumed that the Mylan jobs would be in/around Galway City, but it's only when I researched where they are located in Galway, I realise that those jobs are going to be in Inverin, which is not in the city at all, and is located about 25 minutes outside of the city. Inverin has  a very small airport   that has flights to the Aran Islands. 
 View Larger Map 
 Bioniche Pharma,Kilroe East,Inverin,Co. Galway, Ireland 
Email:  careers_bioniche@mylan.com   Phone: +353 91 593202 
You can check out the Mylan Jobs in Galway  here . 
 So that was that on the job front! 
 On a slightly lighter note, I decided to head to the beach on Saturday, as it was sunny( but very windy as you'll hear in the videos). The beach nearest to us is in Kinvara, and is called Traught Beach. 
To check out the location of all Galway beaches, click  here 
 There was very few people at the beach, but my boys were all excited as there were these huge kites in the sky! (I thought to myself, where would you get those??) 
But then I realised they weren't just kites, they were kites used to do kite surfing with! 
I took some footage, you'll see the first clip is the getting ready , and the the rest is  actual kite surfing in the ocean. Maybe when the kids are a little bit older (I was told at least 10 or probably better 12) they can take classes.. You can check out more information about Kite surfing  here . 
 Greetings from Galway! 
 Katleen 
 Share this: 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 Pocket 
 
 
 More 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share this 
 
 
 
 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous Post 
 Next Post -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Workinglivingtravellinginireland 
 
 Workinglivingtravellinginireland 
 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Pages 
 
 About me! 
 Accommodation in Ireland 
 Foreign Language jobs in Ireland 
 Google Local Guide 
 Gort Cycle Trails in the Burren Lowlands 
 Have a question? Contact me ! 
 Help with feeling down ? 
 Jobs/ job announcements in Ireland 
 Living in Ireland 
 Recruitment Agencies Ireland 
 Small business interviews West of Ireland 
 Travel 
 Work With Me! 
 Working in Ireland 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 51,464 hits 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 Working, living & Travelling in Ireland | Powered by  Astra WordPress Theme 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
