Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Faculty Teaching Coordinator 
 The King's University 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 POSITION SUMMARY 
 The Faculty Teaching Coordinator offers support to improve teaching at the University. The coordinator works with multiple departments and committees, particularly the Faculty of Education and the Teaching Committee, to address immediate and long-term needs of the teaching faculty. With a focus on improving curriculum, teaching pedagogy, assessment, and delivery in face-to-face, hybrid and online classroom experiences, this position is the number one resource faculty members can turn to when they need assistance or resources. Part time employment may be considered for exceptionally qualified candidates. 
 KEY RESPONSIBILITIES 
Resource faculty and departments to improve curriculum and lesson development: 
 
 Develop goals and outcomes for courses 
 Develop learning objectives and flow of lessons 
 
 Mentor faculty members in the design and delivery of appropriate assessment methods 
 
 Survey and critique assessment tools and methods 
 Advise on how to appropriately assess outcomes and objectives 
 Provide advice on creating and managing assessment in a face-to-face, hybrid or online classroom 
 
 Coach and Support faculty members in developing active, engaging learning strategies in the classroom 
 Provide support, resources, and training for online teaching 
 
 Use of technology in the classroom 
 Classroom management in a face-to-face, hybrid, or online classroom 
 Development of pedagogy for online teaching 
 Assessment in an online environment 
 Provide faculty with support to implement good practices in Moodle 
 
 General Responsibilities 
 
 Develop and organize materials for new faculty orientation 
 Create forums for faculty to discuss teaching 
 Facilitate discussions about learning between different departments 
 Provide administrative support to the Teaching Committee 
 Organize mini conferences on teaching and learning 
 Be a go-to person for faculty when teaching or classroom management issues arise 
 Connect and cooperate with other teaching and learning centres in the area/province 
 Coordinate with the Faculty of Education to better utilize resources for faculty development 
 
 QUALIFICATIONS 
 
 Commitment to Christian post-secondary education required 
 M.Ed. or B.Ed. with equivalent experience 
 Significant classroom teaching experience, preferably 10 years. 
 Experience developing and assessing curriculum and assessment in the classroom 
 Experience as an instructional coach is ideal 
 Moodle (or comparable system) instructional design and administrative training 
 
 A condition of employment is assent to the University’s Christian Statement of Faith found at: https://www.kingsu.ca/about-us/careers 
 Position will remain open until a suitable candidate is found. Please apply by e-mail. Visit our website for details. 
 Human Resources 
The King’s University 
9125-50 Street, Edmonton, Alberta 
T6B 2H3 
 www.kingsu.ca/careers 
 Reference ID: Faculty Teaching Coordinator 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Salary: $56,826.00-$78,121.00 per year 
 Benefits: 
 
 Dental care 
 Disability insurance 
 Employee assistance program 
 Extended health care 
 Life insurance 
 Vision care 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 Education: 
 
 Master's Degree (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
