Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Customer Care Representative 
 Canopy Growth Corporation 
 __Smiths Falls, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Montreal, QC, Canada ● Smiths Falls, ON, Canada Req #3107 
September 24, 2020 
 The Company 
 At Canopy Growth, our mission is clear:  improve lives, end cannabis prohibition, and strengthen communities. We believe that cannabis can be a force for good. We’re building a consumer-centric organization that is focused on sharing the transformational potential of cannabis with the world. We will achieve this through an innovative and disruptive portfolio of cannabis and hemp-derived products. 
 With millions of square feet of licensed production capacity and operations spanning four continents, Canopy Growth is the world's leading cannabis and hemp company. We recognize that employees are at the core of our success, and we take pride in a corporate culture that emphasizes inclusiveness, collaboration, and diversity. 
 Our employees come from a wide range of backgrounds, each bringing their own unique skills and talents to the table, working together to continue our incredible momentum of growth. If you are interested in building global challenger brands, scaling a business, and working in a values-driven environment, we want to hear from you! 
 The Opportunity 
 Outstanding customer care is a cornerstone of our business. We are seeking a Customer Care Representative who can fluently speak English/French and Spanish to support our new lines of business. As a Tweed Customer Care Representative, your role begins by helping customers through the process of obtaining their medical document and becoming a registered client; then helping them select the product best suited to their needs; and generally making their client experience a pleasant and productive one. 
 Responsibilities 
 Provide prompt, courteous, and clear answers to all inquiries 
Provide insight about the Health Canada regulations and the impact on their options 
Advice on our policies and procedures 
Provide information on our products and the medical options to be considered 
Ensure clarity on the status of their orders 
Other duties as assigned 
 Experience 
 Strong Call Centre Experience 
Excellent listening and communication skills 
Strong customer resolutions and retention skills 
Strong administrative skills 
Strong technology skills, including G-Suite, web-based systems, report preparation and multi-channel communication with the ability to learn/utilize new computers systems 
Sincere compassion and empathy for the needs of customers 
A strong sense of personal integrity and confidentiality 
Ability to define processes and contribute to the growth of the team 
Resolve problems by analyzing data and identifying problems 
Ability to work independently 
A medical background would be an asset 
Ability to work variable shifts 
Veteran Status and Cannabis regulations knowledge an asset 
Able to speak English and French would be an asset 
Able to speak English, French and Spanish would be preferred 
 Other Details 
 This is a full-time position based out of Smiths Falls, ON and Montréal, QC. 
 We appreciate the interest from all candidates, and promise to review all applications, but we will only be contacting those who best fit the requirements. If you don’t hear from us, don’t fret; every resume we get is kept in our database for six months for consideration in future searches for talent. 
 Canopy Growth welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. 
 Accommodations are available upon request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. 
 One last note:  the chosen applicant will be required to successfully complete background and reference checks. 
 Thank you so much for your interest in Canopy Growth. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
