Jerilyn Willin: Speaker, Writer, Coach 
 Where speakers, writers, colleagues, and friends can share and exchange ideas 
 Menu Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Coming Events! 
 Dipping Deeper 
 Looking For A Speaker? 
 My Books 
 
 
 Tag Archives: career options 
 "O" is for Options part 1 
 Leave a reply 
 Last year, I coached a woman who had been in her position for about ten years. She contacted me because she wanted to look for something new, and felt “out of the loop” when it came to looking for a new job and interviewing. As with many of my clients, she had lost touch with all she had done in her career. When we first began digging into her resume more than once she exclaimed, “Oh that’s right! I’d forgotten all about that project.” 
 Not long after sending her resume to a few open positions, she began getting calls for interviews. At our first meeting after she’d been to a couple interviews she revealed that she had decided to remain where she was. “I felt as though I had no options,” she said. “Now that  I’ve been interviewing, I see I have options and that makes me feel more confident about staying where I am.” 
 Options.  For some they are a burden that can weigh heavy and lead to anxiety and confusion. For others, they bring a sense of freedom that allows us to make the choice that is right for us. In which camp do you fall? 
 Options often come into play for the first time when we finish high school. Do we go to college  and if so, which one? If college isn’t in the cards, there is the whole question of meaningful work in a company, a trade, or maybe the military beckons. As life goes on and responsibilities grow, many begin to believe their options narrow. Is that true? When people say they are keeping their “options open”, what exactly does that mean? 
 I choose to believe we  always  have options. Options are choices and when it comes to our careers we can  find  options by keeping our eyes, ears and mind open. It can be scary to explore  options if we believe we must act on them. But if we can reframe that belief, if we can convince ourselves that we are just  exploring  the options. Our career world can open up. 
 Let’s look again at my opening example. My client came to me saying she wanted to change jobs. Did she? Or was she really seeking to explore her options to reassure herself that she actually had options? Once she saw that her skills were viable in today’s job market, she felt better about where she was. Knowing you have options can be very freeing. 
 Who limits our options? We do. By narrowing our vision of what might be possible and who we could become. The good news is if we can narrow our vision, we also have the power to open it up. How? Part 2 of O is for Options will be posted later this month. There we will look at how you can uncover some options that might be right where you currently are. 
 In the meantime, what is your view on options? A blessing or a curse? 
 Share this: 
 
 Email 
 Print 
 Twitter 
 Pinterest 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 This entry was posted in  Uncategorized  and tagged  career amnesia ,  career options ,  exploring ,  interviewing ,  options  on  February 2, 2016  by  Jerilyn Willin: Speaker, Writer, Coach . 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 265 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Blogs I Follow 
 
 The Classy Abroad. 
 JWILLINCONSULTING 
 Life after losing a mother 
 ideas.ted.com 
 EASY WEEKLY MEALS - Blog 
 Writing Under Fire 
 Women's Fiction Writers 
 http://colleenwalshfong.com/ 
 Communication Essentials 
 Human Nature Concepts 
 
 Earlier Posts 
 Earlier Posts Select Month November 2018  June 2016  April 2016  February 2016  November 2015  October 2015  July 2015  April 2015  March 2015  February 2015  January 2015  November 2014  October 2014  August 2014  June 2014  April 2014  March 2014  February 2014  January 2014  December 2013  October 2013  September 2013  July 2013  May 2013 
 
 
 
 January 2021 S 
 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 
 
 10 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 
 
 17 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 
 
 24 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 
 
 31 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 « Nov 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 The Classy Abroad. 
 If it is not bad, it could work. 
 JWILLINCONSULTING 
 Where speakers, writers, colleagues, and friends can share and exchange ideas 
 Life after losing a mother 
 Thriving in the midst of loss 
 ideas.ted.com 
 Explore ideas worth spreading 
 EASY WEEKLY MEALS - Blog 
 Where speakers, writers, colleagues, and friends can share and exchange ideas 
 Writing Under Fire 
 Sit - Write - Edit - Edit - Edit - Publish 
 Women's Fiction Writers 
 http://colleenwalshfong.com/ 
 Where speakers, writers, colleagues, and friends can share and exchange ideas 
 Communication Essentials 
 Creating life success through connection, communication, and values 
 Human Nature Concepts 
 Exploring how human behavior mimics the laws of science and nature - and what we can learn 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
