
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Assistant Professor of Computer Science 
 Ohio Wesleyan University 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Assistant Professor of Computer Science 
 Ohio Wesleyan University 
 [](mailto:?subject=Assistant%20Professor%20of%20Computer%20Science&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/14124439/assistant-professor-of-computer-science/ "Email")  
 Application 
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 November 19, 2020 
 Location: 
 Delaware, Ohio 
 __ Show Map 
 Employment Type: 
 Full-time 
 Organization Type: 
 Higher Education Institution 
 Ohio Wesleyan University’s Department of Mathematics and Computer Science invites applications for a tenure track Assistant Professor position in computer science to begin in August 2021. We seek an enthusiastic instructor with a demonstrated interest in teaching a wide variety of computer science courses across the curriculum. Candidates who have experience in databases, software engineering, data mining, network security, or other applied computer science fields are especially encouraged to apply. 
 Qualified candidates will: 
 
 Be excellent teachers, able to teach a variety of undergraduate computer science courses at all levels, 
 Be eager to participate in the department’s efforts to engage in mentored research opportunities with students in mathematics, statistics, computer science, and data analytics, 
 Maintain a productive, ongoing research program, and 
 Contribute actively to the growth of the department and its efforts to attract and retain a diverse student body. 
 
 Ideal candidates will have experience teaching and mentoring students of all backgrounds, including those who are traditionally underrepresented in computer science. We will also look favorably on candidates who can effectively teach courses in which students possess a range of skill levels. A Ph.D. or A.B.D. in computer science or a closely related field is required, with a preference for a completed Ph.D. 
 The OWU Department of Mathematics and Computer Science is a collaborative department in which faculty members work together to offer a diverse range of courses, mentored research opportunities, and other educational experiences (like participation in math/programming contests, travel learning experiences, etc.). We have a history of supporting innovation and interdisciplinarity in our course offerings. Recent interdisciplinary courses developed, or co-developed with faculty in other departments, include: data mining and machine learning, topological data analysis applied to neuroimaging, biostatistics, mathematical modeling in marine biology, generative art, and mathematical modeling of climate systems. The person hired into this position will be supported and encouraged to develop new courses in their own areas of interest. OWU also offers a number of interdisciplinary programs and majors (e.g., Neuroscience, Data Analytics, Quantitative Economics, Environmental Studies, Social Justice, and others). The person in this position will be supported and encouraged to contribute to these programs as their expertise, interest, and opportunity allow. 
 All application material should be submitted through  www.mathjobs.org . To ensure full consideration, applications should be submitted by January 15, 2021. 
 More Information 
 This job is part of a cluster of positions with which Ohio Wesleyan seeks to further diversify its curriculum and faculty. This faculty cohort will join an educational community that values equity and interdisciplinarity and fosters close working relationships with students through our signature program in experiential learning, The OWU Connection. Incoming faculty will be provided with mentoring, professional development funds, and opportunities to connect with faculty across the Ohio 5 and GLCA consortia. For more information about the cluster, please visit  owu.edu/joinOWUfaculty . For more information about Academic Affairs and its commitment to antiracism, please visit  owu.edu/AcademicAffairsDEI . 
 Located in the Columbus, Ohio, metropolitan area, Ohio Wesleyan is a selective residential liberal arts college enrolling approximately 1,500 students from across the nation and around the world. The college’s signature program,  The OWU Connection , is designed to integrate student knowledge across disciplines, consider diverse and global perspectives, and teach students to apply their knowledge in real-world settings. Ohio Wesleyan is featured in the book  Colleges That Change Lives  and was recently listed as the No. 1 liberal arts college in Ohio for social mobility by U.S. News & World Report. OWU is located in Delaware, Ohio, a lively college town just 30 minutes from Columbus, the 14th most populous city in the United States and part of the fastest-growing, most economically vibrant areas of the Midwest. Columbus was named by LinkedIn as one of the top 10 U.S. cities in which to launch your career. 
 To achieve our mission, we continually strive to foster a diverse, inclusive, and antiracist campus community, which celebrates the value of all persons regardless of race, ethnicity, gender, color, gender identity and or expression, sexual orientation, family configuration, disability, socioeconomic status, religion, national origin, age, or military status. OWU is an equal opportunity institution and seeks applications from individuals who will help us honor and strengthen our commitments to diversity, inclusion, and antiracism. 
 Required Documents 
 
 Cover Letter: A short letter addressing the areas mentioned in the advertisement. 
 Curriculum vita 
 Teaching Statement: A statement articulating your teaching philosophy. Please address your ability to teach a wide range of courses and employ a variety of pedagogical techniques to reach students from different backgrounds. 
 Research Statement: A statement on your research program and how you would approach mentoring students in research projects related to your scholarly interests. 
 Diversity Statement: A 1-page statement that describes your experience and/or approach to supporting students from underrepresented groups, including examples of ways you have intentionally addressed diversity, equity, and inclusion in your classroom. 
 Transcripts of graduate work (unofficial acceptable for initial application). 
 Three letters of recommendation, at least one of which addresses your teaching effectiveness and potential. 
 
 
 
 Internal Number: # 2021-0022 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About Ohio Wesleyan University 
 OHIO WESLEYAN UNIVERSITY (www.owu.edu) is a private liberal arts college located 20 miles north of Columbus in Delaware, Ohio. OWU is committed to providing equal opportunities in employment and welcomes applications from all. OWU celebrates diversity and does not discriminate against individuals on the basis of race, religion, color, culture, national origin, sex and/or sexual orientation, gender, gender identity and/or expression, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status, economic barriers, or any other legally protected factor. OWU is an equal opportunity institution and has a strong commitment to supporting diversity, equity, and inclusion. Qualified individuals will not be disadvantaged based on being unemployed. 
 Connections working at Ohio Wesleyan University 
 More Jobs Like This 
 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence for Arabic, Research Assistant 
 __  Abu Dhabi 
 
 
 
 
 New York University 
 __Today 
 
 
 Assistant Professor 
 __  Tuscaloosa, Alabama 
 
 
 University of Alabama Tuscaloosa 
 __2 Days Ago 
 
 
 FCSM-3409, Assistant Professor in Data Sciences and Distributed Systems 
 __  Towson, Maryland 
 
 
 Towson University 
 __2 Days Ago 
 
 
 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
