
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 InEvent (S19) 
 Virtual, online and hybrid events, meetings and conferences 
 Sales Account Executive 
 $50k - $70k • 0.01% - 0.05% 
 Location 
 USA / Remote 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 3+ years 
 About InEvent 
 InEvent is event analytics to transform attendees into customers, driving sales, profits, efficiency and cost benefits for your company. 
 Digital integrations with CRMs to boost your sales Marketing suite with emails, messaging and pixels to personalize your attendee journey Powerful meetings & interactive mobile app for live engagement Tools and data are integrated on a single platform, including drag and drop landing pages, email builder, online registration, meeting scheduling, QR Codes, badge printing, financial reports and integrations to deliver personalized experiences for your customers. InEvent software is drag and drop, no code required, white label platform by design. Training, summits and conferences benefit from the all in one event management solution. 
 About the role 
 SALES ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE 
 InEvent is looking for women and men top sales performers to join our innovative team responsible for WOWing customers at the B2B virtual and hybrid events landscape. 
 ABOUT INEVENT 
 InEvent is a B2B startup that develops intelligent solutions for virtual and hybrid events within medium and large enterprises, creating high-level management for the c-level suite and robust operational tools for analysts and managers. 
 ABOUT OPENING: ACCOUNT EXECUTIVE 
 We are looking for experienced sales executives with the motivation to nurture relationships with InEvent customers and users. With previous inside sales experience, you must desire and be willing to learn and make it happen. You will have the autonomy and responsibility to: 
 Work and discuss strategies together with InEvent c-level suite. 
 Meet and support Fortune 1000 companies continuous usage of InEvent product. 
 Develop new sales / business with global customers. 
 Work in partnership with InEvent marketing and product areas for customer aggregated value. 
 Give constant feedbacks to product development and support sales processes. 
 EXPERIENCE 
 Previous experience in sales and software demoing is essential Knowledge and experience with CRMs. Knowledge with Marketo and Salesforce integrations. Knowledge on BANT, Predictable Revenue and SPIN. 
 IDEAL PROFILE 
 Have the desire and commitment to do what it takes to be successful in na early stage fast-grow startup Have a positive outlook and a strong ability to take responsibility for their successes and failures Have exceptional consultative selling and closing skills Are Top Producers in their current role Have a sharp focus on their goals and a belief that their daily, weekly and monthly activities will help achieve them Confidence can sometimes hold us back from applying for a job. But we'll let you in on a secret: there's no such thing as a 'perfect' candidate. InEvent is a place where everyone can grow. So however you identify and whatever background you bring with you, please apply if this is a role that would make you excited to come into work every day. 
 OPENING DETAILS 
 Location: USA 
 Workload: 40 hours per week. 
 Start: Immediate. 
 Salary: $ 54,000 - $ 70,000 + 10% commissions + 20% quarterly bonus over targeted quota 
 This is a continuous selection process, with an indeterminate end date. 
 Technology 
 We use currently PHP, node.js, CSS, vue.js and other tools to deliver our technology to 35 different countries. 
 Other jobs at InEvent 
 Sales Manager 
 fulltime 
 USA / Remote 
 $75k - $110k 
 0.08% - 0.80% 
 6+ years 
 Sales Account Executive 
 fulltime 
 USA / Remote 
 $50k - $70k 
 0.01% - 0.05% 
 3+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
