Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 GIS Services Supervisor 
 Western Forest Products 
 __Alberta 
 Apply Now 
 THE OPPORTUNITY 
 Western Forest Products (WFP) has an exciting opportunity for a full-time permanent GIS Services Coordinator located in beautiful Campbell River, BC. WFP is responsible for sustainably managing over 1.6 million hectares of land and the GIS Services Coordinator plays a critical role in leading a team of GIS professionals that manage the company’s spatial systems and data, provide analytical support for short and long-term forestry planning decisions, and meet operational mapping requirements. 
 The GIS team at WFP is located across Timberlands Operations and uses integrated and standardized workflows to support operational, tactical and strategic planning needs. The ideal candidate will foster a positive customer-oriented culture across the GIS team and will act as a conduit between the GIS team and other WFP departments/external groups by developing solutions to issues, planning and delegating tasks, ensuring that standard procedures are followed, and that data, products and analyses are of the highest standard. 
 To succeed in this role, you will have proven track record of successful people and project management, the ability to represent WFP professionally and positively both internally and externally, a vision for how to continually set a higher standard for GIS work and the drive and organization to realize it. 
 WHAT YOU WILL DO 
 
 Manage a team of GIS professionals, ensuring a standardized approach to handling, updating and analyzing data. 
 Coordinate with other departments and external clients to develop solutions to issues. 
 Manage projects involving multiple stakeholders, delegate tasks and ensure that work is completed to a high standard, on time and on budget. 
 Supervise, mentor, recruit, train and evaluate staff while ensuring that they have the resources necessary to be successful. 
 Oversee the operation, maintenance and design of all GIS related systems and databases. 
 Coordinate with MIS department to troubleshoot systems to ensure availability of applications. 
 Prepare and manage budgets and negotiate contracts. 
 Manage external GIS data requests. 
 
 WHO YOU ARE 
 Education and Experience 
 
 Post-secondary degree or diploma in GIS from a recognized and accredited institution is preferred. 
 8+ years of progressive GIS experience with 1+ year of direct supervisory experience. 
 Documented training with current GIS software and programming languages. 
 Demonstrated forest management acumen specific to forestry requirements and challenges. 
 
 Skills, Knowledge and Required Competencies 
 
 Advanced skills in geomatics including editing, mapping, geo-processing, querying and reporting. 
 Proven ability to lead, mentor and motivate staff. 
 Demonstrated skills in project management, problem solving and organization. 
 Expertise using the ESRI software suite of tools. 
 Solid understanding of forest management and land use planning. 
 Advanced skills in database management using SQL Server and/or Oracle. 
 Refined written and oral communication skills. 
 Developed understanding of business drivers and performance measures. 
 Customer service-oriented disposition. 
 
 BENEFITS AND COMPENSATION 
 We value our employees and offer a comprehensive total rewards package, which includes competitive compensation with a pay-for-performance philosophy, employer-paid benefits, pension and other programs designed to support our employees and meet their needs. If you invest your time and talents in our company, we will invest in you. 
 CAREER ADVANCEMENT 
 We strive to support our people in reaching their full potential. We provide a variety of on-the-job training and continuing education in many areas at Western to ensure you have the skills you need to succeed. Our promote-from-within culture recognizes high performance, and we offer diverse career paths across the organization for those with the talent and will to advance. 
 ABOUT WESTERN FOREST PRODUCTS 
 Western Forest Products is a Canadian forest products company that sustainably manages forests and manufactures high-quality wood products. We are committed to providing the most sustainable building products on the planet. With operations in the coastal region of British Columbia and Washington State, Western Forest Products meets the needs of customers worldwide with a specialty wood products focus and diverse product offering sourced from our secure access to a variety of coastal BC tree species. Our progressive approach to safe and sustainable forestry practices and large investment in manufacturing ensures the health and prosperity of our forests, communities and business for generations to come. 
 We provide equal opportunity in recruitment, career development, promotion, training and rewards for all employees. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Schedule: 
 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 Experience: 
 
 GIS: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
