
 Skip to primary navigation 
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to footer 
 
 This site uses cookies. Please review our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy  - by continuing you are accepting them. Click to close this message. 
 Log in 
 | 
 Join 
 
 
 Members home 
 Purpose and fulfilment 
 Finding and getting a new job 
 Self employment 
 Thrive at work 
 Organisational Renewal 
 Leadership & Team Coaching 
 Career Coaching 
 Outplacement 
 The Team 
 News 
 Contact us 
 
 Surviving and thriving in your new job 
 More people leave on the first day of a new job than at any other time. Perhaps it is because the reality of the role is somewhat different to the one described so fulsomely at the interview. Maybe the people are vile or the journey in rush-hour is dreadful. There many reasons, but you can avoid this situation by being properly prepared. 
 Our recommendation for people who do survive the first day and then week, is to see through a whole year before making any decisions about whether to stay in the long-term. It is important to experience a full cycle of the business and its operations. 
 Similarly, the very early days in your own new business have many pressures, excitements and issues with which to deal. We have been there and are thriving; we can help you address the pressing problems and open closed doors. 
 
  Creating a culture of lifelong learning 
 Learning through uncertainty and maintaining momentum when we return to ‘normal’ – what can we do as individuals and as organisations to create a culture of lifelong learning? 
 More 
 
  Thriving at work - What are the pros and cons of your job? 
 What do you need, in order to thrive rather than just survive at work? Everyone needs a different combination of factors to thrive at work. And every employer rates differently in what they provide. 
 Members only: Please  login  or  read about joining . 
 
  Ten tips to survive and thrive in a new job 
 Your new job will keep throwing new challenges and learning opportunities at you. Here are 10 tips on how to survive and thrive. 
 Members only: Please  login  or  read about joining . 
 
  Justifying your salary and understanding your value at work 
 Understanding the value that you add at work can be key to self-belief, as well as helping you negotiate a decent salary in your current employment or a new job. Part 1 of 5. 
 More 
 
  Justifying your salary. Part 2 - Fundamentals 
 It may seem clear to you, but it pays to clarify and gather supporting evidence for how well you perform in the fundamentals at work. Part 2 of 5. 
 Members only: Please  login  or  read about joining . 
 
  Justifying your salary. Part 3 – Key Behaviours 
 What are the behaviours that make you a particularly valuable member of your boss's team? Consider how you are adding value above average. Part 3 of 5. 
 Members only: Please  login  or  read about joining . 
 
  Justifying your salary. Part 4 – Your Outputs 
 How is your performance against your targets contributing to the overall success of the organisation? Are you over-achieving in your current role? Part 4 of 5. 
 Members only: Please  login  or  read about joining . 
 
  Justifying your salary. Part 5 – Leadership 
 Not everyone is a manager, but anyone can choose to support, guide and inspire their colleagues. Let's consider how you are adding value by increasing the value of others. Part 5 of 5. 
 Members only: Please  login  or  read about joining . 
 
  Please share your feedback 
 We're updating the content and code of Work Horizons all the time, so your feedback will help us do more of what's working well and improve what isn't. Please do tell us what you thought of the service, with these short questions. 
 More 
 Looking for something different? Return to the  full list of resources . 
 Footer 
 About Work Horizons 
 At Work Horizons we are organisational renewal and career coaching specialists. Our employees and associates bring many years’ experience and a firm belief that sustainable success is built on employees and managers who have a clear sense of purpose, aligned with the values and goals of the organisation. 
 Meet the team  |  Statutory information 
 Recent news and commentary 
 Launch Event - Work Horizons Consultancy Practice 
 Paid internship - digital marketing and social media 
 Your chance to shine! A guide to virtual interviews 
 Welcome Aboard! 
 Sleep Your Way to the Top! 
 Contact us 
 Work Horizons is based in Birmingham, UK and we have partners delivering projects and supporting clients throughout the country. 
 You can reach us during UK working hours on  0121 663 1710 . During lockdown and social distancing we may answer a little more slower than usual, so for the fastest response please  contact us by email . 
 (C) Copyright 2016-2021 Work Horizons Limited 
