
 About Karen Briggs 
 Articles 
 Freelancers and Copyright 
 Reviews 
 Where To Read Me 
 
  Writing From the Right Side of the Stall  
 Carefully curated musings about the writing life, horses, bitterness and crushing career disappointment. Fun, right? 
 
 Archive for the category "second careers for Standardbreds" 
  18 Sep 2018  
 6 Comments 
 Cone of Shame 
 So much to tell you, gentle readers. So little time and energy available to do so. So, short version. Possibly to be expanded on at some future (relatively soon) date. 
 I'm employed. 
 I know, right? Like,  real  employment. The kind with a T4 (that's the standard tax form reporting your yearly income, non-Canuck visitors). Can't remember the last time I had a T4. 
 After eight years (  ish  … if I'm honest, it was probably more) of marginal employment of various kinds, strangely and suddenly I'm in demand. A bit, anyway. 
 What I'm doing is teaching, at the college level. I've been given the title of professor (which no doubt my father the Ph.D. finds insulting, but just go with it, Dad, cuz tenure isn't a thing anymore). It's a two-year diploma program run under the auspices of the great and terrible machine that is the University of Guelph. Though it's actually in tiny Clinton, which teeters on the edge of the Ontario map somewhere near the Lake Huron shore. We're a subset of the subset of Ridgetown College (the old Ontario Agricultural College, down relatively close to my ancestral stomping grounds of Essex County), which is itself a subset of the University. Not at all confusing. Nuh-uh. 
 Anyway, it's weird and wonderful to realize that  I know when I 'm going to get paid.  And also to realize that, as a result of that, I can for the first time in  years  indulge myself in one or two tiny things that I've been putting off buying pretty much forever. Nothing big -- just stuff like a pot of Clinique moisturizer for my increasingly crinkly face. A new external hard drive (two terrabytes and it's smaller than my phone … whoa). A couple of CDs that have been on my  Amazon wish list  (it's a live link, feel free to indulge me) since Stephen Harper was in office. A second  Kiva  loan, and a donation to a friend who did the  Toronto Walk to Conquer Cancer . Gawd it feels decadent. But given that it's still gonna be six or seven decades (conservatively) before I dig myself out financially, I am not exactly getting unhinged. It's just nice to have slightly less complex knots coiling in my digestive tract whenever I click on my bank balance. 
 So this post isn't really about that. Instead, it's about the  other  job opportunity that came up almost at the same time that I was interviewing for the U of Guelph gig. 
 The posting was for a gubbermint job -- federal, thankfully, rather than provincial. (Given that Ontario has inexplicably elected a noxious, tantruming Trump wannabe as Premier, ain't nobody feeling terribly secure in provincial positions these days.) A small equine research farm affiliated with the  Canadian Pari-Mutuel Agency  was looking for a 'farm operations manager'. Could I look after 12 retired Standardbreds who occasionally have to give a blood or a urine sample, and could I do it for $30-$35 an hour? Why, yes, I believe I could manage that, especially given my fabulous experience as a Test Inspector ( I Stare At Dicks ). The job didn't even require competence in French (unusual for any government position). I mean, sign me the fuck up, right? 
 Now, I rarely expect to actually get called in for interviews anymore. Suffice to say I have learned to keep my expectations subterranean. But of course no sooner had I accepted the Guelph position, than I got contacted about the farm manager position, too. 
 Except that the invitation to interview read rather more like a summons to a parole hearing. I mean, I expect federal communications to be a smidge on the officious side, but fuck  me . I thought at first I must be misinterpreting it, but I sent a copy to a couple of friends and they both thought the tone was a bit NQR too. So, not just me then. 
 Here it is, verbatim: 
 Selection process number:  AGR18J-016947-000353 
 Position title:  Farm Operations Manager 
Group, sub-group and level:  GL-MAN-10 
 
 Dear Karen Briggs: 
 I am pleased to inform you that your application has been assessed and that you are invited to an interview on: 
 Date  : July xx, 2018 
**** Interview time: TBA upon confirmation 
 Location: Jerseyville, Ontario 
Language of Assessment: English 
 It is your responsibility to confirm your availability.  You must reply to this email by  **  July xx, 2018 to confirm participation *  .  All travel expenses will be your responsibility. 
 __  The interview is designed to assess the following merit criteria: 
 
 Ability to supervise 
 Concern for safety 
 Initiative 
 Interactive communication 
 Planning and organizing 
 Problem solving 
 Team Leadership 
 Written communication/Attention to detail 
 
 Knowledge of administrative procedures and human resources practices related to the operation of a horse farm. 
 Knowledge of the general operation and maintenance of farm equipment 
 Knowledge of the mandate of the Canadian Pari-Mutuel Agency’s Equine Drug Control Program. 
 Please bring the following information: 
 1. Names and telephone numbers of 3 references, indicating what type of reference, i.e. Previous Supervisors, Co-workers, Clients or others) as reference checks will be part of the assessment process. 
2. The original of the Personnel Screening, Consent and Authorization Form completed (Level required: Reliability Status) (form attached). 
3. Proof of Education and Certification. 
4. Proof of Canadian citizenship. 
5. Your valid Driver’s Licence. 
 6. Others (First Aid Certification, if applicable). 
 Failure to attend without advance notification and sufficient justification will constitute withdrawal from this appointment process. Acceptable reasons include: 
 **- Medical reasons with doctor’s certificate; ** 
 - Death in the immediate family; 
 - Confirmation of pre-approved travel plans; 
 - Religious reasons. 
 Should you require accommodation during the assessment, you are strongly encouraged to contact  Joyce Adam  at   Jxxx.xxxx@agr.gc.ca  (preferred) or by phone at  613-xxx-xxxx  as soon as possible. 
 Should any situations arise on July xx affecting your ability to attend the interview, please inform   Cxxxxx.Cxxxxx@canada.ca  **** or phone 905-xxx-xxxx. 
 Joyce Adam 
 Canadian Pari-Mutuel Agency / Government of Canada 
Agence canadienne du pari mutuel / Gouvernement du Canada 
 I was a bit put off, frankly. Where were the warm fuzzies? But I figured maybe that was just the sort of passive-aggressive language that multiple layers of bureaucracy generate, so I decided not to take it personally. It was probably spit out by an automatic interview-invite-generator bot. Not having had a death in the family, I went to the interview, basically for shits and giggles since I hadn't officially started my job with the U of Guelph yet, and because I figured I shouldn't cut off my nose to spite my face. 
 The actual interview was also a little strange, though not as off-putting as the language of my engraved invitation. There were two real women who asked me questions, and mercifully refrained from trotting out those cliché HR phrases ("Where do you see yourself in five years? What do you consider your greatest flaw? Tell us about a situation where your boss royally fucked you over and how you handled that?"), for which I was grateful. I got the nickel tour of the farm -- which incidentally is very clandestine, tucked away in a suburb the other side of Hamilton with no signs or indications of any kind that it is a government facility -- and then I went back into the city and took myself to see  Come From Away  (since I was dressed for an interview and all). Go see it. It's good. 
 They'd told me they weren't going to make any decisions till mid-October, which I figured was par for the course for the Feds. No worries. I had a curriculum to pull  out of my ass  together and really didn't give it much more thought. Until I got the following in my inbox today: 
 
 18-AGR-ON-EA-CM-35 (GL-MAN-10) Farm Operations Manager 
 
 
 
 Inbox 
 x 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Harris, Lisa (AAFC/AAC)   xxx.xxxx@canada.ca 
 
 6:06 PM (3 hours ago) |  |
| to karen@kxxxxxx.ca, Ryckenboer 
 Subject 
 Selection process number:  18-AGR-ON-EA-CM-35 
 Position title:  Farm Operations Manager 
 Group, sub-group and level:  GL-MAN-10 
 Dear Ms. Briggs, 
 Following your interview, we regret to inform you that your application will not be given further consideration as you do not meet the following requirement: 
 
 Ability to Supervise 
 Attention to Detail 
 Interactive Communication 
 Written Communication 
 Planning and Organizing 
 Problem Solving 
 Team Leadership 
 
 Should you require additional information, please do not hesitate to contact me at  carol.ryckenboerbarsalou@canada.ca . 
 Yours sincerely, 
 Carol Ryckenboer Barsalou 
 Staffing Operations 
 Corporate Management Branch 
Agriculture and Agri-Food Canada / Government of Canada 
E-mail Address / Tel: 204-259-5564 / TTY: 613-773-2600 
 Opérations de dotation 
 Direction générale de la gestion intégrée 
Agriculture et Agroalimentaire Canada / Gouvernement du Canada 
Adresse de courriel / Tél. : 204-259-5564 / ATS : 613-773-2600 
 … 
 [Message clipped] 
 Well, I could have gotten insulted. My squeeze certainly was -- incensed, actually -- when I read it out loud to him. But honestly, I'm pretty committed to my new teaching responsibilities (read: I am treading water as fast and creatively as I can), so Ag Canada and the CPMA are not breaking my wee fragile heart here. I suspect, actually, that someone fired this form letter off without remembering to further personalize it beyond my name at the top, and that they didn't actually intend to malign basically every job skill I've got. 
 But I did figure it merited some sort of response. And since I enjoy a nice bit of fuckery, when aimed towards those who deserve it, this is what I sent: 
 
 
 
 9:37 PM (0 minutes ago) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 to lisa.harris, carol.ryckenboerbarsalou 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Dear Ms. Ryckenboer Barsalou (and, presumably, Ms. Harris), 
 Thank you for your correspondence. That is QUITE a list of personal failings, and I appreciate you bringing them to my attention. I'm particularly embarrassed by my inadequate written communication skills: six published books and some 5000 published magazine and newspaper articles are, really, too humiliating a total to mention on a curriculum vitae, and obviously indicate that the demands of the position would have had me floundering. Please accept my gratitude for the narrow escape. 
 All is not lost, however. I recently accepted a position as a college professor with the University of Guelph's diploma program in Equine Care and Management, where I'm confident my multiple deficiencies in communication and leadership will go largely unnoticed. 
 All the best to your successful candidate. 
 Cordially, 
 Karen Briggs. 
 I can pretty much guarantee you I will never be considered for another government job. 
 Rate this: 
 Share this: 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 More 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 Pocket 
 
 
 
 Telegram 
 
 
 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  education ,  employment ,  horse care ,  job search ,  journalism ,  making a living ,  second careers for Standardbreds ,  snark ,  stable management ,  teaching ,  writing  and tagged  Agriculture Canada ,  Canadian Pari-Mutuel Agency ,  college professor ,  CPMA ,  Equine Care and Management diploma ,  government job ,  not the right candidate ,  obnoxious job postings ,  personal failings ,  real employment ,  University of Guelph 
  01 Mar 2018  
 2 Comments 
 So I Did A Podcast … 
 … for Emma Van Wyngarden's  The Horse C ure : 
 https://tracking.podiant.co/d/spoke/thehorsecure/episodes/audio/35ff01243b6ff0.mp3 
 I hope I don't sound like an idiot. Emma was great -- many thanks to her! Go listen to her other podcasts, and share that shit around, after you listen to this one. 
 Rate this: 
 Share this: 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 More 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 Pocket 
 
 
 
 Telegram 
 
 
 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  ex-racehorse ,  harness racing ,  monte racing ,  pacer ,  podcasts ,  public relations ,  racing under saddle ,  re-training a racehorse ,  retired racehorses ,  riding a Standardbred ,  second careers for Standardbreds ,  Standardbreds ,  Thoroughbreds ,  trotter ,  Woodbine racetrack  and tagged  harness racing ,  Mohawk racetrack ,  Ontario Standardbred Adoption Society ,  racing under saddle ,  retraining a Standardbred ,  Standardbred second careers ,  Standardbreds ,  Standardbreds under saddle ,  teaching a Standardbred to canter ,  underrated riding horse ,  Windsor Raceway ,  Woodbine racetrack 
  22 Oct 2015  
 10 Comments 
 A Soft Spot for Standardbreds 
 I have a big, squishy soft spot for Standardbreds. (Like the banner photo at the top of the blog wasn't a bloody obvious tipoff on that.) 
 Probably has something to do with having grown up just a few klicks down the road from Windsor Raceway. Essex County was jughead country, once upon a time -- that's really all there was in terms of horseflesh, apart from a smattering of Quarter Horses. I did my time grooming at the track, learning to adjust hobbles and wrap legs and clean a shit tonne of harness and pretending to drink the nasty coffee the farriers were kind enough to hand me when I took my charges to the backstretch shed to get their shoes reset. (Never been a coffee drinker.) And I dealt with my share of razzing from the other grooms, who figured I was just a clueless ridin' hoss kid. (Yeah, guys, I knew there was no such thing as stifle boots. I wasn't  that  green.) 
 Of course, my rescuing instincts kicked in early, encouraged by the fact that newbie grooms aren't generally handed the stable's superstars to rub on. Of the four under-performing horses I was responsible for, I found après-racing homes for two in short order -- a gorgeous gray Laag descendant who had two of the worst bowed tendons I'd ever seen, and a cute little bay nicknamed Toby, who looked more like a Morgan than a Standardbred, and became a beloved trail horse for a friend of mine. The first horses I ever broke to ride on my own were Standardbreds, too -- the very first being a 13-year-old pacer named O O Charlie, who swung his head around to peer at me when I first climbed on his back, raised one sardonic eyebrow which clearly said, "Humans and their damn fool ideas", and then quietly got on with his new job. 
 
 I've always done what I could to promote the idea of Standardbreds as riding horses -- because, let's face it, without that opportunity for them once their racing careers are done, the only other options are a can … or a home with the Mennonites. There's a large Mennonite community west of Toronto, and they go through a lot of horses, but in many cases they buy them for practically nothing off the track, pound them into the ground in a year or two (you only have to see the condition of some of these horses, trotting or pacing furiously down the side of Highway 86 next to the transport trucks and school buses, to know  they're not long for this world ), and then dump them for meat price at the auction in St. Jacob's, pick up another, and start the cycle all over again. I'm not saying the entire Mennonite community subscribes to this approach -- there are some amazing horsemen among them -- but too many do for anyone to think that such a fate is likely to be good news for an ex-racehorse who's already given his all. 
 As riding horses, though, Standardbreds suffer from something of a branding problem. To some degree, I blame the  lack of chrome. Standies tend to come in bay, bay, or bay, with a minimum of white markings to bling them up. Chestnuts are rare, grays and roans even rarer. Not a lot of flash there to attract the average ammie owner. 
 Historically, they're also … well, kind of ugly. Jughead, buckethead … at one time, the name fit. They don't race on their faces, so it was never an issue at the track, but given the choice between a big Roman nose and a little Arab-y dished face, most riders will go for pretty. The reality is that Standardbreds over the past 30 years or so have become far, far more refined and elegant than they used to be, and the big clunky heads are all but gone from the gene pool, but a lot of people don't realize that. 
 Then there's the gaited thing. Standardbreds come in two varieties: trotters, and pacers. Trotters have the normal three gaits -- walk, trot, and canter -- but the pacers have an extra gear, the lateral two-beat gait that endows them with blinding speed (pacers are generally a second or two faster over a mile than trotters are, which is why there are separate divisions for each gait and they don't race each other). The tendency to pace is there even in some of the trotters, and the pacers  can  be taught to trot; in fact, they often prefer it when not in racing hobbles, but tend to revert to pacing when they get discombobulated. Trouble with that is, pacing ain't the most comfortable thing under saddle, and most  competitive horse sports require trotting. There are few dressage tests, for example, written for "trot or alternate gait". (Interestingly, many pacers can be encouraged, with the right training and shoeing, to perform some version of a single-foot or racking gait, like many other types of gaited horses. It's kind of an intermediate between trotting and pacing, and very smooth to sit to when done correctly. Not a whole lot of call for it here in Ontario, though, where interest in gaited horses is a fringe thing at best.) 
 In addition, while Standardbreds are  absolutely  capable of cantering and galloping, they have been actively discouraged from doing so all of their racing lives. To go from trotting or pacing, to galloping, in a race, is called 'making a break', and it means the driver must get the hell out of the way of the horses who are still moving their feet in the approved way, drop to the back of the pack, and resume trotting or pacing before rejoining the race. Generally, it means you've got no shot at a paycheque, so in harness racing, galloping is verboten, and it can be a tough training hurdle to convince an ex-racehorse that it's now okay to use that gear, both because of the inhibition cemented in their brains by race training, and because most of them are frankly rusty at doing it. Canter  can  be added to any Standardbred's repertoire, but it takes patience and persistence (and sometimes some creativity) to make it happen. 
 So those are the marketing challenges. On the up side, there's lots to like. Standardbreds are tough, athletic, intelligent, eager to please, and temperament-wise I have to admit they are way more tolerant and sensible than your average off-the-track Thoroughbred. (As a lifelong owner of OTTBs, I say that with love.) Those who have racing experience will cross-tie, stand for the vet and the farrier, load on any trailer. And not to overstate the obvious, but they come broke to drive. Riding is a pretty simple transition for horses who already understand voice commands, rein aids, and mouth contact. 
 Plus, they're generally dirt cheap. Or free to a good home. 
 Organizations like the  Ontario Standardbred Adoption Society  are doing excellent work promoting Standies as  potential riding horses, and the recent upswing in interest in " racing under saddle" (RUS) in Ontario  is helping too. "Monte" races (as they're called in Europe) have always been popular in Scandinavia, and the RUS circuit here is growing every year. (Note to trainers: I so want to do this! Gimme a horse and some silks, and I will give it my best shot!) 
 So as I've expanded my interest in judging over the past few years, it was kind of a natural development for me to end up judging schooling shows for Standardbreds. 
 Yes, Standardbred shows are a thing. A fairly recent thing, in Ontario at least, but it's evolving into a nice little circuit of a half-dozen shows or so over the course of each summer. The idea is to showcase the versatility of the breed, so as a judge, you better be pretty damn versatile yourself. 
 So how does  that  work? At a minimum, you've got to be prepared to cover showmanship, halter, leadline classes, pleasure and equitation, dressage, trail, gaming (barrel racing, pole bending, and the like), pleasure driving, obstacle driving (aka "cones"), hunter and jumper classes over fences, costume classes … and pretty much anything else the show organizers can come up with. We're talking both English and Western classes, open and youth (under 18) … with allowances made for gaits. For many of these horses, canter or lope is still a work in progress, so competitors can enter a flat class which only requires walk, and trot or pace (pacing is not penalized as long as it is consistent), or they can be brave and go for the walk/trot-or-pace/canter option (or walk/jog-or-pace/lope in the case of Western classes). 
 You do need to be open-minded to do this job. Some of the horses who'll turn up in the show ring have had years of mileage under saddle, and could easily compete in open shows anywhere without anyone being the wiser about their former careers (unless, of course, the white freezebrands on their necks give them away). Some of them do. Others are still fairly fresh to this whole riding thing, and are coping with the new requirements as best they can. Some -- and this still blows me away -- compete in these shows while still maintaining active racing careers! So, you know, you make allowances. On the whole, I find most Standardbreds adapt to the requirements of English classes a little more easily than they do Western -- I have yet to judge a Western pleasure class at a Standardbred show where any of the horses was really delivering a slow jog or a balanced, slow lope (but then again, given the  current state of the 'real' Western pleasure industry , that's not entirely a bad thing, methinks). There's a fair bit of zooming around, and refraining from posting to that big trot (or pace) is a tall order, but on the up side, a fair number of Standardbreds do suit Western fringes and sequins surprisingly well. And lemmee tell you, I enjoy the hell out of those blingy outfits, because it helps me differentiate between all the bay entries on my judge's card. I can scribble "turquoise hat" or "purple saddle pad" or "giant silver hearts" at the beginning of the class, and it makes finding each entry at a glance a lot easier. Not so with the English classes, where the attire tends to be much of a muchness just like the horses! 
 The halter classes are something of a challenge, too. Generally, in a halter class, you are rewarding conformation of a certain type, and blemishes are penalized. If I penalized blemishes in a Standardbred halter class, there'd be no-one left to pin a ribbon to. Most of these old warriors have some sort of track jewellery on display -- so my job is more about deciding whether pin-fire marks on the front cannons are less or more objectionable than a big knee or a pair of extensively cryo'ed hocks. (Cryo is about treating injuries with super-cold liquid nitrogen, and it leaves tell-tale white marks when the hair grows back in.) I try to step back and take in the big picture on each horse, rather than nitpick about the scars. Is he balanced and athletic? Does he look the part for the class in which he's entered (ie. is he more of an English type, or Western, or even Saddleseat)? Can he keep out of his own way, and is he groomed within an inch of his life and presented with pride? That's my thought process for these classes. 
 The awesome thing about these horses, and their extremely devoted owners, is that they'll often compete in just about every class for which they're eligible, all day long, and never complain. They'll often do all the English classes in the morning (mom in the open classes, and a son or daughter in the tack for the junior division), switch to Western in the afternoon, and hook up to a jog-bike or a Meadowbrook for the end-of-day driving classes … and then come back in the costume class festooned with feather boas, finger paint, and giant sunflowers. That's a tall order for any horse, let alone one who came to his or her riding career relatively late in life. I'll be honest: they may not necessarily be fulfilling all the requirements of every class extraordinarily  well . Sometimes what's happening in front of me wouldn't quite cut it in an open show, competing against other breeds. But that's kind of the point: the Standardbred shows give them a place to try out new skills in front of people who are going to cheer rather than sneer. It's a hugely supportive environment, and everyone tries so  damn hard  , I often have tremendous difficulty awarding the placings. I want them all to win. What's more, they're upping their game every year. When I compare what I saw at the first of these shows I ever judged, five or six years ago, to what I witnessed in 2015, I'm amazed at how far so many of these riders and horses have come. 
 It's not a judging gig that everyone would relish. It's a little outside the norm of a typical hunter schooling show, where I generally watch horses go over the same one or two outside-diagonal-outside-diagonal courses all fricking day, first at two feet, then two-foot-three, then two-foot-six, then … you get the gist. With so many classes, Standardbred shows can also make for a helluva long day. But I get a huge kick out of them, and I hope we start to see more of them outside Ontario soon. (Ahem. Have clipboard, will travel …) 
 Further reading on second careers for Standardbreds: 
 From Trot magazine: My article on the adoption of Primetime Bobcat:  Ninth Life of One Cool Cat 
 From the United States Trotting Association website, my coverage of one of the first RUS races in Ontario in 2011:  Trotters Do It Under Saddle At Georgian Downs 
 From the Daily Racing Form:  Plenty of Life After Racing 
 From Standardbred Canada:   Life After Racing 
 Info on the Ontario Standardbred show series:  Standardbred Showcase 
 And here's a new article which sheds some light on the canter thing:  Why Some Standardbreds Canter More Easily Than Others 
 Rate this: 
 Share this: 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 More 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 Pocket 
 
 
 
 Telegram 
 
 
 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  ex-racehorse ,  harness racing ,  monte racing ,  pacer ,  racing under saddle ,  re-training a racehorse ,  retired racehorses ,  riding a Standardbred ,  second careers for Standardbreds ,  Standardbreds ,  trotter  and tagged  bowed tendons ,  cryo marks ,  harness racing ,  judging schooling shows ,  jugheads ,  jumping Standardbreds ,  pacers ,  pleasure driving ,  racing under saddle ,  retired racehorse ,  riding Standardbreds ,  second careers for Standardbreds ,  Standardbred Showcase ,  Standardbreds ,  trotters 
 Post Navigation 
 
 
 Go on. You know you want to ... 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this rubbish and receive very infrequent notifications of new posts. 
 Join 1,577 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow, dammit! 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 A Short History of Certain Western Men Attempting To Explain Why Women Love Horses 
 The tediousness of food blogs. 
 Baby, It's Bad Out There 
 Authority Figure 
 Cone of Shame 
 Out of the Mouths of Babes 
 Lost Souls 
 Rabbit Hole 
 So I Did A Podcast … 
 Groundhog Day Grumblings 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 January 2021  (1) 
 June 2019  (1) 
 December 2018  (2) 
 September 2018  (1) 
 August 2018  (1) 
 June 2018  (1) 
 May 2018  (1) 
 March 2018  (1) 
 February 2018  (1) 
 January 2018  (1) 
 December 2017  (1) 
 November 2017  (2) 
 May 2016  (1) 
 April 2016  (1) 
 February 2016  (1) 
 October 2015  (3) 
 September 2015  (1) 
 August 2015  (3) 
 July 2015  (1) 
 June 2015  (1) 
 December 2014  (1) 
 November 2014  (1) 
 September 2014  (1) 
 July 2014  (1) 
 January 2014  (3) 
 December 2013  (1) 
 October 2013  (1) 
 August 2013  (2) 
 June 2013  (3) 
 May 2013  (1) 
 April 2013  (2) 
 March 2013  (4) 
 February 2013  (1) 
 January 2013  (2) 
 December 2012  (2) 
 November 2012  (2) 
 October 2012  (3) 
 September 2012  (1) 
 August 2012  (1) 
 July 2012  (2) 
 June 2012  (4) 
 May 2012  (5) 
 April 2012  (5) 
 March 2012  (7) 
 February 2012  (4) 
 January 2012  (5) 
 December 2011  (3) 
 November 2011  (3) 
 October 2011  (2) 
 
 
 
 Global Visitors 
 
 
 
 
 
 [ 
 ](http://hay-net.co.uk) 
 
 
 Karen Briggs, freelance journalist 
 
 
 
 Karen Briggs, freelance journalist 
 
 
 
 Loverly Blogs 
 
 Amy Dragoo Photography 
 Bad Jelly – trying retro recipes so you don't have to 
 Bad Science 
 Bad Science Debunked 
 BioScientific 
 Biosingularity 
 Bob the Equestrian 
 Bondi Resort Blog 
 Canadian Magazines 
 Dangerous Talk 
 Dmax Photographic 
 Doubtful 
 Dreams of Whitetail Deer 
 Dressage Curmudgeon 
 Eventing Nation 
 Galleycat 
 Here There Be Dragons …. 
 Horse Fancy Dress Ideas 
 Images by Ceci 
 Journalism is Screwed 
 Media Culpa 
 Mind Candy 
 No Biz Like Horsebiz 
 Overheard in the Newsroom 
 Pitching the World 
 Respectful Insolence 
 Retraction Watch 
 Rodney's Saga 
 Sci-Why 
 Science Based Medicine 
 Science Daily 
 Sharon Biggs Waller's blog 
 Shit Photojournalists Like 
 Show Me the Money 
 Skeptic Ink Network (and more Dangerous Talk) 
 SkeptVet 
 Slight Detour 
 Story Board: A Meeting Place for Canada's Independent Journalists 
 Stuff Journalists Like 
 Terrible Minds 
 The Blithe Traveler 
 The Bloggess 
 The Carrot 
 The Cognitive Horse 
 The Pixelated Image 
 The Scorpion and the Frog 
 The Six-Figure Freelancer 
 The Sweet Feed 
 This is Not That Blog 
 Worms and Germs 
 
 
 
 Tweet thoughts … 
 
 Snow pony. . . .  #thoroughbredsofinstagram   #spikeisagoodegg   #winterpony   #northernhorsekeeping   #ontarioweather …   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   18 hours ago 
 Win a Schleese saddle!   vy.tc/kt0Kr59   1 month ago 
 Want to win Enter For A Chance To Win A County Saddle!? I just entered to win and you can too.   gvwy.io/8w107q96   1 month ago 
 Follow @ridexc 
 
 
 
 
 
 NetworkedBlog 
 
 
 
 
 NetworkedBlogs 
 Blog: 
 Writing From the Right Side of the Stall 
 Topics: 
 Horses ,  Freelance Writing ,  Journalism 
 Follow my blog 
 
 
 
 
 
 Speak to me! 
 
 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
