Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Program Director, Aging In Place Challenge Program 
 National Research Council Canada 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Help bring research to life and drive your career forward with the National Research Council of Canada (NRC), Canada’s largest research and technology organization. 
 We are looking for a Program Director to lead the Aging in Place Challenge Program to support our Executive Offices. The Program Director would be someone who shares our core values of Integrity, Excellence, Respect and Creativity. 
 It is largely recognized that Canada must prepare for the unique financial and healthcare pressures associated with our rapidly aging population. Most importantly, quality of life for our older Canadians is best maintained if they live independently for as long as possible. The U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention defines aging in place as "the ability to live in one's own home and community safely, independently, and comfortably, regardless of age, income, or ability level. Technology and research are enablers for aging in place whether if it is for better communication, engagement, health and wellness, learning or for greater safety and security. Also caregiving technologies, for those who care for older adults, can provide a more effective means to providing personalized help or care. 
 As Program Director, you will consult with partners and stakeholders on the Program approach, set the outcomes, build the team, establish the research program and its supporting projects, and then lead the program to achievement of the target outcomes. As Program Director, for this 5-7 year program, you will build and lead a multi-disciplinary, collaborative research team to develop a program that will directly support the research and technology needs of the Aging in Place Challenge Program as well as the broader innovation needs of Canada’s economy. 
 Under your leadership, the Program will bring together government, academic and business researchers. This will consist of a core team of dedicated research, technical, and program management staff drawn from a variety of NRC's national research centres including, but not limited to, Construction, Medical Devices, Digital Technologies, and Emerging Technologies Research Centres. This program will build upon the expertise of over 50 NRC staff as well as NRC facilities across Canada. The program will also leverage over $20M in Grants and Contribution to foster engagement with stakeholders from industry and academia. 
 To successfully do so, you will have experience as a researcher, leading large team research programs, and managing financial and human resources. You will have the experience and attributes required to inspire and lead collaborative multidisciplinary teams with expertise in a wide array of disciplines such as structural and materials engineering, analytics and human factors for smart construction solutions, biomedical engineering, remote sensing, IoT, and information and communications technologies. National and international external partners will also be required to provide expertise in gerontology, cognition, and other areas. 
 You will be part of NRC's Transportation and Manufacturing Division, initially reporting directly to the Vice-President, but expected to work collaboratively with other Research Centres across NRC. 
 This is a unique opportunity to play a leadership role in advancing science, platform technologies, prototypes and products to support a healthier, yet more engaged and connected older adult population in Canada as well as effectively alleviate some of the financial and healthcare pressures on the Canadian system while developing innovative solutions that can be commercialized globally by Canadian companies. 
 Screening Criteria 
 Applicants must demonstrate within the content of their application that they meet the following screening criteria in order to be given further consideration as candidates: 
 Education 
 A graduate university degree in engineering or in a science field relevant to the position. Preference may be given to candidates with a combination of science/engineering experience and business education. 
 For information on certificates and diplomas issued abroad, please see Degree equivalency 
 Experience 
Significant experience developing strategic program plans and the associated metrics for discovery oriented work. 
In depth experience working in the Canadian and international context around Program specific technologies: industries, forums, trends, the issues and dynamics that impact them and the engagement needed to keep this knowledge current. 
Extensive and recent experience in providing strategic advice and counsel to senior level executives including Presidents, Vice Presidents and/or other equivalent positions in the public or private sectors, on complex initiatives. 
Significant business experience within the relevant scientific and technological domains gained through experience with industry, government or other partnerships. 
Significant experience managing partnerships including contributions, terms of engagement, reporting and IP ownership. 
Experience working with governments, academia and industries in a research environment. 
Experience supervising and developing both direct and indirect staff in multidisciplinary teams, ideally in a matrix environment of projects and programs. 
Significant and recently demonstrated experience in applying the principles, tools and practices of administrative, financial, and human resource management. 
Experience in leading, planning, monitoring and re-aligning studies, projects or strategic initiatives within a fast-paced and complex environment. 
Experience in designing and delivering strong impact presentations to various audiences. 
Condition of Employment 
 Secret (II) 
 Language requirements 
 Bilingual Imperative CBC/CBC 
 Note:  In the event that no qualified bilingual candidates are identified, NRC may consider unilingual candidates who will be required to commit to achieving these levels within two years. 
 Information on language requirements and self-assessment tests 
 Assessment Criteria 
 Candidates will be assessed on the basis of the following criteria: 
 Technical Competencies 
Knowledge of the NRC, and its mandate, programs and awareness of the characteristics and special requirements of an innovation program and scientific research environment. 
Expert knowledge of R&D management, including strategic planning, in an environment whose main features are matrix management; high interdisciplinary; and multi-partner participation in mission-critical roles. 
Expert knowledge of the relevant field and its applications in a broad range of sectors, including current and emerging trends globally. 
Expert knowledge of the players, dynamics, and business models of industry sectors in quantum sciences and technologies as well as the related R&D fields nationally and internationally. 
Significant knowledge of policies and sound practices related to contract management, financial management, human resources, and procurement management. 
Knowledge of strategic marketing, and the practices and principles of negotiating and securing business and partnership relationships. 
Demonstrated ability to autonomously evaluate, manage and assume risks for large scale R&D projects. 
Behavioural Competencies 
Competency Profile(s) 
Inspirational Leadership (Level 3) 
Strategic Outlook and Alignment (Level 3) 
Drive for Results and Efficiency (Level 4) 
Leverage Collaborative Relationships (Level 3) 
Financial Management (Level 3) 
Client Relationship Management (Level 3) 
Industry Sector Knowledge (Level 3) 
Self-awareness (Level 4) 
Action management (Level 4) 
People Management (Level 3) 
 For this position, the NRC will evaluate candidates using the following competency profile(s): Management Competencies (MG) 
 Relocation 
 Relocation assistance will be determined in accordance with the NRC's directives. 
 Salary Range 
 From $125,300 to $150,300 per annum. 
 Notes 
A pre-qualified list may be established for similar positions for a one year period. 
NRC employees enjoy a wide-range of benefits including comprehensive health and dental plans, pension and insurance plans, vacation and other leave entitlements. 
Preference will be given to Canadian Citizens and Permanent Residents of Canada. Please include citizenship information in your application. 
The incumbent must adhere to safe workplace practices at all times. 
 Please direct your questions, with the requisition number (7935) to: 
 E-mail:  NRC.NRCHiring-EmbaucheCNRC.CNRC@nrc-cnrc.gc.ca 
 Telephone:  613-990-1679 
 Closing Date:  27 November 2019 - 23:59 Eastern Time 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
