Skip to content 
  Working, living & Travelling in Ireland  
 Main Menu 
 
 Working in Ireland Menu Toggle
 
 Foreign Language jobs in Ireland 
 Jobs/ job announcements in Ireland 
 Recruitment Agencies Ireland 
 
 
 Living in Ireland Menu Toggle
 
 Accommodation in Ireland 
 Help with feeling down ? 
 
 
 Travel Menu Toggle
 
 Gort Cycle Trails in the Burren Lowlands Menu Toggle
 
 Ardrahan Drumharsna Castle and Old Irish Milestones Looped Cycle Trail 
 Labane to Bingham Mausoleum in Adrahan looped cycle 
 
 
 
 
 About me! 
 Work With Me! Menu Toggle
 
 Small business interviews West of Ireland 
 
 
 Have a question? Contact me ! 
 
 Gilte Groupe -100-200 New Jobs in Dublin and Limerick! 
 Leave a Comment  /  Uncategorized  / By    Katleen  
 Dear Readers, 
 First of all, I'd like to wish you all a very happy Easter! 
 I came across this announcement on the website of  IDA . 
19/04/2011Gilt Groupe Establishes International HQ in Ireland with creation of 100 – 200 jobs 
 Leading lifestyle e-commerce retailer establishes Software Development Centre in Dublin 
 Customer Support Centre to open in Limerick in September 
 
 ** 
** 
 Limerick and Dublin – Minister for Finance Michael Noonan TD announced today that Gilt Groupe, an innovative online shopping destination, has established its International Headquarters and Software Development Centre in Dublin and will also open a Customer Support Centre in Limerick. The company anticipates it will create between 100 and 200 jobs in the next couple of years with the support of IDA Ireland. This marks the first European operation for the company, and the company hopes to see strong growth in the region over the coming years. 
 Gilt Groupe is establishing a Customer Support Centre in Limerick and will locate its International HQ and Software Development Centre in Dublin. Recruitment will commence for senior software engineering and technology roles in Dublin immediately to own and accelerate some of the Company’s most critical product development projects. It is anticipated that Gilt Groupe’s Customer Support Centre will be operational in Limerick by September. It is envisaged that employment will be split equally between the two sites. 
 Gilt Groupe, www.gilt.com, is an innovative online shopping destination offering its over 3.5 million members special access to the most inspiring merchandise and experiences every day, many at insider prices. Gilt continually searches the world for the most coveted brands, including fashion for women, men and children, home décor, hotels and travel experiences on every continent, and unique activities in a growing list of cities and destinations. 
 To read the full article, please click  here    To check out their current vacancies, click  here 
 Enjoy those Easter Eggs, wherever they have come from in your part of the  world ! 
 Katleen 
 Share this: 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 Pocket 
 
 
 More 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share this 
 
 
 
 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous Post 
 Next Post -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Workinglivingtravellinginireland 
 
 Workinglivingtravellinginireland 
 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Pages 
 
 About me! 
 Accommodation in Ireland 
 Foreign Language jobs in Ireland 
 Google Local Guide 
 Gort Cycle Trails in the Burren Lowlands 
 Have a question? Contact me ! 
 Help with feeling down ? 
 Jobs/ job announcements in Ireland 
 Living in Ireland 
 Recruitment Agencies Ireland 
 Small business interviews West of Ireland 
 Travel 
 Work With Me! 
 Working in Ireland 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 51,464 hits 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 Working, living & Travelling in Ireland | Powered by  Astra WordPress Theme 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
