  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
 
 Freelance Online Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Find the best freelancers for your project here 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/) 
 13 hours ago 
 Odoo - Quickbooks Online Conector enhancement  plus client 
 Published: 13 hours ago  Deadline: 24 Bids: 1 
 We currently have a module that integrates QBO-Odoo developed by Pragmatic Tech purchased from the Odoo APP store. This development requires adding functionalities to said module. These functionalities are: 
1. 
 Automate product creation /update from Odoo <=> QBO 
2.    Automate customer creation/update from Odoo <=> QBO 
3.    Automate inventory update Odoo <=> QBO 
4. 
 Automate Invoice update Odoo <=> QBO 
5.    Automate payment informaction Odoo <=> QBO 
The freelancer must consider the following tips: 
•    Actually both systems has vital information (Some invoices exist in QBO and not in Odoo) 
•    We have developer instance for Odoo 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Small 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Other (Other APIs) 
 Published by:  A. G. Last reply: 6 hours ago  Peru Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 100 - 250 
 15 minutes ago 
 Description creator for products 
 Published: 15 minutes ago  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 0 
 Production description creator required, No copied content, fresh writer, interesting writer, looking for long term need two people. 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Writing for websites 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Full time 
 Published by:  D. C. United States 
 USD 20 - 30 / hour 
 3 hours ago 
 Sales representative 
 Published: 3 hours ago  Project duration: 1 - 4 weeks Bids: 0 
 sales customer service at phone attention customer service answer claims sales representative and Spanish and English everything customer service 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : E-mail marketing 
 Published by:  I. B. United States 
 Less than USD 10 / hour 
 41 minutes ago 
 Logo desinger for social media agency 
 Published: 41 minutes ago  Bids: 1 
 Looking to add Logo design as a service for my agency and therefore need a Graphic Designer with Great Communication and Expertise to join my team. Please provide your portfolio in your cover letter as well as starting your proposal with the work "Watermelon" to confirm that you've read this description . 
Hop to hear from you soon. 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Logo design 
 What do you need?  : Create a new logo from a sketch 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Logo type  : Seal (A logo framed within a shape (rectangle, oval, etc.)) 
 Published by:  P. V. Last reply: 15 minutes ago  Russian Federation 
 USD 100 - 250 
 6 hours ago 
 Health App 
 Published: 6 hours ago  Bids: 3 
 The purpose of this project is to connect people with doctors from all over the country that specialize in whatever type of medicine and issue that they are seeking help for. I require that the app be able to run in both Android and Apple platforms and have a log in section both for the patients and the doctors. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Apps programming. Android, iOS and others 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have an idea 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Required platforms  : iPhone, Android, iPad 
 I need to  : Create an app 
 App type  : Management - Management application (appointments, product stock, etc.) 
 Similar apps  : Other 
 Back-end is required  : Yes 
 Payment gateway  : Yes 
 Published by:  M. P. Last reply: 4 hours ago  United States 
 USD 250 - 500 
 1 hour ago 
 Seo Writers (Bilingual French-English) 
 Published: 1 hour ago  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 0 
 The candidate will be required to generate content for our blog and write original content after sound research on given topics. You will be writing 1500-word SEO articles. Keywords will be provided. 
 We're looking for experienced and awesome French SEO content writers who can: 
 1. Develop original content for websites 
2. Develop SEO friendly Articles/Blogs 
3. 
Develop content for marketing collaterals 
4. Other marketing / SEO duties as assigned 
5. Impeccable English, grammar, and spelling are mandatory. 
 Are you a good fit? Check your qualifications! 
 1. Excellent French verbal and written communication skills 
2. Flexible Writing Styles 
3. 
Working knowledge of SEO and how it applies to Content Marketing 
4. Self Motivated 
5. At least 1-year work experience in digital marketing (working with SAAS company is preferred, but not required) 
 Interested? Please fill up our application form so we can start with the screening process: https://strk.l 
y/28t 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Writing for websites 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Full time 
 Published by:  F. E. Philippines 
 Less than USD 10 / hour 
 6 hours ago 
 Solar Appointment Setting Representative 
 Published: 6 hours ago  Bids: 1 
 About our Client : 
 Join a residential solar company with a track record of success for the last 10 years. Our customer-focused client has succeeded because of their strong reputation, values, and leadership. If you are looking for a long-term career with a collaborative team that is passionate about employment career progression, this is the right place for you! 
 About the Opportunity : 
 Looking for talented outgoing Freelancers who are passionate about innovation, energy, and delivering the best possible service to their customers. 
We are seeking highly motivated professionals to join their Appointment Setting Team. Representatives are at the forefront of customer acquisition, in this position; you will participate in the sales process by generating leads and soliciting qualified homes for solar. 
 Responsibilities : 
 You will work with a team that is connecting with homeowners. You will educate homeowners on the solar industry and help schedule them to meet with one of our clients' exceptional sales representatives. 
Willing to work between 09 am and 09 pm est 
 this successful candidate will have excellent people skills and be able to demonstrate the value of meeting with one of our sales representatives. 
 Problem-solving orientation, highly persuasive, self-disciplined, and honest. 
Incredible level of reliability and independence. 
Develop and maintain a thorough understanding of competitors. 
 Achieve goals 
Represent our client and its brand with the utmost integrity. 
 Experience and Qualifications : 
 Must be self-driven, highly motivated with high energy, winning attitude. 
Ability to work under stress to meet deadlines and quotas. 
Ability to prioritize and multitask appropriately. 
 Articulate with excellent communication and customer service skills. 
Proven experience as an Appointment Setter, Sales Representative, or similar will be advantageous. 
Outstanding listening skills and attention to detail. 
 Professional and courteous disposition. 
Persuasive and results-oriented. 
Punctual & organized 
 Compensation: 
 Competitive Base Salary with uncapped commissions and bonuses. 
 Career path opportunities for top performers. 
 Equal Employment Opportunity Statement : 
 Customer Care Center and all of our clients are equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, our clients comply with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. 
 It is our passion for search and career placement that really sets us apart. Our goal is to provide a quality hiring and onboarding process to each and every one of our candidates. We will be your advocate from your first interview screen until the day you begin your new opportunity. 
It is imperative to us that your first experience with our client is a positive one. 
 Customer Care Center Recruitment : 
 Customer Care Center Recruitment Services is a true strategic partner in all aspects of search and placement. We bring a wealth of knowledge and success in placing candidates into positions from entry to the C-Level. Our customisable approach to recruitment services helps our partners build their best hiring practices, employee development programs and retention goals. 
It is our passion for search and career placement that really sets us apart. Our goal is to provide a quality hiring and onboarding process to each and every one of our candidates. We will be your advocate from your first interview screen until the day you begin your new opportunity. 
It is imperative to us that your first experience with our client is a positive one. 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Sales Executive 
 Project size  : Medium 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  C. C. C. United States 
 USD 500 - 1,000 
 1 hour ago 
 Company logo 
 Published: 1 hour ago  Bids: 2 
 I wanted to renew the company logo because its feels outdated. I need the logo to be simple, strong and elegant with blue and red key color. 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Logo design 
 What do you need?  : Create a new logo from a sketch 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Logo type  : Seal (A logo framed within a shape (rectangle, oval, etc.)) 
 Published by:  I. Indonesia 
 Less than USD 50 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
