Notice! 
 Welcome to Working Solutions. We offer independent contractor, work-at-home opportunities for folks located in either the  United States  or  Canada . 
 We do not  accept applicants located outside of the  United States  and  Canada . 
 Read our blogs __ 
 ⨯ 
    Open Menu 
 
 About
 
 About Us 
 News 
 Culture 
 Contact Us 
 
 
 Resources
 
 Blog 
 Work-at-Home Hacks 
 Tech Hacks 
 Life Hacks 
 Video 
 
 
 Start Here
 
 How to Apply 
 Technology Needed 
 
 
 FAQs 
 Opportunities 
 Apply __ 
 
 By Kristin Skiko 
 __May 14, 2019 
 How Switching from a Traditional Office to Working from Home Changes Your Career and Life 
 __ 
 Filed under:  Work at Home Hacks 
 For some, working remotely is a want. For others, it represents a need. Regardless of which group you’re in, you should know a work-at-home career is not just an alternative to a traditional, 9-5 office job. 
 Working from home is actually life-changing. 
 How exactly does it transform your lifestyle? Read this article to discover a few meaningful changes you can experience if you decide to take this important step. 
 
 More Time and Money to Spend However You Want 
 Commuting to the office is one of the biggest downsides of working in a traditional setting. Whether you are driving or taking public transportation, commutes are an obvious time drain. 
 In fact, according to recent reports, the time people  spend commuting is getting longer . And it’s expensive, too. 
 According to recent reports , in countries with the highest commuting costs, U.S. workers spend more than  388 hours  and  $14,600+  traveling to and from work. And that’s just in one year. 
 Trending 
 How to Transform a Small Area into Your Work-from-home Space 
 When working from home, you can regain control of your time and money and choose to use them  in meaningful ways . This gives you an instant feeling of empowerment and, of course, more resources for the things you enjoy. 
 Plus, chances are you’ll feel less stressed in your everyday life. That’s because you won’t have to worry about traffic making you late for work or not getting home in time for dinner because of public transportation delays. 
 
 You’ll Get to Be More Present in Your Family’s Life 
 If you are a working parent, then you know the struggles of having to balance family life and a career, which involves going to a traditional office. 
 There’s that constant concern about what’s going on at home and that lingering thought of something important occurring when you are not there. 
 When your home doubles as your office, you can be there when your kids arrive from school. You also can adjust your work schedule based on what else is happening in your life. 
 Most important, you can  devote more time to your family while also feeling professionally fulfilled  , which will positively impact your family life. 
 Plus, you’ll no longer feel like you have to choose between being a parent and earning a living, and thus, replace that sense of guilt with one of contentment. 
 In a way, it’s like having a huge weight taken off your shoulders, which can only improve the quality of your life. 
 
 Increased Freedom to Work on Your Own Terms 
 Unlike a regular office job, working from home gives you a lot more flexibility to perform in ways that make you feel most productive. 
 For one, you get to customize your workplace, perhaps with a special desk and an ergonomic chair. And you can take breaks to refresh yourself, with a brisk walk or relax for a while working in the garden. 
 Also, you can  organize your workspace however you want  to inspire and motivate—without having to worry about corporate decorum rules. 
 Last but not least, working from the comfort of your own home gives you more privacy and spares you of having to deal with distracting office politics. 
 
 More and more people are embracing this new way of working and there are increasingly more opportunities for those considering it as well. 
 If you are interested in changing your lifestyle, then join our talent community and  apply for a job today at Working Solutions . 
 Try a new way of working and experience how profoundly it changes your life for the better. 
 Share 
 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
 
 Want to Start Working from Home? We Can Help. 
 Apply today. __ 
 Leave your comments 
 You may also like 
 Family Activities To Do At Home This Season 
 This year’s holidays may look different from those of years past for those who are planning […] 
 Read more __ 
 5 Easy Tips for Organizing Home-office Clutter 
 There are many reasons to organize home office clutter. Logistically, every minute you spend searching for […] 
 Read more __ 
 Make $1,000s at Home this School Year 
 Hiring Thousands By August 31st This year is like none other. School is back in session […] 
 Read more __ 
 Equal Opportunity 
 We provide equal opportunities for all independent contractor agents and all qualified applicants. Everyone will receive consideration for placement on opportunities without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, sexual orientation and any other characteristic protected by law not listed. 
 Legal and Sitemap 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Community Policy 
 Privacy 
 FAQs 
 Scam Watch 
 
 Who We Are 
 
 About Us 
 FAQs 
 Leadership 
 Newsroom 
 Contact Us 
 
 Social Media 
 
  Instagram __ 
  Twitter __ 
  Facebook __ 
  YouTube __ 
 
 (C) 2021 Working Solutions | All Rights Reserved 
