  
 Craig's Ivory Soapbox 
 Because I can't afford the tower 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Contact 
 
 Sidebar 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Social 
 
 View ivorysoapbox's profile on Facebook 
 View CraigJBeadle's profile on Twitter 
 View /craigjbeadle's profile on LinkedIn 
 
 A Genuine Job Application 
 Standard 
 I just found an old job application I wrote for a computer game company looking for a writer. 
 I never heard back from them. 
 The Letter 
 As we all know computers were first invented by aliens attempting to find the best fighter pilots in the galaxy. But since those times, games have come quite a long way. Now you can use them while you go to the toilet, which was very much frowned upon in the days of arcades. I'm interested in this role because once, just once, I'd like to be able to help someone in the bathroom without it being considered “a matter for HR”. 
 I've always loved computer games. From the earliest days of duck hunting, throwing fruit at karts and travelling through pipes, I thought “Gee, I'd much rather be at home playing computer games”. And then my parents got me a Nintendo. Sure it might be the reason I once came last in cross country out of my whole year, or lacked the upper-body strength to peel a banana, or even the reason why I struggled so talk to girls until embarrassingly late in my life. But it gave me something far more important. 
 Strong thumbs. Like, super strong. 
 And also the ability to see how stories work in the only really interactive medium. To see how exposition is given without interrupting the action, to see how a cut scene and loss of control can be powerful, rather than annoying. To tell stories in a way that for the vast majority of human history just hasn't been possible. 
 But it's mostly the thumb thing. 
 I have lots of writing experience. In fact, I won the judge's award for UK's Funniest Blogger 2015 for my blog  www.ivorysoapbox.com . Which was even  more  impressive when it was still 2015. I've also written jokes for a Rose d'Or winning BBC radio show. And I've written “about” comedy for the most read comedy reference site in the UK. In fact, these very hands, the hands which thanks to the wonders of modern technology you can't actually see, these hands wrote a diary of their time on the stand up comedy course widely considered the best outside North America, a summary which is now used by the course themselves to promote it.  You can read this here . But if you get bitten by the comedy bug and develop the Lyme disease of seeking other people's laughter to soothe your fragile ego, I am not to blame. 
 I also wrote a few bits for Time Out London's comedy section, which doesn't exist any more, BUT I WASN'T TO BLAME FOR THAT! 
 I write a lot in my spare time. Too much, some might say. Especially those I ask to read it all. Be it a book on the space/time-travel properties of non-Newtonian liquids, or blog posts about why Captain America is the best. And if any in your team have ever wanted to read an unproduced episode of Brooklyn Nine-Nine with some pacing issues and a plot that's perhaps a bit too much for a 20 minute show, then boy do I have something for them! 
 I also have a super-power for meeting celebrities. In my current job I organise comedy nights with some of the biggest talent in the UK, including Stewart Lee, Jo Brand and Arthur Smith. I also got Lee Mack to agree to become an ambassador for the charity. I convinced my favourite writer to meet me down the pub for a couple of pints one day. And I got one of the biggest bands in the UK to help me with a massive personal favour. 
 Now, I'm not saying that if you hire me I'll bring a different celeb each day like I would a packed lunch… “Today? Well we've got jam sandwiches, a packet of Frazzles and…. 80's teen heart-throb Rob Lowe”. I'm just saying, statistically it's more likely if I'm actually allowed onto the property. 
 So that's me in a nutshell. And it's probably also a good reason for you to rethink your policy on “inventive” covering letters. So we're both taking something away from it. 
 This job sounds really interesting. I remember my mum always told me to get off the computer. “You'll never get a job making computer games, so do something productive. Besides, it'll turn your eyes square!” 
 Well take THAT mum. With your crazy microwave-shaped head. 
 Any questions, just whisper my name into the wind. Or, if you're after a reply, maybe drop me an email or something. 
 Thanks, 
 Craig 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 
 Date  July 25, 2017 
 Tags  application ,  comedy ,  computer ,  computer games ,  covering letter ,  CV ,  hire me ,  job ,  video games 
 Comments  1 Comment 
 
 Post navigation 
  On the Enduring Power of You Know My Name 
 The Wedding Speech  
 One thought on "A Genuine Job Application" 
 
 Pouria M 
 
 hahaha…you made my day! Keep up the good work and I hope you find what you are looking for. 
 * [ July 25, 2017 at 8:59 am  ](https://ivorysoapbox.wordpress.com/2017/07/25/a-genuine-job-application/#comment-30)
* [Reply](https://ivorysoapbox.wordpress.com/2017/07/25/a-genuine-job-application/?replytocom=30#respond)
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
