Skip to content 
 
 This is Study Abroad with UEA 
 
 Primary Menu 
 
 Home 
 Incoming to UEA 
 
 About Norwich 
 About UEA 
 Short Study at UEA 
 
 UEA Summer Study 
 
 
 Year at UEA 
 Single Semester at UEA 
 
 
 Outgoing from UEA 
 
 Destinations 
 
 Africa 
 Asia 
 Australia 
 Canada 
 Europe 
 New Zealand 
 USA 
 
 
 Erasmus 
 Outbound Short Study 
 Outbound Single Semester 
 Outbound Year Abroad 
 
 
 Study Abroad Community 
 
 Advice from Study Abroad Students 
 Alumni 
 Ambassadors 
 Reflecting on Study Abroad 
 
 
 
 Search Search for: 
 Alumni ,  Incoming to UEA ,  Single Semester at UEA ,  Study Abroad Community 
 5 Ways Studying Abroad at UEA Helped Will with his Future Career 
 This great article was first published by Will Samayoa  on his own blog  in July 2020. Thank you Will for sharing your story and how studying abroad at UEA helped you to develop! 
 HOW I MADE THE DECISION TO STUDY ABROAD IN ENGLAND 
 ​In these difficult times that we’re living through I often reach for a journal full of pages and photos that captured one of the happiest times of my life. This journal is from my experience studying abroad. The polaroids and ticket stubs taped in these pages remind me that my time abroad will always be with me. I will forever be grateful for the forces that helped me find both Norwich, England and the University of East Anglia (UEA). Because while my time in Norwich was short, a piece of my heart will always be in England. 
 From the seminars taught by leading scholars to the nights getting ready for a Damn Good Tuesday, I cannot write enough about why UEA was perfect for me. While the educational and extracurricular opportunities at UEA ended up enhancing all aspects of my life, I went there almost by accident. Honestly, I studied abroad on a whim! 
 1. HOW STUDY ABROAD BENEFITED ME – TEACHING ME TO BE A BETTER LISTENER 
 ​Before I even studied abroad, one of the benefits that became clear is that I became a better listener thanks to anticipating my international experience. ​Of all the spontaneous decisions I could make in my life, perhaps the best I ever did was deciding to leave the country! So extra, and so very on brand for Will Samayoa. My second year of college, a private liberal art in Upstate NY, I was eligible to study abroad. I attended a 1-on-1 meeting with my college’s study abroad officer to find out what program would suit me. Obviously, the meeting was very productive because I not only applied to UEA, but it was my only option. 
 Again, before I even studied abroad, I was becoming a better listener. In meeting with the study abroad officer I did come in with points, but I also heard her advice clearly. She told me about the unique character of not only the international partners but also of the cities we’d be living in. “Big but not too big,” she said when talking about Norwich. “Great media programs and renowned professors.” I did more than just research the numbers and sites, I heard from her testimonials of students who had ventured before I did. 
 In case you may not know, I went to college with a clear vision of working in the entertainment industry. I never wavered in my passion to work in media and I even meticulously designed a master plan to on how to major in writing & rhetoric with a media minor. The study abroad officer knew this, she admired my focus, and she said, “You need to go to Norwich!” I left this meeting and then went to meet with my professors and advisors. I wanted to genuinely hear them. And when I told both my writing and media faculty that I wanted to study abroad at UEA it was resounding, “Yes, Will!” 
 2. STUDY ABROAD BENEFITS - TEACHING ME HOW TO LIVE IN THE MOMENT 
 Since my semester abroad, I stay living in the moment! Before I studied in Norwich, England I had no international experience. While I studied abroad, I learned how to live in the moment meaningfully. Whether my flat mate invited me to go grocery shopping or I was just invited to join a study group, my time at UEA helped me learn how to say, “yes” to new experiences. Little did I know that in my full-time job after college traveling and having those, “OMG” moments would become my new normal. 
 Studying abroad benefited me in that I learned how to be present in the most spontaneous and amazing moments ever. I can vividly remember every detail of the Oscars red carpet (oh yes, I was at the 90th Academy Awards, more on that later) because I learned how to live in the moment in Norwich. Without studying abroad, I don’t know that I would even have this blog! Yes, that’s right. This blog and my love for social media flourished while I studied abroad. 
 Part of how I learned to capture the moment was by starting to play with writing and media. The details in my daily walks from the Ziggs to my seminars in places like the Enterprise Centre stay with me. As many moments as I could capture in words or pics I did. This helped me remember the name and pronunciation of every classmate I met. My time abroad pushed me into the unknown, but the city and people of Norwich welcomed me. My best advice is that if you travel abroad worry less and celebrate more. Celebrate yourself, your work to get there, and the moment. 
 3. STUDY ABROAD TAUGHT ME HOW TO EMBRACE AND APPRECIATE DIFFERENT CULTURES 
 ​I wish that everyone could study abroad because I think it could help people learn acceptance and tolerance. While I was at UEA I listened to voices from people all over the world. From classmates to strangers I met through everyday tasks, I learned how to listen, embrace, and truly celebrate diversity. 
 In my case, I was an American student studying British media. I figured that I was not an expert in not only these programs, and I was fine with that. Much like my point of learning to listen, I learned how to listen to voices different from anything I ever heard. What I read and saw was unlike anything my studies in America had shown me. In these seminars I had peers from different countries, different ages, and beyond different life experiences from my own. 
 Needless to say, my study abroad experience benefits include learning how to embrace and celebrate different cultures. I truly became a global connoisseur of media. My latest work trip included working on world premieres at the 2020 Sundance Film Festival. The films and storytellers I met came from places like South Africa, the Philippines, China, Canada just to name a few. Thank you UEA for teaching me how to respect and cherish different cultures! I’m a better person and storyteller for it. 
 4. EVERYONE SHOULD STUDY ABROAD AND TO KNOW WHY INTERNATIONAL STUDENTS MATTER 
 ​When I was in college, I remember an established discourse about international students. Candidly, it's not always a fair one too. But being in the U.K., I was considered an international student. I found this super interesting because I consider myself the "norm" and here the norm has nuance things that made me stick out. "Oh, you're so American," I heard. 
 What does this even mean?! What do you mean I have an accent?! Wait why is everyone driving on the other side?! There are dozens of questions I asked myself. Learning how to embrace different is important. But actually, feeling different is an even better learning experience. At UEA I stood out and I learned how to honor my identities, as an American, as a Latino, and as a son of an immigrant family. I saw how my friends and faculty made my voice matter. 
 That’s why I came back to the States knowing that international students’ matter. Students from abroad at universities and colleges bring their own insights and experiences that can enrich us. And this is a dialectic relationship. 
 5. STUDY ABROAD TAUGHT ME TO HOW TO BE OKAY BEING ALONE 
 ​As much as I write and talk about how my study abroad experience helped me develop friendships, I’m grateful for the personal growth as well. A lot of my fear in studying abroad came from how I went alone at first. In my study abroad program there were a total of 4 of us from my home college. Granted these 4 people would grow to be some of my lifelong friends, there was a 48-hour period where I was alone in Norwich. No one lived on my flat yet and there was no one I knew yet. 
 I was lucky that UEA lead some mixers for international students. Because in attending these mixers I met more people who would become travel companies and confidants abroad. But I couldn’t always be around people. My flat mates had their commitments and I had to also find a daily rhythm. My days outside of class were long and I found how to fill them with my own company. Whether I went to the gym, read outside, or wrote my blog at a coffee shop, I was as happy being alone as I was in a crowd. 
 Studying abroad taught me how to be alone but not be lonely. What I believe is that studying abroad in Norwich, England changed my life for the better. I'm proud to write this blog and reflect on my time at UEA, the friends I made, and the experiences that have defined my life. 
 To find out more about Will's experience, check out his  blog  and social media accounts,  Instagram/Twitter @Willsshowem 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 More 
 
 
 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 studyabroaduea August 24, 2020 Home of the wonderful ,  International Education ,  International Students ,  UEA Experience ,  What study abroad taught me 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Previous post: From Studying Abroad in Oregon to Working in the Antarctic 
 Next Next post: From Studying Abroad to Graduation - The Job Hunt 
 Sidebar 
 INCOMING INSTAGRAM 
                 
 Search for: 
 Topics 
 Topics Select Category Erasmus    Erasmus Study    Erasmus Work Incoming to UEA    About Norwich    Short Study at UEA       Centre for Japanese Studies          Ishibashi Foundation Summer Fellowship          Japan Orientation       Customised Programmes       UEA Summer Study          Summer 2017          Summer 2018          Summer 2019       Undergraduate International Summer School    Single Semester at UEA    Year at UEA Outgoing from UEA    Destinations       Africa          Ghana       Asia          Hong Kong          Japan          Singapore          South Korea       Australia          Canberra          Melbourne          Newcastle          Perth          Sydney          Tasmania          Wollongong       Canada          British Columbia          laval          Ontario          Vancouver       Europe          Austria          Belgium          Denmark          Finland          France          Germany          Greece          Ireland          Lithuania          Netherlands          Norway          Poland          Slovakia          Slovenia          Spain          Sweden       Latin America          Argentina          Chile          Mexico          Uruguay       New Zealand          Auckland          Dunedin          Wellington       USA          Arizona          California          Florida          Hawaii          Kentucky          Maine          Maryland          Massachusetts          Minnesota          Mississippi          Missouri          New Mexico          New York State          North Carolina          Ohio          Oklahoma          Oregon          Pennsylvania          Rhode Island          Tennessee          Texas          Vermont          Virginia          Wyoming    Outbound Short Study    Outbound Single Semester    Outbound Year Abroad    Split-Year    Work Placement Partner of the Week Study Abroad Community    Advice from Study Abroad Students       Application Advice       Finance       Living Abroad       Making Friends       Pre-Departure Advice       Returning and Beyond       Staying Safe Abroad    Alumni    Ambassadors       Brooke       Cindy       Jasmine       Kaitlin       Katherine       Koshesai       Maddy       Olivia       Rebekah       Solange       Vikki    Reflecting on Study Abroad    Study    Travel UEA    About UEA    UEA School       AMA       BIO       DEV       Law       LDC       NATSCI       PPL       PSI       PSY 
 Follow Us 
 
  Twitter  
  Facebook  
   
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Spotlight on Partner Universities: University of British Columbia (Okanagan) 
 Spotlight on Partner Universities: Carleton University in Canada 
 Spotlight on Partner Universities: Leiden University in the Netherlands 
 
 UEA Study Abroad 
 UEA, Arts Building 
Monday - Friday / 9am - 5pm 
+44 (0) 1603 591871 
 
 
 About UEA   Advice from Study Abroad Students   Erasmus   Erasmus Study   Europe   Incoming to UEA   Outbound Year Abroad   Outgoing from UEA   Short Study at UEA   Study   Study Abroad Community   Travel   UEA   UEA Summer Study   USA 
  Create a website or blog at WordPress.com  
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 %d bloggers like this: 
