Skip to content 
 Hidden Jewels 
 The creative life 
 Menu 
 
 Writing Sample 1: Article -- April 2, 2020 
 
 Category: career 
 art ,  beadwork ,  career ,  creativity ,  illustration ,  painting ,  writing 
 Wait…do I have, "artist problems?" 
 January 1, 2021January 1, 2021   Haruaki 
 I started writing this post last night…and apparently the only thing on-topic, was the title. That happens when you're up at 3 AM, I guess. What I had started out thinking on (when I need to be  doing,  not  thinking  ), was organization. I am…having a bit of trouble with commitment to any one path, but that really has been my pattern overall, since I was a young adult. That's why I majored in Creative Writing, and why I sought work in a Library. These things are not topic-specific. 
 As I'm thinking back on it now -- I had intended to work with gouache today. I wanted to see if I could mix it with acrylic glazing medium to make it water-resistant. That…was entirely forgotten when I woke up, though. 
 
 As I expect to forget that I've purchased a book with the aim of  learning how to design  in beadwork, as versus copying others' designs. 
 Or that a reason for desiring acrylic gouache in the first place, is to have more freedom in my work (via using opaque colors), in order to create conceptually abstract pieces, while being able to use my watercolor brushes and supports along with mixed media. The "acrylic" portion means, I hope, that the colors will not lift as gouache normally tends to. 
 Then there's the fact that I am wholly intending upon taking a cut-paper approach to my journaling. 
 
 My mind was busy last night, you see. 
 Last night, I got my second stone ever, bezeled using beadwork stitches. It's tough to be new at something, but then the newness was the reason I tried it. Making refinement after refinement on the same design -- where you know the underlying mechanics -- isn't quite the same thing. 
 As for the bezel, it's not my greatest work ever, but I was able to give it a shot, and that gives me a good basis for further work (I have points to work on, the next time I try). 
 I still have to end the second line of thread. My bead holes are filling up quickly via multiple thread passes, although that should stabilize the piece overall. It's questionable whether I'll have the space remaining to attach this thing to a necklace, however: I can see very clearly why people prefer to use cylinder beads (like Miyuki Delicas, Toho Treasures, Toho Aikos, etc.) for this, rather than regular seed beads. Cylinder beads just have a lot more space for their size than regular seed beads, particularly when you get down to the size 13/0 Czech Charlottes for the final rows…and have to use a very fine needle, possibly so fine that it's difficult to thread. They're also smoother on the outside, if you're worried about contact damage to foil backings. 
 The good thing about this is that I can cut the stone loose and start over. What I need to watch out for is the degree of damage I'm making to the foil backing, which…seems like it would only happen in practicality, by scratching it with the needle. And then, it seems like it might only show with a relatively narrow bezel…not a beginner's one! 
 I stopped last night when I jabbed myself pretty badly, and dinner had to be made. After I washed my hands, the bleeding stopped (I washed anything out of there pretty thoroughly: it didn't hurt, toward the end). 
 Anyhow…I spent a good amount of time last night, looking for a planner. Then I realized that I could make my own with what I had, so…yeah. Time to get creative about tracking my creative time and projects. I need to hold myself more accountable both for what I'm spending, and for how much I'm not working. Or, at least, to build in some structure around it, so that I'm actually self-employed and not just being unemployed. 
 After I started getting into this, I realized I had enough markers and fineliners (and empty notebooks) to help with a Planner/Bullet Journal/Project Journal already. I did, however, realize that I can…well, make this more pleasant. 
 I'm thinking that time management and staying busy is probably an issue with most people who are attempting self-employment. I know that my own comfort zone is rather in writing and recording, moreso than in making art…but I realize also that there is some excitement in trying something I haven't, before. 
 I wouldn't have reached that point without having come to a dull point in beadwork, where I was basically working a process I  knew . I had smoothed out production to the point that I didn't have to make a lot of decisions…which is different than actively, you know,  arting.  It probably would have been  arting  , if I were looking for a way to make it better -- or, at least, different. 
 But hey: I figured out a new clasp mechanism within the last three weeks. I probably shouldn't be too hard on myself. 
 Anyhow…last night I realized that I am struggling to be an artist, and then I realized that  probably most artists are struggling to be artists.  It's not a given that everyone puts art at the top of their priority list; I in particular decided not to major in Art, for multiple reasons (some of which were appropriately childish). At this point…I'm looking at the skills my training has given me in research, in reading comprehension, in composition, in entrepreneurship. I did not  just  study to be, "a writer." 
 Writing and language are just different forms of communication which are likely better established, due to the invention of the Gutenberg printing press and then the typewriter and then the QWERTY keyboard. Also due to the fact that most people understand art like I understand music: intuitively, we know when we like something; when it comes to composing, though, we tend not to do it very well. 
 I suppose that maybe I shouldn't mourn not having been in Art in my Bachelor's program; the fact is, I have the ability to work on my skills, now. 
 I mean, seriously. 
 And while I would have liked to have completed a BFA from CCA or Mills…in reality, I would have needed substantial Financial Aid, and then I would have trouble paying it off, if it wasn't in grants. I've been told that it's very difficult to get a job in the field without another angle besides Art. Even competition for Community College instructor positions is fierce,  if  I wanted to do that, and I'm not the type of person who would be good at it. I would be too concerned about crushing little souls. Art Librarianship is another…highly competitive, route. But at the time, I had no desire for extended learning beyond my Bachelor's. 
 So I went the route of majoring in Creative Writing…which  also  isn't a rewarding path, monetarily; but it was an avenue of expression for me as a youth, and one of the only things that was constant in my life. As I've aged, the skills in composition that I  have  had have gone to figuring myself out, and to expository writing. 
 I didn't know back then that I would have decades to find out who I was, and to work on the issues I had against myself. When I was in Undergrad, though…all of that stuff forced its way to the surface, and the mode of expression it found was within language. Granted that likely most of what intrigues me about writing is the problem of expressing what the limitations of the language itself prohibit one from expressing. 
 Of course, though: when you get a handle on what's happening with you and you know the causes and the reasons why, and  how  it affects you…you get to build yourself from there, without having to scream out through your paintings or your writings. 
 Also: when you get a handle on who you are…when you find security in knowing yourself, there is less need to do this. Not that writing is inherently an outgrowth of insecurity…but when you're looking at a very-young-adult's writings, it's hard to avoid insecurity in the formula. Especially if peer abuse factored into that kid's self-image, and they don't know yet (or love yet) who they are. 
 And, you know, looking back on all this: I am thinking of making illustrated books. Maybe not just for adults. Maybe for kids, too. I mean, I do kind of have a  thing  about animated series, and a drive to avoid psychic violence. At the same time, I am an adult now, which…means things that I didn't understand when I was 7. 
 I haven't really -- to my knowledge -- mentored a lot of kids…but I understand what kids are going through when they ask how I became so stable in my perspective and identity. It's something that I've gained over the past 20 years…the question is how to explain it so that kids can understand it. Understand that they can be okay in who they are; that no matter how much they admire other people -- and it's okay to admire other people -- wishing you were them is not necessarily where you want to go, because it devalues yourself. That you want to be the best version of yourself, whoever that may be, because you end up writing your own character in this life. 
 Your  unique character. That is what you have control over. You don't necessarily get to choose who you are or what you have to deal with; but you get to choose how to be that person, and how you'll meet those challenges. You find you; you choose to be you as best as you can. 
 It's a reason I'm going back to beadwork as a relatively advanced practitioner, when there's so much more information I can find about painting. It's also a reason I'm seeking out books for the intermediate-to-experienced crowd who want to  know how to design,  not just follow other peoples' designs. 
 That's actually…quite a possibility. I hadn't thought of doing it because I can't imagine having an easy time being -- well, an adult person -- and helping to write and illustrate a children's book. But it's possible to reach those little kids for whom that book will be their favorite book, and they'll remember it long after. If I don't write it, that never gets the chance to happen. 
 There  have  been more obnoxious Children's writers… 
 In any case…these are all great dreams, but then what am I doing with my time?  Living?   That 's all? Ha!  Yes, I'm savoring my time with family. 
 Because. 
 And no, I am never planning on being a Children's Librarian. Nor am I the marrying or childbearing type. What I can do is help my communities, and youth happen to also be members of those communities. When I was young, I didn't know about gender diversity. It would have helped. 
 Anyhow, as regards my orientation towards Art, and the struggle to maintain it: I have trained for a gainful second career through which to finance my life. I had forgotten that the promise of the ability to practice Art was one of my primary drives in persisting and succeeding in the Master's Program. I'm not in Library Science because Library Science exists. There exist the food and housing and clothing and utilities and transportation motives. 
 In practicality, I've been unemployed for 10 months. It's likely okay, now, for me to get back to my -- actual -- work…the reason I  have done the other work  … 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Tagged  microbusiness ,  nonbinary ,  picture books ,  self employment ,  self management Leave a comment 
 career ,  writing 
 Using your words 
 November 21, 2020   Haruaki 
 When you know you 're in the right, but claiming the ability to act as a full person still takes bravery. 
 Over…likely, the past month, my efforts have shifted from honing my writing skills, to craft and design. I have realized that becoming a freelance writer is more than within my grasp. I am more than capable. The question has been whether I want to take the repercussions of speaking my mind. The problem is, whenever anyone says something that's important to anybody, someone else has a problem with it -- because knowledge is power, and the denial of accurate, clear, usable, validating information is the denial of power, and denial of agency,  to that person who finds it important . 
 And I know I can help the people who find what I say, important. I know, that is, that I'm on a side I can live in peace with. I didn't always know that, but my view has gotten much clearer, recently. 
 I can see that when I was younger, I had a much more simplistic idea of potential anonymity as an author. These days, it's very apparent to me that anonymity doesn't necessarily exist, when writing for publication. Perhaps before the Internet existed, that was possible…it isn't, now. Not without some type of global privacy regulations that could be applied to the owners of sites which distribute other peoples' private information…and not without in some way disabling the tracking of aliases of authors who have not committed crimes. 
 (Of course, to some, the "wrong people" writing and speaking, might as well be considered a crime…and the Library of Congress is not exempt from politics. It is the  Library  of  Congress . Not a national library. Not the people's library.) 
 The obvious issue is that elements protecting the privacy of authors can be circumvented, and we trust strangers on the Internet, far too much. Tim Berners-Lee's original Internet, that is…doesn't seem to have included protections for information that  wasn 't  supposed to be shared. Perhaps it wasn't intended to have grown as large as it has, or to include the people it does. As far as I can see, it involved utopian ideals, but…utopias can fail. Especially where failure was never expected; where the ideal was implicit that people would be decent and responsible, not malicious. 
 In other words…we do not live in a utopia,  even given the chance  to live in a utopia. The most brilliant and insightful ideas can still be bent towards destroying our own kind and utilized by the most inept, ignorant and callous among us -- because of how our societies are set up. 
 What I'm taking as my provisional reality is the assumption that if someone wants to know who I am, that information is not impossible to obtain. There is also the question of whether I actually  do  want to be known for my ideas; if "good trouble" is not a bad thing to get into. 
 I am aware of the First Amendment. I am also aware that a portion of this society is biased against me because of what I am, and that laws are not applied even-handedly. They're applied by people with biases, assisted by computers which have likewise been programmed by people with biases. Both those factors -- and others, like poor school funding sourced from low property taxes which relate to intergenerational poverty and a history of segregation (among other skewed variables), reinforce systematic outcomes of inequity which are then blamed on factors such as race and essentialism: that what people look like defines who they are and what they can be and become. 
 The issue I have been dealing with is the relative peace of my life since I got out of the main fray that I was dealing with as a young adult. I'm moving out of the phase of being a student, into the phase of being a working adult, hoping to eventually become an  independent  working adult…which has other attendant, "issues." Like the rewards (and penalties) of conformity, and silence. 
 But writing implies communication. Communication infers saying things that not everyone may agree with -- at least, at first. 
 In essence, it ensures conflict. I'm not a person who seeks conflict. But I can see that there are some things worth fighting for, that the world can be better than it is; that  we can be better than we are . In this world, change is preceded by conflict; and not everyone right now is living in a state which guarantees a sustainable, hopeful future. 
 I guess part of that is my utopian idealization. But if you're going to have to fight, it's good to know your ultimate goal. What you're fighting  for  is one of those questions that can't be avoided if you want to keep up your pace and your work. Even when a life of quiet, dull, closeted obscurity beckons. 
 DISCLAIMER: This entry is not meant to represent the views of any organization, professional or otherwise; I am representing myself, and myself alone. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Tagged  coercion ,  conflict ,  conformity ,  honesty ,  knowledge ,  kyriarchy ,  privacy ,  racism ,  silencing ,  utopia Leave a comment 
 career ,  psychology ,  self care ,  work ,  writing 
 Loneliness? Withdrawal. 
 October 26, 2020   Haruaki 
 There are a lot of things I  could  write about. The question is,  what do I  write about? What do I feel safe putting out into the world, at this point, which isn't time-sensitive? Or, which wouldn't put myself, my property, my employability, or my family at further risk? HA HA! you say. HA. HA. 
 I mean, there's a lot I could write. Whether it's self-serving to broadcast it or not, is another question. And actually, when I look at it that way, it's obviously safer not to mention anything. So why this drive to do so? 
 Actual loss. Fear of further loss. 
 I suppose it's obvious that I'm feeling a bit isolated, although I do still have my family. I just am worried that everything I have and have built will be taken from me. In reality, I have one thing that has already been taken, and that is my work and my income. 
 There have also been a lot of people dying recently, which hasn't helped. I lost two of my older relatives within the last several months (I can't remember when). 
 Right now we're in a severe weather event…meaning my possessions (which I would use to further gain an income) are at stake. And if any of us get sick, I could lose one or both of my parents. That would likely mean either dealing with relatives (which I don't want to do, I'm sure you can understand), or moving out-of-state to a place where floods are normal and I may only be able to get a job in which I can't avoid feeling prostituted. 
 They say I don't, "like people." 
 I'm not a, "people person." M told me this, today, and I realized that I have no idea what it is to, "like people." I didn't know that I didn't, "like people," because I didn't know what, "liking people," meant. I still don't know what, "liking people," feels like. I can't conceptualize it, or its motivations. That's probably me being on the "Spectrum", though. 
 Yes, I realize there is more than one, "Spectrum." I'm talking about high-functioning Autism. I know I am on that Spectrum, but not to the degree that I would be considered, "Autistic." I was evaluated and told I had nothing to gain from a diagnosis because I had already aged out of all the early interventions that would help. That is, a diagnosis would just be a stigma to me with no benefit. (Of course, that's before I entered my Vocational Program, which may have done better to heed a diagnosis of Autism Spectrum Disorder…) 
 M and I also spoke about how I internalized **** that happened at work (that I still remember), and I know I don't know  how not to  internalize it. I don't know how I can live with just ignoring hostility and disrespect. When, "no," is seen to mean, "you're not trying hard enough, wheedle some more," instead of, "NO. Stop it and leave me alone." 
 And I know that I can be openly aggressive, when people persist in attempting to push my boundaries because I say, "No," and they want to force, "Yes" (which brings up trauma around sexual harassment)…though I'm not sure how to value my aggression. On one hand, I'm standing up for myself when my messages are rejected as though I said nothing (or worse than nothing); on another, getting sued or losing my job every time a misogynist ***** comes along, wouldn't be the best thing? 
 And then there's the question of whether I should grit my teeth and try and be polite (and be dishonest to be polite, which has not been my way) when my emotions honestly make me want to do much worse (and wish I was a 240-pound 6-foot-plus man so I could do so). 
 But these guys (they're almost all guys) can't see the warning signs. Maybe they think no one they categorize as a woman can or should ever get angry, let alone  at them  , and they assume from visual pattern-matching that I'm a (heterosexual, cisgender) woman. Or, as they would put it, "girl." Which can make me angry, depending on the level of respect and self-definition they afford to people they see as, "girls," which usually isn't a lot. 
 So. No service jobs. 
 Do what I …love? 
 M wants me to find what I love to do and then do it, regardless of how much income it pulls in. And not focus on my shortcomings, because it is not in my nature to be a good social services worker. Which is, you know,  never  the reason I started working at the Library. 
 Right now, I'm thinking: Beadwork and Writing. And maybe Cataloging or Metadata Librarianship, or Taxonomy development. Maybe later, Translation. Maybe also later: Web Development. 
 I've come to what feels right (at least in theory) about what to do with the Creative Writing tangent. I'm not going to hide my work until I have a full manuscript (to try and sell First Publication Rights to a Publishing House). I'll be developing this in a mixture of online and offline work, with the possibility of self-publishing and Web distribution, later. 
 I think that doing things that way will maximize the benefits I'd accrue, and the accountability to do the work. What I wouldn't accrue would be in-house professional editing, academic prestige, and help with marketing and distribution. (But hey: I've seen some pretty interesting self-published books.) 
 The question is also, distribution  to where,  when it seems most book sales take place online now, and work is increasingly becoming digital in nature. Also: editors can be hired, and making a name for myself online before fully entering the stage,  is  marketing. 
 Digital Publishing, Print-On-Demand. Financial Models. 
 There is a metadata schema ( TEI , or Text Encoding Initiative), which I could use to code an electronic text in XML. Doing that would give me practice in coding (and navigating) TEI-XML using an XML editor and XPath. 
 Of course, how to convert XML to HTML is something I don't yet know how to do; I only know that it's possible using XSLT. Neither do I see any advantage or efficiency to this, other than teaching myself XSLT, XPath, and TEI-XML. I mean, I might as well hard-code in HTML, to begin with. 
 I also see that Kindle doesn't support TEI; I'd likely have to then convert my HTML into a proprietary format of Amazon's. Or import a DOCX.  That 's if  I want my work to be able to be purchased and read on Kindle. On the other hand, nothing says that I have to use Word to  develop  the text; just to  submit  it --  if  I go that route. My issue is suspected ugly code after conversion. 
 That's only if I want to take payment for the download. Which isn't my only financial model, but it probably is the one which, along with Print-On-Demand, would generate the most income. And income is nice, for work done. 
 And then, POD may outlast any digital encoding scheme. I probably would also only have to submit a DOCX for that, as well. I could use InDesign, but it's probably not needed or expected. I mean, I wouldn't be doing any fancy formatting. 
 There's also the option of just posting at WordPress.com for free public access + the sale of extra materials (tangential short stories, illustrations). The site templates  are  pretty awesome on my tablet, and it would be easier to keep it updated, as the host takes care of the back-end maintenance. The major drawback is sanitization and censorship, plus the cost to remove the ads…none of which I would like to engage in. I mean, I have to bleep myself regularly here. It's a big reason I moved offline. 
 I believe this is not an issue if I'm self-hosted. However…then I have to be a Full-Stack Developer plus being a Web Content Producer. I know; I've done it. 
 Yeah, so…write the thing first, right? ;D 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Tagged  gender ,  mental health ,  misanthropy ,  natural disasters ,  pandemic ,  pink-collar ,  sexism 1 Comment 
 career ,  creative writing ,  creativity ,  self care ,  writing 
 Maybe not to the level of a Professional Editor… 
 October 18, 2020October 18, 2020   Haruaki 
 Yesterday, I was able to take a couple of my more creative posts from here, and begin writing out second drafts. Of course, I woke up at about 1:30 AM yesterday morning…and stayed up until 8:30 AM…writing. Right? The time can pass very quickly, when I'm doing that. I've gotten to the point where I'm relatively okay with hearing the clock announce the hour on the hour, every hour… 
 The only reason I didn't keep going with the writing, was concern that my body wouldn't be able to keep up with me. I wrote, in total, about eight pages in longhand…in one of my worst-quality notebooks, so I wouldn't feel bad for having wasted paper. ;) I haven't heard of anyone getting carpal tunnel syndrome from writing by hand (neither has anyone else around me), but I could feel things starting to turn against me (particularly, tension in my wrist), so I stopped. 
 That writing session was very therapeutic. I was actually feeling -- I don't know, "normal" (?) later today. I am thinking this was because I was able to get through my "block" and write out what I really wanted to write out. I was able to do that, in turn, by realizing what was holding me back: the fear of being a unique individual person with a voice and influence. That is, someone who has value and power and can contribute to society and breathe life into ideas. 
 There do happen to be forces which would not like a person like myself to be empowered. But it is not worth it to be another person who tries to blend into the background and hopes to go unseen. That's not…quite…living. That's not my taking my full place at the table of Life. 
 I also looked at what my potential future would be -- psychically speaking -- if I obeyed my fear. I didn't really like where that was taking me, so I wrote. For seven hours. 
 After all, bravery isn't the absence of fear; it's experiencing it and doing the work, anyway. 
 If I look at the breakdown here, I have a little over two pages as a second draft, and six pages as rough drafts of various passages which grew from other material. Those rough drafts, in turn, will serve as seeds for further second drafts when I go back in to rewrite. I expect the pattern to continue; it hasn't let me down, yet. 
 Right now, I'm waiting for the freshness of all the new material to wear off, so that I can return and rewrite it again with updates. I've decided to do this by hand at this point; revision feels like a different process when I work things out manually, than when I work on the computer. I'm old enough to remember when we used to write out our essays for school on binder paper in pencil, and then copy the finished drafts over in ink…also on binder paper. 
 Using a word processing program, one may begin a passage and have the option of never coming back to it to actively review or change it, again. Having to copy it over again, to physically form each letter of each word, forces you to pay attention to it -- and to how it could be different. 
 Editing is a different process with a digital file than with a notebook. Or…with looseleaf. I know that to edit what I just wrote, I'm going to have to photocopy out the relevant text, where I can then mark it up and re-copy it over in a newer form. The only other way to do it is to work on another paper surface at the same time as I have the rough draft open. Or, tear out the written pages of the previous draft. 
 Yeah…did I think this through? Not really. But I wanted everything in one place, and there are drawbacks to that, as well as convenience and -- possibly -- organization. 
 There is one thing I've learned, however: and that is, while I may have written a lot, do write a lot, and will likely continue to write a lot…I haven't edited, so much. I think a lot of that has to do with the blog format, where I've been depositing a lot of my daily writing: although I am moving back to analog for most of my more sensitive thoughts. 
 Having friends on social media has gotten me to realize the fact that there's a difference between having and maintaining friendships, and having and maintaining an audience: your friends don't necessarily want their direct personal messages to you to go unanswered while they see a proliferation of content on your channel. (Let's not forget that on social media, the user is the product…which has been made clear to me from the fact that WordPress seems to neglect to upload my posts to my own Reader; depending on how many posts I've made, in what pattern, in which recent time frame.) 
 There's also the fact that until recently, most of my other (nonacademic) written work has been journaling. Keeping a journal is good to maintain the practice of writing anything at all -- which is essential when you want to track your thoughts for a big project, especially. Or, when you're trying to break out of writer's block, and you need that gentle daily nudging to surface the reason you  aren 't  writing what you really want to write. (It can take a while to get bored of, "today the world is ending again," you know. But even what the writer  doesn 't say  [and I pay attention to what I'm not saying], sends a message to an alert and introspective person.) 
 When you want to write, and you want that writing time both to be quality (as regards content) and to last…you can run out of things to write about, if you're just recording your day. It's like recounting what happened at work or school to someone else, after-the-fact. If you can break from that diary form and go into something either more informed, or more imaginative, or more daring, there's a lot that can be generated. 
 That is…Literary Arts exist. Or: language can be used in multiple ways; not just to recount and represent objective reality. Which…well, parallels my recent experiences with Visual Arts. I've also wondered why I would be learning Japanese language (or writing at all), if I were afraid to use it to actually communicate. 
 Anyhow, for now I'm working with Creative Nonfiction, which may drift into straight-out Fiction. But anonymization and embellishment should come toward the end, I believe. Not that I've had so much practice with that, recently…but it will give me practice in Editing. 
 Which I haven't had a lot of since my undergraduate days, mind. The obvious thing to do is to join one or more Writers' Workshops, in order to get back into the practice of giving feedback on others' work --  if  I want to be an Editor and not a Writer. But it's fairly clear that I'm much more suited to Writing, temperamentally speaking, that Editing. Everything I've read says that Editing is more interpersonally intensive…and one of my Professors of old told us, it wasn't actually a creative field. 
 That doesn't sound like me. I'm more solitary, studious, quiet. And I'm not a bad writer, actually: especially when I get angry enough to be absurd. My problem is breaking the insular wall which protects me from the rest of the world, and actually  joining  the rest of the world. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Tagged  creative nonfiction ,  creative process ,  editing ,  mental health ,  revision ,  writers block Leave a comment 
 career ,  LIS ,  portfolio ,  psychology ,  self care ,  technology 
 Life without obsessions or compulsions? 
 October 14, 2020   Haruaki 
 I think I'm new to this. 
 We have moved into Week 9 in my class…not a huge deal, but it reminds me that there are only 5 weeks after this, left in the semester! It's time to start thinking about  next semester. 
 I've also found that it is still possible for me to take a Virtual Internship even though I've already graduated: one of the articles I've just read (extracurricular) says that as much or more could be learned through internships and practicums, as through classes. I may want to join my Alumni Association to keep access to the job search board, as well…but I'll get to that, when it's time. 
 I have about a month and a half to decide if I want to take a class on XML in the Spring…or hold out and try a private course, again. I've located one which looks like it will fit my needs…if it doesn't, I know a place that gives an XML course every Fall. However: I can take up to 11 more units, there…maybe I want to save them for PHP, JQuery, or Drupal, and go ahead and do XSLT/XQuery, privately. Then I can re-take it in the Fall at the University, if I need to. 
 Also, I found a book on XML/XSLT/XQuery, which I can use to boost my skills. I haven't read it yet, but the last book I read of the series (on Linked Data) was very understandable, and the branch of my association which puts them out…has a very good reputation. 
 Putting that all together: that looks good, actually. So I review over the winter, re-take XSLT/XQuery in Spring, and get the book on XSLT/XQuery for practice, afterward. For now, I can see what I can do about an Internship…and take some lessons on JavaScript. (It probably also wouldn't hurt to review my Relational Database textbooks.) 
 After Spring, I can look at PHP, JQuery, and Drupal; though those aren't skills as much in demand for my targeted positions. XSLT, though, it looks like I'll have to learn (at some time -- if I want to become a Metadata Librarian, which is what Cataloging Librarianship is turning into). 
 I think the major thing holding me back is frustration at having to use my, "slow mind," as versus my, "fast mind." I'm used to things being easy to scan and read -- I can skip over information and my mind will close the gap -- and Programming…really requires me to slow down and parse things as I come across them. I have to stop and think about what each symbol or nested tag means, that is…and reading in English is usually so easy for me that I don't have to do that. 
 (It is, however,  not  easy when you're reading subordinate clause after subordinate clause after subordinate clause…and then you start to think, "what am I looking at?" and you're looking at an extremely complicated sentence. Maybe I should try and rephrase the lectures, or something.) 
 Reading in  Spanish  and  Japanese  is usually so easy for me that I don't have to do that, and I'm not particularly great at either of those two other languages, at this point. However, at least I can decipher parts of the code. Whereas when I see something like  //@lang , I have to actively remember what those symbols mean, and put together what they mean, in context with each other. That can be frustrating, when you're expecting to do better (even though you only saw this code for the first time, six days ago). 
 It's not easy, although W3Schools makes it look easy. And I've found out that maybe it actually  is not best  to depend on my instructor explaining things to me. I know how to find information on my own, that is; and some of it is clearer than the lecture. 
 I really…need to figure out what to do about these internships, though! Like, do I need to sign up for the Internship course, pay the tuition, and then work for free for 14 weeks (in exchange for experience)? You know? 
 Well, anyway: I can contact my Vocational team about that. I'll need to get it set up by the end of the year, regardless. 
 And that means, to get the freakin' Portfolio back online, before someone asks to see it. 
 I can do that. I can actually do that,  soon.  And for now, it's a finite project. 
 Alright. 
 The title of this post relates to the fact that although I have been washing my hands more than normal, I believe my other obsessions are becoming less dominant. Thus, I  could  write, but I don't  have to  write; I could make jewelry, but I don't have to; I could paint or draw…but don't have to. I forget the last day I was in a Japanese language lesson, or at which I sewed anything. Aside from these things, I realize that I don't totally know what to do with myself when I have a lot of free time, and nothing that I've zeroed in on to do  now, now, now, now. 
 They're all parts of me, but they don't define me. 
 Having choices is not necessarily the easiest thing, eh? 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Tagged  choices ,  computer programming ,  internships ,  mental health ,  OCD ,  planning ,  university Leave a comment 
 career ,  libraries ,  writing 
 Strengths 
 September 29, 2020September 29, 2020   Haruaki 
 I began this post thinking that maybe Librarianship wasn't a bad place to travel in my career, after all. Then I wrote out a few paragraphs, and realized…no, this…Public Services is something I really shouldn't do. I mean,  really should not. 
 When I first started a job as a Library Aide, I got a lot of pushback from patrons (including the guy who tried to get out of his fines by doing a "Godfather" impression). I was thinking how, after two to three years, after I learned to expect the unexpected, that mostly ended. Even given that: in reality as a Library Assistant, I was only on the Reference desk for seven months before COVID forced the libraries to close. 
 That is, I didn't get the chance for things to become easy. They were never "easy" for me, at the Reference Desk, because that work is basically having to respond to the environment in the moment, never knowing what is going to happen next. It's fielding random questions that I almost never know the answer to, offhand; and even if I did, best practice is to look it up, anyway. The problem is, when you're at the Reference Desk, the patrons seem to always expect you  to already know  the answer to their questions. Because, you know, you're the Librarian, and Librarians all know everything. Well -- no. We know how to help  find  information, we don't already know it. 
 Of course, finding information isn't the hard part. Even trying to figure out what you really need to know so we can help you, isn't the hard part. 
 The hard part is dealing with disruptive and criminal activity (most apparently from what I can tell: stalking), protecting some of our patrons (like youth) from others of our patrons, and routine policy violations: e.g. eating inside; letting one's "Service" Pitbull sleep in the middle of a walkway around a blind corner where someone can trip over her or step on her or run her over with a 120-lb cart (and we're trusting her not to bite?  Not to bite?  ); leaving one's dog tied up outdoors where he's obviously in great distress and crying loudly for you to come back. For 45 minutes. Or worse, running around loose and unattended. 
 (Okay, maybe I have a thing about dogs.) 
 Then there are the people who are lonely and want to sit and talk to the person who is at work and can't leave the desk (and just assume that she also wants to have a conversation --  with them -- at that time ); or incessantly ask for assistance they don't need, because they want social contact. As much as I wish I could say that we aren't paid to be friends with people (which feels one step away from prostitution/consort work), upper Management seems to have no problem with expecting people to do so. 
 Then there are the people with (usually, assumed) mental problems who behave erratically (and/or ritualistically) and sometimes in a hostile manner, depending on the brain chemistry of the day. Not to mention the ones that will comment on librarians' bodies (is that worse?), or ask intrusive personal questions. I guess, "because they want to know you." And they don't think that maybe you don't have an interest in giving out facts about your personal life to someone you don't know. 
 And yes, I did break up with somebody who insisted on calling me a, "sexy Librarian."  That **** doesn 't help. I don't get a buzz out of being called "sexy," especially when you're simultaneously misgendering and stereotyping me. You are supposed to know better. I imagine you smacking your lips, self-satisfied -- I am not the person you want me to be. 
 That is, there's a host of interpersonal difficulties that come with being behind that desk, which are made even harder when one gets into libraries for the perceived safety, the inclusivity, and the information; and not, so much, to serve the public (meaning, "everyone who doesn't violate policy [regardless of whether you agree with policy]"). When that's compounded with a lack of effective training from Management on dealing with these points (and then chalked up by Management to the employee's [or Manager's] personal failing when it isn't handled well), it's not a good situation. Especially when one  asked  for applicable training, and had it denied. 
 But seriously: it was only seven months. Although that list up there ^ is from 10 years of experience. 
 Well, actually, maybe it is a good thing that I'm not in Public Service right now, and I  really should  aim for Cataloging Librarianship. The thing is, I'm not sure to what degree I will be able to both handle a job as a basic, "Librarian," and also avoid Public Service. Kind of like I'm not sure to what degree I can be a Metadata Librarian and also avoid Computer Programming. 
 Or how I can learn Computer Programming without my brain screeching out of stress. I'm not a Programmer. At least, not at this point; but I would suspect, not ever. Markup Languages (HTML, XML) and Stylesheets (CSS; I stopped at XSLT) are different, but higher-level functionality (XPath, and I suspect JavaScript) makes my brain hurt. Then there is MySQL and…I think it was, Oracle (that is, an instance of Relational Database Design & Implementation, and language to Query that database). That wasn't great, either. 
 And no, I didn't know what I was getting into before I got into it. 
 I'm thinking it has a lot to do with all the vocabulary getting mixed up together: entities, attributes, elements, relations, values, etc. And the teachers using the terms like we already know what they mean, when I have to think about the definitions of words within at least three different compound terms just to  try  to understand a single sentence. 
 Given that…I realize that, in contrast, I have a lot of insight into social dynamics, even though I'm not a particularly social person. Last night, I was writing a post on my own…facilities, and special knowledge. I realized that my personal experience with disability (my own, and others'), and my mental focus around the area of marginalization in general…probably would help me in a Public Services capacity. (Not so much as a different temperament would, but.) 
 I do suppose that with everything that I've experienced, I'd also likely be good as an Academic Librarian. 
 What I realized, when I was writing my post, is that I have deep, visceral knowledge of what it's like to be a multiply-impacted minority in this country. It's…something that I am not entirely aware of, until weighing the benefit I could bring someone else through my experience, and realize that -- for something like Ethnic Studies or Gender Studies (and hey look, there  is  a  Disability Studies  [now]), I have direct experience of what it's like to live through what a lot of people just read about. 
 That is, I forget that my experience could be influenced by others altering the way they deal with me because of my (ambiguous) race in addition to my sex in addition to my apparent gender (which is not my gender) in addition to my apparent age (which is not my age), while my disability's stigma (after I reveal I have one) can cause fear in those who are supposed to help, and none of the random sexual attention from men on the job is wanted (that is, I'm not a heterosexual woman, and I certainly don't want a man who starts off by playing power games based on  who he thinks I am  [that is, subordinate to him], based on my appearance). 
 Wow, that's…clear. 
 Maybe I should just be a Writer. It's a solitary vocation. Of course, though, it requires a second income. And also, reading; which is not entirely…something I feel comfortable prioritizing while I'm in classes, but it would feed my writing. 
 I'm having two issues with my writing, right now. 
 One, when I spend the majority of my time writing, I cut down on time that I should be spending reading in order to enter into dialogue with other ideas and other writers. 
 Two, when I write, I write some things that I don't feel safe publishing (even with the First Amendment; this country can be grievously unfair when it comes to the full protection of minority citizens), and that stops the entire discursive process in my mind. What I know I need to do is write my way through that content, without intending on publishing it, so I can get to what's after it. Or, develop what I've written before. I don't even necessarily know what I've been doing for the last week, but I know I haven't been working on any of my Creative Writing projects. Or art projects (other than setting up the new palette). 
 Ah, that's right: I've been working on second language acquisition (which by its nature is very basic) -- particularly, new  kanji --  and my class. Hmm. 
 Then, there's the point that major life decisions have come up within the last week. 
 I've also been writing, here, and that takes more time than I realize. One recent post took five hours. I've been writing this one, since last night. 
 I don't feel so bad, anymore. The thing is, in my evenings, I can write here or in my notebooks, and/or study Japanese language. In the daytime, when my mind is sharper, I should be studying Library Science. Maybe after that, I can read in English and, you know, develop content…though perhaps the book I'm  attempting  to read isn't actually interesting to me, right now. Regardless of its disputable topic aligning with my interests. 
 I still need to be looking at Writing and Editing jobs. Seriously.  Even if  Editing is an interpersonally-intense vocation, at least I wouldn't be dealing with the general public. I'd be dealing with approved Writers and other people in the Publishing Industry. Not that that would necessarily be  easier … 
 …but I know Writers. I've been around Writers. I'm a trained Writer. 
 Maybe it would be. (There's also the fact that if I'm an Editor, the authors of the works I commission probably wouldn't be as likely to overstep their bounds -- because hey, it's hard to get a book deal. And Editors aren't designated as, "Public Servants," which some members of the Public interpret to mean, "sub-human and unworthy of respect." [And we wonder why minority Librarians are apt to leave the field?]) 
 So right now…I know that I want to be reading and writing, and learning Japanese language (  nihongo  ), and working on my class. That's enough to plan on -- right? 
 Reading and writing could further my career in the direction of becoming a published Author, which could help me become an Editor or Professor. Learning  nihongo  could further my career in the direction of becoming a Japanese Language & Literature Professor, and/or an Academic Librarian with a Subject Specialization in Japanese Language and Literature and Creative Writing. And my current class allows me further specialization in Cataloging Librarianship. 
 As for hobbies: drawing and watercolor, fountain pens/stationery, sewing, beadwork (weaving, stringing, micromacramé) are current…but the only things I've been doing recently have been playing with pens and stationery, and trying to organize my watercolors. 
 As for specializations: we have diversity & inclusion -- especially in regard to LGBTQIA, cultural and racial diversity, neurodiversity. Then there are color interactions & color harmonies, which tie together my hobbies. Beaded micromacramé. Jewelry design. Parapsychological thrillers. Library Science. 
 …and maybe…just maybe, I should work on sewing that blouse I cut out at the beginning of lockdown. Making and altering clothing  could  be a valuable skill, even if I  can 't  see myself as a clothing designer, at this point. 
 And, regardless…it might take my mind off things… 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Tagged  disability ,  intersectional feminism ,  intersectionality ,  jobs ,  LGBTQIA ,  minority ,  pink-collar ,  public service ,  racism ,  sexism Leave a comment 
 career ,  creative writing ,  libraries ,  LIS ,  psychology ,  writing 
 Hypergraphia? 
 September 26, 2020September 26, 2020   Haruaki 
 Given that my last hard-copy journal entry was titled PPP (Pretty Poor Productivity, which I could easily manipulate into an acronym emphasizing more completely my frustration), it seems surprising that I would come back to the blog instead of doing classwork. Especially as we're getting set up for another heat wave, to begin tomorrow. 
 I've been intending to get my non-deliverable homework done by the end of the night, as I don't foresee using the computer in the daylight hours between tomorrow and Monday. I also don't want to fall behind; it's disheartening. Tomorrow can be used to catch up on my reading (I only have 20 pages). 
 Beyond that, though: there's more to be done, really, than putting one foot in front of the other. Long-term…we've just made a decision which may turn out to be momentous in its impact on our lives, though it's a fall-back position. I won't get too far into it (in public or at this time, at least), but I wanted to note it. 
 Right now, I'm feeling distracted. I've just gotten through cleaning up a bunch of stuff in the craft area; M is there now, cleaning up her things. I have been…likely distracted since a second round of paints arrived, and then there are the pens I have been talking about, which have been getting attention since maybe Thursday? Then there is the language training thing, which isn't bad…but if the backup plan goes through, I just  might  be able to take in-person classes, after COVID is no longer an issue.  If  that ever happens. 
 And yes, I do suppose it's possible that I'm a bit depressed. It's kind of hard, not to be. 
 I mean, it's kind of like, "Where am I going with my life?" I know I have strong English skill and Art skill…and some Computer-oriented skill. But I've spent the last 10 years figuring out what I  don 't  want to do, following a career path that I knew nothing about when I chose it, because of a Vocational program which -- other than helping finance my schooling and giving coaching for how to apply for jobs -- really may not have been all that great?… 
 It was good to get me into my  first  job. That doesn't mean much, though, except that now I have a track record and people who know me. 
 The major issue for me, if this fall-back position goes through, is going to be figuring out what to do for money. Especially considering that there may not be many non-service-oriented jobs in the area. Now that I've mentioned that, you may realize what I'm talking about… 
 …and it may be more worth it for me to do some reading on psychology and anger management, and try and adapt to the world, instead of being upset when people fail to live up to my expectations (which, with the general public, is a regular-enough occurrence). 
 If nothing were to change, I'd be seriously considering writing and art as venues within which, to sell my labor. I suppose I can still do that. It's just that -- and this is something I've been dealing with for a long time -- working creatively feels like a waste of my intellect. 
 I think I've gone over that in my private journal, though. It could well hold for  any  job, though: that working as one little cog in a machine is simpler and a waste of my talent, when I could be working on my own projects. 
 So maybe I really  should  look at being self-employed. 
 I've been having a recurring series of dreams about going back into Undergraduate training and into the Hard Sciences like I thought I would as a teenager. I just feel like I could be helping to cure diseases or something, and instead, I've been dealing with random hostile **** being a front-line service worker. 
 But -- as I have been learning with XML/XPath/XSLT -- if I know from the outset that I don't like the classes, what makes me think that I'll like the work that the classes are training me to do? What makes me think, "it gets better?" Being "cool" doesn't get very far when I seriously have to deal with work that I dislike (and Computer Programming, I've found, I dislike). 
 The most obvious opening, for me, is becoming an author or writer or Lecturer or Professor at the University level…that's possible, and it's even…interesting. But that's going back into Academia. Do I really  want  to do that? 
 When the alternative is service work or computer work, the answer is yes; when the answer is art work or writing…there's actually a complication which occurs. 
 Seriously, though: do I really want to put in another 2-4 years of work to gain an MA or PhD? 
 (If the question is if I would do that for an  MFA,  the answer is an emphatic, "yes"; but then I have to pick a field. Creative Writing, or Drawing and Painting?) 
 And then there is the possibility of studying Japanese Language and Literature, which…I would seriously, like to do. At least, from here, I think I would like to do it. 
 And if I'm doing that, I might as well work in a University Library and get free tuition. Getting an additional Master's would clear me to work in the position of an Academic Librarian, pretty much anywhere. Would I really like to do that, though (especially given that Academic Librarianship also involves teaching at the University level)? 
 That is -- am I actually OK with going through the process of gaining tenure, or traveling around until I can do so? 
 But that sounds sweet, guys. That really sounds, sweet. 
 Like  hella effin ' sweet.  I'd learn to read and write in Japanese, and my reading can enhance my writing, and I'd get to help the University kids, and live in University towns for the rest of my life. 
 I might also be able to focus on comparative literature; at least, after that's over. Though Comparative Literature has never really been my goal, I've read into at least one book  (Articulations of Difference: Gender Studies and Writing in French)  , which was what originally whet my appetite for non-English writing. 
 I can't believe it. I found a bright spot! Through writing! I love writing! :D 
 There are also accelerated courses at the place I'm looking at, which sounds so good! And I could get to teach at the University level, about something I'm actually interested in! 
 At the beginning of this post, I typed "Hypergraphia" as the title. That's basically due to the fact that I'm just pretty obsessed with writing, as I can tell from yesterday. "Hypergraphia" is a psychological term for the compulsive desire to write. I'm pretty sure it's what was getting me through my Creative Writing training, when I felt like writing was one of the only constants in my life. It's also likely what I was going through, as a teen. 
 Of course, though: if I had a mental condition which was causing me to write compulsively, and then that condition is treated and no longer rules me…the question is, what do I do with my life, then? 
 Learn another language? ;) Read a whole lot? Journal? Get back to writing for its benefits without letting it drive me into the ground? 
 I'm feeling so much better. I'm going to end this, here… 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Tagged  academic librarianship ,  employment ,  hypergraphia ,  Japanese language ,  nihongo ,  planning ,  university Leave a comment 
 career ,  LIS ,  psychology ,  self care ,  technology 
 Fatigue. 
 September 14, 2020September 14, 2020   Haruaki 
 It's only been within the last 48 hours (last night) that I've recalled the fact that in my youth, I turned to writing because it calmed me. It stabilized me. I've recalled that out of realizing that I'm falling behind in my studies while I'm spending hours writing, although seriously, I only need to concentrate on my one University class, and no(ne of the) others. 
 In the abstract, in the ideal, I want to put my best effort forth for my XML class so that I don't waste the money I invested. However…given the last week, no -- given the last three weeks -- I can see my priorities shifting. I was going to say, "I can see my mental state deteriorating," but I'm not sure that's true (entirely). It's likely more or less normal to be disturbed at this time, with heat waves and fires and smoke and lockdown and politics and COVID-19 (although I think our own continued lockdown re: COVID-19 is voluntary). 
 I suppose I can be thankful for being as functional as I am, right now. At least I can still write, and I can still make art. Though yesterday, I was working on my assignments for my University class (not XML)…and it's very clear that I'm experiencing fatigue, and it's impacting both my motivation to work, and my ability to focus. This class is dry…and I'm wondering if a life of desiccation is what I want. (Apologies to my Professor.) 
 Late last night, I was able to get some studying done…though it is, honestly, seeming unimportant right now. I'm still 10 pages away (at least) from the end of my lecture, which isn't…great, but I've gotten through the first 14, so that's something. The thing is…the XML course series is about coding, but it's on a different level from my Web Design (HTML5/CSS3) course. It takes work to understand what the code means, particularly for me, with XPath (which is a foundational skill for XSLT). XSLT is helpful in crosswalking data from one metadata schema to another, or for converting an XML document into another form of output (like HTML). This will inevitably come up, if I become a Metadata Librarian. That doesn't mean it's easy. Nor does it mean I could have predicted it. 
 In practicality, I have an assignment due today, but am struggling with feeling overwhelmed. This may be due in part to the fact that I haven't finished the reading for this week (and am also otherwise behind, in the series). And, well, the crazy weather. And the craziness in general. Let's not forget that I've barely been out of the house in the last seven months, and we still can't open the windows because of smoke. 
 I also see that it's been a week since I've last drawn, I still haven't gotten back to  Middlesex,  I'm stalling on my Japanese language lessons, and though I've got the seeds of three watercolor paintings in me right now (all with a little bit, to a modicum of work already done), they need some more planning and/or experimenting. 
 The logical thing to do is to get back to those last 10 pages of the lecture, and then at least try the assignment. However, I know I don't want to. 
 If I'm going to read something to get my mind off of things, however: I might as well try reading that, first, and seeing if it helps anything. The fact is that I planned on signing up for these courses in large part so that I wouldn't have the free time and energy to ruminate about lockdown. I've completed four of them already. I am likely OK. 
 I have been told that if I do get to work on my Art instead of my XML class, that will be acceptable,  so long as I do the Art.  It's not…the worst idea… 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Tagged  classes ,  courses ,  COVID-19 ,  distractions ,  fatigue ,  lockdown ,  priorities ,  stress Leave a comment 
 art ,  career ,  creativity ,  libraries ,  money ,  psychology ,  writing 
 Rediscovering myself 
 September 12, 2020   Haruaki 
 Or: maybe getting degrees in Art and Creative Writing, weren't unfortunate mistakes. 
 It has been almost seven months since I last set foot in a Library as an employee. With that amount of time away, it has become fairly apparent to me that Librarianship is not my life's work. It's a way to stay housed, fed, and clothed. It's also a way to earn enough money to work on my art, have time and reason to read literature, and have enough resources left-over for a computer. 
 But it's not my life's work. It was never meant to be. It  finances  my life's work, the latter of which, I was meant to get back to after I finished my degree. 
 Today, I did something (else) personally significant. (The first thing was to  get back to my art , which required breaking through an environmentalist barrier [or alternately, excuse] which may have only been significant, to me.) 
 I began again to read fiction. Specifically, I've had  Middlesex  by Jeffrey Eugenides facing me on my bookshelf for months. I stopped reading it at the point I realized that the main character's intersexuality was being blamed on an episode of incest. Yeah, that could be…rather insulting. I guess it's what happens when an author feels the need to explain every point of the story logically, even when they don't understand the situation or the mechanisms pertaining to it. 
 (I should disclose that I don't actually  know  that incest is not the vector that leads to intersexuality, but I strongly suspect it isn't.) 
 I need to be sure not to mimic, that. 
 Anyhow…I started back in on this, trying not to judge it too harshly. It's been going relatively well. Cal is a sensitive-enough narrator that it's easy to empathize with him and put the author's construction of the scenario out of my mind. 
 I've had a thing against fiction ever since the English Department tried to initiate me into multiple doctrines I disagreed with, in Undergrad work. I think they were trying to prop up their opinions/value systems/historical illusions/current delusions with the use of Fiction, while seeming to forget that Fiction is usually fabricated of what many authors would overtly call, "lies." Having been raised to be an extremely conscientious and honest person, this was incompatible with my outlook and with my ethics. 
 Well, I found something else that was compatible with my ethics (wanting to sustain a comfortable living while not charging money), and that was Librarianship. Or, so I thought. 
 I didn't quite realize how extremely political the situation I was getting myself into, was. It's not like I don't consider myself left-wing. I'm solidly left-wing. However, I see people behaving as though they are left-wing, even with multiple layers of hypocrisy (and doormat) riddled over the top of that, because (it seems) they want to feel as though they are "good" people. And they seem to think that their politics make them, "good." It's as if they can't have a positive self-image unless they believe something about themselves that is not only unhealthy, altruistic and unrealistic, but at its root false and untenable. 
 That is, politics can help lead people to places of inauthenticity, and lack of self-esteem and fear of self-knowledge, can bind them there. 
 The sad thing is that in my journey through both undergraduate and graduate work, I've found myself bouncing back and forth between professors so conservative I've wanted to intentionally shift the ground under their feet, and professors (and some co-workers) so "liberal" that I had a hard time taking them seriously. Especially when I was living at my first University…I found it troubling when the University itself tried to be so "liberal" that staff made stupid decisions and seemed to dare anyone to challenge them (lest the challenger be seen as a conservative bigot; and not, for example, a concerned member of the primary University community, which should have been the students). 
 In any case: I did begin to read again, today. You could call it "recreational" reading, or you could call it study of the craft of literature. It's probably both. I realized that if I did want to write fiction (and a lot of the ideas I have do suit themselves better to the provisional-belief model of fiction, rather than the cemented, well-thought-out, realistic [or, irresponsible] ideals of nonfiction), it would help to have some recent, real-life examples. 
 It would also help for those examples to be taken from published monographs, and not -- for example -- short stories of the type published in Literary Magazines. The latter are much less of a time and emotional investment, but they are also generally of lower quality than full-length books, due to the fact that many writers  get their start  in Literary Magazines. LitMags are designed more to show you the next new up-and-coming authors; not necessarily, finely-honed professional pieces. 
 I'm hoping that this time when I've gotten into fiction, I'll be able to put out of my mind the politics of the authors. This is with the hope that I also will be able to put self-judgment out of my mind as I write  my own  work. A major reason I stopped writing: I had tried to analyze my own writing as I would analyze the writings of anyone else I had read…and I got a rather disturbing picture. 
 That doesn't necessarily mean that my analysis was, "true," or, "fact." There are always multiple valid ways of interpreting the same text (though the interpretation often says more about the interpreter than the text s/he is interpreting -- when both are the same, however…). It means that my then-self-destructive mind was able to weaponize it as something with which, to take me down. 
 Of course, back then, I was very young. I didn't know  how not to overthink  things. I also wasn't at the age where I could set self-judgment aside for the sake of expression. There's a point one reaches in one's life where one realizes that there are always going to be spots in one's character that one dislikes. That doesn't mean one should stop living. To do otherwise is perfectionism, and  perfect is the enemy of good . 
 Seriously. That kind of sums up everything of the place I'm at, right now. 
 So, I'm back into reading, which should help me get back into writing. I'm also back into art; specifically, painting and drawing. I feel…like this is where I'm supposed to be. And it doesn't have to be a holy calling, like I dreamed it was when I was a youth. It's just what I'm good at, and what I'm drawn to. It's what I  actually  want to do; what I  would  do if money were not an issue. 
 When my XML instructor mentioned practicing with XSLT during all of our down time, I knew it was not what I wanted. My free time has been pre-established as creative time. My priority is creativity, not coding. 
 I don't want to get into a place where I have to spend my entire life circling around computers, cataloging, classification, indexing, abstracting, coding, technical writing, etc., all of which seem to center around obeying rules. I don't want the need for money to cause me to forget who I am and stop me from creating. 
 I don't want, that is, to become a non-creative person, or to be pushed into that lifestyle because I'm afraid to strike out on my own. 
 Right now…I've just given myself long enough (two weeks) without too much pressure, to see what I really want to do. Of course…I have two classes going. I'm thinking of dropping the nonessential one -- the one that ends in three weeks -- and foregoing the technical certificate I had planned on obtaining. We've been talking at my house about how the threat of death that could come at any time, causes one to think about what one really wants to do with the time they  do  have. 
 Apparently, that's entirely appropriate. My thought is that I don't want to go out of this world having spent all of my life doing schoolwork; constantly preparing, never putting my skills to use. Even when I've gotten the chance not to do schoolwork, I've chosen to do it. 
 But…in reality, I may be better off using my skills at Writing and Art to piece together a living, than becoming an Information Professional. Without a doubt, the return is less. But I might actually be happy in aligning my interests and my activities; as versus compromising my values for the sake of income which I then can't enjoy, because I'm too busy with my current work and Professional Development to develop my own set of creative skills. 
 Language. Reading. Art. Writing. Stories. These are themes I see which…I'm relatively motivated around. They're things I honestly take pleasure in, even with the psychological risks. I've realized that if I can boost myself to the point where I am not afraid to make things from my own experience, and to say what I think; to depict what I wish, regardless of whether there is historical precedent; I may be equipped to take this path on. And, possibly, succeed at it. 
 The only reason I took up a job in the Library (besides the fact that I didn't want to be constantly told I didn't belong; little did I know how much the social difficulties of still being constantly automatically slotted would impact me) is that I thought it might encourage me to read, which would encourage me to write. 
 I still have neither witnessed nor ever taken part in a successful Reader's Advisory interview. (Not that I didn't try.) That is…Fiction collections in the Library in which I used to work, are relatively opaque. They never became less so. The best bet I have of getting into the modern literary world, is just to start reading.  Middlesex  may be as good a place to start, as any. 
 In this period of release…I realize how fundamental it is to me, to write. I realize I gain intrinsic pleasure from writing, and from painting and drawing -- at least, when I do it in my own way. That feeling: of doing something I want to do, that I honestly derive joy from, that I'm better off for after having participated in the work; is missing in my career. I wouldn't know what I wanted to do, without having extended time away from work…and being able to choose my actions, in reality. I'm aware it's a privilege that most don't get. 
 But this isn't over, yet. I just need to make my own way. I hear that, as intimidating as it is, it's not unusual… 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Tagged  English ,  ethics ,  life ,  longreads ,  priorities ,  reading 1 Comment 
 career ,  LIS ,  organization ,  personal ,  planning 
 Languages 
 August 29, 2020   Haruaki 
 I made the realization the other night that all three of the courses I'm in have more or less to do with language acquisition. "Three," I say, even though one of them is free -- for now. XML is obviously a markup language (related to HTML); Japanese language is also obviously a language. In addition, I'm finding myself becoming "conversant" in the terms and ideas surrounding Subject indexing in an LIS environment. (I didn't even know what the term, "Indexing," referred to, prior.) 
 The course I'm in now in regard to indexing -- that is, assigning Subject metadata -- is one I needed to take when I was in Grad School, but didn't. I was too focused on getting in and getting out before anything could happen to upend my life. I don't think anybody expected  this  in 2020, but it could be -- personally speaking -- worse. Much worse. (There's still time yet, you say. There's always time, yet…until there isn't. So I should value my time.) 
 If I hadn't started my training in 2012, I would have had four extra years to play around with as regarded my schooling. However, as I entered the program early and then Withdrew, only to come back four years later…there could have been some complications with my Financial Aid. Retaking three core courses (as I would have been required to do) would have been nothing, but continued funding in the form of grants and student loans…no one told me what might happen, with that. And, of course, it would have been nice to have had an Advisor who could have told me (though I may have gone over that, before). 
 On top of it, my core course in Management was one of the most stressful I've ever taken; it was, largely, the reason I Withdrew. Several years later, I realized that I shouldn't let one bad experience (even if it was a semester long) put me off of a gainful career. It's the same thing that happened with Beginning Cataloging, which was also a terrible experience (along with trying to broach the problem in that class to a colleague at work, which was traumatic). I should note that it wouldn't have been so terrible, had the instructors made efforts at cultural inclusivity, and had they had less pride invested in their ways; but they were unaware. The person I talked to at work, whom I had considered a mentor (though I don't think they knew), didn't care about my perspective. 
 For that matter, I was unaware for the most part that  I  was effectively an ethnic minority with ethnic-minority ideas in their classes, and that I was an ethnic minority at work (and that I was talking to people who may have been culturally White -- appearances don't infer the presence or lack of race-related hostility and bias [I've learned the hard way]), or I might have been able to account for my discomfort. But I've stated in the backlog of these posts that nowhere have I felt like an ethnic minority moreso than at University. That is to say, nowhere else have I felt so "othered" and alienated and excluded and not-understood, than at University. 
 But apparently, that's what a person goes through for relative social mobility?  Even if I expect  discrimination and hostility and being passed over after graduation? 
 In any case…languages. 
 I'm almost done with my last reading for this week in Vocabulary Design, which is what I had been seeking (and did not find) within my Subject Analysis course (that is,  how are subjects determined for any given information source?) . Right now I'm trying to figure out if I actually do need any other courses from this source, aside from RDA -- which, in turn, I might be better off taking someplace where my grade point average (and hence my privileges at University) won't be impacted. (This is given that I didn't do my best in Beginning Cataloging, which is a prerequisite.) At least…until I know what I'm doing with the material from Beginning Cataloging. 
 I have a couple of avenues to investigate, right now. My major issue is that my existing text (  Cataloging and Classification  , 4th ed., by Chan and Salaba) is …dense. And thick. And intimidating. It's kind of hard to take in, honestly, given that it's basically an instruction manual/reference source, and not an instructional text. 
 Not to mention that things have changed -- a lot -- since 2016, when it was published. 
 I have just realized that, for one thing, I can and should go over my saved "lectures" from Beginning Cataloging. I can also obtain texts which present the material in a way I can more easily understand. As a last resort (?) I can either subscribe to OCLC's professional cataloging tool, using which, I can work out the problems in my old "lectures" (at least in the non-Dewey sections); or I can use the freely available information from the LOC. It seems like the latter should precede the former, however. 
 At least that's recorded, now. I can flesh it out more later, as I get deeper into the work. 
 I haven't been certain as to whether I want to set aside time (as in a work schedule) to get all of this stuff done. I still need to edit my Portfolio (to prepare for the day when I  will  apply for a job), as well as pay attention to both Vocabulary Design and the XML series. Japanese language also falls in there, though at this point, that is more of a welcome respite from technical material, and doesn't really  need  to get done on any schedule. 
 Then there are the readings I've wanted to do -- to finish  Jump-Start Your Career as a Digital Librarian,  and to read through  Essential Classification.  On top of that is reviewing my saved Beginning Cataloging lectures, to see if they make any more sense this time. Right now, I have 54 pages before the end of  Rethinking Information Work,  which maybe I should just finish. There are also some books which I found through the bibliographies in the latter, which might be interesting. Ah, and  Elementary Japanese: Volume One,  I've begun to work through. (It does boost my mood when I can understand what I read and hear.) 
 Other than that, I can't think of much that actually  needs  to be done, aside from daily things -- chores, hygiene, cooking, sleeping. (Let's not forget, sleeping.  I can forget sleeping, okay,  let's not forget sleeping.) ;P 
 For the past two weeks, my schedule has been off-kilter due to the heat and fires, which made it impractical to establish any sort of routine. Maybe now, I can begin to form some kind of order out of my time… 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Tagged  continuing education ,  language acquisition ,  languages ,  minority ,  scheduling ,  time ,  time management ,  university Leave a comment 
 Posts navigation 
 Older posts 
 Blogroll 
 
 Wescott Jewelry 
 Potomac Bead Company 
 Deira's Den 
 R. Sherman Designs 
 EJR Designs 
 The Indecisive Beader 
 Cords and Crystals 
 Marion Jewels in Fiber (blog) 
 Land of Odds (blog) 
 
 Ten Most Recent Posts 
 
 I'm going to act like I posted this before midnight  January 21, 2021 
 Wait…do I have, "artist problems?"  January 1, 2021 
 I write too much…  December 31, 2020 
 Sparked  December 22, 2020 
 The reason why I was in classes  December 19, 2020 
 Still alive.  December 15, 2020 
 CA Daily 4 Draw Numbers for 11/23/2020: 1918  November 24, 2020 
 Using your words  November 21, 2020 
 Speculation  November 17, 2020 
 Switching modes…is difficult.  November 4, 2020 
 
 Dates Posted 
 
 
 
 January 2021 S 
 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 
 
 10 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 
 
 17 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 
 
 24 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 
 
 31 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 « Dec 
 Categories within this blog 
 art   beading   beadweaving   beadwork   career   color   comics   craft   creative writing   creativity   design   drawing   fiber arts   garments   glass beads   illustration   jewelry design   libraries   LIS   macrame   organization   painting   personal   psychology   seed beads   self care   sewing   spirituality   work   writing 
 Too many tags? 
 adulting   anxiety   art supplies   beading   beads   bead weaving   books   cabochons   cataloging   classes   coding   color   comics   continuing education   courses   COVID-19   craft jeweling   crafts   creative practice   creative process   crochet   Czech glass   databases   enby   face masks   fatigue   fibers   fiction   foreign language   fountain pens   gender   gender identity   graphic arts   graphic novels   handcrafting   identity   indy comics   Japanese language   jobs   knitting   lace   languages   lfs   LGBTQIA   librarianship   life   longreads   materials   mental health   microbusiness   micromacrame   nihongo   nonbinary   OCD   paintbrushes   pearls   pens   planning   priorities   process   projects   publishing   quilting   reading   seed bead   sewing   stone   swatches   tech   time management   tiny beads   watercolor   watercolors   web publishing   work-life balance 
 Backposts 
 Backposts Select Month January 2021  December 2020  November 2020  October 2020  September 2020  August 2020  July 2020  June 2020  May 2020  April 2020  March 2020  February 2020  January 2020  December 2019  November 2019  October 2019  September 2019  August 2019  July 2019  June 2019  May 2019  April 2019  March 2019  February 2019  July 2018  December 2015  July 2014  May 2014  April 2014  June 2012  January 2011  November 2010  August 2010  July 2010  June 2010  May 2010  April 2010  March 2010  February 2010  January 2010  December 2009  November 2009 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
  Hidden Jewels  
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 %d bloggers like this: 
