Collection Spotlight from the National Rehabilitation Information Center 
 New resources and hidden gems from the NARIC collection. 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About NARIC 
 
 Blog Policies 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 <- Tutoría para la transición de la escuela al trabajo y la carrera 
 Answered Questions: Monthly News for the Disability Community for October 2018 -> 
 Mentoring for Transition from School to Work to Career 
 Posted on  October 17, 2018  by  naricspotlight 
 Today is  Disability Mentoring Day , a nationwide effort coordinated by the American Association of People with Disabilities (AAPD) to promote career development for students and job-seekers with disabilities through hands-on career exploration and ongoing mentoring relationships. Mentors may offer support, counseling, reinforcement, and constructive examples for a young person to reach their work and life goals. Mentorship can take several forms, such as a young person exploring a career field with an adult with many years of experience in that field, a peer mentoring relationship between a young person or a newly-injured person and someone with similar lived experience, or an emerging scholar or researcher working with an academic or clinical advisor in a university program. 
 The NIDILRR grantee community has examined mentoring as a strategy in all of these areas, from young people transitioning from school to work to those advancing their careers in research: 
 The  Rehabilitation Research and Training Center (RRTC) on Pathways to Positive Futures * is conducting a study called  Project Futures  which pairs college freshmen with lived experience in both foster care and mental health challenges with “near peer” mentors with similar lived experience who were trained to help them identify and work toward academic and social goals. The mentors are also supported by faculty and staff volunteers called Campus Champions.  Learn more about how this program was developed and recommendations for supporting the student-coach-Champion relationship in ways that help students get the most out of program mentoring and connections across campus  (PDF). 
 The  RRTC on Employment Outcomes for Individuals who are Blind or Visually Impaired  (2010-2015) conducted a trial of an  employment mentoring program for college students who are blind . They found that participants in the mentoring program benefitted from working with mentors who were also blind and had experience navigating employment in their career field. The students who participated were more efficient in their job search activities. The project resulted in an employment mentoring manual, resources for job seekers, and an online short course on employment mentoring. See also  For College Graduates who are Legally Blind, Finding a Job Can Be Tough But Mentoring Can Help  and  Career Mentors Can Help College Students Who Are Legally Blind Build Confidence to Find Jobs  from our Research In Focus series to learn more about these findings. 
 The  Langston University RRTC on Research and Capacity Building for Minority Entities  used a peer-to-peer mentorship model to build skills and experience among emerging scholars and researchers from diverse ethnic and racial groups. Participating fellows were paired with mentors to learn research skills, enhance their confidence in their abilities with state-of-the-science knowledge about measurement and methodology, and direct hands-on experience in conducting research and developed and submitting publications and grant proposals.  Learn more about this program in LU RRTC’s research brief. 
 Other examples of mentoring from NIDILRR-funded projects include… 
 
 A  Spinal Cord Injury Peer Mentoring Program  pairing newly injured individuals with volunteers who can answer their questions and “show them the ropes” of living with SCI (PDF). 
 A  Burn Injury Peer Support Program  connecting survivors and their families with others who have experience burn injury 
 Parenting Know-How tips and advice on parenting with a disability  from parents who’ve been there. 
 
 In addition to these individual projects, NIDILRR funds the Advanced Rehabilitation Research Training (ARRT) grants. Announced in 1986, the ARRTs prepare individuals with advanced clinical training for research careers in fields related to rehabilitation. Each five-year center has a focus, such as health policy or neuromuscular disorders. Trainees, including those with disabilities, receive support and instruction from experienced researchers in the field, who direct their efforts to develop and conduct research projects, prepare and submit publications and grant applications, participate in scientific conferences, and continue to develop their skills and abilities toward their career goals including post-doctoral degrees. Since the program’s launch, ARRT trainees and their mentors have produced more than 1,000 publications which we have indexed in REHABDATA.  Explore current and completed ARRTs in the NIDILRR Program Database . 
 Want to dig deeper? Explore some of the research on mentoring available from the NARIC collection: 
 
 NIDILRR-funded research on mentoring 
 NIDILRR-funded research on peer support 
 US and International research on mentoring 
 US and International research on “peer support” 
 Explore some of the recent publications from the ARRTs (last 5 years) 
 
 *This project is also supported by the Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services Administration (SAMHSA). 
 Share this: 
 
 Email 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 More 
 
 
 
 Pinterest 
 Reddit 
 
 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  Uncategorized  and tagged  #NIDILRRat40 ,  Disability Mentoring Day ,  employment ,  mentoring ,  transition . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 <- Tutoría para la transición de la escuela al trabajo y la carrera 
 Answered Questions: Monthly News for the Disability Community for October 2018 -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 
 
 NARIC is here to help 
 
 
 NARIC's information specialists are available Monday to Friday, 8:30 am to 5:30 pm. 
800/346-2742 
naricinfo@heitechservices.com 
 www.naric.com 
Hablamos Espanol! 
 
 
 Search the Spotlight Blog 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Posts by category 
 
 
 Posts by category Select Category Answer Queue Article Audiovisual Clinial/Rehab trials Continuing Education digital archive Event Fact sheet Grant/scholarship opportunity Guide history Legislation News noticias Organization Patron Requests/Feedback Project Proyecto Publications Report Research In Brief Research Study Respuestas a las Preguntas Right Resources Right Now Spanish Special announcements Survey Uncategorized Updates webcasts webinar Website Weekly News Roundup 
 
 
 Follow NARICInfo 
 
 Commit To Connect - @ ACLgov  is building a network to find solutions to social isolation and loneliness in the commu…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   3 days ago 
 New  #AskMeAnything  on employment: Stigma in the Workplace. Dr. Zlatka Russinova is taking your questions on address…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   4 days ago 
 Webinar 1/27 join @ UMDisabilityCtr  to discuss Policy Solutions to Support Family Caregivers   ow.ly/foUl50DeOx7   https://t.co/5tZDMnzUiQ   4 days ago 
 Have you checked out the latest episode of Adventures in Accessibility? @ RockyMtnADA  has some great guests sharing…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   4 days ago 
 Webinar 1/26: Making the connection - Aging, transportation and the ADA with @ ADAinfo  and @ NADTCmobility    ow.ly/YwrN50DeOt9   4 days ago 
 
 
 
 
 
 accesibilidad 
 accessibility 
 ADA 
 aging 
 Alzheimer's Disease 
 Americans with Disabilities Act 
 assistive technology 
 autism 
 autismo 
 brain injury 
 children 
 conference 
 developmental disabilities 
 diabetes 
 Disabilities 
 disability 
 discapacidad 
 discapacidades 
 educacion 
 education 
 empleo 
 employment 
 envejecimiento 
 familias 
 families 
 health 
 inclusion 
 independent living 
 intellectual disabilities 
 investigacion 
 Investigaciones de NIDILRR 
 Investigación de NIDILRR 
 Latinos 
 LCT 
 lesion cerebral traumatica 
 lesion de la medula espinal 
 LME 
 mental health 
 minorities 
 NARIC 
 NIDILRR 
 NIDILRR Projects 
 NIDILRR Research 
 NIDRR 
 NIDRR projects 
 NIDRR research 
 niños 
 owusu 
 participation 
 people with disabilities 
 personas con discapacidades 
 proyectos de NIDILRR 
 proyectos de NIDRR 
 psychiatric disabilities 
 REHABDATA 
 rehabilitacion 
 rehabilitation 
 research 
 salud mental 
 SCI 
 Spanish 
 Spanish-language 
 spinal cord injury 
 sports 
 survey 
 TBI 
 TEA 
 technology 
 tecnologia 
 tecnología de asistencia 
 teddowusu 
 teddy 
 traumatic brain injury 
 vocational rehabilitation 
 webinar 
 
 
 
 Produced by the National Rehabilitation Information Center. A project funded by The National Institute on Disability, Independent Living, and Rehabilitation Research (NIDILRR), under contract number GS-06F-0726Z. 
 
 
  Collection Spotlight from the National Rehabilitation Information Center  
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
