
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Cmptl and Data Sci Rsch Spec 4 
 University of California, San Diego 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Cmptl and Data Sci Rsch Spec 4 
 __ University of California, San Diego 
 [](mailto:?subject=Cmptl%20and%20Data%20Sci%20Rsch%20Spec%204&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/14140713/cmptl-and-data-sci-rsch-spec-4/ "Email")  
 Application 
   
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 November 24, 2020 
 Location: 
 La Jolla, California 
 __ Show Map 
 Salary: 
 Open 
 The effects of the COVID-19 pandemic have impacted UC San Diego Campus hiring. UCSD Campus will continue to recruit for essential positions and we ask for your understanding and patience with our application process during this unprecedented time. For more information regarding steps we are taking to keep applicants and staff safe during this time, please click  here . 
 UCSD Layoff from Career Appointment  : Apply by 10/27/20 for consideration with preference for rehire. All layoff applicants should contact their Employment Advisor. 
 Special Selection Applicants  : Apply by 11/5/20. Eligible Special Selection clients should contact their Disability Counselor for assistance. 
 Job posting will remain open until position is filled. 
 DESCRIPTION 
 As an Organized Research Unit of UC San Diego, the San Diego Supercomputer Center (SDSC) is considered a leader in data-intensive computing and cyberinfrastructure, providing resources, services, and expertise to the national research community, including industry and academia. Cyberinfrastructure refers to an accessible, integrated network of computer-based resources and expertise, focused on accelerating scientific inquiry and discovery. SDSC supports hundreds of multidisciplinary programs spanning a wide variety of domains, from earth sciences and biology to astrophysics, bioinformatics, and health IT. SDSC launched Comet, a petascale supercomputer that joins the Center's data-intensive Gordon cluster. SDSC is a partner in XSEDE (eXtreme Science and Engineering Discovery Environment), the most advanced collection of integrated digital resources and services in the world. 
 The Workflows for Data Science (WorDS) Center of Excellence at SDSC offers expertise and services to support data-driven applications, data analysis projects, data scientists and software engineers in their computational practices involving process management. 
 The WIFIRE CI will support an integrated system for wildfire analysis, with specific regard to changing urban dynamics and climate. The system will integrate networked observations such as heterogeneous satellite data and real-time remote sensor data, with computational techniques in signal processing, visualization, modeling, and data assimilation to provide a scalable method to monitor such phenomena as weather patterns that can help predict a wildfire's rate of spread. 
 The SDSC Data Platform project build computational practices for data science application areas. These practices may involve a blend of data management and integration techniques, data analytics methods and software libraries, use of computational workflows, cloud computing and visualization software along with administration of data systems and platforms in including Spark, STORM, and Hadoop. 
 POSITION OVERVIEW: 
 The incumbent will apply advanced computational, computer science, data science, and CI software research and development principles, with relevant domain science knowledge where applicable, to perform highly complex research, technology and software development which involve in-depth evaluation of variable factors impacting large projects of broad scope and complexities, design, develop, and optimize components/tools for major HPC/data science/CI projects, resolve complex research and technology development and integration issues, and give technical presentations to associated research and technology groups and management. 
 The incumbent will also evaluate new hardware and software technologies for advancing complex HPC, data science, CI projects, present novel research outcomes and represents the organization at national and international meetings, conferences and committees, assist in the design, implementation and recommends new hardware and software technologies for advancing complex HPC, data science, CI projects, and lead a team of research and technical staff. 
 In addition, the incumbent will serve as a technical lead in the research and development of multiple research projects in computational data science, enhance and develop techniques for modeling, querying and integrating scientific data including biological, social media and environmental sensor information, and work with international science collaborators to develop requirement specifications for their data science and computing tasks, and develop a research and development plan to execute the tasks. Will develop architectures for data storage, access, integration by storing the information on multiple standard DBMS platforms including Oracle, DB2, PostGres, SQL Server, MySQL etc., as well as semistructured and textual data using XML, graph 
 
 
 Internal Number: 106437 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About  University of California, San Diego 
 UC San Diego is an academic powerhouse and economic engine, recognized as one of the top 8 public universities by U.S. News and World Report. Innovation is central to who we are and what we do. Here, students learn that knowledge isn't just acquired in the classroom - life is their laboratory. UC San Diego's rich academic portfolio includes six undergraduate colleges, five academic divisions and five graduate and professional schools. The university's award-winning scholars are experts at the forefront of their fields with an impressive track record for achieving scientific, medical and technological breakthroughs. 
 Connections working at  University of California, San Diego 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
