Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Front Desk Agent 
 Horseshoe Resort 
 __Barrie, ON 
 Apply Now 
 POSITION:  Front Desk Agent 
 DEPARTMENT:  Front Desk 
 REPORTS TO:  Front Office Manager 
 STATUS OF POSITION:  Part Time 
 At Horseshoe Resort, we are a team that loves to serve people, priding ourselves on the service that our colleagues deliver to our guests. Horseshoe Resort is always looking for talented individuals to join our growing team of hospitality professionals and recreation enthusiasts. If you are outgoing, friendly and love adventure and the outdoors, you may be the person we are looking for! 
 Position Summary 
 The front desk agent is responsible for servicing guests as they arrive at the hotel, including welcoming them to the resort and checking them in while ensuring the highest level of guest satisfaction. This person will be responsible for becoming familiar with packages and group rates offered by the resort. Front desk agents will need to keep in communication with housekeeping as to have the recent room status information. 
 Duties and Responsibilities: 
Be knowledgeable about the Resort, all its amenities, its policies as well as the surrounding area. 
Be familiarized with the general rates, packages, group/special event rates. 
Become well familiarized with general and special rates, plans, and packages 
Ensure that all special requests or problems are routed to the appropriate areas and follow up with outcome. 
Balance inventory of rooms and take appropriate action to rectify. 
Assign rooms for groups that require special attention (i.e. Hockey team, school trip) to better accommodate all parties involved. 
Welcome and register guests arriving, follow policy and procedures regarding billing and standards. 
Inform House Keeping Team of any changes in room status, room moves, request or concerns and maintain positive communication and strong sense of team work between departments. 
Log any in-house guest issue in log book to record for next shifts and for better follow up and communication. 
Check out guest in a timely manner and be empowered to rectify any issue upon their departure to achieve our goal of guest loyalty and satisfaction. 
Prepare the next days team for success(i.e. arrival packages, restock inventory of pens, vouchers, papers, etc) 
 Emergency Calls:  monitor and respond to the emergency phone lines and follow Health and Safety procedures to take action. (i.e. calling 911 and filling out supporting documentation) 
Answer individual work email accounts as well as shared account and direct to information to appropriate departments. 
 Qualifications: 
Positive and passionate, conveying to our guests and callers enthusiasm in every interaction. 
Must be creative, self starter, able to meet deadlines, work independently/part of a team and possess excellent interpersonal skills. 
Highly organized, detail oriented, individual with the ability to multi task. 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills. 
Reliability and punctuality are imperative. 
The ability to work independently and as part of a team. 
The role requires working weekends, holidays and shifts vary from days, mid-shift and evenings. Hours of department from 7am-11pm daily. 
Able to stand on your feet for extended periods of time. 
 Join our team today, and enjoy employee perks such as Resort staff pass for yourself and your dependents, retail, lodging, and restaurant discounts, along with additional perks and discounts at our other affiliated resort – Deerhurst Resort in Muskoka. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
