Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Financial Controller 
 MIRMIL PRODUCTS 
 __Trenton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Our architectural millwork company is seeking a Financial Controller. The successful candidate will 
have a hands-on approach to providing strategic and financial leadership within the company. The 
ideal candidate for this role will have previous experience with full-cycle accounting and an ability to 
lead and perform all accounting, reporting and cost analysis. This role requires a high attention to 
detail and excellent communication and interpersonal skills, as well as someone who is fully 
proficient with advanced functions of MS Office and Sage accounting software. 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Managing full-cycle accounting including A/P, A/R and payroll 
 Preparing annual budgets, forecasts and variance analysis 
 Managing and projecting cash flow 
 Analyzing costs, pricing, variable contributions, and the company’s performance 
 Conducting reviews and evaluations for cost-reduction opportunities 
 Developing plans, forecasting and providing strategies that the company should consider 
 Enhancing and developing new internal controls 
 Ensuring tax compliance with both Canadian and U.S taxes 
 Liaise externally with auditors, bankers, vendors and insurance companies 
 Preparing various financial analysis as required 
 Managing, guiding and leading employees to ensure appropriate financial processes are being 
 
 used 
 
 Maintaining the overall financial health of the company 
 
 Requirements: 
 
 University degree in accounting or finance 
 Proven accounting experience in a manufacturing environment 
 5+ years of overall combined accounting and finance experience 
 Knowledge and understanding of the construction industry 
 Experience working with Sage 300 CRE software package 
 Knowledge and understanding of the millwork industry and materials 
 Experience with foreign exchange and hedging 
 Previous experience with a company doing work outside of Canada 
 Proficient with the use of Microsoft Office Software 
 Excellent communication skills 
 Great attention to detail 
 
 This is a full-time position. Salary will be based on experience. If this position appeals to you, please 
send a resume to jobs.mirmil@gmail.com. We will collect resumes until the position has been filled. 
Only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
