Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Postal Clerk 
 Canada Post - Postes Canada 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Requisition Id:  80041 
 Business Function:  Plant Operations 
 Primary City:  Hamilton 
 Other Location(s): 
 Province:  Ontario 
 Employment Type:  Temporary - New 
 Employment Status:  Temporary 
 Language Requirement:  English Essential 
Number of Vacancies 50 
 Salary:  21.19 
 Job Closing Date (MM/DD/YYYY):  12/31/2020 
 Job Description 
 Experience the dynamic mail operations environment only Canada Post can offer. As a self-starter with a flexible schedule, you will have the opportunity to work a variety of shifts including, days, evenings, overnights and weekends. This temporary on-call position is a great opportunity to learn about the business of mail operations, as well as the great jobs available at Canada Post. 
 Job Responsibilities 
 The successful candidate will: 
Operating and shuttling of corporate vehicles 
Operation of material handling equipment 
Receiving and accepting mail items 
Sort, scan and sequence and batch mail items 
Transferring and loading of a postal truck 
Transfers and dispatching of parcels and packets 
Completes reports and documentation 
Job Responsibilities (continued) 
 Maintain a satisfactory safe driving record and their appropriate class of provincial driver’s license during their employment with Canada Post when operating a corporate vehicle 
Lift mail items weighing up to 22.7 kilograms (50lbs) 
Perform other postal clerk duties as required 
Performance a variety of sales/customer service activities to ensure complete customer satisfaction 
Qualifications 
 
 No Experience necessary 
 Experience working in a production environment is an asset 
 
 Other Information 
 You will be required to pass pre-employment tests and an interview. 
 CANDIDATES WILL BE REQUIRED TO PROVIDE: 
 
 A character reference letter 
 
 Safety Sensitive Positions 
This position may be considered a Safety Sensitive position. 
 Employment Equity 
Canada Post is committed to employment equity and encourages applications from women, Aboriginal people, persons with disabilities and visible minorities. 
 Conflict of Interest 
The Conflict of Interest Policy prohibits employees from hiring, supervising or reporting to, directly or indirectly via the reporting hierarchy, their immediate family or close personal relations. Should you feel that you may be in an actual or potential Conflict of Interest in regard to this job opportunity, you must communicate with the designated Human Resources representative. 
 Accommodation 
If you are contacted by Canada Post regarding a job opportunity or testing, please advise if you require accommodation. 
 Important Message 
Your application must clearly demonstrate how you meet the requirements as Canada Post cannot make assumptions about your education and experience. We thank all those who apply. Only those selected for further consideration will be contacted. 
 Our Values 
Canada Post’s corporate values reflect the principles, beliefs and aspirations that guide our behaviour and shape our culture. 
 Transformation – We will innovate and transform to win in the marketplace. 
Customer – We serve Canadians with pride and passion. 
Integrity – We act responsibly and with integrity. 
Respect – We treat each other with fairness and respect. 
Safety – We are committed to a safe and healthy environment for all our stakeholders. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
