__ 
   
 Human Toxicology Project Consortium 
 Advancing a new paradigm for assessing chemical safety 
 __ 
 
 Home 
 The Project 
 
 Advancing the Science 
 
 Publications 
 Presentations 
 Sponsored Events & Projects 
 
 
 Communicating the Vision 
 Advocacy 
 
 
 The Consortium 
 Systems Toxicology 101 
 
 What is Toxicology? 
 Current Approaches to Chemical Evaluation 
 Limitations of the Current Testing Approach 
 Pathway-based Toxicology 
 Video Series: Pathways to a Better Future 
 
 
 About "Pathways" 
 
 AOPs 101 
 AOPs 201 
 AOP Online Course 
 
 
 Latest News 
 Resources 
 
 Informational videos 
 Background Readings 
 Web sites of interest 
 
 
 BioMed21 
 Risk Assessment 
 
 Early-career scientists awarded HTPC travel grants to attend JRC summer school on non-animal approaches 
 Posted by htpconsortium 
 April 18, 2019July 12, 2019 
 We are thrilled to announce financial support enabling three promising early career researchers to attend the  European Commission’s Joint Research Centre (JRC) Summer School  May 21-24 in Ispra, Italy, a week-long learning opportunity dedicated to non-animal approaches. These researchers have already shown impressive levels of dedication to the replacement of animals in their scientific careers so far and we are delighted to help further their education and training in innovative new technologies that do not rely on animals. 
 The summer school is a popular annual event for post-graduate researchers and early career researchers active in the fields of biomedical science and toxicology who are interested in learning about the latest advances in non-animal methods and technologies from experts in the field. Activities include debates, interactive sessions, poster presentations, and a visit to the  EURL-ECVAM laboratories . The travel awards will help cover flight and accommodation costs for the researchers. 
 Nathalia Indolfo 
São Paulo, Brazil 
 Nathalia actively developed and implemented non-animal approaches in her post at the Brazilian Biosciences National Laboratory (LNBio), where she was part of a project implementing OECD guidelines for the assessment of eye irritation and eye corrosion potential of chemicals using alternative methods. 
 Nathalia currently works at Natura, a Brazilian cosmetic company, where she is applying her knowledge and experience in non-animal methods as a product safety analyst. 
 ** Guilio Bracialente 
** Turin, Italy 
 Guilio is a chemical risk assessor and environmental consultant with extensive experience in assessing the potential risks posed by chemicals to human and environmental health. He has a particular interest in the risks and implications for health and the environment associated with products containing nanomaterials. 
 Giulio hopes that the summer school will provide him with a better understanding of  in vitro  and  in silico  non-animal methods that will be indispensable for his work in the regulatory arena. 
 ** Rohit Bhatia 
** Delhi, India 
 Rohit is an independent consultant focused on promoting the use of non-animal methods in research and testing. His background lies in chemistry and he has a proven track record of promoting the adoption of non-animal testing methods. 
 Rohit anticipates that attendance at the summer school will provide an exceptional opportunity to enhance his knowledge and learn from the best practitioners and experts in this area. He hopes that the knowledge and experience gained from the summer school will help achieve his objective of creating awareness and promoting the use of non-animal testing methods. 
 Share this: 
 
 Share 
 
 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 # slideshow 
 Uncategorized 
 Post navigation 
 <- SOT breakfast meeting on global collaboration for non-animal safety assessment 
 Move over monkeys: Understanding viral infections without using animals -> 
 HTPC Tweets 
 Error: Please make sure the Twitter account is  public . 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Stem cells grown from human skin used to study fatty liver disease 
 Move over monkeys: Understanding viral infections without using animals 
 Early-career scientists awarded HTPC travel grants to attend JRC summer school on non-animal approaches 
 
 Follow HTPC via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 __ 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
