Skip to content 
 Menu 
 
 Lifehack Articles 
 
 15 Items You Need To Have In Your Office Pantry 
 10 Signs of a Productive Office 
 The Best Craft Beers From Each State in the USA 
 30 Inspiring Books You Have To Read 
 10 Most Energy Efficient Countries 
 5 Phrases An Ambitious Person Will Never Say 
 10 Signs You Are Probably An Ambivert 
 14 Things You Miss When Constantly Staring At Your Smartphone 
 25 Fictional Books That Will Change Your Outlook 
 8 Books That Were Disliked By Their Own Authors 
 5 Evening Habits of Successful People 
 10 Best Activities to Do With Introverts 
 8 Signs You're An Unexpectedly Indispensable Employee 
 15 Value Business Books That Can Bolster Your Skill Set 
 7 Kinds Of Toxic Bosses You Need to Avoid 
 
 
 AARP Writing Samples 
 
 The Shift In Degrees 
 AARP Experience Corps Chicago Hiring RSVP Program Specialist 
 CPS Reading Intervention Program Recruiting Volunteers 
 AARP Ragnar Runs on Real Possibilities 
 Blackberries and Boomers 
 
 
 Chelsea Krost Articles 
 
 6 Tips for Turning a College 'Bro' Into an Office Gentleman 
 Layman's Advice for Dealing With Professional Conflicts 
 One Military Tool for Success and Happiness 
 Five Searching Tips for Your 'Live Alone' Apartment 
 A Quick Election Cheat Sheet 
 Top 5 Self-Care Techniques To Embrace 
 
 
 The Xavierite 
 
 Response: Flat Tax is Just Flat Wrong 
 Penn State Riots Over the Wrong Thing 
 My Home Away From Home: DC 
 Day of Remembrance: Day for the Fans 
 Why is Blink-182 Still Relevant? Nostalgia 
 September 11th's Impact On Me 
 
 
 About 
 
 Contact 
 Academic Publications 
 
 
 
     
 Teaching Myself To Swim 
 A Blog About Learning What's Next 
 Category: job hunting 
 Written by  jakeasaurasrex August 3, 2020August 3, 2020 
 Job Hunt Post 2: Let Them 
 So, on Facebook, I've taken to posting the song "Tubthumping" by Chumbawamba every time I get a significant interview. A '90s pop-rock anomaly, the lyrics of the song of course are a simple, gibberish repetition of "I get knocked/but I get up again/You're never gonna keep me down." I do so to signal positive job […] 
 Written by  jakeasaurasrex July 25, 2020August 21, 2020 
 Job Hunt Post 1b: The Tea, to a Degree 
 So yesterday, July 24th, I came up with the idea of blogging about my job hunt, and I shared some information. Today, I actually feel inspired to write. The biggest current hurdle, for me, to face with job hunting is feeling unmoored. It's very true that this opportunity can be a wide space to play […] 
 Written by  jakeasaurasrex July 24, 2020August 4, 2020 
 Job Hunt Post 1: Something Brewing 
 Hey there! Welcome! You may have noticed I cleaned up around here. Thanks for noticing! Yes, I've tidied up and reorganized Jakeasaurasrex.com. For years my blog posts were built by trying to tie together the most recent news crisis, my most recent stressor, and whatever I was reading at the moment. Sometimes, it connected my […] 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
