Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Human Resources Manager 
 Joseph Brant Hospital 
 __Burlington, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Posting #:  200807 
 Position Available:  Human Resources Manager 
 Status:  Regular Full-Time (37.5 hours per week) 
 Department:  Human Resources 
 Union:  Non-Union 
 Shifts:  Days (Monday-Friday. Hours of work subject to change) 
 ABOUT JOSEPH BRANT HOSPITAL: 
Joseph Brant Hospital (JBH) is a full-service community teaching hospital located in the growing and thriving community of Burlington, Ontario, serving more than 185,000 residents in Halton, Hamilton, Waterdown, Flamborough, Milton and Stoney Creek. JBH is honoured to be recognized as one of Hamilton Niagara's Top Employers for five (5) consecutive years, with a skilled staff of 194 physicians, 1,911 full- and part-time staff and more than 700 volunteers. 
 JBH is a Clinical Education site in conjunction with McMaster University, and designated as an Academic Community Teaching Hospital. Its expanded campus includes the state-of-the-art Michael Lee-Chin & Family Patient Tower, featuring a new Emergency Department, 172 acute inpatient beds, 9 new Operating Rooms and post-anaesthetic care unit to support expanded medical, surgical and outpatient services. JBH is also a partner member of the Burlington Ontario Health Team (OHT). JBH inspires and empowers a culture of caring and this is demonstrated in many ways including our committed to the health, safety and wellbeing of our people. 
 POSITION SUMMARY: 
Reporting to the Director, Human Resources and Employee Health, the Manager acts as a resource, and mentor to a team of HR professionals by way of providing strategic and day-to-day leadership to achieve strategic and operational goals. The Manager will be a seasoned innovative leader with demonstrated experience working in a complex multi-unionized environment. The successful incumbent will possess a thorough understanding of the importance of strategic and collaborative HR practices and partnerships. As an excellent communicator and relationship-builder, the Manager understands that service excellence is delivered by employees who are both engaged and empowered. 
 RESPONSIBILITIES: 
 
 Contribute to the development of a high performing HR team while ensuring service delivery alignment with best HR practices 
 Act as a mentor for the HR team members and play an integral role in developing talent 
 Collaborate with Hospital partners to review, design and implement polices to develop program initiatives and help support and sustain HR best practices 
 Lead or participate in projects /JBH culture initiates associated with the People Plan 
 Oversight and accountability to develop strategies to support achievement of objectives related to recruitment, performance and engagement 
 Provide leadership to the HR Consultants on Employee/Labour relations matters; performance management, workplace accommodation, attendance support, return to work obligations, workforce planning, dispute resolution, grievance management, mediation collective bargaining and litigation matters 
 Provide consultation and support to operational leaders in the achievement of compliance with legal and regulatory, collective agreement language and HR best practices 
 
 QUALIFICATIONS: 
 
 Undergraduate degree in Human Resources, Industrial Relations or a related discipline with minimum of 5 years of leadership experience complex unionized environment, preferably in an acute health care setting 
 Post graduate certificate in Human Resources Management and/or equivalent combination of education and progressive HR experience 
 Certified Human Resources Leader (C.H.R.L.) designation preferred 
 Previous experience leading a team including; coaching, mentoring and building a team 
 Knowledge of HR management principles and practices, ESA, LRA, OHSA, WSIA and OHSA and practices in a unionized environment or public sector/broader public sector organization 
 Effective consultation skills to foster collaborative working relationships among management, and HR team members and union partners 
 Demonstrated commitment to workplace safety and wellbeing 
 Commitment to self through ongoing professional development 
 Excellent decision making skills with the ability to form and defend independent judgment with the ability to influence others and outcomes 
 Excellent organizational and time management skills are key to support your work in a fast paced health care, multi-union environment while managing, balancing competing priorities 
 Proficient in MS Office required, working knowledge of Virtual HR, Meditech is an asset 
 Regular attendance is required 
 
 We ask that you please include the posting number in the subject line of any email correspondence. No phone calls please. We thank all applicants and only those selected for interview will be contacted. 
 Any information obtained during the recruitment process will be used for employment recruitment only, and not for any other purpose. 
 JBH is committed to and supports practices that are inclusive. HR will accommodate any needs under the Ontario Human Rights Code (OHRC) and the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA). Recruitment processes will be modified to remove barriers to accommodate those with disabilities, if requested. 
 Should you require accommodation through the application and/or recruitment process, please contact HR for assistance at careers@josephbranthospital.ca or at Ext. 4129 to allow opportunity for appropriate accommodations to be made. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
