
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Can You Believe It?! it's a Freelance job 
 Parley for the Oceans is looking for a Freelance DESIGNER / CONTENT EDITOR in Manhattan, NY, USA. 
 About 
 We are looking for a full-time freelance designer and editor to join us in creating outstanding, meaningful content experiences for a forthcoming digital platform. 
 Parley is the space where creators, thinkers, and leaders come together to raise awareness for the beauty and fragility of our oceans and collaborate on projects that can end their destruction. Parley is developing an activist platform designed to give people the opportunity to show their love for the oceans and engage with the cause. 
 Tasks include: 
- Creating and editing multimedia assets for the upcoming platform and our social media channels 
- Collaborating with the internal editorial team as well as external partners on visual storytelling ideas and bringing them to live on the platform 
- Brief external producers on needed design and content assets 
 Requirements 
- A love for the oceans, and interest in ocean-related media 
- Can move easily between the details and the overall vision 
- Are a team player whom people want to work with 
- Strong creative/design skills for digital and social media 
- Photo-editing skills 
- Digital illustration skills (infographics) 
- Video editing is a bonus 
- Advanced understanding of typography 
- High standards for quality 
- Excellent communication skills 
- Bachelor’s Degree in Graphic Design/Communication Design 
- Minimum 3 years of related work experience (references welcome) 
- Portfolio with relevant work examples 
- Proficient in Photoshop, Illustrator, InDesign, 
- Sketch and Figma is a bonus 
 Parley for the Oceans: 
Parley for the Oceans addresses major threats towards our oceans, the most important ecosystem of our planet. We believe the power for change lies in the hands of the consumer – given he has a choice – and the power to shape this new consumer mindset lies in the hands of the creative industries. 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
   
   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7586-parley-for-the-oceans-designer-content-editor  
 On-site required? 
 No 
 Experience 
 3-6 years 
 Skills 
 Adobe InDesign, Adobe Photoshop, Content, Design, Editing 
 Date Posted 
 October 22, 2020 
 Managed By 
 Andreas Szankay 
 Perks 
 
 Work from home 
 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
