
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Software Engineer 
 Indiana University 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Software Engineer 
 Indiana University 
 [](mailto:?subject=Software%20Engineer&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/14052320/software-engineer/ "Email")  
 Application 
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 October 30, 2020 
 Location: 
 Bloomington, Indiana, United States 
 __ Show Map 
 Salary: 
 Open 
 Type: 
 Full-time 
 Department 
 VICE PRES INFORMATION TECHNLGY (UA-VPIT-IUBLA) 
 Department Information 
 This position provides services in the Identity Management Systems (IMS) team, part of University Information Technology Services (UITS). IMS leverages current technologies to serve the authentication, authorization and account management needs of the university. 
 Job Summary 
 Working independently, performs technical tasks including systems analysis and programming related to the development and support of the Identity Management Systems initiatives at Indiana University. 
 Independently owns areas of the project plan while performing analysis, programming, troubleshooting, bug-fixing, tuning, data conversions, testing, documentation, and support of team applications and services. 
 Collaborates with functional business clients and other teams within the central information technology organization. Develops and maintains excellent relationships with all of these groups through careful consideration and thorough communication on analysis and programming assignments. 
 Works as an effective leader on the team providing training, guidance, and mentoring to less experienced staff. 
 Demonstrates initiative, creativity, and innovation in the development of stable, maintainable, and efficient software. Designs and develops effective interfaces between systems. Assists with management of application releases. 
 Required Qualifications 
 Bachelor's degree in Computer Science, Business Systems, or a related discipline and two years of professional experience working as a software engineer. 
 Combinations of education and related experience may be considered. 
 Demonstrated ability to work with enterprise-scale software development. Understanding of common design patterns, service-oriented architecture, test-driven development, and agile methodology. Excellent interpersonal skills and a customer service orientation. Excellent ability to effectively communicate and exchange information. Willingness to work as part of a team in a dynamic and complex environment. Ability to use creativity in identifying complex problems and finding solutions quickly and accurately. Strong attention to detail in communicating technical issues and implementing solutions; mental discipline in resolving software problems. Ability to change priorities as project expands or project needs change. 
 Preferred Qualifications 
 Knowledge of identity and access management concepts including single sign-on, SAML, OpenID Connect, OAuth, role-based access and authorizations. Understanding of object-orient programming concepts and skilled in software development using Java. Working knowledge of Kubernetes or Docker. Skilled in developing highly available software solutions. Three or more years of experience. 
 Working Conditions / Demands 
 Must be able to work at a computer screen particularly for long periods of time. Must be able to perform detailed work (programs, documents, or reports); interact with staff and clients; handle the stress of performing multiple concurrent tasks with constant interruptions. 
 Equipment utilized: workstation, printers, copiers, telephones, videoconferencing and other office equipment. 
 Work Location 
 Bloomington, Indiana 
 Job Classification 
 Salary Plan: PAE 
 Salary Grade: 3IT 
 FLSA: Exempt 
 Job Function: Information Technology 
 Posting Disclaimer 
 Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, there may be differences in the working conditions as advertised in our standard job postings (e.g., the ability to travel from one campus to another, etc.). If you are invited for an interview, please discuss your questions or concerns regarding the working conditions at that time. 
 This posting is scheduled to close at 11:59 pm EST on the advertised Close Date. This posting may be closed at any time at the discretion of the University, but will remain open for a minimum of 5 business days. To guarantee full consideration, please submit your application within 5 business days of the Posted Date. 
 If you wish to include a cover letter, you may include it with your resume when uploading attachments. 
 Equal Employment Opportunity 
 Indiana University is an equal employment and affirmative action employer and a provider of ADA services. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to age, ethnicity, color, race, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, genetic information, marital status, national origin, disability status or protected veteran status. Indiana University does not discriminate on the basis of sex in its educational programs and activities, including employment and admission, as required by Title IX. Questions or complaints regarding Title IX may be referred to the U.S. Department of Education Office for Civil Rights or the university Title IX Coordinator.  See Indiana University's Notice of Non-Discrimination here which includes contact information  . 
 Campus Safety and Security 
 The Annual Security and Fire Safety Report, containing policy statements, crime and fire statistics for all Indiana University campuses, is  available online  . You may also request a physical copy by emailing IU Public Safety at  iups@iu.edu  or by visiting IUPD. 
 Contact Us 
 Request Support 
Telephone: 812-856-1234 
 
 
 Internal Number: 292669 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About Indiana University 
 Founded in 1820, Indiana University is the state’s public university system, comprised of two core campuses—IU-Bloomington and IUPUI—and six regional campuses located throughout the state. Combined, the total student population is more than 114,000 undergraduate, graduate and professional school students. IU is one of the largest employers in the state, with over 20,000 faculty and staff. Indiana University is an equal employment and affirmative action employer and a provider of ADA services. Diversity and inclusion remains a core commitment to IU’s mission to cultivate an educational environment that supports equal access, participation and representation on all of its campuses and that provides educational and career opportunities for all. 
 Connections working at Indiana University 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 More Jobs Like This 
 
 
 
 Optical Systems Scientist 
 __  Santa Barbara, California 
 
 
 
 
 Thorlabs, Inc. 
 __Today 
 
 
 CodeV Optical Engineer 
 __  San Francisco, California 
 
 
 Kura AR 
 __2 Days Ago 
 
 
 Account Manager – Central Region (USA) 
 __  Nationwide 
 
 
 Gooch & Housego 
 __3 Days Ago 
 
 
 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
