
 
 Menu Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Blogs 
 
 Mental Health 
 Life 
 
 
 
 Skincare 
 
 Face 
 Body 
 
 
 
 About Me 
 
 
 Instagram  
 
 
 Twitter  
 
 
 Snapchat  
 
 
 February 24, 2019May 23, 2019   Mulenga Chola 
 Why job hunting sucks 
 Have you ever sat at a computer for hours and applied to a large amount of jobs then later receive a ton of rejection emails? The ones that start with "Thank you for taking time to fill in the application, unfortunately…" 
 You know the part where you have filled in an entire application form and they ask for a cover letter, it's that "WHAT MORE DO YOU WANT FROM ME?!" moment. It's exhausting, it's depressing because you will have to do it again, you will have to apply to 20 more and get rejection emails and then you have to do it again, and again and again and again…you get the idea. Certain companies expect so much especially the ones who only offer minimum wage. When I was 17 I decided to get a part-time job whilst being in college and it was the worst job I ever did, to this day I still haven't been paid for slaving my life away, come to think of it I should sue them! 
 The thing I dislike the most about job hunting is I would spend over 30 minutes applying for a job and the rejection email would come through after 2 minutes, I think to myself "Did you even bother reading it?" It's more than that, I feel most people do much more in person than they would with an online application but they aren't given the chance, not everyone is a theorist, more people are practical but employers don't pay much mind to that. 
 I was on twitter the other day and saw a tweet: 
 https://twitter.com/kaku_daniella/status 
 /1093199876932935680 
 This tweet spoke to me because it's a reminder that though you will receive a large number of rejection emails in the end the right job will find you at the right time. Yes it's the worst , I understand you will be disheartened and you really want that job but I believe that everything eventually falls into place, you'll probably earn more from the right job than the one you thought you wanted, you'll be part of a great team and be glad you got those rejection emails, be patient with yourself, you'll be surprised at how you'll land your next job. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 
 Life 
 
 Published by Mulenga Chola 
  View all posts by Mulenga Chola  
 Post navigation 
 Next The importance of Skincare 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 SEARCH FOR BLOG POSTS 
 Search for: 
 Click to follow Mul's blog and receive notifications of new posts (You know you want to) 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow Me 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Instagram 
           
 
  Twitter  
  Instagram  
  Snapchat  
 
 Tags 
 Anxiety   Anxiety attack   Anxiety Disorder   calmness   comparing   comparisons   corona   Coronavirus   Covid-19   Depression   family   friends   friendships   koreanskincare   koreanskincareroutine   Life   Loneliness   Lonely   love   mental awareness   Mental Health   mental wellbeing   Mental wellness   Moisturise   Pandemic   relationships   selfcare   selflove   Skincare   skincaresunday 
  Create a website or blog at WordPress.com  
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 %d bloggers like this: 
