Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Nurse Practitioner 
 Alberta Health Services 
 __Fort Saskatchewan, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Your Opportunity: 
 Description: 
Reporting to the Health Care Manager at Fort Saskatchewan Correctional Centre, this position functions as part of an interdisciplinary team within a Correctional setting with adult patients who present for primary care (routine screening, disease management) and urgent care (injury, illnesses) services. The Nurse Practitioner (NP) is a regulated member of the health care team who utilizes the nursing processes, critical thinking, problem solving and decision making skills to provide care to populations across the life span. The NP provides expert clinical care in managing the health needs of a variety of populations and requires further knowledge and decision making skills in assessment, diagnosis and clinical management. The primary responsibility of the NP is to provide comprehensive patient care as a central member of the health care team. The NP provides leadership and actively participates in program development and evaluation, research and clinical teaching activities. The NP participates in interdisciplinary collaboration to determine and regularly review local guidelines for drug prescription, distribution, monitoring, and record keeping ensuring consistency with provincial prescribing and distributing guidelines. 
 Classification:  Nurse Practitioner 
 Union:  Exempt 
 Department:  FortSask CC Corrections Clinic 
 Primary Location:  Fort Saskatchewan Correc Ctr 
 Negotiable Location:  Within Edmonton Zone 
 Temporary Employee Class:  Temp Part Time 
 FTE:  0.20 
 Posting End Date:  10-DEC-2020 
 Date Available:  22-DEC-2020 
 Temporary End Date:  31-MAR-2023 
 Hours per Shift:  7.75 
 Length of Shift in weeks:  2 
 Shifts per cycle:  10 
 Shift Pattern:  Days 
 Days Off:  Saturday/Sunday 
 Minimum Salary:  $48.27 
 Maximum Salary:  $62.91 
 Vehicle Requirement:  Not Applicable 
 Required Qualifications: 
Master of Nursing or equivalent graduate degree with a focus on advanced clinical nursing practice. - Active registration and practice permit with the College and Association of Registered Nurses of Alberta (CARNA) as a Nurse Practitioner in the Family/All Ages Stream. - Minimum of 2 years recent experience as an NP in a relevant outpatient clinical setting a/o front line clinical work, preference for those working across the life span and in primary care setting such as Family Medicine, Urgent Care or Out Post setting, Women's Health &addictions. - Basic Cardiac Life Support - Health Care Provider (BCLS-HCP) and ACLS certification are required. - Completion of Trauma Nurse Core Course or other advanced clinical setting nursing skills preferred. - Completion of Advanced Cardiac Life Support and International Trauma Life Support and/or Trauma Nurse Core Course preferred. - Must understand and practice within full scope of practice in an interdisciplinary team environment. - Experience in a wide range of assessment, treatment and therapeutic interventions, health promotion, diagnostic procedures, and follow-up care in the community considered an asset. - Computer literacy skills mandatory with preference for EMR experience. Must be certified in the prescribing of Suboxone. 
 Additional Required Qualifications: 
As required. 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
Experience working in a correctional setting. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
