Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Senior Manager, Digital Analytics Insights 
 Loblaw Digital 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 At Loblaw Digital, we know that our customers expect the best from us. Whether that means building the best, most innovative online shopping experience, or designing an app that will impact the lives of people across the country, we’re up for the challenge. From our office in Downtown Toronto, we’ve created leading eCommerce experiences in the online grocery shopping, beauty, pharmacy, and apparel spaces, and we’re only just getting started. 
 The impact you’ll make 
As the Senior Manager, Digital Analytics Insights, your role is to build, lead a team and empower our businesses with relevant and reliable insights into our online customers’ behavior. 
Your work will enable business teams to make educated, data-driven decisions that solve problems for our customers and move our brands forward. You will be responsible for building, analyzing, educating and democratizing insights about customers’ behavior on and across all the digital experiences we build. 
What you'll do 
Develop and manage a team of digital analytics analysts to help business teams, across multiple lines of business, derive customer insights from digital analytics datasets. 
Design, build, maintain and validate digital analytics dashboards using data visualization tools (Google Data Studio, Looker, etc.) to systematically analyze customer behavior and traffic trends. 
Work very closely with Product, Trading, Experimentation and Marketing teams to define business KPIs, conduct deep-dive analysis, and make recommendations that tie customer online behavior to business objectives. 
Package, share and present analytical findings in an articulate and nimble way to simplify complex concepts to small and large business groups. 
Build a roadmap to express digital analytics insights evolution and top priorities. 
Continuously educate digital analytics end-users and implement appropriate data, tools and processes to enable them for easy, quick and accurate self-serve reporting. 
Develop a Digital Analytics Insights program to define guidelines and standards through all our lines of business and functional teams. 
Seek customer quantitative and qualitative data, and oversee tracking and integration effort to acquire that data, to paint consolidated and holistic views of our customers. 
Does this Sound like you? 
Bachelor degree in Marketing, Business, Computer Science or similar fields, with a quantitative focus (bonus for advanced degrees). 
8+ years of experience in digital analytics/marketing, with minimum of 4 years of experience leading a team of analysts in the Digital space (bonus for eCommerce). 
Solid experience building digital analytics dashboards out of Adobe Analytics (Omniture) and Google Analytics 360 data. 
Extensive knowledge of data visualization tools and techniques (Tableau, PowerBI, Looker, etc.). 
Demonstrated track record of successful analysis of online customer behavior. 
Product, Marketing and Retail background is a bonus. 
Powerful business acumen, with ability to put data in the context of a customer problem and know where to look when exposed to large amounts of data. 
Comfortable working alongside various functional teams (Business, Product, Tech, etc.), across various lines of business. 
Supportive, with a great “enabler” mindset that thrive on the success of partner teams. 
Self-starter, with the ability to proactively make relevant recommendations to the business. 
How you’ll succeed 
At Loblaw Digital, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. We’re able to keep innovating because our colleagues are passionate about their work and excited about the future of eCommerce. You will get to work with some of the best digital minds and will have the support of world class technologies to craft products our customers will love! 
 Loblaw Digital recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
