Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 Why You Still Work at a Job You Hate 
 Brandon Grooms    11th September    Career   3 Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Why%20You%20Still%20Work%20at%20a%20Job%20You%20Hate%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fyour-job%2Fi-hate-my-job%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 You hate your job, don’t you? 
 You’re tired of the same  schedule  and the lousy pay. 
 You’re tired of busting your ass only for your boss to get all of the credit. 
 You’re tired of begging for days off. You’re sick of working when you’re sick. You’re fed up with having more work piled on you when you’re busy enough as it is. 
 I’ll bet you weren’t offered a  raise  when they said you have to take on more responsibility, were you? 
 You’ve thought about finding a new job or better yet, working for yourself. Perhaps you want to be the one calling the shots and own the whole damn thing. You dream about taking a day or a week or month off whenever you like. 
 You envision a future where you don’t have to worry about  money . You long for the day when you can say that you “made it.” 
 How long have you been thinking like this? 
 
 Weeks? 
 Months? 
 Years? 
 
 
 I know I was born, and I know that I’ll die, the in-between is mine. I am mine.” 
 I Am Mine  by Pearl Jam 
 
 What Have You Done About It? 
 What  action  have you taken? You haven’t done anything? Oh sure, you’re on Google every night, looking up websites and information about “How to find the next Big Idea” or “How do I find my passion.” It’s a start you say! 
 Now, on the other side of the coin, there are people who are at the proverbial water’s edge, so to speak — all ready to go but they just can’t make the leap. 
 They’ve done the market research. They’ve figured out how they’re going to incorporate their business. They have a company name and logo and a domain name picked out. 
 They’ve written a  business plan . Everything is in motion, but then they stop. Why? 
 Drumroll please ………………………. FEAR! 
 You Are Afraid 
 Now, don’t get it twisted. You might not be afraid consciously, but make no mistake — subconsciously you’re scared. 
 
 What if I  fail ? 
 What if I go broke? 
 What will my wife or parents or friends think? 
 How will I introduce myself at parties? 
 
 Here’s the good news. It’s not your fault! 
 Picture a baby that is developing in its womb. It is warm and sheltered. Its mother keeps it safe from danger. It is provided with the  proper foods  and nutrients it needs to grow. All of its needs are being met. 
 Now, picture a baby that has just been born. IT’S A MESS! 
 It is traumatized by the birth. It is born into a world where sound is too loud, and lights are too bright. It is cold and hungry. 
 It can no longer be fed automatically through the umbilical cord. It is no longer automatically sheltered by the womb inside its mother’s uterus. It is literally cut off from its mother. For all the baby knows, it is alone. 
 The baby must now  rely  on others for its survival. They must rely on parents or other adults to feed them and shelter them and provide clothing for them. They must rely on parents or other adults to keep predators away and protect them from disease. 
 This is where fear in each human being originates — from birth. You are born afraid. You need someone to take care of you. 
 Original Fear 
 
 Spend all of your time waiting, for that second chance, for a break that will make it okay” 
 _- Angel _by Sarah McLaughlin 
 
 This original  fear  is the basis for all of our fears. It’s why you wake up every day and dread going to the hell-hole you call a job again, yet you won’t quit. 
 It’s why you do the same thing every day and think that somehow something will change. Maybe this time it will be different. It won’t. 
 Take a look at how you got to where you are right now. You followed a pattern, didn’t you? 
 Pre-school to kindergarten to elementary school to junior high to high school. You were sent to these schools. You were told who your teachers would be, what you would learn, when you could go to the bathroom, when you could eat, when you could play and when you could leave. 
 All of these things were decided for you by others. You didn’t know any better because it’s literally what EVERYONE was doing. So you kept plugging away until you finally  graduated  high school. 
 Then what? 
 I’ll bet you were offered only two choices — go to college or get a job. If you look at it, it’s kind of really only one choice because the only reason MOST (not all) of us go to college anymore is because we think it will land us a better paying job. So really, the choices are: 
 
 Get a job right away, or 
 Get a job four to six years from now. 
 
 So it’s really the same choice with the difference being when you decide to join the work force. 
 Why Do You Work? 
 Now, why do we even need a  job ? Some say it’s because we need money for a house and cars and to pay back student loans and to buy food and have a retirement and blah blah blah. They’re right but they’re also wrong. 
 The reality is that we need others to take care of us. Just like we did when we were born. 
 A modern day corporation takes care of you by providing you: 
 
 A paycheck 
 Health insurance 
 Retirement benefits 
 Vacation days 
 Sick days 
 Comp time 
 
 All of these are designed to entice you to work there. In exchange, you do the same thing you did in school. You do what others decide for you. 
 After all of those years of school, you go right back to being told when you can arrive, when you can eat, who you can talk to, what you can wear, who you can date, when your absence is “excused,” what you can work on and when you can leave. You get to help make other people  rich . Doesn’t that make you feel just grand inside?!? 
 The 'Real World' is a New Reality 
 We try to justify all of this by saying this is “the real world.” These are the sacrifices we have to make to have the things we want. Plus, everyone does this so what’s the big deal? 
 But do you know that this “reality” is only about 70 years old? Out of the thousands upon thousands of years humanity has roamed the Earth, the “real world” as we are told exists is only about 70-years-old, give or take a decade. 
 For most of human history, we didn’t go to  college  or even school. We didn’t work for corporations. We didn’t have flat screen TV’s and smartphones and self-driving cars. 
 We didn’t worry about retirement or mortgages or cable TV bills or cell phone bills. WE DIDN’T HAVE BILLS. We didn’t have any of these things. 
 We made simple houses and lived simple lives. We hunted our own food and made our own clothing. We built our own houses and made our own tools. 
 We banded together to help others in our own tribes. We came together to fight off predators and enemies. We still needed others for our survival but on a smaller and simpler level. 
 Did Ancient People Find Their Passion? 
 Do you think that a person who lived in, let’s say, Rome in the second century was overcome with angst because they didn’t know how to find their  passion ? I think “When am I going to eat again?” was probably a bigger concern. 
 That is the beauty of all of the things that we have now. We don’t have to worry, for the most part, about where our next meal is going to come from or if we are going to have enough clothes to stay warm. 
 It is a luxury afforded to some of us that we can even think or  worrying  about “finding our passion.” You can be passionate about a lot of things. Do them all! 
 We don’t have to rely on corporations to take of us anymore. All of the technological inventions that we have today have made it possible to do things that you used to need permission to do. The choices aren’t just college or a job anymore. You don’t need giant corporations to give you permission to do things anymore. 
 Take Control Of Your Life 
 
 Time to change has come and gone, watched your fears become your god. It’s your decision” 
 -Your Decision by  Alice in Chains 
 
 Here’s a list of things that you can do now, on your own, that you used to have permission from a big corporation to do. You can: 
 
 Publish your own books . 
 Produce your own movies. 
 Create a podcast. 
 Create your own YouTube channel and have the equivalent of a weekly TV show. 
 Create and promote your own music. 
 Build your own websites. 
 Create your own online courses. 
 Learn how to code. 
 Teach  a new skill. 
 Create a business — drop shipping, subscription businesses, consulting, product businesses, information products. 
 Be a freelance writer or a freelance editor or a freelance web designer. 
 
 Find Your Inspiration 
 You can create websites where you don’t own a single thing on the website and make BILLIONS of dollars. These are called platforms. I’m sure you’ve heard of a few: 
 
 Facebook 
 Alibaba 
 YouTube 
 Twitter 
 Uber 
 AirBnB 
 Craigslist 
 
 These companies do not own anything. Take Uber for example. You own the car and you are the one doing all of the work, Uber just gives you a chance to find a customer. 
 You own the room or the house and you are responsible for making sure it’s  clean  and looks nice, but AirBnB gives you a chance to find a customer. YouTube gives you a place to upload a video or watch others who have uploaded videos. 
 Facebook is just a place where everyone congregates and shares stories about their own lives. You can hire and outsource work on websites like Fiverr, Elance, Freelancer or Get Friday. 
 You can find someone who can do pretty much build or create anything you can think of. The technology is there to 3D print a prosthetic limb for Pete’s sake! 
 Give yourself room to fail. Take a chance. Hire a  coach . Keep your day job and start a business on the side. 
 Take acting classes. Teach a class. Learn a foreign language. Learn how to code. Write that damn book! 
 There’s never been a better time to take control of your own life. You don’t need others to take care of you any longer. 
 The original fear you were born with does not need to hold you back any longer. Be responsible for yourself and your own  future . Be fearless! 
 (   Photo   by Christian Guthier /   CC BY   ) 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 Goals (58) 
 
 
 i hate my job (1) 
 
 
 motivation (46) 
 
 
 passion (34) 
 
 
 stress (34) 
 
 
 work (31) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Brandon Grooms  |  Website  |  Other Articles 
 Brandon Grooms is a “fear coach” and blogger at  conqueringmyfears.com . He helps people overcome their fears so they can live more meaningful lives. If you are interested in overcoming any of your fears, feel free to email him at  info@conqueringmyfears.com . 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     Boost Your Confidence with 1 Thing  
  _ _     What Relationships Can Teach Us About the World of Work  
  _ _     8 Ways to Make the Most of a Conference  
 
 Discussion 
 
 3 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 
 Steven  on the 11th September 
 
 Reply   
 This is an amazing article. Very powerful. If I ought to add one thing it would be: don't rush it. Give yourself time to identify the things that are holding you back and go easy on yourself as you are working out those issues. Then, when your are ready, make the change. 
 
 Dave  on the 19th September 
 
 Reply   
 Very good article! 
 
 eraycetin  on the 20th September 
 
 Reply   
 "I’ll bet you weren’t offered a raise when they said you have to take on more responsibility, were you?" 
 lol that was so true! 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
