Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Pipeline Position - Administrative Assistant 
 EY 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 From small businesses to some of the world’s best-known brands, our clients count on reliable financial statements, information and processes to inform their ongoing strategies. More than ever, business is about interpreting and reacting to complex data — and they look to us for advice and services they can trust every time. You’ll use your professional skills and experience to make it happen, handling complex audit procedures across a broad range of industries and responsibilities. You won’t find an assurance culture like this anywhere else, so whether you’re looking for a long-term, or are interested in progressing on to other areas, this is a great place to be. 
 The opportunity 
 As an Audit Assistant, you will be a professional member of the EY Assurance team. Together with our substantial investments in technology, knowledge, and learning resources for our audit professionals, you will be part of the team that delivers quality assurance services to our clients and their stakeholders 
 Your key responsibilities 
 As an audit assistant, you will assist Audit Managers in organizing the workflow, supporting the organization of the file, and in managing communication of the client 
 Skills and attributes for success 
 Set up the audit file, roll it into the audit software (Caseware) 
 Conducting bank reconciliations 
 Download the trial balance into the audit software (Caseware) 
 Coordinate the flow of tax returns and review notes between tax and audit 
 Update financial statements, Caseware files and adjusting entries 
 Maintain and organize the client directory 
 Assist managers with client meeting presentations 
 Organize the managers and facilitate communication and meetings to meet client deadlines 
 Prepare covering letters, tax letters and all other correspondence 
 Involved in completing the interim and final billings for the client 
 Provide reception relief when required 
 Respond to any other duties as required 
 To qualify for the role you must have 
 Must possess a university degree and/or college diploma 
 2-4 years of administrative experience 
 Must possess advanced Word, Excel, PowerPoint knowledge 
 Must have strong attention to detail 
 Must be able to work with numbers, and have a basic understanding of accounting principles 
 Able to work under pressure and meet deadlines 
 Must have good interpersonal skills and able to liaise with clients, staff and outside parties 
 Available to work overtime during peak seasons 
 Must have initiative 
 Must be a team player 
 Ideally, you’ll also have 
 The ability to work independently in a fast-paced, dynamic team-oriented environment 
 Bilingual in French and English (verbal and written) is an asset 
 What we look for 
 We’re interested in strong team players who support their colleagues in reaching their goals while also considering their own workload and development. We’re looking for people with a genuine passion for tax, and the future of tax, and are inspired to help the world’s leading multinational organizations meet complex tax obligations around the world. If you have the confidence to speak up and influence a team that affects big businesses worldwide, this role is for you. 
 What working at EY offers 
 At EY, our Total Rewards package supports our commitment to creating a leading people culture - built on high-performance teaming - where everyone can achieve their potential and contribute to building a better working world for our people, our clients and our communities. It's one of the many reasons we repeatedly win awards for being a great place to work. 
 We offer a competitive compensation package where you’ll be rewarded based on your performance and recognized for the value you bring to our business. In addition, our Total Rewards package allows you decide which benefits are right for you and which ones help you create a solid foundation for your future. Our Total Rewards package includes a comprehensive medical, prescription drug and dental coverage, a defined contribution pension plan, a great vacation policy plus firm paid days that allow you to enjoy longer long weekends throughout the year, statutory holidays and paid personal days (based on province of residence), and a range of exciting programs and benefits designed to support your physical, financial and social well-being. Plus, we offer: 
 Support and coaching from some of the most engaging colleagues in the industry 
 Learning opportunities to develop new skills and progress your career 
 The freedom and flexibility to handle your role in a way that’s right for you 
 About EY 
 As a global leader in assurance, tax, transaction and advisory services, we’re using the finance products, expertise and systems we’ve developed to build a better working world. That starts with a culture that believes in giving you the training, opportunities and creative freedom to make things better. Whenever you join, however long you stay, the exceptional EY experience lasts a lifetime. 
 If you can confidently demonstrate that you meet the criteria above, please contact us as soon as possible. 
 Make your mark. Apply today. 
 EY is committed to inclusiveness, equity and accessibility. We encourage all qualified candidates to apply. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
