  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Recruiting Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Find the best freelancers for your project here 
 ](https://www.workana.com/en/hire/) 
 2 months ago 
 Resend item from local Norvegian shop, to italy adress 
 Published: 2 months ago  Bids: 0 
 I need 1 item -  https://h-vollen.com/nettbutikk/2-lykter/6942-fantastisk-lykt-i-sortmalt-tre-med-trefarget-tak--h-35-cm-midlertidig-utsolgt/ 
This shop don have international shiping. You need to resend me in Italy 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Recruiting 
 What do you need?  : For one position 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  V. S. Italy 
 Less than USD 50 
 11 months ago 
 Malaysian Human Resource Freelancer 
 Published: 11 months ago  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 10 
 I'm looking for an experienced person to do HR for our Small Company on a Freelance basis. 3-8 hrs a week. 
 Main task includes; 
- Recruitment for Full-time & Interns (from Posting ADs, to filtering applicants and arranging interviews, work contracts) 
- Managing Leave & Payroll 
- Responsible to generate and prepare timely submission of statutory contributions of EPF, Socso/EIS and Income Tax 
- Handling employees' Socso claims. Preparing related documents for Socso claim & report form to labour department 
- SOP & Company Guide (Create and maintain Company Guides) 
- Reporting Weekly (Must report on work done) 
- Arranging Staff outing and activity 
- Prepare and compile documents for timely and accurate submission to management and relevant government 
- To maintain filing system to facilitate traceability of document at all time. 
- Manage Staff inquiry and liaise with management 
- Ensure the adherence to company policy 
- Able to give advise employees HR matters 
- Meeting with Management al least 2x per month (this is ad-hoc located at One City Subang Jaya) 
- Must be contactable and responsive via Whatsapp, if needed 
- Administers employee benefit program (if any) by advising employees of eligibility, providing application information, helping with form completion, verifying submission, and notifying employees of approvals. 
- Sets up and schedules meetings for interviewees, hiring managers, employees, and department heads. 
- Able to make and take phone calls as part of day to day job 
- Able to assist the company with managing overseas workers as well as other Freelancers 
 Requirements; 
- Fluent in Written and Spoken English 
- Diploma/Degree in HR Management 
- Experienced in payroll 
- Computer Literate 
- Strong numerical skills 
- at least 1 experience in HR or similar 
- Positive Attitude 
- Organizational Skills 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Recruiting 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 Published by:  J. Last reply: 8 months ago  Malaysia Payment method:  __Verified 
 Less than USD 10 / hour 
 Last year 
 Human Resource Specialist 
 Published: Last year  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 5 
 Seeking an Experienced Human Resource Specialist for a full-time position. 
 Client: An established US-based company 
 Rate: Negotiable / Depends on experience 
 Responsibilities: 
-Recruit and onboard new hires that includes coordinating job posts, reviewing resumes and performance report. 
-Manage payroll and benefits for employees. 
-Prepares and updates employment records related to hiring, transferring, promotions and terminating. 
 -Explaining HR policies to employees as well as job duties, benefits, promotions and etc. 
 Qualifications: 
-Proven experience in Human Resources. 
-Strong recruiting and demonstrated ability to improve talent acquisition strategies. 
-Demonstrated expertise training managers and employees 
-Strong organizational, critical thinking with excellent written and oral communication skills. 
 -Attention to detail and good judgment. 
-A high degree of discretion in dealing with confidential information. 
 How to apply? 
Send your updated resume in PDF form. 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Recruiting 
 What do you need?  : For one position 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  C. P. Philippines 
 Less than USD 10 / hour 
 Last year 
 ★Amazing Technical Recruiters Needed★ 
 Published: Last year  Bids: 15 
 Our company is looking for excellent Technical Recruiters who can deliver! 
As part of the job, you will search for software engineering candidates according to job descriptions we will provide. The recruiter should be able to engage these candidates and introduce them to us. 
This job is remote and contract based. 
Fit recruiters will be compensated accordingly! 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Recruiting 
 What do you need?  : For various positions 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  K. R. Last reply: 11 months ago  United States 
 USD 1,000 - 3,000 
 Last year 
 I need an experienced Human Resources Manager 
 Published: Last year  Bids: 3 
 The ideal candidate will support the full scope of Human Resources responsibilities and partner with the organization on strategic initiatives. They will maintain and enhance the organization's human resources by planning, implementing, and evaluating human resources policies, programs, and practices. 
 Responsibilities: 
Recruit and Onboard new hires Conduct performance management and provide feedback Manage Payroll and benefits for employees 
 Qualifications: 
Bachelor's degree or relevant experience 
Proven experience in Human Resources 
Strong recruiting and demonstrated ability to improve talent acquisition strategies 
Demonstrated expertise training managers and employees 
Strong organizational, critical thinking and communications skills 
Attention to detail and good judgment 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Recruiting 
 What do you need?  : For one position 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  C. P. Philippines 
 Open 
 Last year 
 Russian based recruiter 
 Published: Last year  Bids: 1 
 I need the Russian based recruiter which can provide the local talent. 
Must  know Russian  language. 
Well deserved for recruitment cycle. 
Policy of recruitment. 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Recruiting 
 Published by:  M. F. India 
 USD 50 - 100 
 Last year 
 Hr business partner Freelancer 
 Published: Last year  Bids: 11 
 I m looking for an hr bp spécialised in it industrie for hr task + sourcing and recruitment. 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Recruiting 
 What do you need?  : For various positions 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  T. Last reply: Last year  Singapore 
 USD 50 - 100 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
