
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Ironclad (S15) 
 Digital contracting platform for legal teams. 
 Product Manager 
 
 Location 
 San Francisco, CA, USA 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 3+ years 
 About Ironclad 
 At Ironclad, we're on a mission to empower legal teams to do great things for their organizations. We're building software that takes the pain out of administrative work, freeing legal teams to focus on legal work and drive business strategy. 
 About the role 
 Interested in being one of the first product hires at a category-defining company, backed by some of the best investors in Silicon Valley? Here’s your chance to bring the two-thousand-year-old legal profession into the digital age and write the product playbook for the next billion-dollar vertical. 
 About Ironclad: 
 Ironclad is the leading digital contracting platform for legal teams. By streamlining contract workflows, from creation and approvals to compliance and insights, Ironclad frees legal to be the strategic advisors they’re meant to be. Ironclad is used by modern General Counsels and their teams at companies like Dropbox, AppDynamics and Fitbit to unlock the power of their contracts data. Ironclad was named one of the 20 Rising Stars as part of the Forbes 2019 Cloud 100 list, the definitive list of the top 100 private cloud companies in the world. The company is backed by investors like Accel, Sequoia, Y Combinator and Emergence Capital. 
 As one of our first Product Managers, you’ll own large and company-critical product initiatives end-to-end. You’ll tackle everything from strategic planning to product development and public launch. You’ll be talking to our customers, partners, and internal teams such as Sales and Customer Success to get input and build world class products. Best of all, you’ll be joining a company of smart, driven, and low-ego people from places like Salesforce, Facebook, Google, Palantir, DocuSign, and Harvard Law. 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Understand the needs of Ironclad’s users better than anyone (including themselves). 
 Identify market opportunities and define product strategy. 
 Establish shared vision across the company by building consensus on priorities and product roadmap. 
 Lead the end-to-end ideation, development, and launch of amazing products. 
 Define and analyze metrics that inform product prioritization and decision-making 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 3+ years product management experience 
 BA/BS in Computer Science, Math, Engineering, Statistics or equivalent experience 
 Curiosity and enthusiasm for talking to end users and understanding their world 
 Recognized as a collaborative and influential leader; a great partner to all functions 
 Strong track record of owning end-to-end initiatives and launching impactful products 
 Exceptional product sense and strategic thinking 
 Strong organizational and analytical skills 
 
 Technology 
 Other jobs at Ironclad 
 Software Engineer 
 fulltime 
 325 5th St, San Francisco, CA 94107 
 Full Stack 
 3+ years 
 Product Manager 
 fulltime 
 San Francisco, CA, USA 
 3+ years 
 Product Quality Engineer 
 fulltime 
 San Francisco, CA, USA 
 Any (new grads ok) 
 Product Marketing Manager 
 fulltime 
 New York or San Francisco 
 3+ years 
 Senior Product Designer 
 fulltime 
 San Francisco, CA, USA 
 UI / UX 
 3+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
