Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Clarinet Instructor 
 The Musication 
 __North York, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description 
 We're looking for professional instructors who can teach  Clarinet  to join our team. You will find the opportunity to share your gift of music with students online, in studio, or in person. 
 About The Musication: 
 The Musication is the first Canadian music institute offering blended music lessons. A team of music graduates, we started The Musication in 2012 in Toronto and over the years expanded our service. Musication is an educational institute that provides music lessons in most of the Canadian major cities. We work with professional experienced music instructors with diverse musical interests and cultural backgrounds. We work together to provide students with a unique experience in their musical journey. Adapting the music lessons, we believe in the uniqueness of each student. 
 Job Requirements: 
 
 A bachelor's, master's degree, or equivalent, in music. 
 Minimum 2 years of teaching experience 
 Ability to teach different age groups 
 
 How to Apply: 
 Please apply as soon as possible. Include a resume and cover letter that clearly outline your teaching experience. (Please provide us with your  Email Address  on your resume) 
 Also, i  nclude a URL or upload a video of yourself performing the clarinet . This short video does not have to be an edited video, or a professional recording to cause you pressure. A short video (3-5 minutes) is absolutely appropriate. You can attach a Youtube URL in your email. 
 We thank all applicants and candidates selected for an interview will be contacted via  email . 
 Job Types: 
 Part-time, Permanent 
 Salary: 
 Teachers are paid by hour. We offer a competitive salary, and details will be discussed during the interview process, depending on educational credentials, years of teaching experience and other related qualifications. 
 Job Type: Contract 
 Salary: $20.00-$40.00 per hour 
 Experience: 
 
 teaching: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 First Aid Certification (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
