Skip to content 
 
 Jai Vyas Writes 
 Structured Chaos 
 ☰ Menu 
 
 Home 
 About Me 
 
 Tag: careers 
 The Future 
 October 2, 2015October 2, 2015   Jai Vyas 23 Comments 
 
 Today is the 2nd of October. Its celebrated as Gandhi Jayanti, here in India, and I hope, in the rest of the world as well. The 'father of our nation' as he's called, Mahatma Gandhi, was born on this day 146 years ago. 
 Its a day usually involving looking back at his life, how he voyaged, along with the rest of India, through the troughs and peaks of the freedom struggle. Its a day usually involving a fair bit of reminiscing. 
 But let's not do that. Let's instead look forward. Let's look to the future. I'd like to look to the future instead. 
 What does the future hold for me? What would I be like, what would my life be like 5, 10, 15, 20 years from now? 
 I honestly don't have a damn clue. 
 You know how they say that its not good living in the past? Well, I believe its not good to look too far into the future as well. Just as there is no point in thinking too much about what has been, there is no point in dwelling too much on what, possibly, probably, is still to come. Sometimes you just have to take a leap of faith and promise yourself you'll get where you want to be, no matter what. No. Matter. What. 
 I am in one of those phases right now when I don't know whether I should be enthusiastic about my future or not. I know what I want to be, and I have a very rough idea of how I can go about it, but I am honestly not sure about it all at the moment. 
 For me, the next three to four months are the most crucial months of my junior college life so far. I have my terminals towards the end of this month (for which I'm obviously not yet prepared completely), prelims (preliminary is the full form; they're basically like mock tests before our final 12th Board Exams), and then the 12th Boards in late February, and will stretch up to late March. After that I have a couple of months off, not to figure out what I want to do next, that is kinda a little late, but just to take a breather before I plunge back into the fray. 
 After the next decade or so, I aim to see myself having a profession, of some kind, in the field of Psychology. Of course, writing will be my side-business, so don't you people worry about me ever stopping writing 😀 I have been doing some research regarding careers in Psychology and Sports Psychology has interested me a lot. Other branches of Psychology that interest me are Criminal Psychology and Couneselling/Therapy. Are any of my readers here Psychologists, or do you have knowledge about that field? I'd love some advice or anything you have that could help in any way. 
 
 That was me contemplating about the past, present and future. What do you look forward to? 
 Sharing is caring, and other similar sayings... 
 
 WhatsApp 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 Reddit 
 LinkedIn 
 Email 
 More 
 
 
 
 Pocket 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  Writing 101 Tagged  assignments ,  career ,  careers ,  contemplative ,  future ,  life ,  optimism ,  past ,  present ,  psychology ,  writing ,  writing 101 ,  writing101 
 Website Powered by WordPress.com . 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
