Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Pathologists Assistant - Lower Mainland Laboratories 
 PHSA 
 __Vancouver, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Pathologists Assistant 
 Lower Mainland Laboratories, $35.02 to $43.65 per hour 
 
 Located at BC Children and Women’s Hospital 
 
 What you’ll do 
 Review patient charts for assigned autopsy cases and prepare a preliminary summary of clinical information. Notes special procedures or investigations to be performed and review autopsy consent with the Pathologist. 
Ensure completion of all pertinent documentation. 
Prepare for and perform post mortem prosection, including external examination, in place organ inspection, removal and dissection of organs, special procedures; record observations; and select tissue samples for further study. 
Review preliminary and final autopsy findings with the attending Pathologist; dictate reports, including observations, interpretations and correlation of clinical history and pathological findings as reviewed with the pathologist, for approval and signature of the responsible Pathologist. 
Direct the preservation and storage of autopsy / surgical pathology tissues for clinical, medical, legal, and research/education purposes as consented. 
 What you bring 
 Bachelor of Science Degree with courses in Human Anatomy. 
Current certification with the Canadian Certification Council of Pathologists’ Assistants (CCCPA) and/or American Society for Clinical Pathology Board of Registry (ASCP) certification. 
Three (3) years recent related experience in a clinical setting or an equivalent combination of education, training and experience. 
 What’s in it for you 
 Every PHSA employee enables the best possible patient care for our patients and their families. Whether you are providing direct care, conducting research, or making it possible for others to do their work, you impact the lives of British Columbians today and in the future. That’s why we’re focused on your care too – offering health, wellness, development programs to support you – at work and at home. 
 Join one of BC’s largest employers with province-wide programs, services and operations – offering vast opportunities for growth and development. 
Access to more than 2,000 in-house training programs. 
Enjoy a comprehensive benefits package, including municipal pension plan. 
12 annual statutory holidays with generous vacation entitlement and accruement. 
Perks include onsite fitness classes and discounts to 350 BC-wide recreational programs, travel, technology, car and bike sharing, and more. 
 Regular, Full-Time 
 Wage:  $35.03 to $43.65 per hour 
4500 Oak Street, Vancouver 
Applications will be accepted until position is filled. 
 Rotating Shifts:  7.5 hour shifts between 0700 - 1700, including on call. 
 Requisition Number:  99533 
 What we do 
 Lower Mainland Laboratories (LML) lmlabs.phsa.ca provides laboratory testing at 31 sites across the lower mainland and central coast of B.C., including acute care hospital laboratories and and specialty laboratories. 
 Provincial Health Services Authority (PHSA) plans, coordinates and evaluates specialized health services with the BC health authorities to provide equitable and cost-effective health care for people throughout the province. Our values reflect our commitment to excellence and include: Respect people – Be compassionate – Dare to innovate – Cultivate partnerships – Serve with purpose. Learn more about PHSA and our programs: jobs.phsa.ca/programs-and-services 
 PHSA is committed to employment equity and hires on the basis of merit, encouraging all qualified individuals to apply. We recognize that our ability to provide the best care for our diverse patient populations relies on a rich diversity of skills, knowledge, backgrounds and experiences, and value a safe, inclusive and welcoming environment. 
 ATTN: PHSA Employees: 
To be considered as a PHSA employee (internal applicant) for this position, you must apply online via your internal profile at http://internaljobs.phsa.ca 
 Please note the internal job posting will no longer be accessible after the expiry date of October 30th, 2020. If the internal job posting has expired, please contact the Internal Jobs Help Desk and advise that you would like to be considered as a late internal applicant for this position. Please do not apply for the external job posting. 
 If you have not registered your internal profile, a password is required to log in for the first time. To obtain your password, please contact the Internal Jobs Help Desk at 604-875-7264 or 1-855-875-7264. Please note regular business hours are Monday – Friday (excluding stats), 8:30am to 4:30pm. For inquiries outside of regular business hours, please email the Internal Jobs Help Desk at internaljobshelpu@phsa.ca and a Help Desk Representative will contact you the next business day. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
