The Jijuktu’kwejk Watershed Alliance 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About Us 
 Maps 
 Publications 
 Jobs 
 Support Us 
 
 Jobs 
 There are currently no job opportunities at the Watershed Alliance. 
 We like to leave up our old job postings, so interested folks can see what we've been up to: 
 Summer 2018, Summer Watershed Intern ( Download Here ) 
 The Jijuktu’kwejk (gee-gee-wok-tok) Watershed Alliance is a partnership of citizens and communities from Berwick to Wolfville in Kings County Nova Scotia, with the common vision of a healthy and sustainable natural environment, and a swimmable, drinkable and fishable Cornwallis (Jijuktu’kwejk) River. The organization was formed in 2016 and has a strategic plan and a strong volunteer board of directors who are working to achieve this vision. For more information about the Alliance, please visit  https://jijuktukwejkwatershedalliance.wordpress.com/ 
 and  www.facebook.com/JijuktukwejkWatershed/ 
 Job Description/Responsibilities: 
 The Alliance is hiring summer interns to work on two projects in the Cornwallis River Watershed in the summer of 2018. The number of interns will depend of grants received (see section below “Funding for these Positions”). The interns will work together on several projects, and will be guided by board members to achieve their goals. 
 Project 1: The goal for this project is to collect the same data every year in the same locations in order to understand short term and long term trends in the river. Data will be collected for the watershed and outline areas with the highest priority for clean up, restoration, and areas with the greatest potential for positive change. Interns will document, research and photograph the shoreline along the Cornwallis River. It is our goal for the Alliance to become the experts for scientific information about the river. 
 Project 2: Wood turtles are a rare and sensitive species in Nova Scotia, and although there have been no sightings of these turtles recently, there is reason to believe they are hiding very well in the watershed. The team will research and document potential wood turtle habitats and record evidence or lack of evidence of their presence. This work will be the foundation of a larger project that will help restore this species in this area. Hopefully we can use this data to support a larger grant that will include full time staff and year long research. 
 Project 3: We are proud that the valley is the agricultural hub of Nova Scotia, unfortunately this requires the use of many chemicals to optimize crop production. Interns will begin a research project that looks at the total area of fields of different crop types, associated chemicals for each crop, and recommended application volumes and frequency for each crop. We will begin to build a picture of how much chemicals are used in the watershed and how they may be impacting the river. This is a “rainy day project” when the team is at the office. 
 We will also be developing other projects based on the skills and experience of the interns and the board members, and the need in the watershed and in the community. Please review the “ Jijuktu’kwejk Watershed Alliance 2017 Summer Report ” to see the projects that interns worked on the the summer of 2017. 
 Specific tasks may include: 
 
 Participating in field work training program (online and in Halifax); 
 Meeting with the mentor team, initial training and weekly meetings; 
 Travel between the Alliance office (Kentville) and the field sites from Grafton to Kentville; 
 Collection of water samples from new and existing field sites; 
 Collection of data into databases, as well as photographs based on categories which may include flora, fauna, soil, geology, river condition, bank condition, etc; 
 Research of wood turtle, sturgeon, salmon or other projects such as fish habitat restoration, riparian protection and water quality monitoring; 
 Support of the  Flying Squirrel Adventure  program (attend meetings, help with set up and clean up, engage with the public, etc); 
 Produce a report documenting all findings for the site, and for the watershed; 
 Work as a team under the direction of CARP Management and the Project Coordinator; 
 Other duties as required from time to time such as equipment cleaning, organization of field or office equipment, promotion of field trips, and promotion of the organization. 
 
 Reporting Relationships: 
 The interns will report to a mentoring team consisting of scientists and organizers on matters specific to the summer projects. The mentoring team will create a schedule of working with the Assistants to help them achieve the goals of the projects. 
 Responsibilities of the Employer: 
 The employer will provide a safe and respectful work environment free from discrimination and harassment, meet the financial obligations to the employee in a timely manner and, within the financial capacity of the organization, provide the employee with equipment, materials and supplies to carry out his/her duties. In consultation with the employee, the employer will carry out a performance evaluation within two weeks of the start of the contract and at the end of the contract. 
 Responsibilities of Employee: 
 The employee will carry out his/her duties described above in a timely fashion, conduct himself/herself in a professional manner and follow all policies of the employer. The final report is the most important record of this research and must be completed collaboratively during the work term. Interns will complete a child abuse registry check (for participation in the Flying Squirrel Adventure program). It is preferred that interns have regular access to a car, cell phone and laptop (not mandatory) 
 Funding for These Positions: 
 This position is being funded by federal and municipal grants, some of which have requirements for participants. Grants have been applied to, however their status is not yet determined. We are confident that we will receive all of our grants, but they are not guaranteed. 
 
 Canada Summer Jobs (CSJ) initiative. The majority of our funding for summer interns is through this program. To be eligible for this position, applicants must be between 15 and 30 years of age on the start date of the job. The applicant must have been a full-time student during the previous academic year and be intending to return to full-time studies in the next academic year. Applicants also must be a Canadian citizen, a permanent resident or a refugee under the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act. Applicants must also be legally entitled to work according to relevant provincial legislation and regulations. 
 Municipal grants. Should the Alliance receive sufficient grants from municipal units, there may be positions for non-returning students to be hired. 
 
 Other details: 
 
 Applicants must have a valid drivers licence and have daily access to a vehicle. 
 Position is 10 weeks in the summer (mid June to August) 
 Researchers will have a dedicated office near the mentor team, and will have some travel to the field site and to government and academic offices. 
 
 Receipt of federal funding for this position is expected in May 201. 
 Remuneration:  Depending on grants received, interns will receive a competitive salary. In 2017, salaries were around $15/hour plus 4% vacation pay at 35 hours per week. A travel allowance will be provided for driving to field sites and training in Halifax (dependent on grants). 
 To apply, please prepare 
 
 A cover letter describing why you are interested in this position, and tell us about your experience with environmental restoration, scientific research, First Nations Culture, communities and reconciliation, the Annapolis Valley and the Jijuktu’kwejk River 
 
 (experience in these areas are considered an asset but are not required). 
 
 Your resume 
 
 Please send them in one document to: 
 Jennifer West, Jijuktu’kwejk Watershed Alliance 
 By post to: P O Box 407, Berwick, NS B0P1E0 
 By email to:   jijuktukwejk@gmail.com 
 
 Students who love the environment: we have a job for you! We are hiring summer researchers for July and August of 2017! 
 Summer 2017, Summer Watershed Intern 
 The Jijuktu’kwejk (gee-gee-wok-tok) Watershed Alliance is a partnership of citizens and communities from Berwick to Wolfville in Kings County Nova Scotia, with the common vision of a healthy and sustainable natural environment. Our vision is a swimmable, drinkable and fishable Jijuktu’kwejk River. The organization was formed in 2016 and has a strategic plan and a strong volunteer board of directors who are working to achieve this vision. 
 Remuneration:  $12.00 per hour plus 4% vacation pay and statutory benefits at 35 hours per week, pending federal and municipal funding approvals. A travel allowance will be provided for field trips and research trips. 
 Job Description/Responsibilities: 
 The Alliance is hiring interns to work on two projects in the Cornwallis Watershed in the summer of 2017. The assistants will work together on both projects, and will be guided by three board members to achieve their goals. 
 Project 1: Documenting, understanding and restoring the river along a stretch of the Jijuktu’kwejk River near the Annapolis Valley First Nation community. This work will include documenting the narrative from this area including existing conditions, special plants, community activities, historical use and stories, and community goals for restoring that section of the river. The goal for this project is to record local knowledge of the past, present and future uses of a section of the river. Interns will make weekly field trips to the site and will meet with First Nations community members who use the site and who have historic knowledge about the site and the river. 
 Project 2: Collect data for the watershed and to outline areas with the highest priority for clean up, restoration, and areas with the greatest potential for positive change. Data is stored at Acadia University as well as at the Kentville Department of Natural Resources and will be accessed with Alliance members. The goal for this project is to create a database of the existing reports and research within the Jijuktu`kwejk Watershed. This project will inform our organization’s path forward toward restoring other sections of the river throughout the year. 
 Specific tasks may include: 
 
 Participating in field work training program (online) 
 Meeting with the mentor team, initial training and weekly meetings 
 Understanding maps of the watershed, and field sites 
 Travel between the Alliance office and the field site at the Annapolis Valley First Nation. 
 Collection of data into journals, as well as photographs and spreadsheets based on categories which may include flora, fauna, soil, geology, river condition, bank condition, etc 
 Aid in collection of scientific data (e.g. with scientific instruments), by taking notes and entering data into computer. 
 Aid in research of wood turtle, sturgeon, salmon or other projects such as fish habitat restoration, riparian protection and water quality monitoring. 
 Aid in review of research of the Cornwallis River Watershed 
 Produce a report documenting all findings for the site, and for the watershed. 
 Work as member of a team under the direction of CARP Management and the Project Coordinator. 
 Other duties as required from time to time such as equipment cleaning, organization of field or office equipment, promotion of field trips, and promotion of the organization 
 
 Reporting Relationships: 
 The interns will report to the a mentoring team consisting of scientists and organizers on matters specific to the summer projects. The mentoring team will create a schedule of working with the interns to help them achieve the goals of the projects. The intern is not part of the Alliance management team and no staff report to him/her. 
 Responsibilities of the Employer: 
 The employer will provide a safe and respectful work environment free from discrimination and harassment, meet the financial obligations to the employee in a timely manner and, within the financial capacity of the organization, provide the employee with equipment, materials and supplies to carry out his/her duties. In consultation with the employee, the employer will carry out a performance evaluation within two weeks of the start of the contract and at the end of the contract. 
 Responsibilities of Employee: 
 The employee will carry out his/her duties described above in a timely fashion, conduct himself/herself in a professional manner and follow all policies of the employer. 
 Additional Eligibility Requirements: 
 This position is being funded by the Canada Summer Jobs (CSJ) initiative. To be eligible for this position, applicants must be between 15 and 30 years of age on the start date of the job. The applicant must have been a full-time student during the previous academic year and be intending to return to full-time studies in the next academic year. Applicants also must be a Canadian citizen, a permanent resident or a refugee under the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act. Applicants must also be legally entitled to work according to relevant provincial legislation and regulations. 
 Other details: 
 
 Applicants will be required to travel- access to a vehicle is considered an asset 
 Position is 8 week in the summer (July and August) 
 Interns will have a dedicated office near the mentor team, and will have some travel to the field site and to government and academic offices. 
 
 Receipt of federal funding for this position is expected in May 2017 
 To apply, please prepare 
 
 A cover letter describing why you are interested in this position, and tell us about your experience with environmental restoration, scientific research, First Nations Culture, communities and reconciliation, the Annapolis Valley and the Jijuktu’kwejk River 
 
 (experience in these areas are considered an asset but are not required). 
 
 Your resume 
 
 Please send them in one document to: 
 Jennifer West, Jijuktu’kwejk Watershed Alliance 
 By post to: P O Box 407, Berwick, NS B0P1E0 
 By email to:   jijuktukwejk@gmail.com 
 Deadline: 12:00pm May 31, 2017 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 
 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 
 Categories Select Category Uncategorized 
 
 
 Find us on Facebook! 
 
 
 
 Find us on Facebook! 
 
 
 
 Stay up to date! 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this website and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Keep me posted! 
  The Jijuktu’kwejk Watershed Alliance  
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
