Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Cabinet Maker 
 Mirmil Products 
 __Trenton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Mirmil Products is seeking experienced cabinet makers. 
 Job Overview:  Cabinet Makers are responsible for the fabrication and assembly of millwork pieces, doors and door frames, and cabinetry, using a variety of woods and laminates. 
 Job Duties: 
 
 Reading and understanding architectural drawings, blueprints, and specifications 
 Operating all tools and machinery associated with woodworking such as power saws, jointers, and shapers, and use hand tools to cut, shape and form parts and components 
 Trim joints and fit parts and subassemblies together to form complete unit using glue and clamps and reinforce joints using nails, screws or other fasteners 
 Sand wooden surfaces and apply veneer, stain or polish to finished products 
 Organizing and sorting parts in preparation for assembly. 
 Constructing cabinets and other millwork pieces 
 Constructing custom items to the highest possible standard of quality. 
 Complete trim work, fine trim work and fabrication and assembly of hardware 
 Assembling complex items using plastic laminates, wood veneers, metals, glass, and solid surface materials. 
 Working to AWI/AWMAC premium grade standards. 
 Instruct beginners and supervise the work of others if need be. 
 Maintain a clean and safe work environment 
 
 Requirements: 
 
 5+ years of experience 
 Ability to use hand tools, power tools, saws and routers in a safe manner 
 Knowledgeable in many kinds of wood 
 Knowledgeable in veneer – i.e., how to match, install and apply it 
 Able to communicate and interpret both imperial and metric units 
 Organized 
 Team player 
 Positive attitude 
 Excellent oral communication skills 
 Willing to train new employees 
 Good problem solving and time management skills 
 Able to multitask and prioritize tasks depending on timelines and work in a fast pace 
 Extreme attention to detail and accuracy 
 Must be capable of lifting and handling sheet goods and standing for extended periods 
 
 Wage will be based on experience. Only those selected for an interview will be contacted. Thank you to all who apply. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Benefits: 
 
 Casual dress 
 On-site parking 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 Day shift 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Cabinet Making: 3 years (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
