
 Skip to navigation 
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to secondary content 
 Skip to footer 
 
 The Readneck Review Blog 
 God, Guns and Gumption 
 
 What the Heck is a Readneck anyway? 
 Blog 
 The Readneck Review- Main Page 
 News and Updates 
 Redneck Genius 
 General Store 
 Bad Sign Language- Funny Pics 
 
 Another Place, Another Time, Another Job 
 3 
 October 14, 2014  by JImbo 
 The Secret US Casualties of Iraq's Secret Chemical Weapons 
 Wow does this bring back memories. I was there 2004-2005 just down the road in Tikrit.This was a few years before the discovery they're talking about, but I think I was AT "Spider" before… if that's the big place about where it looks on the map that was just a big berm with a bunch of antennas sticking out of it. We used to convoy hot chow out there daily because they didn't have a kitchen. 
 The old DCUs, the hodepdge half-armored humvees, the guys working on pulling out canisters of "unknown stuff" and unmarked artillery rounds. 
 I didn't have to go into any of those bunkers, but I know guys who did. They had quite a few stories. 
 Bottom line is when I tell people the stories of this stuff being found they "pooh pooh" it and either a) don't believe me or b) dismiss it as meaningless. Sorry if I don't consider this dangerous work "meaningless." 
 "Well it wasn't an ACTIVE program!" they say. Usually it's folks who quite ACTIVELY hate George Bush and Republicans. They can't admit there was a reason to go there. 
 For us, we saw a damn good reason to clean that stuff up. Those were still LIVE ROUNDS. if they were made 10 years before or 20 years before… or two days before. 
 So what? They were live chemical weapons! Most of our nuclear bombs are decades old. Does that mean they're 'meaningless?" "Useless?" "Obsolete?" 
 Saddam wasn't supposed to have them. 
 He said he didn't have them. 
 He did. 
 The way the "peace" unfolded was a clusterfudge of the highest order. We (or rather the leadership anyway) learned NOTHING from previous wars and fired basically EVERYONE in any position of authority or in government service, from the Soldiers to the Police, Teachers, Mayors, even the Janitors. 
 What did they THINK was going to happen when you fire EVERYONE in the country? Everything collapsed. Did they not think looting might happen when they fired every police officer? 
 Then they acted surprised when the pissed off, unemployed workers tried to get revenge by attacking us. Made sense to us why they were pissed. Most of them weren't "terrorists." They were simply angry, frustrated and unemployed trying to feed their families. 
 How could they respect the "new" replacements in their positions who came in with no training, hired simply because they were "new" (and Shi'ite?) Wouldn't you be upset? Then Al Qaeda comes in and offers you cash to blow up the bastards who took your job? It wasn't a hard sell. 
 Of course the locals didn't really LIKE the terrorists. They didn't care for the Sharia Law. They didn't like their snobbish ways. They were dirty, wild-eyes foreigners who didn't give a crap about blowing up a marketplace full of Iraqis. 
 "Collateral damage" as we would call it. "Martyrs to Allah" Al Qaeda would say. The locals iraqis just said "A pox on both your houses!" 
 We managed to forge some bonds with the locals. I went on some of those missions. Met the locals we hired for work around the base. Ran into the police and soldiers on duty. 
 I can't help but wonder what would have happened had we just left well enough alone. Not deposed Saddam. That was kind of a foregone conclusion after the whole UN sanctions and dozens of nations in the coalition. 
 However, if we had done what we did in Germany or Japan… left the local infrastructure alone… and just let them elect another leader. Would things have turned out much differently? Would we have left with a couple years? Would everything since then… the sectarian bloodshed, the influx of terrorists, ISIS, etc…. would it have all not happened? 
 Who knows. Too late to know now. You reap what you sow. 
 I will say that I'm glad we cleaned out all those chemical weapons. I respect the guys who did that. I never wanted that job. 
 As it is, I expect sometime soon ISIS to run across an undiscovered cache and use them. They already showed they were willing to use chemical weapons they captured in Syria. 
 Our President tried to blame the Syrian military but what sense did that make? Why would the winning side (at the time) use chemical weapons and virtually guarantee to piss us off and want to attack them? Looks like it was ISIS or Muslim Brotherhood that did it. 
 Imagine how much nasty stuff they'd have had access to if we hadn't gone in and destroyed it. 
     
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 Facebook 
 Tumblr 
 Reddit 
 Pocket 
 Pinterest 
 Print 
 Email 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Category:  Uncategorized  | Tags:  155mm ,  203mm ,  42nd id ,  60mm ,  81mm ,  al qaeda ,  albany ,  allah ,  antenna ,  army ,  arng ,  artillery ,  barack obama ,  berm ,  bloodshed ,  casualties ,  chemical ,  chemical weapons ,  chief ,  children ,  Christian ,  civil war ,  cob ,  community ,  conservative ,  convoy ,  danger ,  dcu ,  democrat ,  division ,  economy ,  emir ,  Family ,  fob ,  GAC ,  gas ,  George bush ,  Germany ,  Government ,  guard ,  Guns ,  history ,  Humvee ,  Hussein ,  imam ,  infantry ,  iraq ,  Iraqi ,  isis ,  Islam ,  islamic ,  islamist ,  janitor ,  japan ,  kurd ,  law ,  liberal ,  marmite ,  martyr ,  mayor ,  Media ,  Middle East ,  Military ,  Motivation ,  muslim brotherhood ,  mustard ,  national ,  New York ,  NYARNG ,  peace ,  police ,  political ,  Politics ,  president ,  Religion ,  religious ,  republican ,  Rochester ,  rounds ,  saddam ,  sarin ,  school ,  Secret ,  sectarian ,  secular ,  sharia ,  sheikh ,  shiite ,  soldier ,  speicher ,  spider ,  sunni ,  Syracuse ,  Syria ,  teacher ,  terrorism ,  terrorist ,  Tikrit ,  troops ,  united states ,  us ,  War ,  weapons ,  wmd ,  World 
 School Mission #3- September, 2005 Tikrit, Iraq  » 
 «  4 Disney Movie Villains Who Were Right All Along (from Cracked.com) 
 3 thoughts on "Another Place, Another Time, Another Job" 
 
 roninwolf109  says: 
 
 October 14, 2014 at 11:10 pm 
 shrugs  A pile of stuff under a sand dune doth not a mushroom cloud make. 
 I'd wager that Saddam would have been like "Whoa. So that's where those went. Who hid that shit there? Oh…Oh right. Probably that guy I had shot like a decade ago. Damn." 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 * [JImbo](https://readneckreview.wordpress.com) says:
 
 October 14, 2014 at 11:17 pm 
 Doesn't need to be a mushroom cloud to ruin your day. 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 
 Pat Russell  says: 
 
 October 15, 2014 at 1:08 pm 
 Shhhh! No ones supposed to know about this. National security you understand. 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (Address never made public) 
 Name 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Blog Stats 
 
 37,724 hits 
 
 Archives 
 
 October 2018 
 August 2018 
 July 2018 
 June 2018 
 March 2018 
 February 2018 
 January 2018 
 December 2017 
 November 2017 
 October 2017 
 September 2017 
 August 2017 
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 579 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Halloween Costumes Nobody Wanted (featuring Jenny Nicholson) 
 Taking Dictation 
 BIG Dog Wash 
 Shit Just Got Serious 
 Press Intentionally Misleads on Trump's NATO Claims 
 
 Links 
 
 What the Heck is a Readneck anyway? 
 Blog 
 The Readneck Review- Main Page 
 News and Updates 
 Redneck Genius 
 General Store 
 Bad Sign Language- Funny Pics 
 
 The Readneck Review on Facebook 
 
 The Readneck Review on Facebook 
 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
