The Tightrope 
 Searching for balance between research, family and life 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About Dr. O 
 Featured Posts 
 On Science and Faith 
 DonorsChoose: Keep Giving! 
 
 Category Archives: job applications 
 The hunt: preparing my tenure-track application 
 Posted on  November 9, 2011  by  Dr. O 
 _This is the second in a series of posts about my hunt for the tenure-track.  Since I have no idea how much my decisions, persistence, and luck played into my fortune , i_t is not purposed as a guide for how to secure a tenure-track position. Rather, the series is highlighting the steps I took,  starting with my postdoc search . I’ll leave it to others (as well as my future, tenured self) to clarify what it was that I did right. 
 __So you 've been a postdoc for about 2-3 years, and gotten one or two solid publications out the door (maybe more, depending on your field). You've taken ownership of your project, established a small network in your field, and figured out where the lab first aid kit is located. Your life, in and out of the lab, is somewhat settled, and you finally feel comfortable in your postdoctoral skin. And then it hits you - postdoc positions aren't permanent. Whether or not you think you're ready to run your own lab, it's high time to start envisioning your future research program - the basis of a tenure-track job application. 
 There are 5 main components to the TT job application - cover letter, CV, research statement, teaching statement, and letters of recommendation - each of which takes time to develop. Even if you don't plan to send a single job app out for another year, you better start getting your shit together. Why? Because getting a tenure-track job requires more than publications. You need to develop a plan for your research, funding, trainees, personnel and (at some institutions) teaching. And believe it or not, some parts of your plan are actionable  RIGHT NOW . So what did I do? 
 First, I updated my CV (really, you should be working on this all along), and had several individuals in my department and field take a look. You can find lots of advice out there on how to organize your CV, but I found it most useful to talk to faculty who had served on TT search committees in my field. On my CV, I listed my education, research experience, awards, grants, teaching experience, invited talks, society memberships, and service (committees I served on during my postdoc). I made my publications easy to find (I put them on the last page, because everyone I talked to said they flipped immediately to the last page to find the publication list), and organized them into categories: peer-reviewed articles first, reviews next. I included a submitted paper during my first round of job applications, but I never listed manuscripts in preparation. Also not making the cut: my childhood babysitting experience, the certificate I got for perfect attendance in Sunday School, and my ability to make a  damn-good tomato-based pasta sauce . Keeping my CV up-to-date helped immensely when I was ready to submit grants, one of the next steps in getting myself ready to apply for jobs. 
 Identifying a transitional source of funding was a good way for me to get my shit together, even before I was ready to send out apps. Fairly soon after my first paper got accepted, I started working on a K grant, which was submitted shortly before I started applying for jobs. I didn't end up securing that funding until the end of my second round of searching, but the writing and revising of that grant (  including the career development section  ) did wonders for getting my research plan organized. For my first round of TT job apps, I used an abbreviated version of my specific aims page as the core of my research statement, with additional information on how this plan could transition into a couple of related projects. I also  briefly  stated how I planned to get funding for each of the projects (K, R01, private foundation grants, etc). As my job search wore on, my research statement evolved and improved. I still don't know just how much of an impact my statement had on the search committees, but it definitely served as a crucial jumping-off point for me during subsequent steps in the job search process. Second to my cover letter (discussed below), this document received perhaps the greatest amount of my attention during my two years on the job market. 
 Next, I generated a standard cover letter with virtually no first paragraph, a second paragraph on my research accomplishments, a third paragraph summarizing my future research interests, and a short fourth paragraph with my (fairly limited) teaching experience. I left the first paragraph blank so that I wouldn't accidentally send a cover letter to University of Alaska in response to their ad for a position in ice fishing research with a reference to University of Hawaii about their position for research on surf boards - I mean, can you imagine the embarrassment??? Instead, I wrote a unique first paragraph for each job application I sent, stating briefly why I was interested in the position and why they should be interested in ME!! It took a little longer, but there were no embarrassing cases of mistaken identity - especially impressive considering I was in labor when I sent out the bulk of my job applications last year. My research paragraphs highlighted my contributions to the field, the fact that I had (depending on when I sent the app) submitted, resubmitted, been scored, or secured a K grant, and what types of funding I would pursue once landing a position. My teaching paragraph, although small, conveyed that I did have some experience and that I was excited about educating grad/medical/undergrad students. 
 Once ads for TT positions started to appear, I contacted my references (my current mentor, my grad mentor, my collaborator, and my chair)*, informed them I was beginning to apply for jobs, asked them if they would be able and willing to send letters, and provided them with the first set of ads and due dates for the applications I would be sending out. From that point on, whenever I saw a position I wanted to apply for, I sent an email with the job description and the due date (if there was one given) to each of my referees**. Then I customized my application materials for the prospective position, proofread the materials a gazillion times, and applied. During the first round of my search, I restricted myself to a fairly narrow scope of positions, applying only for those that fit into some vision of my dream job that was stuck in my head. For the second round, I applied for everything. And I mean  EVERYTHING  , so long as Hubby could see himself possibly finding a job nearby. Good thing, too - the job I have now is not exactly what I had envisioned for myself a few years ago, but it's turned out to be a better fit than I could have imagined. 
 The teaching statement is the last thing I will discuss here, because it is literally the last thing that I thought about when getting my application package together. Only one job I applied for during my first round asked for a teaching statement. By the time my second round began, about half the positions, even those with heavy research demands and light teaching loads, were asking for teaching statements. It's noteworthy that a teaching statement is not necessarily the same as a teaching philosophy. Sure, I  talked  about my teaching philosophy, but only in the context of my experience, which was the basis for my teaching statement. I summarized my teaching experience from undergraduate and beyond, briefly noting what I learned about educating students at each step. At the end of my statement, I identified specific courses I was qualified to teach that were already being offered in the department's graduate (and undergraduate, if applicable) programs. I also briefly described a single course, not currently offered but complementary to their current curriculum, that I could develop once my lab was up and running. 
 So that's what I did. I'm sure others did lots of things differently, and I'm sure there are lots of opinions on what's right or wrong. Please share your experiences and thoughts. Next time, I'll be talking about the job interview. 
 *Most jobs only asked for 3 letters, but some asked for 4. I only had sent the number that was asked for in the ad. 
 **Remember - faculty get requests for recommendation letters all the time. They don't mind sending them out, as long as they know it's for a good reason. Just be sure to ask them what they need from you (updated CV, possibly your research statement and cover letter, information on the grants you're applying for, etc) and be sure to provide them with pertinent information about the position (advertisement, due dates, contact name if one was provided). 
 Posted in  job applications ,  job search ,  postdocs ,  tenure-track  |   11 Comments 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Weekend mornings with Monkey, techie edition 
 Saying No 
 A GOOD day 
 Two things n00b (and not-so-n00b) grad students should remember 
 Sunday mornings 
 
 Twitter 
 Error: Please make sure the Twitter account is  public . 
 Sci-Parent Blogs 
 
 Apple Pie and The Universe 
 Balanced Instability 
 Cackle of Radness 
 DrugMonkey 
 FemaleScienceProfessor 
 Grumpy rumblings of the untenured 
 On Becoming a Domestic and Laboratory Goddess 
 Pondering Blather 
 Prof-Like Substance 
 ScientistMother 
 Take it to the Bridge 
 The Barefoot Doctoral 
 The Prodigal Academic 
 The Two Body Problem 
 Wandering Scientist 
 White Coat Underground 
 
 Scientist Blogs 
 
 Comrade PhysioProf 
 Fumbling Towards Tenure 
 Neurodynamics 
 Tales of the Genomic Repairman 
 The Hermitage 
 The Meandering Scholar 
 The Thoughtful Animal 
 There and (hopefully) back again 
 
 Cool Mom Blogs 
 
 Mom 101 
 Mommy Wants Vodka 
 MotherLode 
 The Dalai Mama 
 Working Mama 
 
 Random Blogs I Love 
 
 Jason Good 
 The Bloggess 
 Whatever 
 
 Categories 
 Categories Select Category #DFS 911 academia active voice administrative alcohol antibiotic resistance bacterial gene expression bitchiness blogging blogrolling boobs brain FAIL breastfeeding car seats career celebrate Cheerios childbirth childcare circumcision cleaning cloning Coburn collaborations condo conference confidence control cooking crazy cupcakes dating daycare daylight savings time dishwashers suck ear infections education email engineer FAIL faith family feminism focus FAIL food football Freud friends fun with polls FWDAOTI gender roles gestational diabetes Google search terms grad school grammar grants gross growing up hair happiness hate health care reform home improvement homebirthing hormones housing market iChat illness infectious disease innovation interviewing job applications job offer job search Jon Stewart jury duty K grant lab games labmates LabSpaces Lent life Link Fest lit review LOLZ love lullaby manuscript marriage maternity leave meme madness Mental Health Month mentoring midwivery Mike Myers mommy track Monkey Monkey dining motherhood movies music my new lab names negotiating nerves nesting NIH nursing oil spill organization Osama bin Laden paper parenting passive voice patience PDA pedigree physics PI-dom pipetaid play poetry politics poop humor postdocs postpartum depression preeclampsia pregnancy presentation professionalism pseudonymous blogging public schools pumping quorum sensing random rant rapture rashes recipes relationships research reviewers running Salmonella science!!!!! Scientiae Scientopia scimom sexism signing Skype sleep spiritual start-up lists stress swingers teaching tenure-track The Third Reviewer thievery top mommy blogs traffic travel twitter Type III Secretion Uncategorized vacation vaccines video conference weight loss wine wisdom teeth women's issues work work-life balance worry writing 
 Archives 
 Archives Select Month November 2012  October 2012  September 2012  August 2012  June 2012  May 2012  April 2012  March 2012  January 2012  December 2011  November 2011  October 2011  September 2011  August 2011  July 2011  June 2011  May 2011  April 2011  March 2011  February 2011  January 2011  December 2010  November 2010  October 2010  September 2010  August 2010  July 2010  June 2010  May 2010  April 2010  March 2010  February 2010  January 2010  December 2009  September 2009  April 2009  March 2009 
   
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
