[ 
 Workew 
 Workew is the #1 board to find remote jobs, careers and other remote work opportunities to become digital nomad, work from anywhere and travel the world. 
 ](https://workew.com/ "Workew") Close Search for: Search 
 
 Remote Jobs 
 
 Marketing 
 Developer 
 Operations 
 Designer & UX 
 Customer Service 
 Project Mgmt 
 Sales & Biz Dev 
 Writing & Editing 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Other WFH Jobs 
 
 
 Remote Work Course 
 My account 
 
 Shopping Cart 
 
 
 More
 
 Facebook Group 
 Telegram Alerts 
 Pricing & Plans 
 Remote Health 
 Contact Us 
 Blog Posts 
 
 
 Post a Job 
 Post a Resume 
  __Facebook 
 
 Menu 
 Sales Representative 
 
 
 Sales 
 Anywhere 🌎 
 Posted October 9 
 Applications have closed 
 Winnie 
 
 Overview 
 At Winnie, we’re on a mission to make parents’ lives easier. Winnie helps over 7M parents across the United States find daycare, preschool, and more. In addition to helping parents, child care providers use Winnie to fill their open spaces, build their wait lists, and get support and resources to run their business efficiently. 
 As a Sales Representative, you’ll help child care businesses understand the value of Winnie and drive leads and enrollments through our platform. 
 About the Role 
 We are looking for a Sales Representative to grow our outbound and inbound sales development efforts to childcare businesses. This is a great opportunity for an entrepreneurial Sales Representative who wants to grow their career quickly through full-cycle sales backed by a world-class product team. This role reports directly to the CEO and co-founder and offers considerable support from the Product team and Senior Leadership. 
 The primary responsibility of the Sales Representative is to target childcare enterprises with $20M-200M annual revenue who will use Winnie’s digital marketing services to reach more families. The target market accounts for more than $30B in annual revenue and includes national and regional childcare companies, including multi-location companies, franchise businesses, and nonprofits looking to grow enrollments and waitlists. This is a high-energy, client-facing sales role requiring proven sales ability with a passion for closing deals and growing strategic accounts. 
 This position is remote-friendly and we are open to candidates based anywhere in the U.S. Currently, during the COVID-19 pandemic, our team is distributed across the U.S. and we are hiring and onboarding new teammates virtually. 
 Responsibilities 
 
 Research accounts in depth, identify key targets and generate interest 
 Execute outbound phone and email campaigns to book discovery calls 
 Conduct discovery calls with senior level executives and stakeholders serving as the first touch-point for prospects 
 Clearly articulate the Winnie value proposition to different segments of the SME childcare market 
 Work closely with CEO to close deals 
 Establish a collaborative business relationship between Winnie and childcare businesses to nurture and grow strategic accounts 
 Provide actionable product feedback to the Product Team to help iterate on our value offering to childcare businesses 
 
 Qualifications 
 
 5+ years of sales experience 
 Demonstrated B2B sales experience consistently exceeding quota 
 Quick learner and self-starter comfortable working remotely and independently to achieve goals 
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
 Ability to translate technology and data to a non-technical audience 
 Proficient in GSuite, a Sales CRM (we use Hubspot), and other remote tools 
 Experience working for a technology startup or SaaS company preferred 
 
 What it 's like working for Winnie 
 
 We’re not your typical tech company 
 We are super family-friendly and value reasonable work hours 
 We are committed to a diverse and inclusive work environment, and we are supportive of returners who have been out of the workforce 
 We work cross functionally and collaboratively across the company 
 We use Slack and video calls to facilitate communication with remote employees 
 
 What we offer 
 
 Generous equity package and a competitive salary and commission 
 Excellent medical, vision, and dental coverage for employees and their families 
 FSA option, 401k plan, commuter benefits 
 Generous vacation policy (and we use it) 
 12 weeks of fully paid parental leave and family friendly policies 
 Professional development budget for each employee 
 
 We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. Don’t meet all the requirements for the position? That’s okay. We encourage you to still apply. 
 
 Bookmark Job 
 
 Job Page Views:  377 
 Sales 
 
  Website  
  Twitter  
 
 Full Time 
 More Jobs 
 Position closed? 
 Let us know . 
 Share this job: 
 
  Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Join the Remote Slack Community: 
 
 Signup today for free!  🚀 
 Related Jobs 
 
 
 
 Demand Generation Leader 
 SafetyWing  Building a global social safety net for remote workers 
 Anywhere 🌎 
 * Marketing
* January 18
 
 
 
 
 Business Development Manager 
 1Password  The best way to keep you and your Family, Team, and Business safe online 
 Anywhere in US/Canada 🇺🇸🇨🇦 
 * Sales
* October 29
 
 
 
 
 Solution Consultant 
 MURAL  We share inspiration to help you organize ideas, identify problems & define solutions through visual collaboration 
 Anywhere in Europe 🇪🇺 
 * Others
* November 12
 
 Find Your Dream Job 
 Recruiters looking for remote talent can find your resume based on keywords, job titles, skills and more. 
 Post a resume today 
 WORKEW © 2020 
 Facebook   Twitter   LinkedIn   Instagram   YouTube 
 Back to Top 
 Nomad Insurance by SafetyWing : The best travel medical insurance for freelancers & remote workers Get Insured 
