[ 
 Workersonboard 
 ](https://www.workersonboard.com/ "Workersonboard") 
 Toggle Navigation 
 
 Home  
 
 W@H Community 
 Help 
 Site Directory 
 
 
 Get Paid Online  
 
 Extra Cash 
 Focus Groups 
 Freelance Gigs 
 Mystery Shop 
 Paid Surveys 
 Sell your Stuff 
 Smartphone Apps 
 
 
 Work at Home Jobs  
 
 Work at Home Equipment 
 Non Phone Work at home Jobs 
 Late Night Work at home Jobs 
 WAH Jobs No Experience 
 Work at home Companies 
 W@H Jobs you can Live On 
 Work at home Weekly Pay 
 WAH Jobs for Teens 
 W@H Jobs No Landline 
 Worldwide WAH Jobs 
 Work at Home Scams 
 Work at home Websites 
 Resume 
 
 
 Weekly Jobs  
 
 Typing Test 
 Friday Freebie 
 My W@H Course 
 W@H Book 
 
 
 Remote T  
 
 Accounting 
 Appointment Setters 
 Data Entry 
 Editing 
 Transcription 
 Tutor 
 Write Online  
 
 Writing Gigs 
 Freelance Writing 
 Write for Greeting Cards 
 
 
 
 
 Blogging  
 
 Blogging Course 
 How to Start a Blog 
 Build a Blog/Website 
 Get a Blog 
 Monetize Your Blog 
 
 
 Free  
 
 Free Instant Gift Cards 
 Free Cash to Search Online 
 Free Blog 
 
 
 About  
 
 Advertise 
 Contact Me 
 Video Library 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 Free Job Placement Help for those on SSI or SSDI 
 Published by  aw1219  on July 29, 2020 
 We may earn money or products from some of the companies mentioned in this post. 
 If you are one of the many people with  disabilities  whose livelihood has been affected by the Covid-19 crisis, you may have skills and abilities that could transfer to other kinds of jobs and industries, even if you cannot leave the house. 
 Work at home jobs  are plentiful right now because of the pandemic, especially in customer service, technical support, medical and IT. For over two decades, I have been helping people with disabilities on SSID or SSI find legitimate Work at home positions through my company,  My Employment Options . I have learned there are basic technical minimum requirements across customer service and technical support positions that are helpful for job seekers to be aware of. 
 Typical Minimum Work at Home Requirements for Customer Service and Tech Support Jobs  : (may vary by employer and position) 
 
 Set Schedule -- Consistent Work hours including weekends & full-time training 
 PC Computer (no Mac's) with a minimum 2 GHz processor and 4 GB RAM 
 40 GB free space 
 Computer Navigation - Move between multiple windows and programs 
 Typing: 35 words per minute (minimum) 
 High-Speed Internet Acess - Must be Ethernet. No Wireless or Satellite 
 Home Office - Quiet and free of distractions 
 
 The variety of industries offering remote work since the COVID pandemic started is astounding. In addition to customer service in telephone, cable, computer/high Tech, and Video Gaming industries, there are jobs now in Disaster Assistance, Accounting, Federal Government, Telehealth, and other professional positions. We continue to see more and more types of jobs added this year! 
 Clarifying how these jobs translate into positions, Ms. Vieillet said, "When it comes to Customer Service Inbound, this could be tech support, reservations, helping set up gaming systems, explaining benefits, solving billing issues, helping with account issues or taking orders. When it comes to Customer Service Outbound, it might be setting appointments, virtual assistance, returning calls to answer questions or managing people, projects, or cases." 
 "Since these jobs are already in the home," Ms. Vieillet noted, "these positions can be especially accessible to people with disabilities. For those Social Security Beneficiaries ages 18-64, who are currently receiving SSDI or SSI benefits, there is a voluntary free federal program called Ticket to Work that provides free job placement assistance for those trying to return to the workforce again!" 
 
 My company,  My Employment Options , specializes in Work at Home jobs in this free program for those on SSDI or SSI. Many of our staff also have a disability and have used this great program! 
 Our specialty has been Work at Home employment since the Ticket to Work Program began in 2002 and we have many partnerships with leading national remote and community employers who love to hire our loyal and diverse clients in the 47 states we serve! 
 Ticket to Work was specifically created to help those on SSDI or SSI benefits to have free help in trying to return to work with benefits protections and safety nets. Beneficiaries do not have to worry about risking their cash or medical benefits while trying to achieve substantial gainful employment. Ticket to Work offers free job placement via Employment Network agencies, like  My Employment Options , to help job seekers every step of the way in their employment journey! They do not have to go it alone! 
 Beneficiaries who qualify for the program can expect authorized Employment Networks to create an Individual Work Plan for each client and provide skills and abilities assessment, career guidance, job placement services and help to talk with employers about accommodations. They also assist with career advancement, providing moral support; all for free as part of this great federal program! 
 
 Every SSA authorized Employment Network has their own unique process and resources for providing their free Ticket to Work Services.  My Employment Options  keeps it simple with a providing an easy online application to confirm program eligibility for those on SSDI or SSI. Since not everyone qualifies for Ticket to Work, My Employment Options does share free career resources and referrals to help as many people with disabilities find the resources they need. Work at Home jobs via the Ticket to Work Program continue to change lives every day! 
 ABOUT MY EMPLOYMENT OPTIONS 
 Paula Vieillet is the CEO and Founder of  My Employment Options . She is a nationally recognized author, speaker, and presenter. For over 2 decades, My Employment Options has been helping SSDI and SSI beneficiaries across 47 States find suitable employment through the federal Ticket to Work Program. This program, which is free and voluntary, provides key benefit protection and incentives for beneficiaries trying to return to work. Free client services include personal job counselors who offer one-to-one job counseling and a staff Certified Benefits Counselor (CWIC) to help with work-related SSA benefits questions.  www.MyEmploymentOptions.com 
 
 Please  click here  to visit their official website and apply online if you are interested in working from home and currently receive SSI or SSDI. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Related 
 Categories:  free job placement assistance MyEmployment Options Ticket to Work Program 
 Tags:  free job placement assistance free work at home program MyEmployment Options review 
           
 
 0 Comments 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 What's on your mind? 
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. 
 Notify me of new posts by email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Subscribe to Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 3,478 other subscribers 
 Email Address 
 Subscribe 
 Subscribe 
 
 
 
 Get Started  
 
 
 Work at home Course 
 300+ Companies that Pay you to W@H 
 W@H Essentials 
 W@H FB Group 
 Daily Work at Home Jobs 
 Payment Proof 
 Get paid Daily 
 Get Paid $10 to Join Swagbucks 
 Reviewers needed 
 Mini Polls for Fast Cash 
 Free $10 Gift Card 
 Advertise on Workersonboard 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 Easy Steps to start a Blog 
 
 
 Work at home Course 
 300+ Companies that Pay you to W@H 
 W@H Essentials 
 W@H FB Group 
 Daily Work at Home Jobs 
 Payment Proof 
 Get paid Daily 
 Get Paid $10 to Join Swagbucks 
 Reviewers needed 
 Mini Polls for Fast Cash 
 Free $10 Gift Card 
 Advertise on Workersonboard 
 
 Workersonboard.com 2011-2020 
 
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you accept this policy as long as you are using this websiteXAcceptView Policy 
 We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok 
