
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Sutra (S20) 
 Run your fitness business online 
 Software Engineer - fullstack 
 $120k - $160k • 1.00% - 2.50% 
 Location 
 Los Angeles / Remote 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 6+ years 
 About Sutra 
 Sutra is shaping the future of the fitness + wellness industry. 
 We make it easier than ever for fitness professionals to start, run and scale their own businesses. Our platform allows fitness entrepreneurs to host classes and events, monetize on-demand content, and build community-driven courses from their own website. Sutra takes out the heavy lifting so leaders can focus on what they do best: teaching and connecting with their community. 
 The future of wellness has more voices in the space who bring inclusion, diversity and creativity to movement, so working out is a better experience than ever before. 
 We're looking for talented team members looking to create the future with us. 
 About the role 
 Skills:  Node.js, React, Firebase 
 What we're looking for 
 Sutra is seeking a talented individual who is truly a self-starter. You'll join the founding team and be a part of all major technical decisions. You're comfortable building new systems from the ground up during a period of hyper-growth. 
 The Role 
 
 Help lead the design, architecture, and execution of everything from front to back 
 Advance our back-end architecture and stay one step ahead of growth 
 Take technical ownership of features and move the product forward 
 Partner closely with the product team to consistently move the needle 
 Present cross-team launches and updates at company-wide checkins 
 
 The You 
 
 Ship. You like to get things done. 
 5+ years experience as a problem solver 
 High level of expertise in React.Js (React, Redux, CSS/SASS, HTML, Typescript) 
 Expert in building and scaling NoSQL databases 
 Excellent communication skills 
 Proven record of shipping features on time and on budget 
 Organized, self-sufficient and a go-getter 
 
 The Benefits 
 
 Weekly workouts with the team 
 Health/dental/vision coverage 
 Unlimited PTO / sick leave 
 Annual company retreat 
 
 Technology 
 React, Node, NoSQL 
 Other jobs at Sutra 
 Software Engineer - fullstack 
 fulltime 
 Los Angeles / Remote 
 Full Stack 
 $120k - $160k 
 1.00% - 2.50% 
 6+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
