Menu Search 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Soccer World Cup Clips 
 
 World Cup Soccer Clips 
 The Best FIFA World Cup Clips 
 In  Soccer World Cup Clips 
 WENGER BACKS SOUTHGATE FOR THREE LIONS JOB 
 Author  index Posted on  November 8, 2016 
 Arsenal long time coach Arsene Wenger has backed the current interim manager of the Three Lions, Gareth Southgate to get the job on a permanent basis. 
 Wenger was tipped as the top choice to replace former manager Roy Hodgson after he resigned following a dismal Euro 2016 showing. However, Wenger opted to avoid being considered, deciding to rather focus on his club management career. Wenger says that Southgate has the required experience to manage the team despite not being a ‘big name.’ 
 “Yes, he is. The difficulty in England is that there’s always the demand for big names,” said Wenger when asked if Southgate was a great choice for England. Southgate is standing in for four games following Sam Allardyce’s exit. He is widely expected to become the manager on a permanent basis if England defeat Scotland in the World Cup qualifier next month. The Three Lions will be hoping to give their 2018 World Cup dream a boost with a victory when they play Scotland at Wembley. 
 Wenger brushed off speculations that he would ever take up the job despite the concerns if Southgate can truly manage the team. Under Southgate, England played a lacklustre match against Slovenia and only managed to thrash Malta 2-0. The next two games would be key if Southgate is to get the job on a permanent basis. 
 “I focus on my job. He [Southgate] was a good observer of what was going on in the England national team. We are in a job where people question,  especially when you don’t have much experience . 
 “The only answer he can give is by  showing that the decisions  you make are right and that you have the strength to do what you believe is right,” Wenger said. There are rumours that the FA would want to see Wenger see off his current Arsenal deal, but Wenger’s comments seem to have sent a stern message. 
 Tags:  Brazil ,  FIFA ,  Germany ,  match ,  World 
 Post navigation 
  Previous Post 
 Next Post  
 Our Facebook Page 
 Tweets 
 
 Tags 
 2010   africa   Argentina   BEST   Brazil   COMMENTARY   Cote   d'Ivoire   David   Dream   England   FIFA   FINAL   Finals   football   France   Full   Game   Gameplay   Germany   Goal   Goals   GROUP   Highlights   Holland   Italian   Italy   JAPAN   match   Netherlands   Paraguay   part   PENALTY   Portugal   Rossi   Slovenia   Soccer   South   Spain   team   Teams   Uruguay   Villa   World   World Cup 
 Blogroll 
 
 Cool Carlos 
 Free Bet 
 Tailwind FC 
 Thomas Vermaelen 
 Watch the World Cup 
 
 © 2018 WORLD CUP SOCCER CLIPS 
 (C) 2021  World Cup Soccer Clips 
Theme by  justgoodthemes.com . __Back to the top 
 Search for: 
