
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Design Quality Program Manager (Project Manager) 
 CBRE 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Design Quality Program Manager (Project Manager) 
 CBRE 
 [](mailto:?subject=Design%20Quality%20Program%20Manager%20%28Project%20Manager%29&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/14240188/design-quality-program-manager-project-manager/ "Email")  
 Application 
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 December 23, 2020 
 Location: 
 Memphis, United States 
 __ Show Map 
 Salary: 
 Open 
 JOB SUMMARY 
 CBRE is looking for a Design Quality Program Manager to work for a large technology client in New York City. 
 The Design Quality Program Manager is responsible for tracking and managing our client's many building design and construction projects using dashboards and other metrics / KPI tracking tools. 
 The Design Quality Program Manager will work with internal Engineering and Data Center teams to drive Design Quality initiatives and reviewing construction RFIs in efforts to improve design quality and gaps. This is program level initiative, not an individual project level. Therefore, knowledge and use of typical program level metrics or KPIs will be helpful. This role will work closely with a team of cross-functional stakeholders across the organization, helping client and other relevant stakeholders to develop, optimize and oversee our quality data systems. 
 The Design Quality Program Manager will work independently with minimal guidance and proactively use available resources to meet deadlines and complete tasks. On a day to day basis, the individual will compile program needs, manipulate and analyze data, track trends, look for improvements, and deliver visual representations to optimize program needs and results. 
 ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES 
 
 Understanding of General Contractor's Request for Information (RFIs) 
 Great communicator who can express complex ideas in a concise manner through all digital mediums (technical documents, presentations, video conference) both internally and with clients. 
 Ability to data mine and compile / organize data for weekly Quality reports reviews including creation of necessary improvement plans 
 Assemble heatmap and trend data presentations for Design Quality reports and other governance meetings along with periodic newsletters. Characterize high priority risk areas based on both quantitative and qualitative assessments. 
 Work with cross-functional quality stakeholders to drive consistency in quality metrics presentation layers and alignment with business objectives to drive faster decision making for both product and process improvements. 
 Professional skill set how design affects construction and ability to learn from previous projects. 
 Well organized and can meet changing project priorities 
 Drive a process savvy culture that embraces process as a means to achieve functional objectives through delivery on key performance indicators 
 Other duties as assigned. 
 
 SUPERVISORY RESPONSIBILITIES 
 No formal supervisory responsibilities in this position. Provides informal assistance such as technical guidance, and/or training to coworkers. May lead project teams and/or plan, and supervise assignments of lower level employees. 
 Manages 3rd party project delivery resources/team. Responsible for identifying training needs, tracking performance, coaching, and motivating team members. 
 QUALIFICATIONS 
 To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. 
 Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. 
 EDUCATION and EXPERIENCE 
 Bachelor's degree (BA/BS/BEng/BArch) from College or University in a technical area of study. Minimum four years of related experience and/or training. 
 Additional (Preferred) Requirements: 
 
 Experience with data platform and visualization technologies such as Tableau, Data Studio, 
 and BigQuery or any data visualization tool 
 BA/BS degree in Business Process Management, Operations, Civil/ Electrical/ Mechanical/ 
 Industrial/ Process Engineering, or other technical field or equivalent practical experience. 
 Four years work experience. 
 Familiarity with commercial building design & construction industry practices. 
 Ability to collaborate and influence across multiple levels of an organization with experience 
 leading cross-functional process improvements 
 Tenacious problem solver with effective verbal/written communication and facilitation skills. 
 
 Software Fluency Requirements: 
 Software Skills (preferred)  : 
 
 Must demonstrate expert-level skill of the G-Suite tools, 
 especially Google Sheets and sharing in Google Drive. Must have recent enterprise-wide 
 experience with: 
 Google Drive 
 Google Sheets 
 Google Docs 
 Google Slides 
 Google Hangouts / Google Meet 
 Google Chat 
 
 Practical preferred Software experience: 
 
 Tableau or Data Studio or other dashboard creation software 
 Collect user inputs through a Google Form into a Google Sheets dashboard. 
 Retrieve data with LOOKUP formulas 
 Apply logic with conditional formulas 
 
 Other optional software application experience: 
 
 BIM360 (not required, but may be helpful) 
 AutoCAD (not required, but may be helpful) 
 
 
 Practical Requirements: 
 
 Creating "interactive dashboards" for reporting project / program status using: 
 Data Studios 
 Tableau 
 Other dashboard creation software applications. 
 
 Analytical Skills 
 
 data analytics using spreadsheets and database applications 
 data reporting 
 KPI & metric tracking 
 Dashboard creation using Tableau 
 
 Ideal skilled dashboard creators should be able to do all the following: 
 
 Collect user inputs through a Google Form into a Google Sheets dashboard. 
 Retrieve data with LOOKUP formulas 
 Apply logic with conditional formulas 
 Automate your dates 
 Add interactivity with data validation 
 Chart your data 
 Show trends with sparklines 
 Apply conditional formatting to show changes 
 Format like a pro!hare and publish your dashboard for the world to see 
 
 
 Prior work environments  ** (helpful, but not required)  **  : 
 
 Prior work in architectural or engineering design consulting firm / business 
 Working knowledge of architectural, civil, mechanical or electrical engineering 
 Familiarity with commercial building design & construction industry practices. 
 
 CERTIFICATES and/or LICENSES 
 PMP (US and/or Canada) and LEED AP preferred. 
 COMMUNICATION SKILLS 
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills. Strong organizational and analytical skills. Ability to provide efficient, timely, reliable and courteous service to customers. Ability to effectively present information. 
 FINANCIAL KNOWLEDGE 
 Requires advanced knowledge of financial terms and principles. Ability to calculate intermediate figures such as percentages, discounts, and commissions. Conducts advanced financial analysis. 
 REASONING ABILITY 
 Ability to comprehend, analyze, and interpret complex documents. Ability to solve problems involving several options in situations. Requires advanced analytical and quantitative skills. 
 OTHER SKILLS and ABILITIES 
 Intermediate skills with Microsoft Office Suite. Ability to read and understand architectural drawings. Knowledge in MS Project, leases, contracts, and construction practices. 
 SCOPE OF RESPONSIBILITY 
 Decisions made with thorough understanding of procedures, company policies, and business practices to achieve general results and deadlines. Responsible for setting work unit and/or project deadlines. Errors in judgment may cause short-term impact to department. 
 
 
 Internal Number: 20030344 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About CBRE 
 With broader and deeper capabilities than any other company, CBRE is the leading full-service real estate services and investment organization in the world. CBRE Group, Inc. is the world’s largest commercial real estate services and investment firm, with 2017 revenues of $14.2 billion and more than 80,000 employees (excluding affiliate offices). CBRE has been included in the Fortune 500 since 2008, ranking #214 in 2017. It also has been voted the industry’s top brand by the Lipsey Company for 17 consecutive years, and has been named one of Fortune’s “Most Admired Companies” in the real estate sector for six years in a row. Its shares trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “CBRE.” CBRE offers a broad range of integrated services, including facilities, transaction and project management; property management; investment management; appraisal and valuation; property leasing; strategic consulting; property sales; mortgage services and development services. 
 Connections working at CBRE 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 More Jobs Like This 
 
 
 
 Laser R&D; Scientist 
 __  Boulder, Colorado 
 
 
 
 
 KMLabs 
 __1 Month Ago 
 
 
 Senior Software Engineer 
 __  Boulder, Colorado 
 
 
 IHS Markit 
 __Today 
 
 
 Senior Frontend Developer, AVP 
 __  Krakow, Poland 
 
 
 State Street Corporation 
 __Yesterday 
 
 
 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
