Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Swim Lesson Instructor 
 K & K Swim School 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Love Kids? Passion for swimming? Join our team! 
 About Us: 
 K&K Swim School is Western Canada’s largest private swim school and has been inspiring a love and respect for the water since 2014. We offer a fun and rewarding opportunity for professional growth. Having taught thousands of swimmers, we’ve built our curriculum from the best industry standards and we are excited to teach you too! 
 As leaders in the industry, we have a clear purpose and believe our company culture sets us apart. At K&K, we work to create a welcoming environment for not only our students but for our team. Our team members are more than employees, they are members of the K&K family. Training and development are extremely important to us, we will ensure you are equipped with everything you need to know. We focus on creating an inclusive organization where all employees feel engaged and know their work makes an important, live-saving contribution to our communities. We create a work environment where team members feel valued, respected, empowered, and inspired to leave a lasting impact on our swimmers! 
 The Position: 
 We are looking for part-time, private lesson instructors. The starting wage is based on your previous experience. You choose your own availability. 
 The Benefits: 
 
 
 Flexible hours - choose your own schedule 
 
 
 Physically active work 
 
 
 Work with fun, like-minded people 
 
 
 Benefits available (for instructors available 20+ hrs per week) 
 
 
 Reimbursements for certifications 
 
 
 Volunteer opportunities 
 
 
 Growth & advancement within the company 
 
 
 Leaves a lasting professional impact & prepares you for opportunities later in life 
 
 
 Build meaningful relationships with your swimmers & their families 
 
 
 Main Responsibilities: 
 
 
 Building professional growth at team meetings 
 
 
 Educating swimmers of all ages and their families by using K&K’s water loving curriculum in private and/or group settings 
 
 
 Arrive early to each shift, ready to teach with pride 
 
 
 Streamline growth by evaluating students and providing families with accurate and motivating feedback 
 
 
 With experience, teaching and inspiring new team members to work hard within the swim school 
 
 
 The Location: 
 K&K Swim School offers lessons in Saskatoon, Regina, Calgary, and Edmonton. With locations in all areas of the city, opportunities to teach close to home! 
 What We Look For: 
 
 
 Hard-working, dynamic, and passionate individuals 
 
 
 Certified in First Aid, CPR & another aquatic certification (required) 
 
 
 The ability to work independently 
 
 
 A strong & reliable team player 
 
 
 A confident leader 
 
 
 An adaptable & moldable mindset that is open to different aquatic experiences 
 
 
 An appreciation & love for children of all ages 
 
 
 Previous swim instruction experience is an asset, but not required 
 
 
 If this sounds like you, then we'd love to hear from you! We can offer you a collaborative and learning environment, where you will be supported with development opportunities. 
 Interested? 
 Fill out an online application - http://kkswimschool.com/careers 
 Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Contract, Casual 
 COVID-19 considerations: 
Face coverings are mandatory, we have cohort groups, reduced capacities, contact tracing, screening questions and continually sanitize common surfaces. 
 Experience: 
 
 Swimming Lesson: 1 year (Required) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 Drivers (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 COVID-19 precaution(s): 
 
 Remote interview process 
 Personal protective equipment provided or required 
 Plastic shield at work stations 
 Social distancing guidelines in place 
 Sanitizing, disinfecting, or cleaning procedures in place 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
