
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Tenure Track Faculty 
 Rochester Institute of Technology 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Tenure Track Faculty 
 Rochester Institute of Technology 
 [](mailto:?subject=Tenure%20Track%20Faculty&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/14240983/tenure-track-faculty/ "Email")  
 Application 
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 December 23, 2020 
 Location: 
 Rochester, New York 
 __ Show Map 
 Salary: 
 Open 
 Type: 
 Full-time 
 Tenure Track Faculty 
5462BR 
College of Engineering Technology 
CET Department of Electrical, Computer and Telecommunications Engineering Tech 
 Faculty Type (Tenure Status):  Tenure-Track 
 Faculty Discipline:  Computer Engineering Technology, Electrical Engineering Technology, Telecommunications Engineering Technology 
 Faculty Rank:  Assistant Professor 
 Employment Category:  Fulltime 
 Anticipated Start Date:  14-Aug-2021 
 Department/College Description 
The Electrical, Computer, and Telecommunications Engineering Technology (ECTET) departments student focused faculty engage students in a blend of project-based and research-oriented educational activities in one master-of-science degree and two bachelor-of-science degree programs. ECTETs 400 full-time students benefit from the departments flexible and innovative instructional delivery that features world-class laboratories, cross-disciplinary education, collaborative activities, and a year of industrial experience through a required cooperative education program. The ECTET department features state-of-the-art laboratories in, photonics and fiber optics, wireless communications, next generation telecom network development, applied acoustics and audio, smart and autonomous applications, embedded systems, electronics, and power & energy. 
 Detailed Job Description 
The Electrical, Computer and Telecommunications Engineering Technology (ECTET) department of RIT's College of Engineering Technology (CET) is currently seeking applications from exceptional candidates for a full-time, tenure-track position. Candidates for this position will be expected to teach at the graduate and undergraduate levels, develop and execute an externally funded research program, and publish in appropriate peer reviewed journals and conferences. Areas of interest include next-generation telecommunication networks, applied acoustics and audio, embedded systems, smart and autonomous systems, and robotics. 
 Responsibilities will include teaching, research and service. Teaching includes course and laboratory development and delivery via classroom, online and blended formats. Research is expected in a well-defined area of focus that enhances and compliments the department's strategic research foci ( https://www.rit.edu/engineeringtechnology/department-electrical-computer-and-telecommunications-engineering-technology ) and includes securing external funding and dissemination in peer-reviewed journals and conferences. Service will include contributions to the operation of the department, college and university, and maintaining a clear professional development agenda that supports the faculty member and department's growth. 
 The tenure-track, Assistant Professor position begins August 14, 2021. A PhD. in engineering, computer science, science, or related STEM field or, a PhD. in STEM education, learning, or similar with appropriate MS in engineering, computer science, science or related STEM field is required as well as approximately two years of professional experience in an engineering-related field. 
 Required Minimum Qualifications 
 
 PhD in engineering, computer science, science, or related STEM field or, PhD. in STEM education, learning, or similar with appropriate MS in engineering, computer science, science or related STEM field 
 Approximately two years relevant professional experience in an engineering-related field 
 Demonstrated high quality teaching and/or training 
 Demonstrated high quality research and scholarship activities in an area that relates to the focused scholarship agenda of the department 
 Demonstrated ability to contribute in meaningful ways to the colleges continuing commitment to cultural diversity, pluralism, and individual differences. 
 
 Required Minimum Education Level 
PhD 
 Required Application Documents 
Cover Letter, Curriculum Vitae or Resume, List of References, Research Statement, Statement of Diversity Contribution 
 How To Apply 
Apply online at  http://careers.rit.edu/faculty ; search openings, then Keyword Search 5462BR. Please submit your application, cover letter addressing the listed qualifications, curriculum vitae, and upload the following attachments: 
 
 Research Statement 
 Provide the names, addresses and phone numbers for three references 
 Contribution to Diversity Statement 
 
 The direct link to this posting can be found here:  https://sjobs.brassring.com/ 
 Additional Details 
 RIT does not discriminate. RIT is an equal opportunity employer that promotes and values diversity, pluralism, and inclusion. For more information or inquiries, please visit RIT/TitleIX or the U.S. Department of Education at ED.Gov. 
 Copyright 2017 Jobelephant.com Inc. All rights reserved. 
 Posted by the FREE value-added recruitment advertising agency 
 jeid-43459fff759459498ce368ca34f25e0a 
 
 
 Internal Number: 2109317 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About Rochester Institute of Technology 
 Founded in 1829, Rochester Institute of Technology is a diverse and collaborative community of engaged, socially conscious, and intellectually curious minds. Through creativity and innovation, and an intentional blending of technology, the arts and design, we provide exceptional individuals with a wide range of academic opportunities, including a leading research program and an internationally recognized education for deaf and hard-of-hearing students. Beyond our main campus in Rochester, New York, RIT has international campuses in China, Croatia, Dubai, and Kosovo. And with more than 19,000 students and more than 125,000 graduates from all 50 states and over 100 nations, RIT is driving progress in industries and communities around the world. Find out more at www.rit.edu . 
 Connections working at Rochester Institute of Technology 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 More Jobs Like This 
 
 
 
 PROFESSOR IN ENGINEERING PHYSICS - CHAIR IN QUANTUM PHOTONICS  
 __  Montreal, Quebec, Canada 
 
 
 
 
 Polytechnique Montréal 
 __1 Week Ago 
 
 
 Nicholas E. Madonna Professorship in Electrical and Computer Engineering 
 __  Storrs, Connecticut 
 
 
 University of Connecticut 
 __5 Days Ago 
 
 
 Lecturer, Full-time Temporary, School of Engineering and Technology 
 __  Tacoma, WA 
 
 
 University of Washington 
 __1 Week Ago 
 
 
 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
