 
 You need to have JavaScript enabled to utilize the full functionality of this site.   Please enable JavaScript to continue. 
If you do not have JavaScript enabled, lots of stuff will not work. 
 
 
 Home 
 Help Wanted Ads 
 Work Wanted Ads 
 Reviews 
 
 MENU 
 Home Help Wanted Ads Work Wanted Ads Reviews Submit Your Ad Edit Your Ad Upload Image Recover ID/Password FAQ The RV Road Trip Website 
 WorkampingJobs.com is a participant in various affilliate programs that are designed to provide a means for sites like ours to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to products available through their websites. 
This is how we are able to offer this site for free.  Please see our  ads.txt  file for a complete list of advertisers used on our site. 
 Help Wanted Ads from Employers 
 Campgrounds and RV Parks looking for RV workers. 
 
 Based on your selections, the 14 ads shown below were all submitted within  the last 30 days . 
The ads are sorted by the date they were submitted with the newest ads at the top. 
 Show only ads looking for:   Show All Camp Host Activities Housekeeping Maintenance Office Help Groundskeeping Pool Maintenance Manager or Assistant Gate Guard Security Retail Position General Labor Show All 
Show only ads that pay:   Show All FHU only Salary Only FHU and Salary Show All 
Show only ads for this state:   TX AK, USAAL, USAAny, USAAR, USAAZ, USACA, USACO, USAFL, USAGA, USAID, USAIL, USAIN, USAKS, USAKY, USAMA, USAME, USAMI, USAMN, USAMO, USAMT, USANC, USANJ, USANV, USANY, USAOR, USASC, USASD, USATN, USATX, USAUT, USAVA, USAWA, USAWI, USAWV, USAWY, USA Show All 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Saluda, NC   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-05 13:41:43 8196 
Join Us In The Beautiful NC Mountains! 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host, Activities, Housekeeper, Maintenance, Office Help, Groundskeeper, Security, Retail, General Labor, IT/Web, See ad text. 
 Compensation:    See ad text. 
We are looking to hire part or full time couples (30-40 hours a week per individual) or full time individuals (40 hours a week) starting by March 13th which is our staff training day with a commitment through November 6th. 
 Compensation: 10 hours/week in exchange for FHU site (total per site not per individual) and hourly wage for additional hours worked. 
 We seek to match staff to projects and duties that utilize their strengths/abilities, but value willingness to apply oneself to a variety of tasks as needed. Duties may include but are not limited to the following: 
 Office 
- Answering the phone and assisting guests with reservations (CampLife Software) 
- Responding to emails 
- Checking in guests and running the store 
- Checking inventory 
- Maintaining cleanliness in the office/lodge 
- Facilitating special activities for kids and families 
 Facilities 
- Routine daily cleaning of three bathhouses and the recreation game room 
- Housekeeping duties for four rental cabins 
 Grounds & Maintenance 
- Blow off leaves and debris around facilities, cabins, pavilion, etc 
- Splitting wood with a hydraulic splitter 
- Maintaining sites 
- Site maintenance 
- Maintaining roads 
- Mowing, weed eating, spraying weed killer, repairing landscape edging, etc 
- Maintaining activities 
- Routine maintenance and repair for grounds equipment and golf carts 
- Routine maintenance repairs in cabins and facilities 
- Night time security rounds 
Contact hannah@769orchardlakecampground.com for more information and/or an application! 
 https://orchardlakecampground.com 
 HIGHLIGHT YOUR AD 
 
 La Conner, WA   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-08 20:04:38 8685 
Camp Host Needed In La Conner, Wa!!! 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Job summary: 
As a Camp Host, you will provide administrative support to the Membership Specialist. This role performs duties such as: camp-in's, coordination of appointments, obtaining supplies, and working on special projects. Additionally, this role answers deals with a diverse group of important external callers and visitors as well as internal contacts at all levels of the organization. 
 essential job functions: 
- Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. 
- Organizes and prioritizes large volumes of information, calls and arrivals 
- Drafts written responses or replies by phone or e-mail when necessary. Responds to regularly occurring requests for information 
- Answers phones and takes messages or fields/answers all routine and non-routine questions. Works in cooperation with other system development assistants to cover phones 
- Acts as a liaison with other departments. 
- Handles confidential and non-routine information and explains policies when necessary 
- Works independently and within a team on special nonrecurring and ongoing projects 
- Types and designs general correspondences, memos, charts, tables, graphs, business plans, etc. 
 skills, education and experience: 
- To perform this job successfully, you must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill, and/or ability required. 
- High school diploma; Associates degree preferred 
- One year of administrative experience 
- Technical capacity 
- Collaboration skills 
- Strong communication skills 
- Sales experience is preferred jacobi_jacobs@51equitylifestyle.com 
 https://bit.ly/32qWXrS 
 HIGHLIGHT YOUR AD 
 
 Boerne, TX   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-15 12:38:43 8008 
Top Of The Hill RV Resort 
 Job Duties:           Maintenance, Office Help, Groundskeeper, Pool 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
We are located in the beautiful Texas Hill Country surrounded by rolling hills, multiple wineries and beer distilleries, and nearby towns of Fredericksburg, Kerrville, Luckenbach, and Bandera and many live entertainment venues! Your days off leave you plenty of time to discover this great part of the state! Go to our website to fill out an application or call 830-537-3666 for more information! 
 We currently need a couple to work Wednesdays and Thursdays, and a couple to work Fridays and Saturdays. The Wednesday, Thursday opening is for April 2nd, The Friday, Saturday opening starts March 3rd. Couples work 2 days a week for your FHU site including electricity, $15 of quarters for laundry, propane and 10% discount in store. We are looking for a 6 month (or more if you love it!) Commitment for workcampers to work 28 hours a week. Send a copy of your resume to "Manager" at tohmanagers@492gmail.com or to learn more about our park, please visit our Website! You may apply on the tab at the top of the right hand side of the page. Looking forward to hearing from y'all! 
 http://www.topofthehillrvresort.com 
 
 Blanco, TX   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-15 02:27:02 8786 
Great Opportunity For Hard Workers And Animal Lovers! 
 Job Duties:           See ad text. 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
Now hiring! We are looking for a hard working couple or individual to join our team on our rescue ranch! We have two locations one in Blanco, Tx and one in Boerne, Tx. We will be trying to fill Blanco position first. This job includes feeding, watering and poop scooping for our animals along with some other small tasks such as fence mending and general ranch upkeep. This is a volunteer position that is about 20/week with utilities included. 
 The types of animals currently on the ranch are llamas, pigs, sheep, goats, alpacas, ponies, emu, ducks, rooster and donkeys. We are happy to answer any questions you have, no experience necessary but willingness to learn and work hard is a must. 
 Requirements: 
- Love of animals 
- Ability to work with large animals 
- Able to work with animals with behavioral issues 
- Fill feed cans/move hay bales 
- Assist with vaccinations (oral and subdural) 
- Lift 50 lbs 
- Ability to make sound decisions related to safety and security 
- Must be self motivated and able to both follow directions and work independently 
- Must demonstrated ability to be reliable as punctual 
Please call 303-910-9952 or email jbray75@469gmail.com if interested. 
 https://m.facebook.com/kendalleise 
 
 Houston, TX   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-13 23:01:58 8782 
Campworker Couple Needed - Pt Year Around 
 Job Duties:           Maintenance, Office Help 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
We are seeking a work camping couple to work year around at an upscale RV Resort in Pearland, Texas. The position will require the couple to work 24 hours a week, combined total. Experienced couples are preferred, but not mandatory. Able to start work on or between April 1-15, 2021. Our office person must be a people person with excellent hospitality skills. Experience with RV resort reservation system is a plus. Other office duties will include, but not limited to, taking reservations, checking in guests, managing the phones, collecting rent/electric payments, and assist with keeping the office clean and orderly. 
 Our maintenance workcamper needs to be a general fix-it person. Light electrical and plumbing knowledge would be a plus. The Resort's landscaping is contracted out. Other duties will include, but not limited to, escorting new arrivals and assist with parking when needed. On occasion, you may be asked to do some light weed-eating and tree trimming in between the time the landscapers are here. Otherwise, this position will require being on standby to fix/or clean up anything that breaks. This individual must also be a people person and enjoy socializing with our guest and be in good physical shape. 
 As compensation for the above hours, we are offering a full hook-up site, which includes water, sewer and electric, laundry and use of all Resort facilities. To apply, please send your resume to management@840pearwoodrvpark.com 
 https://www.pearwoodrvpark.com 
 
 
 Canton, TX   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-13 22:58:24 8781 
Looking For Maintenace, Groundkeeper & General Labor 
 Job Duties:           Maintenance, Groundskeeper, General Labor 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
We are a small RV park in a tourist town. We are looking for a individual or couple (just 1 worker) that can handle Maintenance, repair electric & Plumbing, use Zero Turn mower, change mower blades when needed, Tractor work, and general labor (keep Park aesthetically looking nice). 6 month or extended stay preferred. We will require a clean background check. Will provide FHU RV site in exchange for work performed, OR we have a Cabin with 2 lofts if you don't have a RV. Will pay half the electric on cabin. Need someone to work approximately 95 hours per month. No monetary fees exchanged. barb@627txlogcabinrvpark.com (Picture on website) 
 http://www.txlogcabinrvpark.com 
 
 Port Lavaca, TX   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-13 09:28:50 8573 
Work Camping Couples Texas Gulf Coast 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host, Housekeeper, Maintenance, Office Help, Groundskeeper, Security, General Labor, IT/Web 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Workcamping couples needed in Port Lavaca, Texas. Coastal Bay RV Park is looking for physically fit, long-term couples that can excell at all aspects of working for a RV park. Duties include:(yet not limited to) 
 
 Cleaning of facilities (rest rooms, laundry, office, etc.), Grounds keeping duties such as mowing, weed eating, tractor with brush hog etc. Light repairs with electrical, water & sewer. Maintainence on equipment & tools. 
 Office duties may include registering new guests, collection of rents & deposits, preparing monthly billing & resident notices. Phone duties to quote rates, availability, resident issues and the like. 
 Providing security, rules & policy enforcement. Assist in parking of RV's & hookup for newly arriving guests. 
 Coastal Bay RV Park is in a rural coastal setting, just blocks from Carancahua Bay & Port Alto beach. We are a park of primarily long term residents. Expansion plans with park improvements are in the planning stages. Opportunities for advancement are available due to our ever expanding company. 
 
 Compensation for these duties includes FHU, Wi-Fi, laundry. Salary is commensurate with experience and abilities. Please respond by email only with cover letter & resumes. portobelo@260portobelovillage.com 
 
 Campbell, TX   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-09 13:39:10 8725 
General Maintenance (Handy Man) 
 Job Duties:           Maintenance 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Hello, we are looking for General Maintenace worker, who can work on regular tasks in the RV park, some fixes, some regular jobs, etc.. Must have general knowledge with plumbing and electrical, as well as lawn maintenance. Please reach us at info@25stinsonrvpark.com or (903) 455-7878. Please send us your email, so we can reach you back to discuss further. 
 
 Lake Jackson, TX   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-05 12:14:02 4277 
Gulf Coast Bird Observatory 
 Job Duties:           Activities, Housekeeper, Maintenance, Office Help, Groundskeeper, Retail 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
The Gulf Coast Bird Observatory is seeking energetic, friendly, outgoing RV hosts to assist in all aspects of the bird sanctuary. Our 34-acre site in Lake Jackson, Texas, lies on Buffalo Camp Bayou, and is adjacent to Wilderness Park and the Wilderness Golf Course. Ample shopping, dining, and entertainment are within 5 minutes. Previous RV host experience strongly preferred, but not required. Birders and nature lovers a plus. Couples encouraged. GCBO is open to the visiting public year round. RV hosts should expect to work about 28hrs per week combined as a couple. Next opening starts on Apr 1, 2022, and is open for short or long term. 
 RV Volunteers are a vital part of the sanctuary operation. As RV volunteers, your duties will include grounds maintenance and gardening, light building maintenance, nature store sales, and light cleaning of office building, at times opening and closing facilities, helping with events, maybe greeting visitors, and possibly helping field biologist in the field depending on experience. RV hosts will be provided with a full hook-up campsite (Water/Sewer/Electric 30/50 amp), laundry facility (cold water only), and free Wi-Fi. Criminal Background Checks may be required. 
 You can find our RV Volunteer application on our website at the link below. To apply please send in the online application along with a bio by email to: mhagne@634gcbo.org 
For more information about RV volunteering contact the Volunteer Coordinator by email at mhagne@634gcbo.org and visit http://www.gcbo.org 
Thank you! 
 http://www.gcbo.org/connect/rv-volunteer 
 
 TX   USA        2021-01-04 17:26:18 8760 
Looking For Capable Couple To Live Onsite And Manage 30sites 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host, Housekeeper, Maintenance, Groundskeeper, Manager/Assistant 
 Compensation:    See ad text. 
Tin Valley Retro Rentals is a creative, unique desert experience for all of its guests. We are looking for a full time couple to manage grounds while owner is away. Job requirements include housekeeping, maintenance, and genuine hospitality shown to our guests. We have several sites from Full electric RV's with full amenities, to campsites and 30amp RV hook ups. To our famous Spinning Cuddle Bug Campsite. The Job includes tiny house, electric, gas, water, phone, and internet. Contact us at tinvalleyretrorentals@331gmail.com 
 http://tinvalleyretrorentals.com 
 
 
 Fredericksburg, TX   USA   Show on Google Maps        2021-01-04 10:58:04 7904 
Workampers Wanted!! 
 Job Duties:           Activities, Housekeeper, Office Help, Pool 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
Are you looking to spend some time in the Texas Hill Country?! We here at twc are looking for friendly, dependable staff members who want to be part of a great team! Each available position requires 20 hours a week. Those hours will cover your site fee, Water, Sewer, first $100 of electric, 21 Free Cable Channels, and access to all our amenities, & activities. Have questions? Give us a call at 830-990-2267. To apply send resumes to twcjellystone@621gmail.com! We look forward to hearing from you! 
 http://www.twcjellystone.com 
 
 Alvin, TX   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-30 23:45:15 8752 
Work Camper Maintenance Tech / Cleaning Position 
 Job Duties:           Housekeeper, Maintenance, Groundskeeper, General Labor, See ad text. 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
St. Ives RV Resort in Alvin, Texas is in need of a long term work camper. Individual will receive - FHU which includes water, electricity, sewer and Wi-Fi. In addition to FHU - hourly pay for 40 hours with pay ranging from $7-$10. Maintenance duties include deep cleaning of the office, restrooms with showers and laundry facilities. Completion of work orders, daily checklists submitted to the office. Must have experience with a zero turn mower, weed eater and able to lift 40lbs. Individual must possess good communication skills and know how to work as a team. Outdoor work is required, various duties and tasks as assigned - water testing (can be taught), site cleanup, meter readings and site checks. RV, electrical, plumbing and Wi-Fi knowledge. info@884stivesrvresort.com 
 
 Alvin, TX   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-30 13:57:46 8464 
Experienced Work Camper Maintenance / Cleaning Position 
 Job Duties:           Housekeeper, Maintenance, Groundskeeper, General Labor, See ad text. 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
St. Ives RV Resort Alvin, TX 77511. Is looking for an experienced work camper for a Maintenance/cleaning position. Individual or couple needed for January 2021 with a 3-6 month commitment. This position requires cleaning of the office, two restrooms/showers and laundry facilities. Knowledge of a zero turn mower, weed eating and other tasks as assigned. *General knowledge of electrical, plumbing and Wi-Fi are helpful. This position requires 24 hours per week with some additional after hours help if needed, work camper(s) will receive a full hookup (electric, water, sewer and Wi-Fi) RV site. Please send your resume to info@281stivesrvresort.com 
 http://www.StIvesRVResort.com 
 
 Bryan, TX   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-29 21:15:37 8749 
Park Host Wanted - Lake Bryan 
 Job Duties:           Housekeeper, Maintenance, Groundskeeper, General Labor 
 Compensation:    FHU and Salary 
Seeking an individual or couple to serve as a park host at Lake Bryan. This recreational park and lake is located about 10 minutes from Bryan/College Station, home of Texas A&M; University. Duties include light maintenance, grounds keeping, and customer assistance. Compensation includes full RV hookup with a large fenced yard, utilities, and a monthly stipend. mbrown@941btutilities.com 
 http://www.lakebryan.com 
 
 Aransas Pass, TX   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-29 13:09:52 8527 
Aransas Pass / Texas Gulf Coast 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
Camp host couple needed for April 2021. Portobelo Village Mobile Home & RV Community is accepting resumes for a seasonal or year round camp host couple.The shift is from 3:00pm - 9:00pm. 7on/7off. Light duties include:(but not limited to) 
- Greeting & assisting newly arriving guests with registration, deposit & lot rent collection. 
- Familiarization of park rules & regulations.Parking of RV & hookup. 
- Security patrols & enforcement of rules & regulations. 
- Securing facilities at 9:00pm. 
 We are a park of little transient RV traffic. Most residents are winter Texans or workers of local refinery operations. Located just 7 miles from the beaches of the Gulf, recreation opportunities are bountiful. 15 minutes from Corpus Christi & walking distance to WalMart, we are conveniently located. Pets under 25# welcome. Must have RV & live on the property. Please send resumes to: portobelo@853portobelovillage.com 
 
 
 Garrison, TX   USA   Show on Google Maps        2020-12-28 11:33:44 7955 
Seeking Work Campers Spring / Summer 2021 
 Job Duties:           Camp Host, Housekeeper, Maintenance, Office Help, Groundskeeper 
 Compensation:    FHU Only 
Camp Tonkawa Springs RV Park, located in East Texas, is seeking volunteer work camping couples for the Summer season, May 1 2021 - Sept 30 2021. This is for office/housekeeping, maintenance positions. Summer is a busy time for us with the Natural Springs, lots of swimmers. You will be collecting fees and checking on the swimming area through out the day. You will be working 1 week on and 3 weeks off for every month you are here. In exchange of your volunteer time and help you will receive a free FHU site, and free laundry allotment. We are asking for a 3 month comment but you can stay longer if we are a good fit and you are enjoying your time here. No wages involved. Wi-Fi and Cell service is spotty here in the park. We have both at the office. AT&T; works the best. A booster might be helpful at your site. 
 We are a small-no frills campground of about 50 sites with a natural spring in a country setting. We have several small herds of deer, peacock, and guineas that roam freely throughout the park. The park is 8 miles from Garrison Texas and Nacogdoches, Texas (the oldest town in Texas) is just 14 miles away. You will have plenty of off time to explore the area or just hanging out. Come spend some time with us at Camp Tonkawa Springs. Give us a call at the following number 936 564 8888, for more information or if you have any questions.. 
 http://camptonkawa.com 
 
 
 Quick Links 
 ** 
 
 Home 
 Workamping Reviews 
 Submit A Free Ad 
 Browse Help Wanted Ads 
 Browse Work Wanted Ads 
 Non-Workamping Ads 
 Edit or Renew Your Ad 
 Upload an Image to Your Ad 
 Delete an Image from Your Ad 
 Recover Ad ID or Password 
 Frequently Asked Questions 
 WorkampingJobs.com Blog 
 Contact Us 
 The RV Road Trip Website 
 
 ** 
 
 
 
 About Us 
 This site was created by Jerry and Cynthia Winegard to give RV workers and those businesses that hire them a place to find each other... for free!   RVers can trade a little labor for a free place to park, a salary or a combination of both.   Feel free to browse the ads or submit a free ad or resume today! 
 
 
 
 Random Road Trip Pictures 
           
 
 (C)2011-2021  WorkampingJobs.com ,  RVworker.com ,  RVjobListings.com ,  CampgroundWorkers.com  - All Rights Reserved 
 Privacy & Cookie Policy    |    Disclaimer / Terms of Use    |    Advertise With Us 
 All registered trademarks are the property of their respective owners. This site is not affiliated with nor endorsed by the owners of the trademarked word "Workamper". 
Template Copyright (C)2012 -  Free Responsive Html5 Templates  by  Zerotheme.com 
