Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Sales Associate 
 7-Eleven, Inc. 
 __Humboldt, SK 
 Apply Now 
 Overview: 
The person who greets and helps customers in a local 7-Eleven is the most important person in the 7-Eleven corporation. Bar none. You are the face of our company. You are 7-Eleven to our customer. We rely on you to provide outstanding service; maintain a clean, customer-friendly environment; stock and merchandise products; and, naturally, operate the register. Whether your goal is to begin a fantastic full-time career or have a great part-time job, your talents will be valued and respected. 
 There is plenty of opportunity to grow in this position. You can complete additional training to become a Certified Sales Associate, and learn to forecast and order product using our state-of-the-art Retail Information System. 
 Getting There 
We believe great training is the foundation for exceptional performance. Your training is specifically designed to give you the skills necessary to be successful at each level. To complete the 7-Eleven total rewards package, learning and development opportunities are available through a well-defined career path, giving you more ways to advance through the company. 
 Responsibilities: 
What Will You Do? 
 Provide prompt, efficient and courteous customer service 
Maintain a clean, customer friendly environment in the store 
Ring customer sales on an electronic cash register 
Receive cash from customers and give correct change 
Perform all regular cleaning activities and other tasks that are included on job assignments 
Forecast, order and stock merchandise 
 Qualifications: 
Are You Ready? 
 The Sales Associate position requires the following: 
High school diploma or equivalent preferred 
Must be able to communicate clearly and effectively with customers and coworkers 
Desire to be part of a performance-driven team 
 Physical Requirements 
 The Sales Associate position requires constant standing, bending and reaching. Frequent lifting of one to five pounds and occasional lifting of up to 40-50 pounds are required. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
