Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Registered Nurse, Orthopedic Surgery 
 Alberta Health Services 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Your Opportunity: 
A Registered Nurse for Unit 210 Surgical Suite in the Orthopedic Surgery Centre (OSC) at the Royal Alexandra Hospital is responsible for providing peri-operative patient care for hip and knee arthroplasty patients. Using the nursing process, in accordance to CARNA and Operating Room Nurses Association of Canada (ORNAC), the nurse will demonstrate competence in delivering safe, effective, and efficient care in both a scrub and a circulating role as an integral part of their surgical team. The nurse is responsible to provide safe care throughout the patient stay in the surgical suite. The Registered Nurse promotes the professional role and evaluates own professional education and clinical practice standards. The scope of practice is a continuum ranging from basic to advanced clinical nursing activities and the nurse will practice using evidence based measures and outcomes. The Registered Nurse is a patient advocate and provides a link between the Surgical Suite and the units. The Registered Nurse draws on a unique body of nursing knowledge. The Registered Nurse will be expected to work in the OR, PACU and Pre-Op areas. 
 Description: 
As a Registered Nurse (RN), you will provide a wide variety of nursing services to patients, families, communities and populations, while taking necessary steps to ensure their safety and well-being. In your role, you will utilize nursing processes, through critical thinking, problem solving and decision making, as well as teach, counsel and advocate on behalf of patients and their families. You will play a leadership role in supporting an integrated and holistic approach to patient care, health promotion and maintenance. You will provide safe, quality patient and family centered care while reflecting the shared vision and values of AHS. 
 Classification:  Registered Nurse 
 Union:  United Nurses of Alberta 
 Department:  OSC Operating Room 
 Primary Location:  Royal Alexandra Hospital 
 Multi-Site:  At (UNA only) 
 FTE:  0.65 
 Posting End Date:  14-DEC-2020 
 Employee Class:  Regular Part Time 
 Date Available:  04-JAN-2021 
 Hours per Shift:  7.75 
 Length of Shift in weeks:  12 
 Shifts per cycle:  37 
 Shift Pattern:  Days 
 Days Off:  Saturday/Sunday 
 Minimum Salary:  $36.86 
 Maximum Salary:  $48.37 
 Vehicle Requirement:  Not Applicable 
 Required Qualifications: 
Completion of an accredited nursing education program. Active or eligible for registration and practice permit with the College and Association of Registered Nurses of Alberta (CARNA). Current Basic Cardiac Life Support - Health Care Provider (BCLS-HCP). 
 Additional Required Qualifications: 
Current CARNA membership required, expected to be maintained throughout employment. Current BCLS-HCP certification required, expected to be maintained throughout employment. Completion of Peri-Operative course or equivalent OR experience required. Recent experience in an acute care Surgical Suite required. Recent experience in an acute care Surgical Suite with Arthroplasty Hip and Knee surgeries required. Ability to perform consistently in a highly organized and rapid moving environment. Ability to collaborate within the expectations of a integrated team. Demonstrates advanced problem solving skills integrating critical thinking and good judgment. Demonstrates communication skills promoting respect and team spirit. Ability to stand scrubbed from many hours supporting the surgical team. Basic computer skills required. Must attach a resume to be considered. 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
Recovery Room experience preferred. Pre-Op experience preferred. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
