Skip to content 
 
 Robyn Coburn Résumé Review 
 Start your career in film or theater production right 
 
 My Done-for-you Service 
 Find Work in Film 
 A Job in Theater 
 Career Advice 
 Film and Theater Jobs 
 Film Reviews 
 Books and resources 
 Interviews 
 Testimonials 
 Creativity Blast 
 Production Sound Mixer 
 About Me and Press 
 
 Press Kit 
 
 
 Contact Me 
 
 How to Get a Job in Theater 
 Over 35 years ago I started my theater career as a professional actor working in what was my high school summer job doing musical theater performances for children. Since then I’ve been variously a wardrobe person, stage manager, costume designer, technical director, sound designer, set designer, props master and lighting designer. 
 Here are some tips and strategies for starting your career in theater: 
 
 
 If you feel you have a calling for theater,  start young . Look for auditions for kids’ troupes, and if you are not cast, work behind the scenes. 
 
 
 Don’t lock yourself into one thing;  be open  to all the many jobs in theater for different talents. When I was eighteen, I thought I wanted to be an actor, until I volunteered to do costumes for a student production and discovered that my true passion was the “technical side”. 
 
 
 One good place to start is in a  community theater . There may be one attached to your local community college. Community theaters are rarely short on aspiring actors, but they are  always  looking for more people to build and paint, work backstage or hang lights. 
 
 
 Offer to assist department heads and  be willing  to do any job in the place. But there is a caveat to this advice that applies both to theater and film work, which is the next point. 
 
 
 If you are going to intern or volunteer, try to do so in  the most prestigious, highest budget theater (or film) company  that you can. In terms of contacts and networking. It is better to have a lowly job on a prestigious production with eminent individuals, than a big credit with an unknown group. When I was starting out I was fortunate to find work at the community theater company that was, and still is, the oldest continually running theater company in the Australia, which, in addition to philosophical principles informing all play choices, had an established, loyal audience. Everyone had heard of New Theatre, and the main newspapers reviewed their shows. It made a difference when I widened my net to professional companies. 
 
 
 Volunteer with companies putting on  fundraisers  or special performances and concerts in aid of charitable causes. Sometimes there are big names involved with this type of event. Plus they are worthwhile for your karma. 
 
 
 Educate yourself . Read about theater history. Read plays from all eras. Attend plays and take backstage tours when you can. Watch the wonderful movie adaptations of theatrical works, as well as programs like Masterpiece Theatre that are superb. 
 
 
 Build up your portfolio and don’t neglect to  keep a visual record  of your work. I wish I had been more assiduous in taking color photos of my early scenic and lighting work. With inexpensive digital cameras, this will be much simpler for you than it was for me back in the day. 
 
 
 
 College or Experience – which is the best path? 
 There is sometimes debate about the value of college or other courses in comparison to practical experience. My own story is a combination of the two. 
 Early in my career I felt the inadequacy in myself of certain skills that made it hard for me to realize my vision. I was fortunate enough to be able to enroll in certificate courses in technical colleges (very similar to community colleges in the US) in Fashion Illustration and Pattern Making, and later in Architectural Drafting. Highly vocational, these courses gave me an understanding of design theory, and useful skills to present my designs with clarity and style. 
 Later I felt called to enhance my qualifications even further, and interviewed and was accepted into a selective degree course at a highly regarded university. I gained my degree in Theater Design and Technology. The coursework was similar to that in an MFA, and I was never sorry that I took those four years off from professional work. However my work experience was what made the difference to my initial acceptance into the course. 
 In addition to the opportunity for pure scholarship, there are some excellent reasons to go to a good vocational theater school: 
 
 
 Access  to a caliber of advisers, resources and equipment that might be unavailable to the neophyte in the real world of theater. 
 
 
 The mandate to work in departments outside of your prior experience and  learn  about every task related to mounting a production. 
 
 
 The opportunity to form close  networking relationships  amongst your peers. You will enjoy great intellectually stimulating conversations about theater philosophy and debates about quality. 
 
 
 First chance at  official internships  at high end professional theater companies, which often reserve their intern positions for students officially enrolled in accredited colleges. 
 
 
 The priceless opportunity to stretch,  take risks  and generate your own projects in a safe environment. Your school might be the only place where you can stage your brand new musical adaptation of “Hamlet” with complete creative freedom and sufficient resources. 
 
 
 I believe that theater is a calling - a fierce, heartfelt calling. It means long hours, sweat and backaches, emotionally leaping onto a roller coaster. Every horrific mistake becomes an amusing anecdote for your future dinner parties. There’s nothing more exhilarating than fixing some disaster on the fly, without the audience realizing anything was wrong. I’ve always loved it. The anthem of theater from “Annie Get Your Gun” never fails to bring me to tears. 
 “There’s no business like show business, like no business I know.” 
 Share this: 
 
 Pinterest 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Tumblr 
 Email 
 Reddit 
 Twitter 
 Pocket 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Sign up for a FREE five part Step-by-Step mini-course - Write your ATS optimized Resume 
 Subscribe. Get neat stuff. 
 
 indicates required 
 
 Email Address * 
 First Name 
 Last Name 
 Email Format 
 
 html 
 text 
 
 Find what you're looking for 
 Search for: 
 Find Work In Film Blog 
 
 Job Hunting in a New Era  January 6, 2021 
 Foundation Principles when I write a Resume  October 22, 2020 
 What about those fancy resume templates that look like brochures?  October 3, 2020 
 Resource Round-Up  August 7, 2020 
 Safety guidelines for filming released  June 7, 2020 
 Interview - Assistant Director and educator, Diana Trejo  June 4, 2020 
 Job Hunting in tough times  May 5, 2020 
 
 Contact Me by Email - it's fastest this way 
 
 Find Jobs with Jooble 
 
 Like My Facebook Page for tons of resources 
 
 Like My Facebook Page for tons of resources 
 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
   More Free Info & Tips 
 
 Job Hunting in a New Era 
 Foundation Principles when I write a Resume 
 What about those fancy resume templates that look like brochures? 
 Resource Round-Up 
 Safety guidelines for filming released 
 Interview – Assistant Director and educator, Diana Trejo 
 Job Hunting in tough times 
 How to answer Process Questions 
 Where to find information about Pay Rates 
 Getting started as a Writer 
 
 Meta 
 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.org 
 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Copyright (C) 2021 Robyn Coburn Résumé Review -- Uptown Style WordPress theme by  GoDaddy 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
