Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Research Technician I/II 
 University Health Network 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 University Health Network (UHN) is looking for an experienced professional to fill the key role of Research Technician I/II in our Research Department. 
 Transforming lives and communities through excellence in care, discovery and learning. 
 The University Health Network, where “above all else the needs of patients come first”, encompasses Toronto Rehabilitation Institute, Toronto General Hospital, Toronto Western Hospital, Princess Margaret Cancer Centre and the Michener Institute of Education at UHN. The breadth of research, the complexity of the cases treated, and the magnitude of its educational enterprise has made UHN a national and international resource for patient care, research and education. With a long tradition of groundbreaking firsts and a purpose of “Transforming lives and communities through excellence in care, discovery and learning”, the University Health Network (UHN), Canada’s largest research teaching hospital, brings together over 16,000 employees, more than 1,200 physicians, 8,000+ students, and many volunteers. UHN is a caring, creative place where amazing people are amazing the world. 
 University Health Network (UHN) is a research hospital affiliated with the University of Toronto and a member of the Toronto Academic Health Science Network. The scope of research and complexity of cases at UHN have made it a national and international source for discovery, education and patient care. Research across UHN's five research institutes spans the full spectrum of diseases and disciplines, including cancer, cardiovascular sciences, transplantation, neural and sensory sciences, musculoskeletal health, rehabilitation sciences, and community and population health. Find out about our purpose, values and principles here. 
 A full-time Research Technician I/II position is available at the Princess Margaret Cancer Centre, one of the Top 5 Cancer Centres in the world. The job is located in the MaRS complex in the exciting Toronto Discovery District, adjacent to the downtown University of Toronto St. George campus, in Toronto, Ontario, Canada. The successful candidate will work to support two Princess Margaret Core Facilities (Biophysical Protein Characterization Core and NMR Spectroscopy Core Facility) through production of proteins, biophysical characterization of proteins and their interactions with other proteins and small molecules, as well as protein structure-function studies. 
 The successful candidate will express recombinant proteins in a variety of protein expression systems (E. Coli, yeast, baculovirus/insect cells, and mammalian cell culture) and purify recombinant and endogenous proteins for structural studies (x-ray crystallography, NMR and CryoEM), enzymatic and binding assays, and drug discovery projects. The successful candidate will perform experiments with purified proteins using biosensors (BLI and SPR), and a variety of other techniques that may include ITC, CD, SEC-MALS, and fluorescence spectroscopic methods, and will also carry out protein crystallization trials (using robotic systems and manually). 
 The successful candidate will receive training as required in these techniques, and a quick and thorough learner with detailed oriented personalities will be an asset. In turn this person will work with Graduate Students and other Technicians from across Princess Margaret to facilitate their experiments and provide them with training on these instruments. The position requires strong technical, communication (both spoken and written), and interpersonal skills and ability to collaborate and work in a team. 
 Qualifications 
 Bachelor’s degree, or recognized equivalent, in a health or science related discipline 
At minimum 6 months related experience working in a laboratory with some, but not necessarily all, of the techniques listed above. 
Familiarity and/or hands-on experience with a larger number of techniques is preferred. 
Hands-on experience with at least one protein expression system, preferably more. 
Hands-on experience with column chromatography of proteins, preferably using a FPLC system. 
Hands-on molecular biology experience (e.g., sub-cloning cDNA into vectors, site-directed mutagenesis) 
Experience with biosensors (e.g., SPR) and protein crystallization, preferred 
Experience with protein NMR and the other techniques listed above, preferred 
Enthusiastic candidate with strong technical, organizational and problem-solving skills that enjoys working as part of a team to tackle challenging projects. 
If you are interested in making your contribution at UHN, please apply on-line. You will be asked to copy and paste as well as attach your resume and covering letter. You will also be required to complete some initial screening questions. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
