
 Role 
 Description 
 
 Like what you see? Apply Now or hit the back button to search additional career options. 
 Inside Sales Representative 
 Apply Now 
 Power Home Remodeling is a company founded on equal parts hard work and positivity. We believe that “dream” and “achieve” are not mutually exclusive. That philosophy has served us well in becoming FORTUNE Magazine’s #1 Workplace for Millennials and one of  Glassdoor’s  Best Places to Work. 
 90% of our executives begin their careers in entry-level positions because we recruit, train, and retain talented individuals with a drive to succeed. Power is more than a home remodeling company. Power is a dream realization, technology-innovation, community-advocacy, expectation-shattering, happiness-maximizing company dedicated to improvement, both for our customers, and ourselves. 
 What You’ll Do: 
As an Inside Sales Agent you will report to the Vice President of Marketing and be responsible for appointment generation and support of all Power territories. Your main responsibility will be to mine and manage Power's internal customer database. This database is created for you by Power's outbound marketing and scheduling departments. You will be responsible for making outbound calls as well as receiving inbound Inquiries from potential customers. Over the course of your career, there are multiple growth opportunities including but not limited to department management, transferring to other departments or becoming a remodeling consultant within our sales division. 
 Primary job responsibilities include: 
 
 Daily telephone interaction with our database of customers and prospects 
 Promotion of Power’s eco-friendly products and services to prospective and existing clients 
 Generation of appointments for our outside sales division 
 Ongoing department meetings and training 
 
 Salary and Benefits: 
 
 Average first year income range: $45,000 - $60,000 (Base Salary plus commission and bonuses) 
 Monthly opportunities for performance-based rewards, such as luxury vacations, high-end electronics, gift cards and tickets to concerts and sporting events 
 Full medical, dental, life and disability insurance plans that can be tailored to your specific needs and the needs of your family 
 Complimentary access to on-site fitness center 
 On-site full-service cafeteria 
 Paid vacation and holidays, including additional time off to attend Power’s annual company trip to a tropical destination 
 A competitive 401(k) retirement savings program, matched by Power 
 Access to the latest technology 
 Unlimited growth opportunity 
 
 Apply Now 
 Power Home Remodeling Group is an equal opportunity employer and we are committed to hiring a diverse and talented workforce. 
 ** 
 Thanks again for your interest in PHRG. 
 ** 
 PHRG is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to diversity in our workspace. 
 © Copyright 2021 PHRG - All rights reserved. 
