Skip to main content 
   
 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Who we are 
 
 
 Our work 
 
 
 Meet the team 
 
 
 Working at OPDC 
 
 
 OPDC jobs 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Who we are 
 
 
 Our work 
 
 
 Meet the team 
 
 
 Working at OPDC 
 
 
 OPDC jobs 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 OPDC Jobs 
 Employment and Skills Hub Manager 
 Closing Date: Sunday 24 May 2020 at 23:59 GMT 
 Contract type: Fixed-Term for three years 
 Interview date: Tuesday 16 June 2020 
 Salary: £49,405 per annum 
 Grade: 9 
 Reference: OPDC-ESHM 
 Old Oak and Park Royal is set to be the largest regeneration project in the capital since the London 2012 Olympics and Paralympic Games. Over the next 20 years we will deliver thousands of new and affordable homes, a thriving local economy and huge improvements to social and community amenities around the new HS2 and Crossrail station at Old Oak Common. 
Join us and help shape the future of west London. 
 Bring your expert knowledge of employment and skills to OPDC to support local businesses and residents. You will establish the new Old Oak and Park Royal Employment and Skills Hub which is being delivered in partnership with the London boroughs of Brent, Ealing, and Hammersmith and Fulham; the Department of Work and Pensions; and West London College. The Hub will provide recruitment and business support services to the 1,700 businesses, 40,000 employees and 2,000 residents in the OPDC area as well as businesses and residents in the local boroughs and across west London. 
 We are looking for a resourceful individual with expertise spanning employment and skills, business support and regeneration and a successful track record of delivering services to businesses and residents. Central to this role will be your outstanding relationship management, people skills and experience of leading high-profile projects in complex environments. You will be organised, motivated and used to working collaboratively with a range of stakeholders. 
 Please click here for Job Description and Person Specification. 
 If you have a question about the role or the recruitment process, then please contact a member of the recruitment team via email on  glajobs@london.gov.uk  quoting reference  OPDC-ESHM. 
 We recognise the unique circumstances surrounding COVID-19, therefore we will be carrying out interviews via video conferencing. Further details on this will be provided if you are shortlisted. 
 Please note we do not accept CV’s for roles at OPDC. All applications for vacancies must be submitted via our online recruitment system. 
 Apply Now 
 In addition to a good salary package, we offer an attractive range of benefits including 30 days’ annual leave, interest free season ticket loan, interest free bicycle loan, childcare voucher scheme and a career average pension scheme. 
 London's diversity is its biggest asset and we strive to ensure our workforce reflects London's diversity at all levels. We welcome applications from everyone regardless of age, gender, ethnicity, sexual orientation, faith or disability. 
 We are committed to being an inclusive employer and we are happy to consider flexible working arrangements. We would welcome applications from candidates who are seeking part time work as these roles is open to job share. 
 
 Working at ODPC 2020 | Macdonald & Company 
 __ 
