  
 
 
 Find Jobs 
 
 
 Regions 
 
 
 Career advice 
 
 
 Moving Guide 
 
 
 News 
 
 
 Register 
 
 Job Seeker Account 
 Employer Account 
 
 
 
 Login 
 
 
 Post a Job 
 
 
 
 
 Find Jobs 
 Regions 
 Career advice 
 Moving Guide 
 News 
 
 
 Home   Find jobs   Locations   Career advice   Moving guide   News 
 Modal title 
 Close 
 Find Jobs 
 Find Jobs 
 IT & Technology Jobs in New Zealand | Working in New Zealand 
 IT Jobs in New Zealand 
 Are you an IT specialist qualified to work in New Zealand and looking for full-time employment? Whatever your niche, Working In can help you find IT professional jobs with some of the country's leading companies. 
 New Zealand's advanced, diverse tech industry offers many opportunities for skilled IT workers to learn new skills and advance their career. Start browsing through the latest IT vacancies in New Zealand to find the role best suited for you. 
 Refine Search 
 Find Jobs 
 Browse by Category 
 Accounting 
 Construction 
 Education and Training 
 Engineering 
 Healthcare 
 IT 
 Trades and Services 
 Browse by Location 
 Auckland 
 Christchurch 
 Dunedin 
 Gisborne 
 Hamilton 
 Nelson 
 [New Plymouth](/jobs/regions/new plymouth/) 
 [Palmerston North](/jobs/regions/palmerston north/) 
 Queenstown 
 Rotorua 
 Tauranga 
 Northland 
 Wellington 
 Sorry, we don't currently have any jobs for this search. Get a job alert for this search and as soon as we have a job that matches your criteria we will send you an email: 
 Thank you! You have successfully subscribed to our job alerts. 
 Subscribe for Jobs 
 Load more 
 New Zealand IT Jobs 
 Are you an IT specialist qualified to work in New Zealand and looking for full-time employment? Whatever your niche, Working In can help you find IT professional jobs with some of the country's leading companies. 
 New Zealand's advanced, diverse tech industry offers many opportunities for skilled IT workers to learn new skills and advance their career. Start browsing through the latest IT vacancies in New Zealand to find the role best suited for you. 
 Search IT and Technology Sector Vacancies 
 Using our helpful job search tool, you can find New Zealand tech jobs according to your individual skills and qualifications. Filter by region, city industry, specific occupations or company name to easily find a role that matches your requirements. Both domestic and international workers with relevant skills and experience are welcome to fill IT vacancies in New Zealand. 
 IT Manager Jobs 
 Due to a nationwide expansion of the IT industry and a shortage of highly-skilled workers to fill the hundreds of new jobs, demand for IT manager jobs in New Zealand is high.  Each new website or software application requires technical systems and support, and people with strong IT skills and experience are needed to manage these systems. 
 As of 2018, IT manager jobs are on the New Zealand long-term skill shortage list.  The demand for skilled IT workers is expected to continue - thus, foreign IT managers are actively encouraged by the Government to apply for these positions. 
 Graduate IT Jobs 
 There are also opportunities for less experienced IT workers to find a full-time job in the tech industry. Working In lists all the latest graduate IT jobs in New Zealand, including IT assistant and IT support jobs. Browse and apply for our selection of new IT jobs today for a chance to build upon your current skills and experience and land a great job with leading IT employers. 
 About Working In New Zealand 
 We’ve been helping people get a good job in New Zealand for over a decade. It’s what we care about the most! Get started today. 
 Job seekers 
 
 Login  /  Register 
 Job search 
 Companies hiring 
 Get job alerts 
 Contact us 
 
 Recruiting 
 
 Register 
 Existing customer login 
 Advertise a job 
 Products and services 
 
 About us 
 
 About Working In 
 Why use Working In 
 Contact us 
 Privacy policy 
 Terms & conditions 
 
 Our network 
 
 Working In Australia 
 Working In Business 
 
 
 Copyright  - Working In New Zealand 
   
 Copyright  - Working In New Zealand 
   
 Copyright  - Working In New Zealand 
