  
  Horton Women's Holiday Centre  
 
 About 
 
 History 
 Management Committee 
 Fundraising 
 Policies 
 Co-op 
 
 
 Prices 
 Visit 
 
 Accommodation 
 What to do when visiting 
 Events 
 Access 
 Wish List 
 Food 
 Children 
 
 
 Support us 
 
 Support 
 Fundraising 
 Wish List 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 Applications 
 Workers 
 
 
 Links 
 Contact 
 Gallery 
 F.A.Qs 
 
 Providing affordable holidays for women and children since 1980 
 Jobs 
 Please read the information below, and on the pages about  applications ,  workers , and  policies . 
 Potential applicants with dependents and/or disabilities - 
 As an organisation we are striving to make this job accessible for all women, however at present we are aware that our facilities/accommodation for workers may present some difficulties for women with dependents and/or disabilities. Please contact us if you need to discuss any issues relevant to this. 
 JOB DESCRIPTION 
 Workers are responsible for the day-to-day running of the Women’s Holiday Centre (WHC) including house keeping, dealing with all aspects of visitors’ stays, administration, maintenance and publicity. 
 Responsibilities 
 Domestic Work 
 
 
 Ensuring the house is clean, tidy and welcoming to visitors 
 
 
 Ensuring the house is adequately stocked with essentials such as food, fuel, etc. within a tight budget 
 
 
 Laundry of all bedding, towels etc. 
 
 
 Maintaining the playroom and play equipment in a safe and inviting state 
 
 
 Visitors 
 
 
 Ensuring visitors are made welcome and shown how the house works 
 
 
 Providing bus/train time-tables, and info on things to do in the local area etc. 
 
 
 Ensuring women with disabilities can use the house as fully as possible 
 
 
 Encouraging women to cook together and do chores so that the house is kept in a reasonable state 
 
 
 Organising frequent special activity weeks/weekends 
 
 
 Producing routine and new publicity (including monthly newsletter via Mailchimp) and developing ideas for attracting new visitors to the centre and to maximise its use mid-week and in the winter 
 
 
 Ensuring that the WHC maintains a positive image with the visitors and in the village 
 
 
 Abiding by and promoting the WHC procedures and policies, and ensuring visitors comply with policies too 
 
 
 Setting appropriate boundaries with women, who often have unrealistic expectation of workers availability e.g. to offer support, childcare, party all night 
 
 
 Administrative and Financial 
 
 
 Answering verbal, email, phone and written enquiries 
 
 
 Sending out information, posters, leaflets, etc. 
 
 
 Maintaining bookings diary, and securing deposits and payment of balance 
 
 
 Maintaining financial systems and keeping to agreed budgets 
 
 
 Keeping up-to-date and utilising the database of women interested in house-sitting; work weeks; fund-raising; special activity weeks etc. 
 
 
 Maintaining the computer and paper filing systems in an efficient and accessible way 
 
 
 Maintenance 
 
 
 Identifying and reporting to MC on structural needs of the buildings 
 
 
 Maintaining the general fabric of the house and organising repairs 
 
 
 Organising, promoting and co-ordinating volunteer work weeks as necessary - usually 2 per year 
 
 
 Ensuring that contracted scheduled work eg fire appliances servicing etc is done at suitable times, and that visitors are informed in advance of the presence of any such male workers 
 
 
 Maintaining Garden e.g. hedges, lawn mowing, safe state of trees, general tidying. There is also a space for growing vegetables if you want to 
 
 
 Health and Safety 
 
 
 Conducting regular checks and reporting these to MC 
 
 
 Improvements – taking immediate action as needed plus making recommendations to MC 
 
 
 Making sure visitors are aware of and comply with health and safety regulations and procedures 
 
 
 Development Work 
 This work is done jointly with the MC 
 
 
 Attending and reporting to monthly MC meetings. These meetings are to discuss development, administration, policy, finance, maintenance and any problems or difficulties 
 
 
 Proposing and planning improvements to the general facilities, especially to increase access for women and children with disabilities, and to increase visitor numbers 
 
 
 Fund-raising initiatives including applying to funding bodies for grants, organising and facilitating sponsored events, inviting visitors to make a donation or standing order in addition to their visitor payment etc. 
 
 
 Assisting with managing, monitoring and evaluating specific development projects when required by MC, and training and supervising volunteers and house-sitters to help with this and the general running of the house 
 
 
 Actively promoting the WHC wherever possible 
 
 
 PAY AND CONDITIONS 
 Hours of Work 
 This is a living in job with usually about 30 hrs basic per week, but as you might imagine, living and working in the same place, with guests almost constantly staying, is very demanding. Workers negotiate between themselves their time off work so that reasonable cover of the house is maintained. This flexible approach has proven to be satisfactory to all. It is the responsibility of the workers to arrange house sitters to cover holidays or illness, from an approved list. 
 Holidays 
 30 days per year as per contract. No overtime payments are available; however, in certain circumstances, time off in lieu may be negotiated with the MC 
 Wages 
 Wages are £1067.30 gross per month. There is a deduction of about £229.65 from this each month to cover accommodation (rent, bills, laundry etc). Workers are also able to eat at the house, which does make the wage far more reasonable than first appears. Some workers might also be able to claim  Working Tax Credit.  The wage is increased annually in line with the national living wage. 
 Contract 
 In accordance with our constitution, posts are offered for a minimum of 12 months, subject to a satisfactory 6 month probationary and training period. After each year there is a review and the contract can be extended up to a total of 3 years. 
 Responsibility 
 The workers are responsible in the first instance to the MC of the Women's Holiday Centre and ultimately to the WHC Co-operative. There is no direct supervision or line management: the workers have to take a lot of responsibility. It is the intention of MC to provide regular, monthly one-to-one sessions. The workers should not hesitate in contacting this person or the MC for support or advice. 
 PERSON SPECIFICATION 
 Essential Personal Qualities 
 
 
 Problem-solving approach 
 
 
 Ability to see the lighter side of things 
 
 
 Friendly and non-judgemental manner 
 
 
 Assertive 
 
 
 Ability to deal with conflict 
 
 
 Ability to get on with people from different backgrounds, cultures and needs 
 
 
 Ability to work in a physically and socially isolated environment 
 
 
 Ability to learn new tasks and skills quickly and to identify own training needs 
 
 
 Willingness to uptake training where applicable 
 
 
 Ability to cope with personal and emotional challenges 
 
 
 Ability to set clear personal boundaries and develop and use own support systems 
 
 
 Essential Skills/Experience 
 
 
 Ability to liaise with other agencies, Management Committee and the Co-op 
 
 
 Ability to work unsupervised and on own initiative 
 
 
 Ability to prioritise workload and structure own work 
 
 
 Ability to balance regular tasks and development work 
 
 
 Ability to work within a low budget and monitor this 
 
 
 Understanding of co-operative principles and ability to work co-operatively 
 
 
 Commitment to and ability to implement the policies of the house 
 
 
 Good written and spoken communication skills 
 
 
 Experience of and a positive approach to children 
 
 
 Ability to maintain computer and paper admin systems efficiently 
 
 
 Highly Desirable Skills/Experience 
 (Whilst these are not strictly essential, they may well be significant in the selection process, as they can have a significant impact on the way the workload can be shared between the workers. Appointment may be conditional on acquiring these within a specified time-frame) 
 
 
 Computer/IT skills for publicity, maintaining guest records, accounts etc - eg experience of using documents, speadsheets, databases, photoshop, mailchimp etc 
 
 
 Driving Licence 
 
 
 Other Desirable Skills 
 (These are not essential, but may be taken into account where the decision between applicants is very close) 
 
 
 DIY skills 
 
 
 Experience of recruiting, training and supervising volunteers 
 
 
 Experience of project management and evaluation 
 
 
 Experience of book-keeping / financial systems 
 
 
 Experience of ordering and shopping for large numbers 
 
 
 Experience of organising or co-ordinating fund-raising activities or grant applications 
 
 
 Experience of shared living 
 
 
 Experience of organic gardening 
 
 
 Basic Car Maintenance skills 
 
 
 First Aid knowledge 
 
 
 help us spread the word: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Email 
 Print 
 
 
 4 comments 
 
 lynn turner *  August 31, 2016 - 10:10 pm  *  Reply -> 
 
 Hello I would like to apply for the house worker job. 
 1. [hortonwhc](http://www.hortonwhc.org.uk) * [September 1, 2016 - 10:58 am](https://hortonwhc.wordpress.com/job/#comment-3233) * [Reply](https://hortonwhc.wordpress.com/job/?replytocom=3233#respond)->
 
 Hi Lynn! Please email  managament@hortonwhc.org.uk  for an application form. 
 
 Julie Jackson *  June 10, 2019 - 12:54 am  *  Reply -> 
 
 Hi, please let me know when tha next vacancy comes up to manage Horton Lodge. 
 Regards 
 Julie Jackson 
 07947378883 
 jacksonjulies357@gmail.com 
 1. [hortonwhc](http://www.hortonwhc.org.uk) * [June 10, 2019 - 7:32 pm](https://hortonwhc.wordpress.com/job/#comment-4048) * [Reply](https://hortonwhc.wordpress.com/job/?replytocom=4048#respond)->
 
 Hi Julie, Any upcoming vacancies will be advertised here and on our Facebook page. 
Have you stayed here at all - it's a good idea to get to know how the house works if you are considering applying to work here. 
We also welcome volunteers, for 5 hours volunteering you receive a free stay. 
 best wishes 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Our address 
 The Old Vicarage, Horton-in-Ribblesdale, Settle, BD24 0HD, United Kingdom. 
 01729 860207 
 Office hours 10am-8pm 
info@hortonwhc.org.uk 
 PAYMENTS AND DONATIONS - please give the dates of your stay as a reference 
 
 Useful Links 
 
 Guide to what's on locally 
 Join Horton WHC Facebook Group 
 Train Timetable 
 
 Support us !!! 
 Click on [this link to email a friend NOW about the Women's Holiday Centre ](mailto:?subject=Horton Womens Holiday Centre - www.hortonwhc.org.uk) 
and 
Click on [this link to contact the house about setting up a standing order to the Women's Holiday Centre ](mailto:info@hortonwhc.org.uk ?subject=standing order) 
Just telling a couple of friends about us, or sending us as little as £5 a month will be really appreciated :) 
 Public Facebook page for the WHC 
 
 Public Facebook page for the WHC 
 
 Pages 
 
 About Horton WHC 
 
 History 
 Policies 
 Workers 
 
 Applications 
 
 
 
 
 Co-op 
 Contact 
 Events 
 
 Access Project 
 
 
 F.A.Qs about the Women's Holiday Centre 
 Fundraising 
 Gallery 
 Jobs 
 Links 
 Prices 
 Support 
 
 Management Committee 
 Wish List 
 
 
 What to do when visiting 
 
 Access 
 Accommodation 
 Children 
 Food 
 
 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
