 Hot Topic Careers  
 Search job openings 
 Part-Time Assistant Store Manager 
 Brownsville, TX - Part-Time 
 Description 
 At Hot Topic, we’re passionate about a few things: music, pop culture and creating the most amazing in-store experience for our customers and employees. 
 We’re on the search for an Assistant Store Manager that will help lead the loudest store in the mall. You’ll support the Store Manager in achieving store objectives with regards to hitting sales targets, recruiting, and development. You’re a Harry Potter and Luke Skywalker rolled into one; you can handle anything that comes your way while driving sales and amazing customer service. 
 WHAT YOU'LL DO 
 
 Support your Store Manager in achieving the sales plan and/or comp sales goals. It’s not all about the Benjamins, but then it kind of is 
 Help recruit, develop and retain a super collaborative, passionate team to run your store alongside you 
 Provide leadership around running an operationally sound business; you’ll bring the right balance of ops, delegation/autonomy, and customer first selling practices 
 Keep watch (like the Night’s Watch) on shrink/loss prevention, payroll hours and schedules 
 Collaboratively communicate with retail leadership and HQ partners on trends & customer feedback 
 Run sales reports and use data to help guide your strategy to hit sales targets 
 Deliver the goods. You’ll merchandise the store in a compelling way, leveraging planograms as a guide, while launching all promos on time 
 In partnership with your Store Manager, you’ll develop your team of associates into a high performing, customer-focused crew 
 
 WHAT YOU'LL NEED 
 
 At least 6 months of retail store management experience; you’ve lead teams to success and want to experience more of it. You’ll have skills to pay the bills: communication, recruiting, operations (payroll, reporting, scheduling, merchandising) and be a developer of your peeps 
 Passion for music, fashion and pop culture 
 A high school diploma or GED equivalent. If you have a degree, even better 
 Roll with the punches. Retail is a fast changing industry and you like catching curveballs thrown your way 
 
 Share Job 
 Apply 
 
 Attach Resume/CV 
 Apply with LinkedIn 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 I agree to receive text messages from Hot Topic, Inc. to the telephone number provided above for purposes related to my job application and job recruitment at Hot Topic. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Submit 
 
 Check us out 
 
 
 Stores 
 
 
 Since our first store opening in 1989, we've been leading the way in bringing music and pop culture to the masses. We're now at 690 stores and counting across the U.S. and Canada. Working at our stores means you're taking a huge part in delivering the fandom. 
 
 
 All the (not so) small things 
 
 
 Benefits are a big deal, and we've got you covered. Medical, Dental, Vision, Retirement and so much more. Add in employee discounts, PTO, and tuition reimbursement and you're walking away flashing some bling. 
 
 
 Explore the Mothership 
 
 
 Our HQ is based in the City of Industry, CA in a newly designed, converted warehouse space. We have an open, collaborative work environment (no iron gates. Well...maybe :) with some sweet perks: on-site cafe, fitness center, chiropractor, masseuse, & fitness instructors. 
  Watch Video  
 
 
 We have superpowers. Being invisible isn't one of them. 
 
 
 Come see what's under our cape - check us out on Glassdoor. 
   
 
 Equal Opportunity Employer 
 Hot Topic, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. The company makes employment decisions based on the most qualified candidate regardless of race, color, sex, age, national origin, disability, religion, ancestry, religious creed, mental and physical disability, pregnancy and related medical conditions, genetic information, citizenship status, or any other characteristic protected by State, Federal or local law. Hot Topic, Inc. is committed to a program designed to prevent discrimination or unequal treatment. 
 
 Our company participates in  E-Verify . E-Verify is a program that electronically confirms a candidate’s  eligibility to work  in the United States after completing the Employment Eligibility Verification (Form I-9). The information provided on the Form I-9 is compared to the records contained in the Social Security Administration and Department of Homeland Security (DHS) databases. This helps employers verify the identity and employment eligibility of newly hired employees. 
 For California applicants, please click  here  for our California Consumer Privacy Act notice to learn about how we use applicant information. 
 
 Follow Us 
  LinkedIn     Instagram     Glassdoor  
 
 Hot Topic Careers 
 © 2020 Hot Topic, Inc. All Rights Reserved 
 
 All HQ & DC 
 Distribution and Operations 
 Finance & Accounting 
 Information Technology 
 Merchandise Planning & Allocation 
 Product Development 
 Real Estate & Construction 
 Stores 
 
