
 About Mike Sivier 
 
 Mike Sivier's blog 
 ~ by the writer of Vox Political 
 Search: 
 Tag Archives:  Jobseekers (Back to Work Schemes) 
 Closet Tory Liam Byrne is cosying up to the Coalition - and will cost Labour the next election 
 [ 
 21   Wednesday  Aug 2013 
 ](https://mikesivier.wordpress.com/2013/08/21/closet-tory-liam-byrne-is-cosying-up-to-the-coalition-and-will-cost-labour-the-next-election/) 
 Posted  by  Mike Sivier  in  Benefits ,  Conservative Party ,  Disability ,  Labour Party ,  Politics ,  Poverty ,  UK ,  unemployment ,  Workfare 
 ≈  19 Comments 
 Tags 
 Act ,  appeal ,  Atos ,  austerity ,  benefit ,  benefits ,  bill ,  closet ,  Coalition ,  concession ,  Conservative ,  cut ,  Daily Telegraph ,  Democrat ,  Department ,  Department for Work and Pensions ,  disability ,  disabled ,  DWP ,  election ,  Employment and Support Allowance ,  ESA ,  government ,  human cost ,  Iain Duncan Smith ,  Independent ,  Jobseekers (Back to Work Schemes) ,  Labour ,  Liam Byrne ,  Liberal ,  Mike Sivier ,  mikesivier ,  no money ,  note ,  Pensions ,  people ,  politics ,  reshuffle ,  reverse ,  review ,  secretary ,  shadow ,  shadow cabinet ,  sick ,  social security ,  spending ,  The Guardian ,  Tories ,  Tory ,  unemployment ,  Universal Credit ,  unum ,  Vox Political ,  welfare ,  work ,  work and pensions 
 
 Liam Byrne wants Labour to adopt Conservative policies but carry them out in a different way. Why would anyone vote for that? 
 Now  what's that creepy Liam Byrne up to? 
 First  he warned the Coalition that plans for further, hugely damaging, cuts in social security spending will cost around £1.4 billion more than they save . 
 Then  he offered to help Iain Duncan Smith, of all people, to save Universal Credit, of all things ! 
 The  Torygraph  has claimed this is Labour's "strongest backing yet" for Universal Credit. 
 Is Ed Miliband, as Labour 's leader, blind to the amount of damage this will do to his party? 
 It seems likely that Byrne is trying to improve his position ahead of a shadow cabinet reshuffle, but Miliband would have to be stupid to keep him on, after the shadow work and pensions secretary caused one disaster after another. 
 Look at the  Guardian  article. The lead paragraph declares: "The coalition's benefit cuts have descended into "chaos" that will cost an extra £1.4 billion  because of delays, extra claimants, waste and complaints  , Labour claims." [Italics mine] 
 What about the  human  cost, then? What about the huge damage that these Conservative-led policies will cause to hard-working people up and down the UK? We know that the benefit cap has already caused huge harm to working-class people, and the bedroom tax is doing the same - and these are only recent examples of stupid, cruel Tory policies (forget the Liberal Democrats - they're only around to rubber-stamp the plans of a Tory government). 
 This is telling us that Labour actually agrees with the ideology behind these schemes; it is in the execution of them that the parties differ.  Here's proof of it in the  Guardian  article: "The focus of Byrne's speech will not be challenging the substance of reforms brought in by Iain Duncan Smith… but criticism of his failure to deliver them properly. 
 That is a terrible, terrible mistake for Labour to make and, as leader, Ed Miliband should be putting a stop to it at once. 
 The  Guardian  says, "he will pledge to 'bring social security spending under control'."  That 's what the Tories say!  Labour should be promising to bring fairness back to social security. Labour should be promising the removal of Atos, Unum and any other profit-making concerns from the business of the Department for Work and Pensions and Labour should be pledging to bring in a new system that concentrates on the needs and abilities of each claimant, as determined by proper medical evidence and not some silly made-up tick-box computer questionnaire that was devised to make it easier to sell bogus insurance schemes. 
 Why is Byrne making such silly promises? Because, the  Guardian  says, Labour wants to "shake off Tory claims that it is too much on the side of benefit claimants over working people". In other words,  he and they are worried about what the Tories say  , and not about the torture through which they are putting ordinary people like you and me.  They won 't win any elections that way! 
 Attacking the Tories over the way they are doing things, rather than the things they are doing, has of course left Byrne wide open to any kind of attack the Tories wished to launch and, sure enough, an 'aide' to Iain 'Returned To Unit' Smith dismissed Byrne's claims as "laughable". 
 Quoted by the  Guardian  , she said this was "yet another disastrous speech, void of any ideas". It's a rare situation in which I am forced to agree with a Conservative! 
 "Same old Labour is in the wrong place on welfare," she continued. "They want people on benefits to make more money than the average hard-working family earns." Now that - of course - is utter nonsense, but it will stay in people's minds because the claim that the speech has no new ideas to offer, coupled with one that it is a "last-ditch attempt… to keep his job in the shadow cabinet" rings true. 
 The  Telegraph  article says Byrne has called for cross-party talks to clear up the "'mess' of delays and IT problems that he says have hit the policy."  Again, no mention that the policy is  wrong .  In fact, the article later states, "The project… is a good idea but needs to be rescued from the 'disaster' that it has become under [Mr Returned To Unit], he will claim." A good idea?  Universal Credit ? 
 It's a shame that he has decided to support the principles of the Tory regressions (we can't call them reforms, and changes isn't strong enough), because he did come up with a decent comment, that is also a truism: "There is now a private joke in Whitehall - to err is human, but to really foul things up you need Iain Duncan Smith." But of course Byrne ruined it by saying it was Smith's fault his harmful reforms are in crisis, rather than pouncing on them as bad ideas in their own right. 
 The  Guardian  article says "Shadow cabinet members are under pressure from Labour grandees to start spelling out their policies more clearly." If this is Byrne's idea of a Labour policy he should be dumped - not only from the shadow cabinet, but from Parliament and the Party - with haste. 
 Byrne has always been a dangerous liability - remember the damage he caused with one silly note about there being no money left after the 2010 general election? 
 He persuaded hundreds of Labour MPs to abstain from voting against the Tories' hasty plan to legalise their robbery of millions of pounds from thousands of Jobseekers - the Jobseekers (Back to Work Schemes) Act - in March, claiming that he had secured "concessions" that would make it worthwhile. 
 The first was a guarantee of appeal rights - a safeguard that had always been in place and that the Conservatives had not suggested they would drop. 
 The second was an independent review of the sanctions regime, with an urgent report and recommendations to Parliament. It is now nearly six months since that concession was made.  Has anybody - anywhere - heard any more about this "urgent report"? 
 Byrne was hoodwinked into giving way on a policy that is hugely damaging to the financial security of millions of people and receiving nothing at all in return.  That 's not even mentioning the damage caused to the Labour Party by this and other unnecessary concessions to the Conservatives. 
 Now this. 
 The only sane choice for Ed Miliband is to sack Byrne on the spot and announce a reversal of Labour policy that will halt any support for regressive Conservative austerity measures that harm not only hard-working people and jobseekers who want to get onto the employment ladder but also the economy in general. 
 But Miliband seems weak - or at least indecisive. It seems he needs encouragement. 
 His email address is ed.miliband.mp@parliament.uk and he is on Twitter as well: @Ed_Miliband 
 If you feel strongly about this, give him a piece of your mind. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Tumblr 
 Email 
 Print 
 Reddit 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Vox Political 
 
 Vox Political 
 
 Subscribe via email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Vox Political 
 
 RSS - Posts 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Another Angry Voice 
 Ayes to the Left 
 Diary of a Benefit Scrounger 
 The Green Benches 
 The Void 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Boris Johnson's Covid-19 u-turns (Pandemic Journal: June 17) 
 Five reasons the UK death toll is so high (Pandemic Journal: June 14) 
 A checklist of Boris Johnson's failures to the end of May (Pandemic Journal: June 9) 
 Australia thought Johnson was bad BEFORE he eased lockdown (Pandemic Journal, June 1) 
 The Pandemic, 'The Plague' and the government that made it worse (Pandemic Journal, May 24) 
 
 Archives 
 
 June 2020 
 May 2020 
 April 2020 
 March 2020 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 
 Topics 
 
 Austerity 
 Banks 
 Bedroom Tax 
 Benefits 
 Business 
 Children 
 Comedy 
 Conservative Party 
 Corruption 
 Cost of living 
 council tax 
 Crime 
 Defence 
 Democracy 
 Disability 
 Discrimination 
 Doctor Who 
 Drugs 
 Economy 
 Education 
 Employment 
 Employment and Support Allowance 
 Environment 
 European Union 
 Flood Defence 
 Food Banks 
 Foreign Affairs 
 Fracking 
 Health 
 Housing 
 Human rights 
 Humour 
 Immigration 
 International Aid 
 Justice 
 Labour Party 
 Law 
 Liberal Democrats 
 Llandrindod Wells 
 Maternity 
 Media 
 Movies 
 Neoliberalism 
 pensions 
 People 
 Police 
 Politics 
 Poverty 
 Powys 
 Privatisation 
 Public services 
 Race 
 Railways 
 Religion 
 Roads 
 Satire 
 Scotland referendum 
 Sport 
 Tax 
 tax credits 
 Television 
 Terrorism 
 Trade Unions 
 Transport 
 UK 
 UKIP 
 Uncategorized 
 unemployment 
 Universal Credit 
 USA 
 Utility firms 
 War 
 Water 
 Workfare 
 Zero hours contracts 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
