__ 
 __ 
 __ 
 __ 
 __ 
 100% 
 __ 
 
   
 
 Home 
 About Us 
 DSP Training 
 Courses 
 
 View All 
 Direct Support Personnel
 
 DSP Training Course 
 
 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 Login 
 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Profile 
 
 
 Courses 
 
 
 Pages 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
 Log Out 
 
 
 Achievements 
 
 
 View All 
 
 
 Workforce Instruction User Profile 
 
 
 LearnDash Course 
 
 
 Course List Shortcode 
 
 
 Sample Page 
 
 
 Sidebar Content 
 
 
 Content Sidebar 
 
 
 Members 
 
 
 Home  __  Organizational Behavior  __ Perception and Job Attitudes 
 Perception and Job Attitudes 
 Organizational Behavior   Perception and Job Attitudes 
 Exhibit 3.1 (Credit: Quinn Dombroski/ flickr/ Attribution-ShareAlike 2.0 Generic (CC BY-SA 2.0) 
 Chaz is anxious to get ahead, really focused on how fast he can accelerate his career. In order to showcase his tenacity, he stays extra hours and often takes on extra assignments from upper management and doesn’t seem to mind. James, on the other hand, is content in his position and believes that if he does his regular job, he will be seen a stable part of the team and will be rewarded for his everyday efforts. James views Chaz’s behavior as “kissing up” and resents Chaz for his extra efforts because it may make his own work look bad. James doesn’t give a thought to the personal reasons why Chaz may be acting that way, and instead ends up treating Chaz poorly, with a short temper every time they have to work together. 
 Chaz talks to his manager, Jerry, about the way that he is being treated by James. He explains that he has been having some personal troubles at home, his wife is expecting, and they are trying to save for the new addition to their family. Chaz is feeling pressure to work hard and showcase his talents in order to get a raise. He also expresses his feelings against James, mainly that he shouldn’t be scrutinized for going above and beyond when his colleagues may just decide to do the minimum requirements. Jerry understands, and he appreciates Chaz coming to him with his concerns. They talk about ways to measure Chaz’s extra efforts and plan a conversation during their annual review period to discuss his raise again. Jerry also suggests that Chaz talk with James to alleviate some of the negative behavior he is experiencing. He feels that if James understood the reasons behind Chaz’s actions, he may be less jealous and feel less threatened by him. 
 Questions: 
How can an individual’s perceptions be a challenge in the workplace? 
What can James do in the future to address Chaz in a different manner and better understand his actions? 
What do you think Jerry could have done differently to help his employees overcome their differences and work more efficiently together? 
  Previous Lesson  
  Back to Course  
  Next Lesson  
 Copyright 2019 - All Rights Reserved | Designed by  WisdmLabs 
