Skip to content 
 __Open Menu 
 
 Authors 
 
 A. F. Henley 
 A. M. Arthur 
 Abbie Roads 
 Addison Cole 
 Alexandra Sokoloff 
 Alison Aimes 
 Alison Packard 
 Ally Broadfield 
 Amada Abbott 
 Amanda Carlson 
 Amanda Forester 
 Andrea Laurence 
 Ann Marie Walker 
 Ann Mayburn 
 Annabeth Albert 
 Anne Frasier 
 Annie Rains 
 Anya Wylde 
 Autumn Stark 
 Avery Flynn 
 Bernadette Chapman 
 Beverly Barton 
 Boone Brux 
 Caitlyn Blue 
 Candis Terry 
 Carter Ashby 
 Cathryn Fox 
 Cecy Robson 
 Cheryl Etchison 
 Christi Barth 
 Cindi Madsen 
 Claire Douglas 
 Collette Cameron 
 D. L. McDermott 
 Damon Suede 
 Dani-Lyn Alexander 
 Daphne Dubois 
 Debbie Burns 
 Debbie Cassidy 
 Debbie Mason 
 Deborah Rix 
 Delancey Stewart 
 Desiree Holt 
 Diane Alberts 
 Dixie Lyle 
 Donna Michaels 
 Dyann Love Barr 
 Elizabeth Hoyt 
 Elizabeth Hunter 
 Elliott Saint James 
 Elyssa Patrick 
 Emily March 
 Emma Douglas 
 Erica Ridley 
 Erin Kelly 
 Eva Leigh 
 Gena Showalter 
 Gina L. Maxwell 
 Heatherly Bell 
 Helena Rac 
 Ilona Andrews 
 J. D. Barker 
 J. R. Ward 
 Jamie Hollins 
 Jane Casey 
 Jane Holland 
 Janie Crouch 
 Jay McLean 
 Jen Doyle 
 Jen Frederick 
 Jenna Dales 
 Jennifer Bernard 
 Jennifer Gracen 
 Jennifer Ryan 
 Jennifer Shirk 
 Jessica Lemmon 
 Jessica Linden 
 Jill Mansell 
 Jill Shalvis 
 Judy H. 
 Julia London 
 Julia Quinn 
 Juliana Stone 
 Karen Marie Moning 
 Karen Rock 
 Kat Latham 
 Kate Angell 
 Kate Canterbary 
 Kate Douglas 
 Kate Meader 
 Kathleen Brooks 
 Katie MacAlister 
 Katie Porter 
 Katy Regnery 
 Kayti McGee 
 Kelly Jamieson 
 Kindle Alexander 
 Kresley Cole 
 Kristina Mathews 
 L. A. Witt 
 Lara Adrian 
 Laura Chapman 
 Laura Trentham 
 Laurelin McGee 
 Lauren Layne 
 Lexi Maxxwell 
 Liana LeFey 
 Linda Kage 
 Lindsey Brookes 
 Lisa Berne 
 Lisa Kessler 
 Lisa Kleypas 
 Liz Crowe 
 Lori Brighton 
 Lori Sjoberg 
 Lorraine Heath 
 Lucy Clarke 
 Lynda Aicher 
 Lynn Raye Harris 
 Lynnette Austin 
 M. A. Stacie 
 M. Raiya 
 Madison Collins 
 Maggie LaCroix 
 Manel Loureiro 
 Marie Harte 
 Marina Adair 
 Mary Bernsen 
 Mary Wine 
 Megan Frampton 
 Melanie Casey 
 Melissa Foster 
 Melissa Kate 
 Merry Jones 
 Michele Mannon 
 Michelle McLean 
 Milly Taiden 
 Mimi Jean Pamfiloff 
 Nalini Singh 
 Nico Jaye 
 Nicole Michaels 
 Noelle Adams 
 Rachel Brimble 
 Rachel Harris 
 Rachel Lacey 
 Rebecca Crowley 
 Rebecca Heflin 
 Renee Rose 
 Rob Browatzke 
 Roxanne St. Claire 
 Samantha Chase 
 Samanthe Beck 
 Sandra Marton 
 Sandra Owens 
 Sara Humphreys 
 Sarah Creech 
 Sarah MacLean 
 Sawyer Bennett 
 Scarlett Cole 
 Scarlett Scott 
 Shannyn Schroeder 
 Sharla Lovelace 
 Sherrill Bodine 
 Sherry Thomas 
 Sidney Halston 
 Skye Jordan 
 Sophia Henry 
 Susan Meier 
 Susan Scott Shelley 
 Susie Steiner 
 T. J. Kline 
 Tamara Morgan 
 Tammy L. Bailey 
 Tara Kingston 
 Tawna Fenske 
 Tellulah Darling 
 Tess Diamond 
 Tessa Bailey 
 Tif Marcelo 
 Tim Waggoner 
 Tracey Alvarez 
 Tracey Livesay 
 V. R. Stone 
 Veronica Forand 
 Vivienne Lorret 
 
 
 Genre 
 
 Bdsm titles 
 Contemporary Romance 
 Erotic Romance 
 Historical Romance 
 LGBT titles 
 Paranormal Romance 
 Romantic Suspense 
 Sports Romance 
 Urban Fantasy 
 
 
 Rating 
 
 1 spoon 
 2 spoons 
 3 spoons 
 4 spoons 
 5 spoons 
 
 
 Series 
 
 Aces Hockey 
 Angels of The Dark 
 Bad Boys of Crystal Lake 
 Barefoot Bay Brides 
 Barefoot William 
 Big Girl Panties 
 Billionaire Blackmail 
 Black Dagger Brotherhood 
 Bringer and The Bane 
 Cambio Springs 
 Campbell Sisters 
 Cape Hope 
 Cold Fury Hockey 
 Cold Iron 
 Command Force Alpha 
 Crystal Valley 
 DS Manon 
 Due South 
 Elle Harrison Thriller 
 Falcon Football 
 Feeling The Heat 
 Fever 
 Forbidden Men 
 Game On 
 Get Real 
 Grave 
 Hearts and Crafts 
 Guild Hunter 
 Heart of Montana 
 Highlander 
 How To Marry A Highlander 
 Immortals After Dark 
 In Plain Sight 
 In Wilde Country 
 Kate Daniels 
 Kerr Chronicles 
 Love By Numbers 
 Lucky Harbor 
 Midnight Breed 
 Miss Match 
 Montgomery Manor 
 More Than A Game 
 Noble 
 Pilots Hockey 
 Portland Heat 
 Power Play 
 Princes Trilogy 
 Psy-Changeling 
 Pushing The Boundaries 
 Restoration 
 Romancing The Clarksons 
 Rosewood 
 Second Chance 
 Second Circle Tattoos 
 Seduction 
 Women of Power 
 Worth The Fight 
 Shadow Watch 
 Splendid 
 Sugar/Georgia 
 Take a Chance 
 The Cabot Sisters 
 The Dacians 
 The Donovan Brothers 
 The Harrisons 
 The Huntress/FBI Thrillers 
 The Laws of Motion 
 The McCauley Brothers 
 The McGuire Brothers 
 The Shaugnessy Brothers 
 Villain's Love 
 Whiskey, Tango & Foxtrot Mystery 
 Wildwood 
 
 
 Blitz and Giveaways 
 Disclaimer 
 About 
 
 Search 
 Search for: __Close 
   
 Lady Myst's Bookish Hodgepodge 
 A secret recipe to boost your imagination 
 5 spoons  /  Authors  /  Blitz and Giveaways  /  Books  /  Grave  /  Lori Sjoberg  /  Paranormal Romance  /  Rating  /  Series 
 Blog Tour ~ Excerpt, Review & Giveaway ~ Grave Vengeance by Lori Sjoberg 
 __ January 19, 2015  __ elisangelis  __ 2 Comments 
 Book:   Grave Vengeance 
 Author:   Lori Sjoberg 
 Genre:   Paranormal Romance 
 Release Date:   January 19, 2015 
 
 Handsome and haunted, he's a reaper who prefers to work alone. But Fate has other plans for him and the sassy secret agent who shot him in another life—if their pasts don't catch up with them first. 
 Dmitri Stavitsky has never played well with others—a Soviet KGB spy in life turned reaper after death, his work of bringing souls to the other side is best done alone. But orders from the top soon place him alongside fellow reaper Gwen Peterson, the American counter intelligence agent who took his life so many years ago. 
 Now, as a ghost from Gwen's past resurfaces with the power to steal reapers' souls, the two have no choice but to set aside their differences and apprehend the rogue together. But their cross-country mission soon ignites feelings Dmitri thought he was no longer capable of—for the woman who helped destroy him. With an ancient force and a small army against them, he'll have to let go of old grudges or risk his future with Gwen…as Fate hangs dangerously in the balance. 
 
 
 
 
 People this side of town had a nasty habit of killing each other. Dmitri Stavitsky leaned against the wall of the Gas ’N Grub and hooked his thumbs in the belt loops of his jeans. Stores around here closed before dark, with their doors double-bolted and metal gates rolled over the windows. The ice machine to his left made a continuous thunk-thunk-thunk sound that drowned out some of the traffic noise from the county road less than a hundred yards away. To his right, a group of teenage boys played basketball in front of a house no bigger than a two-car garage. The court was dirt and the hoop had no net, but the kids didn’t seem to mind. 
 The area was a familiar work site for reapers. Things had always leaned toward the dangerous side in the Midway district, but turf wars had claimed twelve lives in the past two weeks and even the police were keeping their distance after dusk. And with so many people dying in the streets, Dmitri had no choice but to rotate reapers into the area so no face would become too familiar with the locals. 
 Dmitri stuffed his hands in his pockets and turned away from the flashing blue lights. Without so much as a backward glance, he shuffled toward the main road. The police didn’t notice him and even if they did, they would assume he was just another vagrant passing through town. They’d never suspect his true nature, the predator lurking in plain sight. He reached the gas station about fifteen minutes later, the parking lot brightly lit and only one truck at the pumps. 
 Some sorry excuse for a human being had boosted his pride and joy. He’d left his classic Dodge Challenger coupe parked along the north side of the building by the pay phone, but now the spot sat empty. 
 Temper flaring, he kicked the nearby trash can. He’d put a lot of work into that fucking car. Last summer, he rebuilt the transmission and reupholstered the interior. It had taken him weeks to find the parts needed to fix the carburetor. Whoever stole it was in for a world of pain when he hunted them down. And he would. It was only a matter of time. 
 Dmitri retrieved his phone from his back pocket and scrolled through his list of contacts. All of the reapers in his unit were booked solid tonight, but a few were working in the general vicinity. Ruby had an eleven-fifteen down by Walt Disney World, but Adam wasn’t due to his appointment in Lake Mary for another ninety minutes. 
 Plenty of time to swing by and give him a lift. 
 He was waiting for Adam to pick up when a familiar rumble caught his attention. His head whipped toward the sound, his blood pressure spiking when he saw his own car swinging into the lot. The Challenger veered around the gas pumps and headed straight to where he stood. With the dark tint he couldn’t make out the driver right away, but as the car rolled closer, the person slowly came into view. 
 The driver’s side window rolled down, and an unwelcome blast from the past stared back at him. During their mortal lifetimes, she’d worked counterintelligence for the United States government. She’d updated her hairstyle since the last time they crossed paths, but other - wise she looked exactly the same. Same hazel eyes and angular face. Athletic build. Zero makeup. And judging by the condition of her fingernails, she still bit them regularly. Like most creatures of habit, Gwen Peterson abhorred change. 
 “That’s my car,” he bit out through gritted teeth. 
 “Yeah, I know. I got bored waiting around for you, so I decided to take it out for a little spin.” After all these years, she still hadn’t lost an ounce of that grating New England accent. The honey-blond nightmare flashed him a grin, and her eyes crinkled at the corners. 
 She drummed her fingers against the top of the steering wheel. “It’s a really sweet ride, Red. You must have put a lot of work into it. Hop in. We’re late.” 
 “For what?” 
 Her grin widened to a smile. “You’ll see.” 
 Buy this book: 
 Amazon |  Barnes and Noble  |  iTunes  |  Kobo 
 
 I've been waiting for this book for a long time. Ever since his first appearance, Dmitri both intrigued and seduced me with his no nonsense character and dark and silent demeanor. Over the years I've come to realize, if done right,  these  are the characters that are most explosive in their own books. Dmitri? Wait, is there more explosive than most explosive? Because he was that. I skimmed through the first half of the book without even realizing, and stopped only when my eyes wouldn't open any more or I found myself reading the same sentences over and over. I simply didn't want to lose one moment of Dmitri and Gwen's experience. 
 Those who are familiar with this series will know that these guys and gals are reapers. Working for Fate, they capture the souls of the departed and lead them on to the next leg of their journey. Those who haven't read though, please do so starting from the first book so you don't miss the great previous reading experience. When summarizing like this, it all sounds like drama unfolding between reapers and their human charges, but it's far from that. They have to battle some supernatural creatures and other miscreants as well. And let's not forget about the romance. They have to battle evil, reap souls, try to stay in one piece and find  and keep  their one and only after all. 
 There aren't enough words to describe how I felt for Dmitri. So far, he was tough, cold, completely immersed in the work he had to do in order to redeem his soul, and working alone while doing it. There isn't much to tell about who he was as a reaper, since it was all pretty straightforward. But who he used to be, and who he became when he was around Gwen is another matter, and most definitely worth the read. When he was with Gwen, he was surly only a little, but mostly he let us see the man he pushed back inside. And what a man. Not only was he passionate and caring, but the hurt he bottled up inside really tore at my heart. The way he loved Gwen and warred with the shadow of both their pasts played a good long melody with my heartstrings I tell you. 
And Gwen. A tortured soul through and through, she was more open than Dmitri. We discovered more about her before Dmitri could finally open up, and seeing the emotional woman inside the kickass heroine really made me love her all the more. When it came to no nonsense, she was the same as Dmitri, and coming from the opposite sides of the same past made their connection even stronger. Plus, the way they became reapers, call me weird but, I thought was romantic as hell. Yeah, I have a twisted idea of romance. There are a lot more I want to talk about these two but there's no way I can do that without spoiling this story and I can't be that cruel to you guys. 
 But I  can  talk a bit more about the plot. As much as I love a good romance-and Dmitri and Gwen give us that- there's a good amount of action in there too. This book was also a turning point for the plotline, one I can't wait to see resolve. I'm just glad to know there are more reapers to go around whose stories I can still anxiously await, and believe me when I say I do. I so do. 
 A top notch addition to Lori Sjoberg's  Grave  series that I recommend to everyone who wishes for a fresh look at the concept of death, and who would love to try something new in paranormal romance. I know I'm not supposed to be shallow, but I can't help but point out the covers too. Would you look at them? Aren't they so pretty sexy that you wish you were the model? 
 I'm adding five huge spoonfuls of this story into my hodgepodge, and though I can't give up on my life just yet, I wouldn't mind one of these reapers to pay me a visit sometime. You know, to build a bridge between our world and their own. To act as mediator. And while helping them out, if one of them falls for me, would that be too much to ask? 
 
 
 
 Lori was a born a coal miner’s daughter. No wait, that’s not right. Actually, she was born a carpenter’s daughter. Her mother was a housewife/homemaker/stay-at-home mom – whatever the politically correct term is these days. Basically, she made sure Lori didn’t get into too much trouble, a task easier said than done. 
Growing up the youngest of three girls, Lori never had control of the remote. (Not that she’s bitter about that. Really. Okay, maybe a little, but it’s not like she’s scarred for life or anything.) That meant a steady diet of science fiction and fantasy. Star Trek, Star Wars, Twilight Zone, Outer Limits – you name it, she watched it. It fed her imagination, and that came in handy when the hormones kicked in and she needed a creative excuse for being out past curfew. 
After completing her first manuscript, she joined the Romance Writers of America and Central Florida Romance Writers. Now she exercises the analytical half of her brain at work, and the creative half writing paranormal romance. When she’s not doing either one of those, she’s usually spending time with her husband and children of the four-legged variety. 
 Connect with Lori: 
 Website  |  Facebook  |  Twitter  |  Goodreads 
 
 
 Three iBook Copies of GRAVE VENGEANCE 
 a Rafflecopter giveaway 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Tumblr 
 LinkedIn 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 __ Book ,  book blitz ,  Book Review ,  books ,  giveaway ,  Lori Sjoberg ,  Paranormal Romance ,  pnr ,  reapers ,  Series 
 Post navigation 
 __ Previous PostReview ~ Murder At Rudhall Manor by Anya Wylde 
 Next PostReview ~ Huntress Moon by Alexandra Sokoloff __ 
 2 thoughts on "Blog Tour ~ Excerpt, Review & Giveaway ~ Grave Vengeance by Lori Sjoberg" 
 
 Tasty Book Tours  says: 
 
 January 19, 2015 at 3:34 pm 
 Thank you so much for hosting today! GREAT Review! Now I have to add this one to the never ending TBR list! 
 Reply __ 
 * **[elisangelis](https://mysterioushodgepodge.wordpress.com)** says:
 
 January 19, 2015 at 10:22 pm 
 Oh, you should definitely read this one, you wouldn't regret it! And thank you, glad to be a part of the tour! 
 Reply __ 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Find me on GoodReads! 
 Lady Muslin Myst 
 Social 
 
 View myst_lady's profile on Twitter 
 View bookishcoffeelove's profile on Instagram 
 
 Currently Reading 
 
 Currently Reading 
 
 
 
 
 January 2015 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 
 
 
 
 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 11 
 
 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 18 
 
 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 25 
 
 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 31 
 
 
 
 
 « Dec   Feb » 
 I'm BookishCoffeeLove on Instagram 
 No Instagram images were found. 
 Best Thrillers of 2018 
 
 
 
 
 Best Romances of 2018 
 
 
 
 
 Best Thrillers of 2017 
 
 
 
 
 
 Sweet Romances 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Blog Tour ~ The Wreckage of Us by Brittainy Cherry ~ Author Q&A, Review, Excerpt & Giveaway 
 Blog Tour ~ Eternity Springs: Tucker by Emily March ~ Review & Excerpt 
 Blog Tour ~ Regretting You by Colleen Hoover ~ Author Q&A, Excerpt & Giveaway 
 Blog Tour ~ Never Enough by Kelly Elliott ~ Author Q&A, Excerpt & Giveaway 
 Blog Tour ~ In The Dark by Loreth Anne White ~ Review, Q&A with Author, Excerpt & Giveaway 
 
 Search this site 
 Search for: 
 Goodreads 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Archives 
 
 September 2020 
 March 2020 
 December 2019 
 November 2019 
 October 2019 
 September 2019 
 July 2019 
 June 2019 
 May 2019 
 April 2019 
 February 2019 
 January 2019 
 December 2018 
 November 2018 
 October 2018 
 September 2018 
 August 2018 
 July 2018 
 June 2018 
 May 2018 
 April 2018 
 March 2018 
 February 2018 
 January 2018 
 December 2017 
 November 2017 
 October 2017 
 September 2017 
 August 2017 
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Back to top 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
