
 
  Facebook  
 
 
  Twitter  
 
 
 About 
 
 
   
 
 Start Here 
 Traveling 
 Saving 
 
 Select Page 
 I Just Quit My Job to Travel. Now What? 9 Tips to Get You Started 
 Inspiration  |  0 comments 
 You've been waiting for this moment forever. Dreaming of the day when you'd save up enough money, turn in your resignation letter, and chase after your goal to travel the world. And then suddenly it hits you. You find yourself thinking: I just quit my job to travel. Not what? 
 Relax and breathe. Here are nine tips to help get you back on track! 
 
 I Just Quit My Job to Travel. Now What? 
 
 Reader Asks: 
 _I read your article in Harper 's Bazaar which in turn sent me to your invaluable website. _ 
 You are truly an inspiration! I am at the same stage as you were before you began your journey! In the rat race of corporate life in Event Management and I can 't to wait to say that I just quit my job to travel. I've also just started to populate my own blog  www.LereaseTravels.com  (Also  rjsholidays.com ) - so hope I can be as brave as you were in doing what you ended up loving full time! I'd love if you have any advice to share, I'd be grateful. I'll continue to use  Travel Fashion Girl  to assist me in packing!! 
 
 Great to hear from you, I'm happy my story was an inspiration, yay! Some advice before beginning your journey: 
 ➊ 
 Life moves on. 
 Trust me, you'll rarely miss much action back at home when you make the decision to leave for an extended period of time. Things at home with friends and family tend to stay the same. Life moves on without you but at a very slow pace. 
 You'll change from your experiences traveling but when you return you'll find that most things haven't changed much which might shock your system. In fact, you might experience reverse culture shock. 
 ➋ 
 Don't be afraid. 
 You're stronger than you know and that is the beauty of traveling. You get to know yourself in a whole new light and the challenges help you face and overcome your weakness while also learning and accepting your strengths. 
 
 Read this post on why  traveling alone as a woman  is amazing! 
 
 ➌ 
 Sell everything you don't need. 
 If you can, sell everything instead of keeping things in storage once you decide you want to travel perpetually. I spent thousands of dollars storing things that I would later end up selling anyway. Ask yourself if the money you save on a year's worth of storage fees would buy you a new set of everything once you return. 
 ➍ 
 Stay at hostels. 
 Don't be afraid of staying at hostels, no matter your age. I've met travelers anywhere from 18-70. Hostels vary greatly and you can read reviews to get a feel for the place before you book. You can tell when they're geared towards the 18-35 crowd and when they attract more mature travelers, couples, or families. (The price is usually a big indicator!) 
 If you don't like the idea of sleeping in a dorm, many hostels actually offer private rooms as well. The biggest benefit of staying at a hostel is that they offer common rooms which is a great place to meet other travelers (so long as you avoid keeping your face down staring at an ipad screen). I research and book hostels on  HostelWorld . 
 
 Take a look at these helpful  hostel essentials ! 
 
 ➎ 
 Talk to people. 
 Strike a conversation with another traveler using the three official travel "questions": Where are you from? Where have you been? Where are you going? You learn the best travel tips from people you meet on the road plus it's a great opportunity to make new friends, too. Sometimes, friendships last a few days, several weeks, or forever but traveling encourages people to be open-minded. 
 ➏ 
 Pack light. 
 You don't need as much "stuff" as you think whether at home or on the road. When you learn to live with less as you travel with your home in your backpack or wheeled in a suitcase, you'll realize how much stuff you collected at home and actually can live without. 
 
 Read these  packing lists  and my ultimate guide on  packing light . 
 
 ➐ 
 Take a backpack. 
 Take a backpack  unless you plan on staying in one place for an extended period of time. Adventure means gaping holes in the sidewalks, dirt roads, or no roads at all. This one's my favorite  travel backpack  and many other travelers agree. For a suitcase with wheels that's built to last and super-light, try my latest bag:  the Osprey Ozone 22″ . Love it! 
 ➑ 
 Live without regrets. 
 What's the worse that can happen? If things don't work out once you're on the road, you don't like traveling solo, or long-term travel isn't for you - that's okay. Some people enjoy long-term travel more than others. If you're going to quit a job then give yourself at least four-six months to give it a try and plan for an open-ended trip. 
 Don't let the thought that I just quit my job to travel hold you back if you give it a try and find out that it's just not for you. You can start applying for jobs as soon as you realize this and get back on track with the satisfaction of knowing that you tried. 
 The most important thing is that you do it and don't live your life wondering "what if?" Live without regrets. 
 ➒ 
 Believe in yourself. 
 Believe in yourself and follow your instincts. Once you're on the road, get away from google, travel blogs, and online travel tips. Travel has a wonderful way of leading you to exciting adventures if you just open yourself up to the possibilities. 
 
 Do you have anything to add? Please share in the comments below! 
 
 
 Hope you liked these tips. I wish someone had shared them with me when I quit my job to travel. Please share with your friends on Facebook, Twitter and Pinterest. Thanks for reading! 
 
 Spread The Love 
 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Google+ (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Related posts 
  Want To Quit Your Job and Travel the World? 
 Submit a Comment  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Comment 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. 
 Notify me of new posts by email. 
 
 Currently In 
 Playa Del Carmen, Mexico 
 Follow Me 
 
 Follow Me 
 
 Tips 
   
     
 COPYRIGHT © 2011 - 2018  ALEXANDRA JIMENEZ  | DESIGNED BY  NICOLE MERCED 
