Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Administrative & Clerical Professionals (Durham Region) 
 Ontario Power Generation 
 __Oshawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
Oshawa, ON, CA, L1W 4A7 
 Req ID:  5099 
 Status:  Contract ( 6-12 months +) 
 Education Level:  College Diploma or relevant work experience 
 Location(s):  Pickering, Whitby, Courtice, Bowmanville 
 Number of Position(s):  Multiple 
 Shifts(s):  Days 
 Deadline to Apply:  November 24, 2019 
 BE THE GENERATION to challenge and change. 
At OPG, our values are our strengths. They are fundamental truths about us that don’t change. Safety. Integrity. Excellence. People and Citizenship. We operate a diverse portfolio of generation assets including nuclear, hydroelectric, biomass and solar, and offer challenging and unique work opportunities. BE THE GENERATION to power tomorrow. 
 JOB OVERVIEW 
Ontario Power Generation (OPG) is looking for Administrative & Clerical Professionals for a variety of temporary positions that may become available on a short term/long term basis at our locations across the Durham Region. 
 The Administrative & Clerical Professionals will be responsible for day-to-day administrative support for mid to senior leaders and their departments utilizing new technologies to deliver efficient processes in such areas as in such areas as correspondence, meeting arrangements/scheduling, time management, information maintenance and general office support. Duties may include: 
 Produce or process correspondence covering a broad array of routine and confidential subject matter including reports, statistical data, submissions for approval of budgets, human resource materials. 
Make all necessary arrangements for meetings including the preparation of agenda, acquiring of meeting room, arranging for audio-visual or other equipment, preparing and issuing meeting notices etc. May be required to attend meetings to provide administrative support. 
Make all necessary travel and accommodation arrangements following appropriate travel policies, including obtaining appropriate approvals for out of province and out of country travel. 
Review forms, reports and other forms of information to be processed (time reports, expense reports etc.) for conformity to all governing requirements (policies, collective agreements, human resources policies and procedures etc.,) where pertinent, for accuracy of calculations, for account distribution and the like. 
 EDUCATION 
 College diploma or certificate in office administration, legal administration, executive administration or office assistant. 
 QUALIFICATIONS 
 3-5 years of administrative experience supporting multiple managers at a time in a broad range of office functions; 
Advanced Software proficiency - including Word (tested), Excel (tested), PowerPoint (tested); 
Advanced proficiency in Microsoft Outlook and Office 365 suite of applications including One Drive, One Note, Teams, Yammer, Skype, etc.; 
40 accurate words per minute keyboarding skills (tested); 
Change resilient in an agile work environment; 
Interest in innovation and commitment to stay up to date with the latest technology; 
Excellent oral and written communication skills; 
Excellent knowledge of general office procedures and practices; 
Demonstrated ability to handle confidential material and information with discretion; 
Demonstrated ability to work independently; 
Demonstrated ability to adapt to changing office environments; 
Excellent proofreading skills and; 
Demonstrated ability to exercise appropriate judgment and initiative 
The successful candidate will exhibit uncompromising integrity and commitment to upholding corporate values, and the OPG Code of Business Conduct 
 These roles are paid between $41,000 and $49,000, depending job category. 
 WHY OPG? 
As Ontario’s largest clean energy generator, OPG offers an exciting combination of challenging opportunities and career diversity in a work environment where safety is a fundamental value. Being an OPG employee means you can apply your knowledge, broaden your skills and make a valuable contribution to an organization that is vital to Ontario's success. 
 At OPG, our values are our strengths. They are fundamental truths about our organization that don’t change. Safety. Integrity. Excellence. People and Citizenship. 
 Here 's why OPG might just be the ideal workplace for you: 
Exceptional range of opportunities province-wide 
Electricity is vital to the province 
If you are looking to learn from others and be part of something important, and you are excited about the future of power generation, you will find the right fit at OPG. 
 Our promise to you: 
We care about the safety and the well-being of our employees. It is our utmost priority. 
A supportive work environment where you can be your best every day. 
Opportunities to stretch and develop in our diverse lines of business. 
Provide spaces for innovative thinking and solutions, digital strategies such as electronic workflows, automation, and office mobility 
Offer different ways for you to give back to communities where we operate. 
We support employment equity and diversity. 
 APPLICATION PROCESS 
 Please submit your application online at https://jobs.opg.com/ by 11:59 PM E.S.T., November 24, 2019. OPG thanks all those who apply; however, only candidates considered for an interview will be contacted. 
 ACCOMMODATIONS 
 OPG is committed to fostering an inclusive, equitable, and accessible environment where all employees feel valued, respected, and supported. If you require accommodation during the application or interview process, please advise us as soon as possible so appropriate arrangements can be made. If you require information in a format that is accessible to you, please contact AODA@opg.com. 
 
 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
