
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Titan (S18) 
 Titan is the new BlackRock. We build, manage, and explain investment funds. 
 Product Designer 
 $80k - $150k • 0.00% - 0.20% 
 Location 
 New York, NY, USA / Remote 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 3+ years 
 About Titan 
 Titan is the new BlackRock. We build, manage, and explain investment funds. Anyone who would like Titan to invest their money can download our mobile app, link their bank, and transfer capital. We currently have two financial strategies (Large Cap and Small/Mid Cap US Equities) and will be launching more. We invest a lot of time to explain to our clients what's going on in real-time via in-app videos and other content. Users have described us as "a hedge fund manager in their pocket." 
 What Robinhood did to trading, we're aiming to do to actively-managed investing (think: mutual funds and hedge funds). 
 About the role 
 Titan is a world-class investment firm inside a mobile app, managing over $300 million in assets for 15,000+ clients. Our mission is to build the first premium investment manager for everyone. If Robinhood is the mass market solution, consider us the Apple of our category. 
 First, we invest our client's assets with a long-term, Warren Buffett-like philosophy. Second, we give them courtside seats with rich video, explaining everything. Imagine the ethos of an elite Wall Street firm democratized into a consumer mobile app...sandwich them together and you have Titan. 
 Loved by our clients, Titan won the Best Advisor award at the 2020 Benzinga Global Fintech Awards, has ranked #1 out of 60+ advisors 4x in a row, and was featured by Apple in 2020. Our investors (some of Silicon Valley's best) have told us we're one of the fastest growing consumer fintech businesses in this category ever. 
 To us, our team is everything. Together, we can make magic happen. If you're excited by our mission, we'd love to meet you. 
 Role Overview 
 We are looking for Titan's first Product Designer. Design is central to our mission as our goal is to create the best investing experience on the planet. We pride ourselves in rethinking established paradigms and building a UI/UX that our users will adore. Design matters to us. 
 We think this role is an exciting one as you'll have significant design latitude. You will take product features from ideation to production. You will spearhead vision setting, designing solutions, prototyping, bringing along cross-functional teams, overseeing implementation, and collaborating with other Titans (engineers, marketing, etc). As an early Titan employee, you will also participate in broader strategic decisions on product with the Titan leadership team. 
 Qualifications 
 Passion for designing incredible user experiences Outstanding UX ability, visual design and product thinking for mobile apps At least +3 years experience in full stack design Comfort with an iterative design process that includes accepting and acting on feedback 
 Bonus  A diverse design portfolio that showcases a deep understanding of human-centered interaction design and a strong design aesthetic Experience leading other designers, providing feedback and directing work Previous experience at a high-growth company or in a consumer-focused tech organization Familiarity with creating interactive prototypes Branding or other creative experiences 
 Technology 
 Titan uses Javascript from the DB (Mongo) all the way through to the client application (React Native). 
 Other jobs at Titan 
 Senior Full Stack Engineer 
 fulltime 
 New York, NY, USA / Remote 
 Full Stack 
 6+ years 
 Client Experience Associate 
 fulltime 
 New York, NY, USA / Remote 
 3+ years 
 Product Designer 
 fulltime 
 New York, NY, USA / Remote 
 UI / UX 
 $80k - $150k 
 0.00% - 0.20% 
 3+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
