Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Senior Android Developer 
 StormFree Cloud Corporation 
 __Vancouver, BC 
 Apply Now 
 We are StormFree 
 StormFree Cloud Corporation (StormFree) is constructing the future of cloud-driven enterprise services. Designed to enable businesses to regain control of their data without sacrificing security, the StormFree Platform provides highly-flexible integrations that support interoperability at all levels of infrastructure, while embracing the expandability of cloud computing. We empower companies to easily, effectively, and affordably deploy and manage technology services within their own ecosystem. 
 The StormFree team enjoys a strong and interactive remote working culture, with the benefit of a healthy commute-free lifestyle that helps promote work-life balance. Our teams are diligent, innovative, and optimally-sized to fit our SDLC and project management structure. Each team member provides a valuable voice and plays an important role in our mission to explore, leverage, and develop modern technology solutions. StormFree is a synergistic, skilled, and focused organization, captained by experienced leaders with long-term vision and comprehensive technical backgrounds. 
 To learn more about StormFree, please check our website at https://www.stormfree.cloud. 
 We Invite You 
 StormFree is looking for a Kotlin developer with strong Android application development experience to join our team.The Senior Android Developer shares knowledge with, and provides guidance to, the development team and plays a key role in delivering high quality products to licensees and end users. 
 As a member of our agile development team, you will use a test-driven approach for modern Android development. We are seeking a great communicator and team player who is passionate about technology, excited to be part of a fresh, enterprising venture, and has a solid track record of delivering results. 
 StormFree is a remote working environment that enables team members to be based anywhere in Canada provided they are Canadian residents and have a stable, high-speed internet connection. 
 Your Role 
As an Android Developer, you will: 
 
 work closely with Project Managers and development teams to deliver our high quality, secure product on schedule and within budget 
 create and deliver presentations to StormFree management and teams 
 work with continuous integration and automated deployment environments 
 focus on building and delivering high quality, secure, tested code 
 meet development timelines and quality thresholds 
 guide team members where you're the expert and accept some team leadership roles 
 develop and update various documentation, including but not limited to, development standards, feature estimates, and test scripts 
 embody the StormFree Way to help build and deliver quality products that meet or exceed the highest industry standards 
 embrace the remote work culture, building strong relationships with team members, managers, and stakeholders 
 engage with project managers to fulfill schedules and budget deliverables 
 contribute to and maintain project documentation, including estimates, procedures and plans 
 create and deliver presentations to StormFree teams, management, and stakeholders 
 
 Your Contribution 
Required skills include: 
 
 extensive (4+ years) of Android application development including: 
 core languages (e.g. Kotlin, Java, XML, Groovy/Gradle) 
 client-server (e.g. REST APIs, GRPC, JSON, Protobuf) 
 dependency injection (e.g. Dagger, Koin) 
 proficient in Mockito, JUnit, and Kotlin variants 
 experience with XML layouts and databinding including frameworks such as Conductor 
 adept at MVP or MVVM design pattern 
 experience analyzing, redesigning, and refactoring code 
 suggesting and debating model changes 
 version control experience with Git (GitHub, GitLab, etc ) 
 ability to identify and communicate both potential issues and opportunities 
 adept at considering problems from all angles and contributing effectively to solution options 
 adaptable in a fast paced, dynamic, and growing organization 
 proficient in creating and delivering presentations 
 effective in interfacing with both technical and non-technical audiences 
 ability to work independently and collaboratively in a team environment 
 strong written and oral English communication 
 
 Preferred skills include knowledge of: 
 
 a variety of software development methodologies, such as iterative prototyping, Agile 
 cryptography and cryptosystems (SKC, PKC, hashing, certificates) 
 
 Preferred education includes: 
 
 degree, preferably B.Sc. Engineering or Computer Science 
 diploma from a technical institution 
 relevant certifications from recognized training institutions 
 
 Your Work Environment 
Your work space must have a: 
 
 private work area, such as a rented space or a home office 
 stable, high-speed internet connection on a reliable network 
 computer with sufficient processing power to meet work commitments 
 office software suite for word processing, spreadsheets, and presentations 
 headset and camera for meetings 
 smartphone 
 
 Your Compensation 
 This is a contract role, working remotely. Compensation, is based on experience and performance. 
 Thank You 
 We thank you for your interest in working with StormFree. You will be contacted if you are selected to move forward with the next step in our process. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Contract 
 Experience: 
 
 Android Development: 3 years (Preferred) 
 MVP or MVVM design pattern: 2 years (Required) 
 Java: 4 years (Preferred) 
 client-server (e.g. REST APIs, GRPC, JSON, Protobuf): 2 years (Required) 
 Kotlin: 3 years (Required) 
 
 Education: 
 
 Bachelor's Degree (Preferred) 
 
 Location: 
 
 Vancouver, BC (Preferred) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
