  
 Menu Bar 
 
 __ 
 
 Go 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Job Search 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 New Graduates 
 Job Sites & Resources 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 
 
 Networking 
 
 Networking Tips 
 Networking Etiquette 
 Networking Events 
 Social Media & Online Networking 
 Elevator Speech 
 Informational Interviews 
 Networking Mistakes 
 FAQ About Networking 
 
 
 
 Cover Letter 
 
 Cover Letter Tips 
 Cover Letter Format 
 Cover Letter Samples 
 Cover Letter Mistakes 
 FAQ About Cover Letter Writing 
 
 
 
 Resume 
 
 Resume Tips 
 Resume Format 
 Resume Template 
 Resume Samples 
 Customizing Your Resume 
 Resume Formatting 
 Ideas & Alternatives 
 Resume Mistakes 
 Resume Writers 
 FAQ About Resume Writing 
 
 
 
 Interview 
 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Questions 
 Interview Skills 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Mistakes 
 Follow Up Interview Email 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Career Advancement 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 Continuing Education 
 Productivity 
 Work Relationships 
 Work Environment 
 Work Life Balance 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 
 Go 
 
  Home   
  Interview   
  Interview Tips   
 When to Schedule a Job Interview 
 
 When to Schedule a Job Interview 
 by Sharon Elber 
 Congratulations! You have made the short list of candidates that have moved from the  application stage  to the  interview stage . That dream job is one step closer! 
 The next question most people ask is: “What is the best time to schedule the job interview?” 
 This article will give you the most important, research backed tips to make that decision. 
 1) Try to Assess the Interview Window 
 One of the most important bits of information that can help you pick the best time to schedule an interview is to find out the timeframe for the  interview process . 
 Sometimes you will be given this information with the original contact to assess your availability. For example, you may be sent an email listing 10 different time slots over the course of the next week. 
 In other cases, you may be able to politely probe to get this valuable insight. Make sure that your inquiry is courteous and only comes after you have properly thanked the HR representative for the opportunity to interview. For example: 
 
 Thank you for the opportunity to interview with XYZ. I look forward to meeting the team and showcasing my skills, talents and experience relative to this position. I have some potential scheduling conflicts in the coming week. Are you able to share the range of dates and/or times available for appointments? 
 
 Generally speaking, interviewing closer to the end of the window boosts your chances of being fresh on the interviewer’s mind when the actual hiring decisions are made. It is one way to be sure you are making the most impact with your face-to-face time with prospective employers. 
 2) Best Days of the Week to Interview 
 The main tip when it comes to the optimal day of the week is to simply avoid scheduling an interview on Monday or Friday whenever possible. 
 Monday is usually a big day for readjusting to the work routine and catching up on email and other correspondence that has been ignored over the weekend. While it might seem like scheduling for Monday morning might make you look highly motivated, that is unlikely to be the kind of impression that is going to stick through the hiring process and make an impact in the final decision. 
 Fridays, on the other hand, can be a time when people are distracted with the upcoming fun activities they may have scheduled for the weekend. You won’t be the center of attention if the folks on the interview team are daydreaming about an upcoming kayak trip or mentally planning a family reunion while you talk about your experiences in graduate school. 
 In addition to giving weekends some clearance, avoid scheduling the day before or the day after a holiday. The same kinds of concerns about people not being at their most focused will apply here as well. 
 3) Best Time of Day for a Job Interview 
 Have you ever noticed that you are able to see people in the most positive light when your own state-of-mind is at its best? If you are hungry or tired, however, you are more likely to be irritated by the little things. 
 Neuroscience has  demonstrated  that our mood is known to have an effect on our perceptions of others. Armed with this knowledge, choosing the right time of day for an interview may come down to avoiding the worst times to schedule this important meeting. 
 Ideally, you want to meet the interview team when they are likely to be feeling the most focused, productive and engaged. That way, you are making the most of your interview by selecting a time most likely to be associated with these elevated mood states. 
 While you may not be able to have full control over the time your interview is scheduled, it might be helpful to rule out a few appointments if you are offered one of several available time slots. 
 Times of day to avoid include: 
 
 First thing in the morning:  Give the interview team a chance to have their morning coffee and start working towards their optimal productivity zone, generally an hour or so after the work day has started. 
 Right before lunch:  There is a term for it:  “hangry.”  You don’t want to be the target of munchie madness by being interviewed right before lunch hour. 
 Right after lunch:  A big meal at lunch can trigger  afternoon sleepiness  thanks to the extra energy that digestion uses up as well as several hormonal responses that can be triggered by a large meal. If you don’t want the interview team to be on the verge of napping during your job talk, avoid this time of day. 
 Before the end of day:  The end of the day can be a time of anxiousness and distractions as people begin to transition to their after-work activities. Looking forward to going to the kid’s baseball game or meeting a new romantic interest for dinner can be stiff competition for grabbing the attention of interviewer(s). 
 
 Finally,  research  has shown that the evaluations that interviewers make may become more negative as they progress through several interviews in a day. 
 The reason is that people seem to be reluctant to give multiple very positive reviews of attributes over and over. Since all of the candidates that make it to the interview stage are likely to have significant strengths, this can result in deflated relative scores for subsequent interviewees. 
 If you know the available time slots when interviews will be taking place, it is important to avoid being near the end of a long day of back-to-back interviews. 
 4) Know Thyself 
 While the previous interview scheduling tips are focused on trying to hit the most likely sweet spot for the interview team, this one is all about your optimal performance zone. While it should not be the only factor you consider, give yourself room to be thoughtful about your best time of day or day of the week. 
 For example, are you a morning person that feels sharper and more charismatic after that first cup of coffee and before the day gets long? Or, do you really only hit your stride after 2PM, sometimes preferring to work late because of the boost of afternoon productivity you experience? 
 Likewise, if the interview window overlaps with a large project you are working on, scheduling after the big deadline might make a major difference in terms of the amount of preparation and focus you can bring to the table for the job talk. 
 If you know yourself enough to realize you have a clear best time of day or day of the week, that might be an overriding factor to weigh when deciding on what time to schedule a job interview. 
 5) When Doesn’t Compare to What 
 If you do your best to schedule the optimal time for the job interview, but still get stuck with a Friday afternoon appointment, don’t let that get under your skin. After all,  what  you bring to the table is much more important than  when  you have the chance to strut your stuff. 
 Having the right professional qualifications, a positive attitude, and plenty of preparation is still the most likely way to  shine in any job interview . Those are all aspects of the hiring process you have control over, so make the most of them! 
 Interview Center 
 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Questions 
 Interview Skills 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Mistakes 
 Follow Up Interview Email 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 Recommended Articles 
 
 Job Interviews: More Success Secrets You Really Need to Know  
 Employment Interviewing: The Winning Strategy  
 Five Tips to Improve Your Job Interview  
 10 Body Language Errors to Avoid at Your Next Job Interview  
 Communication Strategies for Women in the Job Interview  
 10 Tips to Set Up a Great Mock Interview  
 Ask Insightful Questions at the Job Interview Using the Gravitas Model  
 
 FAQ 
 
 What Questions to Ask During a Job Interview? 
 What to Wear for a Job Interview? 
 How to Answer Interview Questions? 
 How to Ask for Feedback When You Did Not Land the Job? 
 What Your Non-Verbal Communication Says About You and How to Fix It? 
 How to Make a Good Impression (Visually)? 
 How to Prepare for a Phone Interview? 
 What Is an Informal Interview and How to Approach It? 
 
 Interview Center 
 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Questions 
 Interview Skills 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Mistakes 
 Follow Up Interview Email 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 Become a Contributor 
 We are always on the lookout for good writers. If you are a resume writer, career coach or human resources professional and would like to contribute, please  get in touch  and earn your badge! 
 
 WorkBloom's goal is to help you find work and reach your highest aspirations, one step at a time. 
 Featured Resources 
 
 Resume Writing 101  __ 
 Over 300 Resume Samples  __ 
 Cover Letter Writing 101  __ 
 Over 200 Cover Letter Samples  __ 
 The Holland Codes / RIASEC  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Job Search Center  __ 
 Networking Center  __ 
 Cover Letter Center  __ 
 Resume Center  __ 
 Interview Center  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Career Center  __ 
 Students & New Graduates Center  __ 
 Contributors  __ 
 Contact Us  __ 
 
 Copyright © 2006-2020 | All Rights Reserved |  Privacy Policy 
 × 
 Send 
