Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Research Assistant for Dr. Archer 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Schedule up to 20 hours per week 
Education Level Completed a relevant post-secondary degree 
Salary $21.00/ hour 
 Job Description 
 Department, Unit or Project Description 
 
 This is a part-time position requiring up to twenty hours a week, with time off for statutory holidays and weekends 
 You will be under the direction of the CEO of EC Innovations Inc. (ECI) as you work in the Vascular Outpatient Clinic at Hamilton General Hospital, in cooperation with the project team including the Project Manager, the Operations Manager and the Nudging Support Expert. You will be working with outpatients with Peripheral Arterial Disease (PAD) that attend the clinic, after they complete appointments with their physicians 
 Your main responsibility will be to recruit outpatients with PAD to participate in a clinical trial of an online system called MyPADMGT, including the following: 
 
 o Provide information and discuss the trial with all outpatients who agree to participate 
o Collect certain personal information from the participants and enter it online in a secure database 
o Give randomly selected two-thirds of the participants automatic blood pressure monitors and sign them up with loan agreements for computer tablets that will help them to access MyPADMGT 
o Assign identifying codes to these participants that will help maintain their privacy online 
o Train participants in the use of the equipment and how to enter and retrieve data about their personal health-related activities throughout the 12 months they will be associated with the trial 
o Administer three short computer-based questionnaires to participants and ensure that the results are saved in a secure online database 
o Ensure that equipment brought to the hospital to provide to outpatients is safeguarded in a secure place at all times, including times when you are not working with outpatients 
o Track location of computer tablets on ECI Asset Inventory management documents 
 
 Any other work activities that will contribute to the ongoing successful participation of PAD outpatients in the MyPADMGT project 
 Liaise with the Vascular Clinic Staff Person in maintaining a friendly and cooperative environment. Keep open communication with this person at all times 
 Liaise with the onsite Vascular Clinic Research Person to ensure the highest standards of Research Practice are maintained in terms of privacy, confidentiality and professional practice 
 Attend team and study meetings and provide regular reports to the project team as required 
 If you have not already qualified for TCPS 2 or equivalent ethical certification you will be required to complete the required training before entering this position. 
 
 Job Summary 
Provide research support for faculty members in their teaching, research and laboratory activities. Work is performed independently, with the availability of direction and guidance from Research Staff or Manager. 
 1. Adhering to established research methodology, gather and compile data for the research study or project. 
2. Modify and adapt research methods, techniques or procedures, based on deviations in experimental results. 
3. Record, classify, and summarize research data according to established procedures. 
4. Conduct structured participant interviews and focus groups. 
5. Carry out intermediate level statistical analyses. 
6. Contribute to the preparation of data for reports, journal articles, papers, etc. 
7. Conduct literature reviews and synthesize findings. 
8. Perform other related tasks as outlined by the researcher. 
 Qualifications 
 Education:  Completed a relevant post-secondary degree. 
 Experience:  Minimum of 6 months of related experience in a research environment. 
 Working Conditions 
Typical office environment 
Work performed under general guidance and direction 
 Exclusions 
Do not participate in the development of operations documents, promotional strategies or related materials. 
Do not provide training sessions to project personnel. 
Do not exercise budget controls, monitor or reconcile accounts. 
Do not demonstrate or train others on experimental techniques or on the operation of laboratory equipment. 
 Assets 
Significant experience working as a research assistant in a hospital environment. 
 How To Apply 
 To apply for this job, please submit your application online. 
 Thank you for your interest, however only those selected will be contacted. 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and within the lands protected by the “Dish With One Spoon” wampum agreement. 
 The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. 
 The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity and inclusion, who will contribute to the diversification of ideas and perspectives, and especially welcomes applications from indigenous (First Nations, Métis or Inuit) peoples, members of racialized communities, persons with disabilities, women, and persons who identify as 2SLGBTQ+. 
 As part of McMaster’s commitment, all applicants are invited to complete a confidential Applicant Diversity Survey through the online application submission process. The Survey questionnaire requests voluntary self-identification in relation to equity-seeking groups that have historically faced and continue to face barriers in employment. Please refer to the Applicant Diversity Survey - Statement of Collection for additional information. 
 Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact: 
 Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247), or 
Faculty of Health Sciences HR Office at ext. 22207, or 
School of Graduate Studies at ext. 23679 
 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
