UNEMPLOYED IN TYNE & WEAR 
 Knowledge is power - spread it around 
 
 About UITW 
 CONTACT 
 
 Tagged: Jobcentre personal adviser 
 January 14, 2014 
  Jobseeker's Agreement Fun & Games (Part 2)  
 So there I am with an invitation to attend an interview with a Jobcentre personal adviser as part  Post Work Programme Support  (PWPS). 
 " Now you have completed your time on the Work Programme" _ I am informed, _ "your personal adviser will assess the support you will need, based on your needs and skills, to help you find work and stay in suitable work." 
 Readers may wonder what the hell the point of the previous two years of Work Programme (WP) had been, if not to  " assess the support you will need, based on your needs and skills, to help you find work and stay in suitable work."  Apart, obviously, from making money for a bunch of private companies (  Ingeus  in my case) who couldn't organize a piss-up in a brewery. 
 Anyhow, off I trot to the Jobcentre. I always think it's a good idea to play it cool on these initial interviews, let them take the lead. There are good reasons for keeping your powder dry during these early encounters. For one thing, you might be lucky enough to have drawn a decent human being as your adviser - it  can  happen. 
 My previous Jobseeker's Agreement (JSAg) had been drawn up prior to my starting WP by one such decent adviser, who listened to my points, agreed they were fair enough and we quickly put together a JSAg we could both live with. Everyone was happy, no conflict or stress. 
 Thinking about it, I realised that I hadn't seen him around the jobcentre for some considerable time, so perhaps he was sacked for not sanctioning enough people, or perhaps quit in disgust at the way things were going. He was a gentleman, and there are all too few of them in the DWP. 
 So, as I say - hold back at first, see which way the cookie crumbles. If your adviser is a wrong 'un, they'll think you're another subservient sanction-fodder and will start to take liberties. Give them enough rope now and later you'll be able to, if not exactly lynch them, at least give them some severe rope-burns to remember you by. 
 So I sat and watched him instantly tear into my existing JSAg, took notes and laid my plans accordingly. 
 He didn't like anything about it, starting with the three  " types of job I am looking for".  Now this bit always annoys me - we're constantly being told that we must be flexible, willing to consider all types of jobs, etc… then they demand that you limit yourself to three ! Where's the logic ? I always point this out to the adviser, then put three jobs I have done and feel confident that, if I should get an interview for one tomorrow, I could go along, walk the walk, talk the talk and generally appear to actually know something about the job. 
 Not good enough for this guy, though. He immediately erased one of my choices and replaced it with 'Assembly'. I pointed out (meekly, still playing that role) that I had no prior experience of assembly work and indeed wasn't even quite sure what it entails. Not important, apparently. He wanted Assembly on there, and that was that. 
 At this point it might be useful to refer back to an article in the  Guardian  a couple of years ago in which a DWP whistleblower lifted the lid on some of the tricks advisers use to sanction people. In particular - 
 He said staff had different ways to ensure they could stop benefits for a set amount of people.  " So, for example, if you want someone to diversify – they're an electrician or a plumber, they may not want to go into call centres or something. What you do is keep promoting such and such a job, and you pressure them into taking it off you, the piece of paper. Then in two weeks you look at the system, you ask them if they applied for it … they say no – you stop their money for six months   .  " 
 I think that was what this adviser was up to. (Read whole Guardian article here -  http://www.theguardian.com/politics/2011/apr/01/jobcentres-tricking-people-benefit-sanctions   ) 
 Of course, the joke is that my CV is probably one of the most diverse you'll find anywhere. Starting with A for Archaeology and working through the alphabet to W for Warehouse (my dream job would be in a zoo, so I could really claim an A-Z of job titles) - although it should be pointed out that  at no time  did this adviser enquire about previous experience or ask to see my CV. I might well be able to work in assembly (whatever it is) for all I know, and I'm not ruling it out you understand - but replacing a job I have a track record record in with one I know nothing about, well it just doesn't seem to make any sense, does it ? 
 Except, of course, as an instrument of sanction. 
 And so it continued - he went his merry way, changing just about everything, ticking boxes, all with no discussion with me. I sat back and watched him have his fun. 
 Then it was my turn. He printed off two copies of the revised JSAg signed them, then gave them to me to sign. I took a minute or two to read through it, then said: 
 " No, sorry, I can't sign these." 
 Wonderful ! You'd have thought I'd just punched him in the face (something I had admittedly been thinking about while watching him deconstruct my JSAg). I think these bullying individuals have become so used to pushing through these dodgy JSAgs that it comes as something as a shock when somebody tells them  " no" . Playing the meek role encourages them to over-reach themselves, as they feel there's nothing to stop them. 
 The interview time was just about up by now and his next victim was waiting, and so, after a bit of huffing and puffing he said we'd have to continue this at our next meeting. 
 _ "Fine,"_ I said,  " Look forward to it" . He looked less than enthralled at the prospect. 
 As I was walking away I remembered something, so turned back. 
 " I assume that my original JSAg is still in force ?" 
 He didn't seem sure, but then decided  " No, as you haven't signed the new one, you have no JSAg at the moment." 
 Hah ! Caught you in a lie ! 
 In fact, until such a time as a new JSAg is signed by both parties, the old one remains in operation. It's worth remembering that, and asking them the same question. If they tell you no, then that's something to note down for use in a future appeal. 
 To be continued… 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Email 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Written by  untynewear   1 Comment  Posted in  Jobseeker's Agreement  Tagged with  "types of job I am looking for". ,  Archaeology ,  assembly ,  call centres ,  cookie crumbles ,  couldn't organize a piss-up in a brewery. ,  CV ,  decent human being ,  Department for Work & Pensions ,  DWP ,  DWP whistleblower ,  electrician ,  Give them enough rope ,  Guardian ,  Ingeus ,  instrument of sanction ,  interview ,  Jobcentre ,  Jobcentre personal adviser ,  Jobseeker's Agreement ,  Jobseekers agreement ,  JSAg ,  keeping your powder dry ,  lynch ,  personal adviser ,  plumber ,  Post Work Programme Support ,  PWPS ,  sanction ,  sanctioning ,  stop benefits ,  talk the talk ,  Unemployed In Tyne & Wear ,  walk the walk ,  warehouse ,  whistleblower ,  Work Programme ,  WP ,  wrong 'un ,  zoo 
 Recent Posts 
 
 North Star Bulletin - 13 July 2015 
 North Star Bulletin - 11 July 2015 
 North Star Bulletin - 10 July 2015 
 North Star Bulletin - 09 July 2015 
 North Star Bulletin - 08 July 2015 
 North Star Bulletin : 07 July 2015 
 North Star Bulletin - 06 July 2015 
 North Star Bulletin 05 July 2015 
 Scotswood community garden celebrates its 20th anniversary 
 Northern Rail workers vote to go on strike in row over jobs 
 
 Categories 
 
 All In It Together  (122) 
 Cuts & More Cuts  (164) 
 Desperate Times  (205) 
 Events / Actions  (143) 
 Fight Back  (32) 
 Food / Clothing Banks  (88) 
 General Election 2015  (157) 
 Health  (114) 
 History  (40) 
 Housing  (136) 
 Industrial Action  (35) 
 Jobseeker's Agreement  (7) 
 Loan Sharks  (28) 
 Miscellaneous  (96) 
 Music & Words  (27) 
 Outsourcing  (18) 
 Political  (309) 
 Poverty Crime  (23) 
 Poverty Porn  (24) 
 Public Transport  (34) 
 Right Wing & Other Loonies  (71) 
 Sanctions  (126) 
 Unemployment  (154) 
 Universal Credit  (55) 
 Universal Jobmatch  (10) 
 Welfare  (114) 
 Work Programme & Beyond  (28) 
 Workfare  (64) 
 
 LINKS 
 
 Big Brother Watch 
 Boycott Workfare 
 Consumer Action Group Forums 
 Glynis Millward 
 Hope Not Hate 
 Jayne Linney 
 Keep Volunteering Voluntary 
 Loonwatch 
 Malice In Sunderland 
 Mentally Wealthy 
 National Secular Society 
 North Star Forum 
 Republic (anti-monarchy) 
 SchNEWS 
 Spirit Of Place 
 Sunderland Echoes 
 The Learning Professor 
 The Void 
 Turn2us 
 urban75 Forums 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
