WorkInRetail - the #1 site for Retail jobs.  - Your Source for Finance Jobs 
 At a glance 
 Location:  US-TX-SEABROOK 
 Posted:  1/6/2021 
 Closing:  2/5/2021 
 Degree:  High School 
 Employment Type:  Full-Time 
 Experience:  Not Specified 
 BANKING CENTER TELLER III - SEABROOK 
 Moody Bank 
 To apply, visit:  https://www.workinretail.com/jobs/BANKING-CENTER-TELLER-III---SEABROOK/J3S80478XBW6SDFBPMH 
 Job description 
 Moody National Bank provides excellent employment opportunities for individuals seeking to team up with a solid leader of financial services for the communities we serve. If you have an interest in joining a stable, competitively advantaged banking team you should consider Moody National Bank. 
 ** Bank Teller III  **for our full-service banking centers –  LOCATED IN THE, SEABROOK BANKING CENTER, JOB (#30-20) 
 All correspondence must refer to a specific job number 
 Bank Teller III will provide customer service in a friendly and courteous manner with a professional attitude and appearance. To accurately and efficiently process and record routine transactions for bank customers including cashing checks, accepting deposits and withdrawals, processing loan payments and money transfers and new accounts. Excellent customer service skills with cross-training in other aspects of bank services, procedures and products as well as customer responsibilities. 
 Duties and Responsibilities: 
 
 Serve customers; walk-in and drive-in in a courteous and professional manner by processing a variety of transactions; deposits, withdrawals, checks, money orders, traveler’s checks, selling and redeeming bonds; ensures all necessary information is in place prior to completing transactions. 
 Attract new customer relationships; return and expand existing customer relationships; initiate referrals and cross-sell bank products and services as set by bank management. 
 Answer inquiries regarding checking and savings accounts and other bank related products. 
 Record all transactions promptly, accurately and in compliance with bank procedures. 
 Assist and/or support other banking centers when needed. 
 Follow bank policy and procedures. 
 Process commercial bags, mail-in deposits and night drop. 
 Balance cash and checks in cash drawer at end of each shift. 
 Verify all strapped money from money shipment and/or customer deposits 
 Prepare currency transaction reports on large transactions over $10,000. 
 Perform other duties as assigned by management 
 
 Job requirements 
 Education: High school diploma or equivalent - Banking courses and/or related studies. 
 Minimum Experience: 6 months - 1-year banking and/or related background. 
 Skills and Abilities: Some clerical, cash handling, sales, administrative, or customer service experience preferred. A high level of interpersonal skills necessary to represent the bank in a positive manner in dealing with customer/teller transactions. Excellent communication and customer service skills. Accuracy and attention to detail. The ability to promote and offer advice on the bank’s products and services. 
 Moody Bank offers a benefit package that includes: Medical, Life, Dental and Vision insurance; 401k Plan; Vacation and Sick leave benefits and more. 
 Due to the high volume of interest, the Bank does not respond to the submission of every resume. 
 In addition   , submission of your resume to this website does not constitute the completion of an Employment Application. 
 The Bank requires completion of an MNB employment application for each position opening. Individuals who the Bank determines to be the best qualified for the position openings are contacted to begin the application process. 
 
 Moody Bank is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. 
 To apply, visit:  https://www.workinretail.com/jobs/BANKING-CENTER-TELLER-III---SEABROOK/J3S80478XBW6SDFBPMH 
