Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Customer Service Assistant 
 The Bedroom Furniture Galleries 
 __Cranbrook, BC 
 Apply Now 
 The Bedroom Furniture Galleries is currently looking for a  Customer Service Representative  who is focused on delivering a world class customer service experience to our valued customers. As a locally owned and operated business, exceptional customer service is a vital part of our culture and reputation. 
 See why we love what we do. We offer: 
 
 A service structure that is customer-centric backed up by a great management team 
 Ongoing training and development to ensure your success 
 Market competitive wages & Profit sharing 
 Comprehensive benefits plan and excellent employee discounts 
 Flexible schedule 
 
 As a Customer Service Representative you will: 
 
 Assess customer service situations and create customer service tickets in our POS system 
 Communicate with customers on the phone, through e-mail and our messaging system 
 Contact and co-ordinate parts, credits and returns with our suppliers 
 Set up repairs with our delivery team and our technicians 
 Communicate regularly with customers to ensure they know where we are at in the process 
 Always keep the customers’ best interest in mind 
 
 As a successful candidate you will have the following  : 
 
 2-5 years of experience in a customer service or hospitality environment 
 Good working knowledge of MS Office products. 
 Excellent communication and interpersonal skills 
 Able to handle difficult situations diplomatically and professionally 
 
 Our collaborative approach ensures a helpful, positive environment and maintains a high standard of customer service excellence. We are confident you will enjoy working with us. 
 Part-time hours: 25 per week 
 Job Types: Part-time, Permanent 
 Salary: $15.00-$18.00 per hour 
 Additional pay: 
 
 Bonus pay 
 
 Benefits: 
 
 Disability insurance 
 Flexible schedule 
 Life insurance 
 On-site parking 
 Profit sharing 
 Store discount 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 Monday to Friday 
 Weekends 
 
 COVID-19 considerations: 
COVID 19 protocols are in place. At staff are required to sanitize hands before entering the warehouse. Customers are not allowed into any of the staff areas. We are sanitizing door handles, work stations, and bathrooms regularly. 
 Experience: 
 
 customer service: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Education: 
 
 Secondary School (Required) 
 
 Language: 
 
 English (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
