Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Capital Markets Business System Analyst 
 CIBC 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 We’re building a relationship-oriented bank for the modern world. We need talented, passionate professionals who are dedicated to doing what’s right for our clients. 
 At CIBC, we embrace your strengths and your ambitions so you feel empowered at work. Our team members have what they need to make a meaningful impact and feel truly valued for who they are and what they contribute. 
 To learn more about CIBC, please visit CIBC.com 
 Job Description 
 What You’ll Be Doing 
 You’ll will be part of complex projects to design strategic solutions aligned to CIBC’s enterprise architecture roadmap. As a Business Analyst within Capital Market’s Regulatory Reporting Technology Group, you’ll develop the skills and experience to oversee collaborative end-to-end project implementation, support and monitor applications and manage issue resolution, and act as a subject matter expert in both business and technology following values, principles and practices of Agile/Scrum delivery. 
 How You’ll Succeed 
 Understanding and Documenting Requirements - Work closely with business partners to gather complex business requirements and facilitate solution design discussions to ensure you meet project needs. Build strong relationships, lead discussions, listen and ask the right questions to ensure solutions meet requirements. 
Solution Design & Support - Participate in ideation as an Agile scrum team member and collaborate with a diverse team to create and build flexible, innovative solutions that deliver a best in class client experience. Support and monitor applications and manage issue resolution. Prepare and validate solution design documents around areas such as scope clarification, solution requirements, and quality assurance. 
Communication and Relationships - Build strong relationships and partnerships with technical team members, business team and peers. Demonstrate very strong communication skills, both written and verbal. 
 Who You Are 
 You can demonstrate experience with 2 years + as a Business Systems Analyst participating in projects and designing solutions (although recent Graduates with relevant co-op/intern experience are welcome to apply). You should possess strong analytical skills with ability to read regulatory documentation and interpret in terms of system requirements. You should possess effective communication skills (recognizing that verbal and non-verbal communication is more than just language - it includes tone, style and structure) and be a team player. Ideally, you have strong technical skills in SQL, Excel, Data analysis (utilizing Tableau/Cognos or similar) and System analysis. We’re looking for someone hungry and eager to solve problems, and demonstrate independent resourcefulness as well as recognizing when to seek guidance. It’s an asset if : You have fair knowledge of Capital Markets business with understanding of various asset classes, products, trade lifecycle. 
You have a degree/diploma in Business, Technology and/or a related field. It’s an asset if: You have CFA or CSC certification. 
You put our clients first. You engage with purpose to find the right solutions. You go the extra mile, because it’s the right thing to do. 
You give meaning to data. You enjoy investigating complex problems and making sense of information. You're confident in your ability to communicate detailed information in an impactful way. 
Your influence makes an impact. You know that relationships and networks are essential to success. You inspire outcomes by making yourself heard. 
Values matter to you . You bring your real self to work and you live our values - trust, teamwork, and accountability. 
 
 This role will require you to carry a pager and provide some after-hours support. 
 
 What CIBC Offers 
 At CIBC, our people are our greatest asset. You’ll become part of a diverse community that acknowledges everyone’s unique talents and empowers teams to do what’s right for the client, and to do it well. As part of our team, you will: 
 Thrive:  Benefit from an open and approachable culture that provides the flexibility and support you need to integrate your life at work and at home 
 Connect :  Work in a place where the right technology and infrastructure fosters innovation, collaboration and creativity 
 Develop:  Grow your skills and career through our best-in-class onboarding experience, ongoing learning opportunities, and individual development planning 
 Prosper:  Share in our collective success with a competitive salary, incentive pay, banking benefits, health benefits program, and employee share purchase plan 
 What You Need to Know 
 CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation during the application or interview process, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com 
You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
 Job Location 
 Toronto-22 Front St., 13th 
 Employment Type 
 Regular 
 Weekly Hours 
 37.5 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
