Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Media Finance Co-op 
 Loblaw Companies Limited 
 __Brampton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
1 Presidents Choice Circle, Brampton, Ontario, L6Y 5S5 
 The decision to join a company is a big one. We have opportunities for hard working, energetic and reliable people just like you. 
 Why is this role important? 
 The decision to join a company is a big one. We have opportunities for hard working, energetic and reliable people just like you. 
 The Opportunity: 
Job Responsibilities 
 Process monthly reconciliations related to accounts payable and accounts receivable invoices 
Work with various stakeholders and users of media vendor platforms to ensure financial accuracy 
Assist with the financial reporting and forecasting function for the Loblaw Media businesses. 
Review data for accuracy and provide explanations for discrepancies. 
Perform period actual reporting, with responsibilities including preparing data for periodic financial reporting. 
Support for ad-hoc business analysis as needed (including P&L and profitability analysis) 
Develop and implement process improvements for the Loblaw Media business. 
Audit process workflows and identify gaps to develop and implement solutions 
Support business controls by creating documentation of financial processes and forming a knowledge 
 Required Skills: Job Qualifications: 
Strong time management and inter communications skills to balance work across various departments 
Technical proficiency with MS Office (Word, PowerPoint, Outlook); 
Advanced Excel skills (i.e. Pivot Tables, VLOOKUPs, etc.); 
Strong analytical skills and problem solving skills; 
Able to grasp and translate technical concepts, to think independently, and to take initiative required to resolve issues; 
Strong organizational skills; 
Able to participate in multiple projects and prioritize work in order to meet deadlines; 
Ability to interact with people at various levels of the business; 
Proven ability to multitask and prioritize conflicting workloads and deliverables. 
Able to work in a fast pace environment, completing tasks for different areas 
 What You 'll Need: 
Strong analytical skills with an ability to think outside the box 
Advanced Microsoft Office skills, ideal candidate will also have exposure / competency using analytics tools such as SQL, R or Tableau Core Competencies: 
Enthusiastic learner with demonstrated ability to thrive in a fast-paced changing work environment 
Proactive individual with the ability to effectively manage various projects simultaneously to strict deadlines 
Demonstrated ability to collaborate with other functions and build strong working relationships 
Strong degree of ownership and accountability with high attention to detail 
Excellent written and verbal communication skills 
 At Loblaw, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, then we look forward to receiving your application! 
 How You’ll Succeed: 
At Loblaw, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Employment Type: 
Full time 
 Type of Role: 
Co-op (Fixed Term) (inactive) 
 Type of Contract: 
Loblaw recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. 
 Please Note:  If you have Employee Self Service (ESS) on Workday, apply to this job via the Workday application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
