Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 10 Tips to Save Time & Do More 
 Mike Martin    13th October    Freelance   1 Comment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=10%20Tips%20to%20Save%20Time%20%26%20Do%20More%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fyour-job%2Fmanaging-time%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 The great Management guru  Peter Drucker  once said: 
 _“Time is the scarcest resource of the manager; 
_ if it is not managed, nothing else can be managed.” 
 If this is true for managers, then it must be true for the rest of us as well. 
 So how can we make the best use of this valuable resource? 
 Here are 10 ways to better  manage your time  at work. 
 1. Figure Out Where Your Time Goes 
 In order to better manage your time, you first need to know where you are currently spending it. Get a journal or notebook, and  keep track  of your work day for a week. 
 It doesn’t need to be detailed — just the highlights and major activities. You might be surprised at how much time you spend on unproductive activities. 
 2. Drop Time Wasters 
 When you review your weekly time log, you can see not only where you spend your time, but where a lot of it is currently being  wasted . 
 How many  meetings  did you go to last week? Did you really need to be at all of them? How much time did you spend working on somebody else’s emergency? 
 Remember, an emergency is when the building is on fire. Everything else is just important stuff. How important is it to you? 
 3. Start Your Day Off Right 
 Have a plan for how you would like to spend your time during the day, and review that  plan  before you start work in the morning. You may have to adjust along the way, but going in without a plan is like a quarterback without a play to call in football. 
 Without a plan for the day, other people and things will come up and you will find yourself following rather than  leading . You will soon lose track of your plan for the day and your time. 
 4. Make Time for Interruptions 
 The smartest managers understand that their plans for the day will often be interrupted by  problems  and situations that they didn’t plan on. 
 Instead of constantly being dragged around by emerging and unexpected problems, they build some time into their day to be available to deal with them. 
 They don’t just jump up and leave their current work when these situations arise — they keep them waiting at the side of their desk until they have time, which they have  scheduled , to deal with them. 
 5. Schedule Some Time for Yourself 
 In addition to scheduling some time for  interruptions,  it’s not a bad idea to schedule some time for yourself during the work day. 
 You will need a little time in the morning to plan your day, and you might need 30 minutes halfway through to check in with your own plan and  priorities . If you do not put this time in your book, then it will not be available when you need it. Give yourself a little time to think and breathe. 
 6. Block Out Distractions 
 We all have things that we do that are time-wasters and  distractions . We can easily limit playing computer games or checking our Facebook account. But sometimes we also need to shut off the outside world in order to focus in on the task at hand. 
 That’s not easy to do in a large office with cubicles and constant email and telephone calls. But we can put our phone on hold and minimize our inbox if we need an hour to  finish  an important project. 
 7. Set Priorities and Goals 
 In order to maximize our time at work, we also need to have priorities and goals for our work. Setting priorities and writing them down first thing in the morning as part of our plan will help us stay focused on what is really important. 
 Having  goals  will allow us to see on a daily, weekly and longer-term basis how well we are doing in achieving our priorities. 
 8. Organize Your Time 
 If you take a little bit of time at the front end to organize your time, you just might find that you spend it more wisely throughout your working day. 
 There are hundreds of  time management tools  that can be effective. Appointment books and schedulers work. To-do and not to-do lists can also help. 
 Look for the most organized person in your office and ask them what they do and what time-management techniques and suggestions they can offer you to become a better time manager. 
 9. Stick to the Routine 
 We are creatures of  habit , and this is just as true at work as it is with the other parts of our lives. 
 Starting and ending each day at roughly the same time is something we are all relatively good at, but smart time users have a routine they carry out during all the hours in between as well. 
 Find a schedule and  routine  that seems to work well for you, and then stick with it. You may get knocked off from time to time, but you will also be improving your time management on a regular and consistent basis. 
 10. Don’t Just Wait 
 It is almost impossible to avoid waiting for someone or something. It seems like we are always on hold or stuck in traffic or waiting for the next event to start. 
 Instead of just waiting for that  meeting  to begin, bring your priority list with you and check in to see how you are doing. Or return a few phone calls on your hands-free device while you’re on your way home. 
 Always have a blank piece of paper or a notebook with you, just in case you have to wait. 
 -- 
 Everyone approaches time management differently. What are some of your tips? 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 distractions (43) 
 
 
 managing time (1) 
 
 
 planning (45) 
 
 
 Productivity (212) 
 
 
 time management (114) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Mike Martin  |  Website  |  Other Articles 
 Mike Martin is a freelance writer and consultant specializing in workplace wellness and conflict resolution. He is the author of  Change the Things You Can  (Dealing with Difficult People). For more information about Mike please visit:  Change the Things You Can 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     How to Stay Alert & Refreshed: 6 Ways  
  _ _     How to Discuss Salary with Coworkers  
  _ _     Keep the Flu Away This Fall Season  
 
 Discussion 
 
 1 Comment  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 
 Paris  on the 29th October 
 
 Reply   
 Mike, 
This is such an interesting post! I feel like a lot of work-life imbalances these days really emanate from not knowing how to properly manage the time one has, so thanks very much for all the tips. One thing I know helps me organise my time is to have a 'done' list, where I check of everything I've accomplished in a day to help me better understand where my time has gone. I've written a post on that, as well as other tips I find helpful here - bit.ly/1skfee8. 
Thanks, 
Paris 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
