Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Marketing Coop 
 Loblaw Companies Limited 
 __Brampton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
1 Presidents Choice Circle, Brampton, Ontario, L6Y 5S5 
 The decision to join a company is a big one. We have opportunities for hard working, energetic and reliable people just like you. 
 Why is this role important? 
 The opportunity: 
The decision to join a company is a big one. We have opportunities for hard working, energetic and reliable people just like you. 
 Are you dedicated and ready to champion and build our world class brands and programs? 
During your summer term with Loblaw, you’ll have the opportunity to develop an understanding of key marketing principles working alongside some of Canada’s top brands including: President’s Choice and No Name and retail brands like Loblaws, Shoppers Drug Mart, Zehrs, Real Canadian Superstore and No Frills and new customer focused initiatives such as PC Express and PC Optimum. 
 As a Winter Coop, you’ll be operating in the capacity of a Marketing Coordinator, working within one of the five buckets of our Marketing team: Market Division, Discount Division, Corporate Brands, Shoppers Drug Mart, or Marketing Operations. 
 We are looking for individuals who : 
Are passionate about marketing and brands 
Are organized and able to move quickly within a fast-paced environment 
Are collaborative team players with strong communication skills, both written and in person 
Are proactive, self-starters. 
Are solution-oriented, and apply that approach to problem solving 
 You’ll be a successful candidate if you: 
Are enrolled in a business/commerce or marketing post-secondary program that requires the competition of a co-op work term: Why not Loblaws? 
 Have demonstrated proficiency with Word, Excel and PowerPoint:  Are you a whiz at Excel? Bonus! 
 Have a demonstrated passion for retail and brand marketing:  You have a favourite brand in at least two categories, and can explain why you would choose that brand before all others. You have a good reason why you follow a brand or person in social media that no one else in your peer group does. You took a particular interest to your marketing class this year that others might describe as “obsessive”. 
 At Loblaw, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, then we look forward to receiving your application! 
 How You’ll Succeed: 
At Loblaw, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Employment Type: 
Full time 
 Type of Role: 
Co-op (Fixed Term) (inactive) 
 Loblaw recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. 
 Please Note:  If you have Employee Self Service (ESS) on Workday, apply to this job via the Workday application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
