Job Voucher Plan 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Job Voucher Plan 
 Must Reads 
 Article Links 
 Videos 
 Author 
 
   
 Tag Archives: robots and jobs 
 June 7, 2013 * 12:43 am 
 Robots Haven't Stolen Men's Jobs, Capital Flaws Have 
 For thousands of years, men toiled with nothing more than the work of human hands and draft animals. The vast majority plowed the fields and labored from dawn to dusk. Yet theirs was a life in tune with nature and they were well connected with their sense of God. 
 After 5,000 years of recorded history, man invented work through carbon based fuel. No longer was production bound by labor alone. Little by little, men's minds were released from the drudgery of forging furrows in the fields. Year after year, the miracle of the industrial era happened upon us, and the minds of men multiplied output through new inventions of machinery. 
 Lives that at one time supposedly spanned centuries but that had devolved into just a few decades began to expand again as men were free to create new ways to increase life expectancy. And those lives, while freed from some of the past drudgeries and dreadfulness, were still filled with ever specializing forms of work. 
 As machinery thrust man into highly productive generations, items such as books that were once expensive luxuries became available to the common man, expanding his access to knowledge even more. And work that had once been deemed that of the most refined now began to thought of as the new drudgeries. These tasks would later be consumed in the information era. Yet, even as drudgeries continued to be eliminated from the workplace, more and more previous luxuries became commonplace, and the masses in wealthier countries began to live better than kings of old. 
 But they now provided to each other services that heretofore would have seemed frivolous luxuries of the wealthy. Life became ever more livable even while all continued to work. Only that periodically, sometimes without warning, economies would shut down and work would dry up for want of demand. 
 It seemed that economies were built on credit and that providers of credit could accelerate and decelerate the economy on their whim. They could also pick and choose to whom they would provide credit, and who would prosper from their decision. For when credit was available, man was ever increasingly finding new inventive ways of employment and services to expand livability of mankind. But when credit was pulled, these newly expanded, inventive forms of employment suffered. 
 Did machinery stop man from working? No, it allowed him to expand his portfolio of work. Did computers stop man from working? No, they exponentially expanded his capacity to devise new work. Did robots stop man from working? No, they eliminated new drudgeries and created opportunities to elevate livability to more of the masses. 
 Man will work to fill the limitless void of undiscovered livability upon the Earth. Yet the yoke of our capital system flaws must be lifted for that to occur. 
 Share this: 
 
 Email 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 Print 
 Reddit 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Leave a comment 
 Filed under  American Innovation ,  China ,  Full Employment ,  U.S. Energy Policy 
 Tagged as  credit ,  industrial era ,  information era ,  livability ,  robots and jobs 
 
 
 Clif Carothers, President U.S. Air Ambulance 
 
   Clif Carothers 
 
 
 
 America Can Reach Full Employment Quickly 
 
 
 This blog was started to share a job voucher idea for all able bodied Americans to have an opportunity to work. I will share other related thoughts and appreciate your comments as well as your ideas to employ America now. 
 
 
 Blog Categories 
 
 
 Blog Categories Select Category American Governance American Innovation American Media American Politics American Schools Bureaucracy Capitalism China City Planning Class warfare divorce Economic Crisis Emergency Response Energy Policy European Crisis Federal Budget Federal Reservre Foreign Policy Free Trade Full Employment Healthcare costs Immigration Innovation Job Auction Plan Job Voucher Plan Jobs life lessons life's precious secrets Middle East prosperity Multinational Corporations National Security Occupy Wall Street pre-social media norms Racism Social Media Democracy social trajectory U.S. Energy Policy U.S. Monetary Policy U.S. Tax Policy Uncategorized Unions War World Sustainability 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Vote Trump 
 Either Trump or Sanders Will Win the Presidency 
 Does Cap and Trade Signal China's Rise as the World's New Super Power? 
 Man Must Adapt to the Law of Selfish Demise to Thrive 
 My Favorite Apple Tree 
 
 
 
 Email Subscription 
 
 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 31 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Archives Select Month August 2016  April 2016  September 2015  January 2014  August 2013  July 2013  June 2013  May 2013  April 2013  March 2013  February 2013  January 2013  December 2012  November 2012  October 2012  September 2012  August 2012  March 2012  February 2012  January 2012  December 2011  November 2011  October 2011  September 2011  August 2011  July 2011  June 2011  May 2011  April 2011  March 2011  February 2011  January 2011 
 Job Voucher Plan  * Promoting Job Creation Ideas 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
