Skip to content 
   
 Menu 
 
 Start Here
 
 Work From Home – Follow Your Dreams 
 
 
 Start Your Own Business Online
 
 Starting Your Business
 
 A New Decade – Welcome 2020 – New Year’s Resolutions 
 Best Part-Time Work At Home Opportunities 
 Coronavirus – Work From Home 
 How To Start An Online Business For Free 
 How To Be Successful Online – With Your Business! 
 How To Start Your Own Home Business 
 Requirements to Start an Online Business 
 The How And What Of Working From Home 
 What Is Freedom In Life? 
 What Is A 4 Hour Work Week About? 
 Why Am I So Stupid? 
 Writing a Business Plan – A Necessity for Success! 
 Work At Home Online – Tired Of All The Scams? 
 
 
 Affiliate Marketing
 
 Affiliate Marketing For Websites / Small Business or Individuals 
 Making Money Online – Affiliate Marketing for Beginners FREE 
 
 
 Niche Businesses
 
 Can A Blog Make Money It Sure Can Read How 
 Copy The Experts – How to become successful in business? 
 How To Be Successful With An Online Business 
 How to Start a Small Business Online 
 How To Write A Business Plan For An Online Business 
 Evergreen Affiliate Marketing Niches 
 Should I Work At Home? 
 
 
 How To Build A Website
 
 Build a Website FREE – It can be done! 
 Components of a Website – What Makes Up A Website? 
 Create A Website Online Free 
 How To Brand A Website 
 How To Build A Free Business Website – Beginner or Experienced 
 Online Marketing Word Terminology Definitions Dictionary 
 Top Niches For An Online Business 
 What Is A Domain and How To Choose One 
 What is Keyword Research / How and Why to Use 
 What Is SEO Training? Why Do I Need This? 
 
 
 Ways to Make Money
 
 The Best Way To Make Money Online For A Beginner 
 The Best Ways On How To Make Money Online From Home 
 Can I Make Money Online At Home? 
 Data Entry Work At Home – Why Work For Someone Else Making Them Rich? 
 Earn Money Online With No Experience 
 Home Based Business – Work at Home 
 How Can I Make Money Online? 
 How Can I Make Money Online At Home? – Check This Out! 
 How To Earn A Full-Time Income Online 
 How To Earn A Passive Income At Home 
 How To Earn At Home – Shout It From The Rooftops! 
 How To Earn Money Online By Typing – Are These Jobs Profitable! 
 How To Make Money Online At Home 
 How To Supplement My Income At Home 
 I Want To Earn Money Online 
 Make Your Income Online – It Helps Others In Life! 
 Make Money Online With No Money – Secret Reality Revealed 
 Side Hustles to Make Money? 
 Start An Online Business Free 
 Ways To Avoid Work From Home Scams Online 
 What Is The Best Way To Make Money Online – At Home 
 Why You Can’t Make Money Online 
 Work Online At Home – For Free 
 Working From Home Jobs Online 
 
 
 Who Can Work From Home
 
 Can I Work At Home And Make Money? I Do, You Can Too! 
 How To Make Money In A Small Town 
 I Want To Earn Money Online 
 Moms Work At Home Business 
 Ways To Make Money In Rural Areas 
 Work At Home Jobs For Seniors 
 Work At Home For Veterans – All are Welcome! 
 
 
 
 
 Reviews
 
 What Is A Business Review? Why Should You Be Asking For Them? 
 Hosting Company Reviews
 
 Bluehost.com Reviews 
 Dreamhost or Wealthy Affiliate Which Is Better? 
 GoDaddy.com or Wealthy Affiliates – Have An Opinion? 
 HostGator – Do they really have you covered? 
 TMD Hosting or Wealthy Affiliates How Do They Compare? 
 
 
 Product/Service Reviews
 
 Banyan Hill Publishing Review – Scam or Legit 
 Copy My Email System – Legit or Scam? 
 Daily Cash Siphon Private Video Scam or Real Deal 
 David Dekel (Funnel X) Scam or Real 
 How Does “Medium” Work? 
 What Is All Solutions Network- ASN? 
 What Is LISTVERSE.com? Scam or Legit? 
 Jaaxy.com Review – Keyword Research Tool 
 Wealthy Affiliate Training VS Builderall Training 
 What Is Appen About? 
 What Is Gen Pro? 
 Why Use Publish Vault? 
 What Is A SFI Affiliate? 
 What Is Classic Solo Mailer? 
 What Is A Safe List? 
 What Is Texting Factory.com? 
 What Is The Wealthy Affiliate Scam? Get It Here! 
 What Is The Wealthy Affiliate Training About? 
 
 
 Survey Site Reviews
 
 Inbox Pays/Dollars Scam or Real Deal 
 Swagbucks Scam or Not? 
 What Is The Toluna.com? 
 Vindale Research Good or Bad 
 
 
 
 
 About Susan M. 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 Affiliate Disclosure 
 
 
 Archives At Bottom of Page 
 
 Work At Home Jobs For Seniors 
 March 21, 2020January 26, 2020 by  Susan Marienfeld 
 Work At Home Jobs For Seniors 
 A few years ago I joined the population known as “ _  Seniors _ ” so finding a “  Work at Home Job for Seniors  ” became one of my biggest goals. 
 I know for me it was strange there I was in my 20s thinking all those people in their 40s were  “old”  , then when I hit my 40s I still looked ahead and thought all those people in their 60s were  “old” . 
 Little did I realize that one day sooner than I could imagine here I am in my 60s, but I still do not feel  “old” ! However, finding a  J.O.B.  at this age is not exactly easy so I turned to researching what I could do online. 
 Do not get me wrong though back in my younger years I was a person who was always looking to make a  quick buck  and tried so many of those “  shiny objects  ” offered all over the internet. 
 You know the ones with the hyped-up sales pages and videos promising you to have money come raining into your bank account as soon as you give them whatever amount they ask for. 
 Back then I could afford to throw away $37, $47, even up to $97 for the  get-rich-quick scam  or latest  push-button system  one of those gurus came out with. Of course, none of them ever worked and I wasted so much money,  NOT  this time. 
 Lesson learned from younger days, we can call that my trial and error period of “ **  shiny object syndrome ** “. This time I decided to research whatever I was going to become involved with making sure it was legit and I could earn a living online. 
 Settling on “  Affiliate Marketing  ” made sense something I could do at home on my computer on my own time frame without worrying about having any young boss telling me what to do or how to do it. 
 The only problem I faced now was I did not have a clue how to begin. But thanks to the internet there are numerous training courses available to teach me how I can become an affiliate marketer. 
 
 How to Choose Training 
 Like I stated there are many training platforms available online that you can choose from finding the one that is right for you can prove to be time-consuming. 
 Fortunately, I was lucky when I found “   Wealthy Affiliate ” they offered a “  Free Starter Membership  ” on a trial basis which made it hard for me to refuse to check them out. 
 A couple of the others do offer a free trial, but after checking they do not even come close to the hands-on training available through Wealthy Affiliate for  FREE . 
 After being with  Wealthy Affiliate  for some time I decided to check into a few of the other training platforms to see what they had to offer and what their costs were to become members. 
 None of them could compare to Wealthy Affiliate so I upgraded to the Premium Membership on this platform and have found it to be unbeatable by the rest. 
 I will be quite honest people have called me out promoting  Wealthy Affiliate   stating I only do so because I am paid a commission when I refer people to the community and they join. 
 To set the record straight any of the training platforms you join someone is going to be making a commission when you join under their referral link. 
 In turn, you will earn commissions for anyone you refer to the community with your own referral links and you can do this as a “  Free Starter Member  ” being paid commissions at half what the Premium Membership gets. 
 Personally, I promote Wealthy Affiliate to  help people  learn there is a way to make money online without leaving the comfort of your home. This income is not one that goes away it is a passive income you can earn for years to come. 
 Given the choice of earning money for years on work you are going to do once or collecting a “paycheck” that never gets any higher, I chose to make my living with a passive income stream. This is your choice as well 🙂 
 
 Skills and Tools Required for Affiliate Marketing 
 I have worked on computers with most of my past job experience so that is one plus I might have over others who are looking to get into affiliate marketing. But this is not a necessary skill you can learn as you go and it is not difficult. 
 Do you need any technical skills or experience? No, everything is taught step by step on video making it easy to follow directions you can always pause the video while you follow along. 
 Tools are simple when it comes to affiliate marketing all you need is a computer or laptop and an internet connection the rest is all supplied by Wealthy Affiliate. 
 The “   Free Starter Membership ” includes 20 Free Lessons, 1 Free Website, Free Hosting, 30  Free Keyword  Searches on Jaazy Lite, 12 Free WordPress Themes, Website Backup Daily, and during the first seven days of the trial Live Chat and One-on-One Coaching. 
 During the first seven days of the trial, you have access to everything like a Premium Member getting your upgrade during that time earns you a discount for the first month of Premium at  ONLY $19.00 ! 
 I would like to point out that your “Free Starter Membership” is good for six months so you do  NOT HAVE  to upgrade during that first seven day period, but it is so worth not losing the “  Live Chat  ” feature. 
 Live Chat is so valuable when first starting out you can jump in and ask questions of the community, of experts available if you get stuck with training or have any questions at all about Wealthy Affiliate. 
 Seriously, anything we start new with the unknown ahead can be scary and none of us like to fail at anything we attempt to do, just know with Wealthy Affiliate you have a whole community of people standing behind you to help you succeed. 
 
 Who is Wealthy Affiliate? 
 I know that I would like to know who I am dealing with as a company and here I would like to introduce you to the owners Carson and Kyle. These two met in college and started their internet careers in 2002. 
 Wanting to help others find a way to make money online they developed the training platform known as Wealthy Affiliate in 2005 and it has been growing ever since. 
 Carson and Kyle Owners of Wealthy Affiliate 
 As their community grew they added more and more benefits and training so that all the members could stay up-to-date with the latest in technology and SEO (Search Engine Optimization). 
 Adding to the community was a Live Training Coach, Jay Neill (profile name magistudios), who holds a live podcast every Friday night where you can ask questions when the training is over. 
 Jay Neill (magistudios) Live Training Coach 
 Jay teaches classes on topics that go beyond just the affiliate marketing area into eCommerce, Local SEO, drop-shipping, building professional websites, and so much more. 
 This is all-inclusive with the Premium Membership at such a STEAL can you imagine what this type of training would cost on an individual basis? I am letting you know right now that you are looking at tens of thousands. 
 Premium Members do have access to Carson and Kyle, as busy as these owners are they still take time to correspond with the members of the community one on one. None of the other training platforms offer this type of communication. 
 
 In Conclusion 
 I apologize if I made this sound too much like a sales copy article, my excitement when it comes to Wealthy Affiliate becomes overwhelming and I cannot help myself. 
 As a senior, there is not much I get excited about so when I get going on Wealthy Affiliate things just make me get carried away. 
 Now I am not saying this is going to be right for everyone out there, because we all are different and need to find what is right for each of us. 
 But with our experience we do have things to share that can help others so why not use that knowledge and affiliate marketing to earn yourself a passive income for years to come? 
 Invest sometime in yourself and get your “  Free Starter Membership  ” there is “  NO CREDIT CARD REQUIRED”  click the banner below and give it a try. 
 
 Hearing from my readers is greatly appreciated please leave comments, suggestions, or questions you have for me in the space provided below. I usually answer within 24 hours. 
 Thanks for reading my article pass it on to anyone you think might be interested, bookmark my website I will e adding other articles that might be of interest to you, 
 Blessings, 
 Susan 
 Your Name (required) 
 Your Email (required) 
 Subject 
 Your Message 
 Categories  Who Can Work From Home  Tags  Work At Home Jobs For Seniors  Post navigation 
 What Is The Wealthy Affiliate Training About? 
 What Is All Solutions Network- ASN? 
 Affiliate Disclosure 
 A complete Affiliate Disclosure can be found under About Susan M. 
 Affiliate Links are contained in this website whereby the owner will be paid a commission if you purchase through this website. 
   
   
 Archives 
 
 October 2020 
 September 2020 
 May 2020 
 March 2020 
 February 2020 
 January 2020 
 December 2019 
 November 2019 
 October 2019 
 July 2019 
 June 2019 
 May 2019 
 April 2019 
 March 2019 
 February 2019 
 January 2019 
 December 2018 
 November 2018 
 October 2018 
 September 2018 
 August 2018 
 
 © 2021  • Built with  GeneratePress 
