Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 How to Become a Leader 
 Lynn Foster    25th September    Success   Leave a Comment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=How%20to%20Become%20a%20Leader%20-%20https%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fyour-job%2Fhow-to-become-a-leader%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Leaders  are usually admired and envied by everyone around. 
 However, there are some people who find it relieving that they don’t have to take on big responsibilities. 
 But this attitude is not really getting them far — only those who take chances are likely to succeed. 
 What holds individuals back from speaking their mind? 
 All sorts of  fears  hold them back, most of them unconscious. Here are some helpful solutions and guidelines for overcoming these obstacles. 
 What’s Holding You Back? 
 Lack of confidence . This problem affects a big part of the population worldwide. People with impressive talents and great skills are often afraid to come out and showcase their  value . They don’t want to look ridiculous or be criticized. In the end, these people start believing they don’t do anything special, so they keep hiding and withholding brilliant ideas and useful contributions. 
 Fear.  Fear keeps people away from tons of amazing things. As a child, it’s normal to hesitate or to refuse doing new scary activities. But adults have no real reason for not hunting for better positions or jobs. Yet they continue to be afraid of the unknown and of changes. Honestly speaking, no one can guarantee that the next boss will listen to you. But it is a certain fact that the actual one won’t  change ! 
 Routine.   At least in here I know exactly what I have to do . This is what most people would say, motivating the refusal of asking for more. Routine clutters our mind and allow us to avoid wondering about other possibilities. Face it — adults have the same schedule, day after day, ensuring that we don’t seek out a better way of living. They are cozy enough with the present situation and don’t want the burden of being  leaders . 
 How to Get Out of the Comfort Zone 
 Always ask questions . Inquiring minds are never satisfied with the actual state of things. They always try to improve and to innovate. So the first step is to start analyzing your life and see what there is to be changed. Small  decisions  are the best for getting used to this attitude. Question your responsibilities — why are you given these tasks, how are they helping the company, etc. 
 Keep an open mind . Let new things come to you! They bring in joy and the satisfaction of self-development. Don’t refuse tasks when don’t have the answer on the spot. Instead of thinking  I don’t know how to do that  , say  I will learn the solution and apply it as best I can . 
 Accept  challenges  and think positive. You will be amazed at the outcomes. Some companies appreciate employees with bold initiatives and courage. If the one you are working for does not promote personal growth, it’s time to look for another one. Struggling just for a paycheck is not an option for future leaders. 
 Give others advice (and learn to take others).  Don’t underestimate your skills. Even persons in their twenties can teach others life lessons. Find someone who needs personal or professional guidance and help him/her out. 
 These generous acts will boost your self-confidence! In time, you will grow to have bolder initiatives and a more professional attitude. Another good idea is to study famous leaders’ lives. See how they act to achieve success and to gain influence, and mimic that, essentially taking their  advice . 
 Take on more responsibilities . The key to becoming a leader is to gather more and more tasks. Get involved in several projects, learn new things, volunteer for activities. In this way, you will get used to being responsible for major aspects of the company. Slowly, people will start depending on you and asking for advice. Take advantage of the situation and prove that you deserve to be trusted and put in a leading position. 
 Respect yourself . The first step toward gaining other’s  respect  is to respect yourself. Only accept jobs and tasks that will take you up and not down. Often, bosses abuse their power and impose ridiculous rules and schedules. 
 Employees are not obliged to put up with these miseries. They have two options — asking for decent working conditions or look for better jobs. Don’t be afraid to take a stand; you deserve to be happy! True leaders know their worth and accept nothing less. 
 Parting Words 
 In the end, no matter what field you may be working in, becoming a leader is a top priority. It’s not about being everybody’s  boss , but about being the best of you. 
 Share your personal fears and ideas in the comment section below. Tell us about things that motivate and inspire you. 
 Help others by showing them that progress is possible when you have the courage to step into the unknown. 
 (   Photo   by U.S. Dept of Education /   CC BY   ) 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 advancement (41) 
 
 
 fear (4) 
 
 
 Goals (58) 
 
 
 How to Become a Leader (1) 
 
 
 Leadership (41) 
 
 
 passion (34) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Lynn Foster  |  Website  |  Other Articles 
 Lynn Foster is a professional writer and editor at  Papersgear . Lynn intends to share her knowledge with young specialists, featuring insightful and helpful advice in her articles. 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     How to Deal with Organizational Change  
  _ _     Beyond the Cover Letter: Resumé Tips  
  _ _     How to Deal with Bullying in the Workplace  
 
 Discussion 
 
 0 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 No Comments yet, be the first! 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
