
 PhD(isabled) 
 What it's like doing a PhD with disability or chronic illness 
   
 Main Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Experiences 
 Support & Advice 
 Comments Policy 
 Submissions Policy 
 
 Tag Archives: career researchers 
   
 A Reflection on Chronic Illness and Graduate School 
 Featuredby  phdisabled   6 Comments 
 I originally wrote the post below in June 2011. I had finished defending my PhD in English Literature in the fall of 2010 and I was depressed, in pain, and […] 
 Read Article ->   Experiences ,  Postgraduate Research 
   
 Even more Headaches & Heartbreaks 
 July 8, 2014 by  phdisabledguest1   3 Comments 
 This article is a follow-up to "The Headache and Heartbreak of doing Academia with Chronic Migraine" and is written by the same anonymous author. When you last heard my story, […] 
 Read Article ->   Experiences 
   
 The headache & heartbreak of doing academia with chronic migraine 
 June 10, 2014 by  phdisabled   40 Comments 
 I’m a part-time PhD student, with a chronic illness and a family. I have a grant that pays my fees, but everything else I need to live on I must […] 
 Read Article ->   Experiences 
   
 How to do medical leave 
 April 1, 2014 by  phdisabled   Leave a comment 
 Some disabled and chronically ill students will need to take periods of medical leave - also known as interruption in the UK - to rest and recover when the body […] 
 Read Article ->   Support & Advice 
   
 Asking for Access After Declaring Disabled: An Interview Story 
 March 26, 2014 by  phdisabled   12 Comments 
 This week I was called to interview for a Research Council funding competition. The application was part of a last-minute marathon attempt to restart my PhD research this Autumn. This […] 
 Read Article ->   Experiences 
   
 Falling Down on the Job: Chronic Illness in Post-Graduate Workplace (Part 2) 
 November 15, 2013 by  phdisabled   Leave a comment 
 (This post continues on from Falling Down on the Job: Chronic Illness in Post-Graduate Workplace Part 1). What could anyone in my situation do to prevent what happened to me? […] 
 Read Article ->   Support & Advice 
   
 Premia: An Online Resource for Disabled PhD Students 
 October 18, 2013 by  phdisabled   2 Comments 
 Developed from an HEFCE-funded project at Newcastle University between 2003-2005, Premia provides masses of useful information for both PhD and other early career researchers with disability or chronic illness and […] 
 Read Article ->   Support & Advice 
 Post navigation 
 
 Postgraduate Research 
 Postgraduate Taught 
 Undergraduate 
 
 Search 
 RECENT POSTS 
 
 Remembering the light 
 On the dearth of disabled access information in philosophical events 
 PhDisappeared For a Year 
 Get Help: How the myth of self-sufficiency fails PhD students with mental illness 
 A Reflection on Chronic Illness and Graduate School 
 We Need to Talk About Student Mental Health More, Not Less 
 Help the NUS Support Disabled & Chronically Ill Postgraduate Applicants (UK) 
 Event Organizers: Give Access Information Up Front. Please? 
 When systems designed to support you, harm you 
 Disabled Student Allowance & PhD-Specific Doings: A Resource for Self-Advocacy 
 
 Tags 
 Academia   academic culture   Advice for Disabled Students   career researchers   chronic   chronic illness   disability   Disabled   disabled students   Doctor of Philosophy   experience   hard work   Health   Higher Education   mental health   pain   PhD   PhD student   PhD students   Reasonable Adjustments   stigma   supervisors   time to change   University   You are not alone 
 RSS 
 
 RSS - Posts 
 RSS - Comments 
 
 Archives 
 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 November 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 
 DONATE 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 5,518 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 TWITTER UPDATES 
 My Tweets 
 Recent Comments 
 
 Julie Furnell  on  Developing a Mystery Illness in Grad School 
 Making Animal Liberation Accessible - A How-To Guide - Earthling Liberation Kollective - ELK  on  Event Organizers: Give Access Information Up Front. Please? 
 Saumya on  PhDisappeared For a Year 
 colleensharriskeith  on  PhDisappeared For a Year 
 michiexile (@michiexile)  on  PhDisappeared For a Year 
 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
