Rocky Mountain Way...Outside Coors looking in 
 When the dust and dirt of life settles…if you're lucky there's baseball… 
 
 About rockymountainway 
 
 Tagged: Jobu 
 April 23, 2009 
  Sweet Home Colorado…"Help Keep Bats Warm.."  
 Day 113 
 It's a home stretch for the Rockies. Exactly, in my opinion, when they need it most. 
 I saw the devastation that was the L.A. series with my own eyes…They still hurt. 
 I listened to the Arizona series and I needed some extra pain relievers. 
 This downward spiral that saw the Rockies win only 2-6 on the road has saddened my heart and made me examine all the superstitions I hold dear. Is my pre-game routine off? What was I wearing when we were winning? Some of the Rockies players have shaved off the facial hair, should I take mine off too? 
 Just to be safe I shavedmost of mine off today.. 
 But, let's be realistic here. 
 The Rockies are sitting in the basement at 5-9 and they need a hefty push up the stairs right about now. I'm calling on this guy. 
 I'm sure he will help to "wake bats up" and get the guys on the right track. If he doesn't, we could always go the live chicken route, but for now I'll just set out some extra rum and you should know, "It's very bad to drink Jobu's rum…very bad." 
 I really want to put some good stats in my game log I keep. I mean the last four or five pages I have are really bad. I mean, really bad and I want to log some good stats. 
 I know Cookie is going into the game with a 10.22 ERA and a not so sinking sinker. I've seen it. I heard it all last weekend everytime Manny took him out of the yard. But, I also remember the day after opening day, when Cookie got lit up and he looked like this. 
                    Tom Walsh
 
 I mean that's what you want in your starter and the rock of your pitching staff. You want enough confidence and poise to be able to shake off all the bad starts this year, which just happen to be all of them, and move on. 
 I don't want to see another Manny Ramirez homer, in person, again this year. No mas. 
 What I want to see and my predictions for the Friday night game are as follows. 
 -Only hitting .214, Garrett Atkins is going to double his homerun total in one game. That means he will leave Coors Friday night with four homeruns on the season. So let it written, so let it be done. 
 -Chris Ianetta will go 3-4 and get his average above .100. This will be the game that sets in motion his all-star ballot winning at the catcher position. His late first half numbers will be strong. 
 -Aaron Cook will pitch a scoreless 7 2/3 innings before handing the ball off to the bullpen who will be flawless in their shutting the door. 
 Final score. Rockies win 4-0. 
 Go Rockies!! 
 Written by  mlblogsrockymountainway   10 Comments  Posted in  Dailies  Tagged with  Aaron Cook ,  Jobu ,  Predictions for 4/24  March 6, 2009 
  Shoo, Shoo Injury Bug-Rockies Pitching Dealt Another  Setback  
 Day 65 
 In a previous  post  I talked about how I am not a Rockies apologist and the injury ridden season of 2008 was not something I'll make excuses for. Somewhere in 2009 Tucson I keep having bad dreams of someone yelling, 
 "MEDIC! SOMEBODY GET ME A MEDIC!" 
 It's happened again. Another injury has taken an intergral part of the Rockies pitching staff to the get well station. 
 After reading Rockies beat reporter Thomas Harding's  assessment  it sounds like Taylor Buchholz is out four to six weeks with a strain of the ulnar collateral ligament in his throwing elbow. 
 No MD here but that sounds a tad bit painful. Last year I fractured both my elbows and hated life for a good month. At least Buchholz is only facing a strain but I'm glad his injury is the non-surgery season ending type. The Rockies suffered a blow to the starting rotation earlier this spring training when starter Jeff Francis decided to opt for season ending surgery. 
 Buchholz came to the Rockies in a four player deal with the Houston Astros before the '07 season. The Rockies traded then starting pitcher Jason Jennings for outfielder Willie Taveras and unproven pitchers Jason Hirsh and Buchholz. Buchholz has been a bright spot of that trade of late. Taveras was non-tendered and signed with the Reds this offseason and Hirsh posted a lackluster 8.31 ERA last season. 
 Buchholz had been given a shot at starting but was soon relegated to bullpen duty in '07. The '08 season saw him as a very reliable setup man for then closer Brian Fuentes who signed a deal with the Angels this offseason. 
 The loss of Buchholz, hopefully for no longer than six weeks, would put the Rockies at a disadvantage for the beginning part of the season but would require righthanders Jason Grilli and Ryan Speier to possible move into the position to fill the need for now. 
 Hopefully from this point on the injury bug will fear the swat. 
 
 If not then higher powers can be brought in… 
 Written by  mlblogsrockymountainway   21 Comments  Posted in  Dailies  Tagged with  Houston Astros ,  injury bug ,  Jason Hirsh ,  Jason Jennings ,  Jobu ,  Taylor Buchholz ,  very bad ,  very bad to drink jobu's rum 
 Search for: 
 
 
   mlblogsrockymountainway 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Some things just don't change…and some do. 
 Nine is fine for the Rockies and myself 
 Who cares about Keith Olbermann…really? 
 Poof..Baseball, like life is a series of moments 
 The critique should start at home..err criticism that is 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 kimandjeff.smiths95@gmail.com on  Tropical Diseases great minor league motivator!! 
 rockymountainwayss@aol.com on  For Auld Lang Syne "times gone by" 
 Kaybee on  Some things just don't change…and some do. 
 Dugger on  Some things just don't change…and some do. 
 raysrenegade on  Some things just don't change…and some do. 
 
 Archives 
 
 March 2010 
 September 2009 
 August 2009 
 July 2009 
 June 2009 
 May 2009 
 April 2009 
 March 2009 
 February 2009 
 January 2009 
 December 2008 
 November 2008 
 
 Categories 
 
 Dailies 
 
 
 000th hit Todd Helton   2   9/9/09   30 runs in four games   2009 team   Aaron Cook   Albert Pujols   Andruw Jones   Arizona   Atlanta   Ballpark at Arlington   bandwagoners   Baseball Across America   Bobby and June's   Brad Hawpe   Braves   Busch Stadium   Carlos Lee   Chris Ianetta   Colorado Springs Sky Sox   Dexter Fowler   Elizabeth Dreeson   Emily   Fredbird   Garrett Atkins   Garrett Atkins slumpbuster   General Corpas   GIJoe   greatest Rockies player   Happy Youngster   Houston Astros   Huston Street   Ian Stewart   I Live For This   Jason Hammels   Jason Hirsh   Jason Marquis   Jobu   Kaybee   Kylie   Lonestar   Major League   Matt Holliday   Miller Park   Milwaukee   Minute Maid Park   nine is fine   NL champs   Oakland A's   peach cobbler   Phoenix   play ball already   Plunking Gomez   Rockies   Rockies baseball   Rockies Coors opener   Rockies six game win streak   Roy Oswalt   Ryan Spilborghs   Seven game win streak   Sky Sox   St. Louis   superstitions   Texas Rangers   Thomas Harding   timeout at the plate   Todd Helton   Todd Helton 2000 hit   Tom Walsh   Troy Tulowitzki   Turner Field   Ubaldo Jimenez   WBC   White Sox   World Baseball Classic 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
