Two Twitch A Tale 
 Linking collage work to the meaning of personal and universal symbols. 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
 About Michelle 
 About Christine 
 
 
 Monthly Tales 
 
 February 2014 - The Goose Girl 
 January 2014 "Rumplestiltskin" 
 
 Rumplestiltskin 
 
 
 December "The Evergreen Tree" 
 November -The Frog Prince and Iron Henry 
 October - Baba Yaga 
 September - The Story of Sarah and Hagar (c.1540 - c.1677 BCE) 
 August: Cinderella - Grimms version 
 July: The Ugly Duckling 
 JULY: The Princess and the Pea 
 JULY: King Pierus and His Daughters (Calling the Muses) 
 June: Young Krishna 
 May: "The Trickster" 
 
 MAY: Br'er Rabbit and the Tar Baby 
 MAY: Coyote Fights a Lump of Pitch 
 MAY: Iktomi and the Ducks 
 MAY: Raven and the Man that Sits on the Tides 
 
 
 APRIL: Pandora's Box 
 
 APRIL: The Bremen Town Musicians 
 
 
 MARCH: The Fisherman and His Wife 
 FEBRUARY: Little Red Cap (Red Riding Hood) 
 
 FEBRUARY: Imbolc 
 
 
 
 
 Prompts 
 Artwork 
 
 Art: MAY: The Tricksters 
 MAY: “Coyote, Iktome, and the Rock.” 
 Art: APRIL: Pandora's Box 
 MAY: Coyote Fights a Lump of Pitch 
 Art: MARCH: The Fisherman and His Wife 
 
 
 Poetry Page 
 
 APRIL: Poetry: Coloring A Poem 
 MAY: Poetry: Coyote 
 MAY: Poetry: Rabbit as Totem 
 MAY: Poetry: Raven Flies on Two Wings 
 Spider's Sonnet 
 February Poetry - Lakshmi Listens 
 
 
 Our Blogs & Sites 
 
 Michelle's Website 
 Christine's Website 
 Mused by Magdalene 
 Blog from the Back of the Bike 
 
 
 
 Category Archives: Job 
 May24 
 I am Raven. 
 Posted on  May 24, 2013  by   Michelle Anglin 
 [Standard]( "All Standard posts") 
 
 I am Raven 
 I Upset Things. It’s my job, it’s what I do! 
 This story comes from the people of the Pacific Northwest. A people closely linked with the sea. It is a tale that explains the tides. My favorite parts of the story are when the lines, “It’s my job. It’s what I do!” are said by Fog man, The Man who sits on the Tide, and finally by Raven. Each character knows their part in the over all plan. Each of us also wants to fit in and be part of an over all plan. For some of us, knowing what our job is isn’t the easiest thing to figure out. 
 The seagull in my collage symbolizes “not knowing.” He is about to land on top of the head of the giant that sits on the tide. In the Tale, Raven asks Seagull if he knows how to move the water out of the way, but Seagull does not reply because he is busy searching for answers himself. 
 In some indigenous cultures, you are given a name that explains what you do. In our Tale, the person who makes fog is called the Fog Man. Early on, many surnames came from what the person did. For an example, Shoemaker, Schumacher, let us know that the person made shoes. The person named Fletcher was the individual who puts the feathers on arrows so they fly straight. Today, our name rarely represents how we fit in. Today we have to decide for our self. Yet, we are still judged by what we do. Most of us realize that there is more to who we are than how we earn a living. 
 Raven and Seagull are the main characters in another story. When the great creator created things, he kept them separate in Cedar boxes. The boxes contained such things as mountains, fire, water, wind and seeds for all the plants. One of the boxes was given to Seagull who decided not to open his box. All the animals tried to get him to do so but he refused. The animals called upon Raven to get Seagull’s box open. Raven tried reasoning with Seagull, but that didn't work. Next he tried to trick Seagull into releasing the box, that to failed. Finally, Raven was so angry that he stuck a thorn in Seagull’s foot. Seagull dropped the box and the lid fell off. Out came the Sun, the moon and the stars. This brought light to the world and allowed the first day to begin. 
 Raven is an old friend to me. I wrote a story that had Raven as an important character. He acted as a go between people and the gods. He is the one that blithely goes forward believing in the future and his role of happily discovering it. I loved the trickster. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Print 
 Email 
 Tumblr 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Filed under  Animals ,  Archetype ,  Art ,  Collage ,  Fog ,  Giant ,  Job ,  Light ,  Mixed Media Collage ,  Moon ,  Myth ,  rain ,  Raven ,  Sea ,  Seagull ,  The Rock ,  Tides ,  trickster  and tagged  collage ,  fog ,  Giant ,  moon ,  myth ,  raven ,  sea ,  Seagull ,  story ,  sun ,  symbols ,  tides  |  Leave a comment 
 Follow Two Twitch A Tale on WordPress.com 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 426 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 Christine Irving  on  Death and Ambiguity 
 
 
 
 
 Kathleen Connolly on  Wanderlust 
 
 
 
 
 Christine Irving  on  Feminine Circles 
 
 
 
 Search for: 
 Follow this blog 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow this blog 
 Comments 
 
 RSS - Comments 
 
 Archives 
 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 
 Category Cloud 
 Animals   Archetype   Art   beauty   birds   Collage   Color   creativity   fairy tale   Fairy Tales   Forest   Goddess   Grimm   hope   Meaning   Mixed Media Collage   Moon   Mother   Myth   Poetry   Psychology   Sea   spirit   Storytelling   Symbolism   Transformation   trickster   Wisdom   Women   Writing 
 Blogs we Follow 
 
 leapfrogstudiosite 
 leapfrogstudioblog 
 tusk gallery 
 Annamal house. 
 I Dreamed A Dream... 
 smithartonline 
 Dearinger Designs 
 one layer cards, cas cards & other crafts 
 zanolino 
 sarathings 
 the art cave 
 Mused by Magdalene 
 The Daily Post 
 Sherry Meneley . Artist . Soiled Wings 
 veronica cay 
 Two Twitch A Tale 
 The WordPress.com Blog 
 
 We Love to Hear From You 
 
 
 
 
 Christine Irving  on  Death and Ambiguity 
 
 
 
 
 Kathleen Connolly on  Wanderlust 
 
 
 
 
 Christine Irving  on  Feminine Circles 
 
 
 Patricia Catanzaro on  The Flower Seller and the… 
 
 
 
 
 Christine Irving  on  Key word for the year- sp… 
 
 
 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 leapfrogstudiosite 
 leapfrogstudioblog 
 Art: Mixed-Media, Collage 
 tusk gallery 
 A Contemporary Art Gallery located in Melbourne, Australia www.tuskgallery.com.au : e-mail art@tuskgallery.com.au 
 Annamal house. 
 Wild. 
 I Dreamed A Dream... 
 Living Out Loud 
 smithartonline 
 Art, education and ruminations 
 Dearinger Designs 
 Mixed Media Art Design 
 one layer cards, cas cards & other crafts 
 creations from my messy craft table 
 zanolino 
 Love and Art 
 sarathings 
 my art, my family, my life, my stuff... 
 the art cave 
 Mused by Magdalene 
 Updates, events, hints, odd thoughts and an occasional poem 
 The Daily Post 
 The Art and Craft of Blogging 
 Sherry Meneley . Artist . Soiled Wings 
 Create . Learn . Heal . Grow 
 veronica cay 
 Two Twitch A Tale 
 Linking collage work to the meaning of personal and universal symbols. 
 The WordPress.com Blog 
 The latest news on WordPress.com and the WordPress community. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
