Skip to content 
 
 Personality Dimensions In Action 
 News and Updates from Personality Dimensions® 
 Primary Menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Website 
 
   
 Tag: Career Dimensions 
 Personality Dimensions® Statistics 
 Like many of us this year, The  PD Stats Robot  (patent still pending) has been doing his best to work from home. The report is a little late getting published because, according to  PD Stats Robot  , their “dog ate the statistics.” But better late than never. 
 Once again The  PD Stats Robot  and the rest of the staff at  CLSR Inc.  would like to thank all of the  Certified Trainers  who took the time to send in their workshop statistics over the past year. Collecting workshop statistics allows us to do further research on the reliability and validity of Personality Dimensions®. If you look at the Primary Colour Breakdowns over the past 15 years, you will notice very little change with them over time; In fact, there is no change from last year and the previous two years in the percentage breakdowns. How’s that for reliability?!?! Full statistics for the Canadian market, including this year’s, are published every year in July and are posted at:  http://www.personalitydimensions.com/published-statistics 
 Collecting workshop statistics also helps us in creating new products. For example, the job categories found in  Career Dimensions™  were taken directly from the statistics reported to us by  Certified Trainers . Your statistics also helped us in developing the upcoming  Wellness Report  and  Personal Report. 
 We ask that every time you conduct an Introductory or Application Session,  even if you had your clients take the assessment online  , that you keep track of your participants’  Primary Colour Preference  , and  Introversion/Extraversion  preference. You can find a form on the USB included with your Building Blocks/Manual to do this. Statistics can then be faxed to 905-760-0113, or emailed to  stats@clsr.ca . You can also submit your statistics through the web at:  http://www.personalitydimensions.com/submit-your-statistics . 
 Once received at our office, our  PD Stats Robot  (patent still pending) diligently processes and categorizes every number and colour submitted! Also, remember to  submit your statistics even if you are administering Personality Dimensions® Online . Remember that the assessment component isn’t the final word on an individual’s primary colour, especially if scores are close; clarification also comes from the Brightening Group exercises in a workshop. 
 Until next time, on behalf of  PD Stats Robot  (patent still pending) please remember to be kind, and stay safe in these challenging times. 
 Posted on  August 11, 2020  by  CLSR Posted in  News Tagged  4 Colors ,  4 Colours ,  Authentic Blue ,  Career Dimensions ,  Career/LifeSkills Resources Inc. ,  Certified Trainer ,  CLSR ,  CLSR Inc. ,  CLSRassessments ,  clsrassessments.com ,  Colors Personality Test ,  Colors Test ,  Communication ,  Four Colors ,  Four Colours ,  Inquiring Green ,  Introversion/Extraversion ,  Organized Gold ,  PD for Youth ,  Personality ,  Personality Assessment ,  Personality Dimensions ,  Personality Temperament ,  Personality Test ,  Personality Type ,  Professional Development ,  Resourceful Orange ,  Temperament ,  Temperament for Youth ,  Training .  Leave a comment 
 Personality Dimensions® Statistics 
 This year we told The  PD Stats Robot  (patent still pending) that he couldn't go on his vacation until he published the yearly Personality Dimensions® statistics. Working diligently with his eye on the prize, he churned out this year's report. 
 Once again The  PD Stats Robot  and the rest of the staff at  CLSR Inc.  would like to thank all of the  Certified Trainers  who took the time to send in their workshop statistics over the past year. Collecting workshop statistics allows us to do further research on the reliability and validity of Personality Dimensions®. If you look at the Primary Colour Breakdowns over the past 14 years, you will notice very little change with them over time; In fact, there is no change from last year and the year before in the percentage breakdowns. How's that for reliability?!?! Full statistics for the Canadian market, including this year’s, are published every year in July and are posted at:  http://www.personalitydimensions.com/published-statistics 
 Collecting workshop statistics also helps us in creating new products. For example, the job categories found in  Career Dimensions™  were taken directly from the statistics reported to us by  Certified Trainers . Your statistics also helped us in developing the recently released PD for Youth Online™, and PD Basics Online. 
 We ask that every time you conduct an Introductory or Application Session,  even if you had your clients take the assessment online  , that you keep track of your participants’  Primary Colour Preference  , and  Introversion/Extraversion  preference. You can find a form on the USB included with your Building Blocks/Manual to do this. Statistics can then be faxed to 905-760-0113, or emailed to  stats@clsr.ca . You can also submit your statistics through the web at:  http://www.personalitydimensions.com/submit-your-statistics . 
 Once received at our office, our  PD Stats Robot  (patent still pending) diligently processes and categorizes every number and colour submitted! Also, remember to  submit your statistics even if you are administering Personality Dimensions® Online . Remember that the assessment component isn’t the final word on an individual’s primary colour, especially if scores are close; clarification also comes from the Brightening Group exercises in a workshop. 
 Until next time, join us in wishing  PD Stats Robot  (patent still pending) safe travels and a relaxing vacation. 
 Posted on  July 9, 2019  by  CLSR Posted in  News Tagged  4 Colors ,  4 Colours ,  Authentic Blue ,  Career Dimensions ,  Career/LifeSkills Resources Inc. ,  Certified Trainer ,  CLSR ,  CLSR Inc. ,  CLSRassessments ,  clsrassessments.com ,  Colors Personality Test ,  Colors Test ,  Communication ,  Four Colors ,  Four Colours ,  Inquiring Green ,  Introversion/Extraversion ,  Organized Gold ,  PD for Youth ,  Personality ,  Personality Assessment ,  Personality Dimensions ,  Personality Temperament ,  Personality Test ,  Personality Type ,  Professional Development ,  Resourceful Orange ,  Temperament ,  Temperament for Youth ,  Training .  Leave a comment 
 Personality Dimensions® Statistics 
 PD Stats Robot (Patent Pending) 
 The  PD Stats Robot  (patent still pending) got out of his storage closet… I mean office… and took an early vacation before crunching a year’s worth of Personality Dimensions® workshop statistics, so this year's published statistics are a little later than usual. The  PD Stats Robot  and the rest of the staff at  CLSR Inc.  would like to thank all of the  Certified Trainers  who took the time to send in their workshop statistics over the past year. Collecting workshop statistics allows us to do further research on the reliability and validity of Personality Dimensions®. If you look at the Primary Colour Breakdowns over the past 13 years, you will notice very little change with them over time; In fact, there is no change over last year's percentage breakdowns. Full statistics for the Canadian market, including this year’s are published every year in July and are posted at:  http://www.personalitydimensions.com/published-statistics 
 Collecting workshop statistics also helps us in creating new products. For example, the job categories found in  Career Dimensions™  were taken directly from the statistics reported to us by  Certified Trainers . Your statistics also helped us in developing the upcoming PD for Youth Online™, and a few other things that will be announced in the coming months. 
 We ask that every time you conduct an Introductory or Application Session,  even if you had your clients take the assessment online  , that your keep track of your participants’  Primary Colour Preference  , and  Introversion/Extraversion  preference. You can find a form on the disk included with your Building Blocks/Manual to do this. Statistics can then be faxed in to 905-760-0113, or emailed to  stats@clsr.ca . You can also submit your statistics through the web at:  http://www.personalitydimensions.com/submit-your-statistics . 
 Once received at our office, our  PD Stats Robot  (patent still pending) diligently processes and categorizes every number and colour submitted! Also remember to  submit your statistics even if you are administering Personality Dimensions® Online . Remember that the assessment component isn’t the final word on an individual’s primary colour, especially if scores are close; clarification also comes from the Brightening Group exercises in a workshop. 
 Posted on  August 14, 2018August 14, 2018  by  CLSR Posted in  News Tagged  4 Colors ,  4 Colours ,  Authentic Blue ,  Career Dimensions ,  Career/LifeSkills Resources Inc. ,  Certified Trainer ,  CLSR ,  CLSR Inc. ,  CLSRassessments ,  clsrassessments.com ,  Colors Personality Test ,  Colors Test ,  Four Colors ,  Four Colours ,  Inquiring Green ,  Introversion/Extraversion ,  Organized Gold ,  PD for Youth ,  Personality ,  Personality Assessment ,  Personality Dimensions ,  Personality Temperament ,  Personality Test ,  Personality Type ,  Resourceful Orange ,  Temperament ,  Temperament for Youth .  Leave a comment 
 Subscribe to Personality Dimensions! 
 Enter your email address to follow Personality Dimensions and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Subscribe 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Happy Holidays 
 Professional Development for Personality Dimensions Trainers 
 Introverts and Extraverts Come in the Same Four Delicious Varieties 
 Personality Dimensions® Statistics 
 Introverts and Extraverts Come in the Same Four Delicious Varieties 
 
 Archives 
 
 December 2020 
 September 2020 
 August 2020 
 June 2020 
 May 2020 
 March 2020 
 August 2019 
 July 2019 
 June 2019 
 March 2019 
 February 2019 
 January 2019 
 December 2018 
 November 2018 
 October 2018 
 September 2018 
 August 2018 
 July 2018 
 June 2018 
 May 2018 
 April 2018 
 March 2018 
 December 2017 
 October 2017 
 September 2017 
 August 2017 
 July 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 July 2014 
 
 Search 
 Search for: 
 Categories 
 
 Coming Soon 
 Did you know? 
 Musings from the Back office 
 News 
 PD In Action Guest Blog Series 
 Product Update 
 Uncategorized 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
