Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Consultant, Technology Risk 
 EY 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Technology is changing the way businesses are operating. New technologies provide businesses with the potential to deliver new services, operate in new markets and to change the way they operate. Associated with these opportunities come risks. Our clients seek independent advice and assurance over diverse issues which include for example: the design and operation of their internal controls, the security of their business critical systems, the delivery of major IT enabled programmes, their relationships with third parties, and their management, stewardship and ability to exploit business critical data. 
 The opportunity 
 EY is recognised as a leading independent provider of risk consulting services, supporting organisations manage their risks, exploit opportunities and operate effectively. Technology Risk sits within EY’s Business Consulting business and forms part of a broad Consulting Services practice. In response to strong market demand, we are looking for a Staff Consultant to join our team who can work directly with clients, to help them understand and address the risks associated with the technologies that support their business. 
 Our clients operate in a world where achieving and sustaining performance is more difficult than ever. As a technology risk professional, you will be focused on helping them to better manage their risks. To successfully turn risk into results, you’ll help our clients to become more effective at managing scarce resources, make better decisions and reduce their exposure to negative events. You’ll work in high-performing teams that drive growth and deliver exceptional client service, ensuring you play your part in building a better working world. 
 The successful candidate will work with client personnel to analyze, evaluate, and enhance information systems facilitating the business internal control process, and will assist clients and other IT professionals in performing technology risk, information technology (IT) control, application control and security engagements. 
 Your key responsibilities 
Analyze business, financial and IT systems, and other data processing problems to identify risks and improvements in computer systems and IT-enabled business processes. 
Assist clients in strengthening internal controls and improve IT and business performance. Collaborate with other members of the engagement team to plan the engagement and develop work program timelines, risk assessments, and other planning documents. 
Ensure high quality in client service by directing daily progress of fieldwork, informing supervisors of engagement status, and managing staff performance. 
Demonstrate and apply a thorough understanding of technology trends to identify the engagement and client service issues, and communicate this information to the engagement team and client management through written correspondence and verbal presentations. 
Demonstrate and apply strong project management skills, inspire teamwork and responsibility with engagement team members, and use current technology and tools to enhance the effectiveness of deliverables and services. 
Maintain long-term client relationships and networks. Cultivate business development opportunities. 
 Skills and attributes for success 
Highly professional with ability to work in challenging, diverse and evolving client environments 
Flexible with the ability to learn quickly and leverage skills in new situations 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
The ability to build strong client relationships 
Strong team working skills are essential 
Strong presentation and facilitation skills 
A passion to contribute to the growth of the practice 
 To qualify for the role you must have 
 A Bachelor's degree in information systems, commerce, computer science, engineering, business, finance and/or other related major 
Candidates must also possess or be actively pursuing related professional certifications such as CPA, CISA, CISSP, CISM or CIA. 
SOX experience considered an asset 
A minimum of 1 years of experience in managing and/or leading projects, information technology operations, internal audit or internal controls 
Experience with project management, information security or IT operations based in large enterprise resource planning systems, such as SAP would be considered an asset 
Willingness to travel 
 Ideally, you’ll also have 
 Experience in at least one of the following:  financial statement audits; internal audits; operational audits; IT general controls assessments; Service Organization Control reporting engagements; and, ERP security and controls reviews (SAP, Oracle, Guidewire, JD Edwards or PeopleSoft) 
 What we look for 
 As an ambassador for the Technology Risk team, you will need to build a strong network internally and be able to exceed our clients' high expectations. We are seeking high performing individuals who have been recognised for exceeding expectations. 
 Core consulting skills: 
Advanced data & evidence management, client management on remediation programmes, driving innovation & continuous improvement 
 Technical skills: 
Strong technical insight, practical knowledge & capability in your specialist capability 
 Versatility: 
Proven ability to adapt and learn in an innovative environment. 
 What working at EY offers 
 At EY, our Total Rewards package supports our commitment to creating a leading people culture - built on high-performance teaming - where everyone can achieve their potential and contribute to building a better working world for our people, our clients and our communities. It's one of the many reasons we repeatedly win awards for being a great place to work. 
 We offer a competitive compensation package where you’ll be rewarded based on your performance and recognized for the value you bring to our business. In addition, our Total Rewards package allows you decide which benefits are right for you and which ones help you create a solid foundation for your future. Our Total Rewards package includes a comprehensive medical, prescription drug and dental coverage, a defined contribution pension plan, a great vacation policy plus firm paid days that allow you to enjoy longer long weekends throughout the year, statutory holidays and paid personal days (based on province of residence), and a range of exciting programs and benefits designed to support your physical, financial and social well-being. Plus, we offer: 
 Support and coaching from some of the most engaging colleagues in the industry 
Learning opportunities to develop new skills and progress your career 
The freedom and flexibility to handle your role in a way that’s right for you 
 About EY 
 As a global leader in assurance, tax, transaction and consulting services, we’re using the finance products, expertise and systems we’ve developed to build a better working world. That starts with a culture that believes in giving you the training, opportunities and creative freedom to make things better. Whenever you join, however long you stay, the exceptional EY experience lasts a lifetime. 
 If you can confidently demonstrate that you meet the criteria above, please contact us as soon as possible. 
 Make your mark. Apply today. 
 EY is committed to inclusiveness, equity and accessibility. We encourage all qualified candidates to apply. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
