WORK WITH INDIES beta 
 Newsletter 
 Browse Jobs 
 Art & Animation 
 Audio 
 Business & Operations 
 Design 
 Marketing & Community 
 Production 
 Programming 
 QA & CS 
 Writing 
 Post a Job 
 Back to all jobs See allArt & Animationjobs 
 Senior Environment Artist 
 Glowmade Apply for this Job 
 Posted 
 December 11, 2020 
 Full Time 
 United Kingdom 
 Remote 
 Hello, we’re Glowmade! We’re a small, exciting company and the goal of our games is to unlock people's imagination and help them express themselves in wonderful, fun ways. Right now we’re busy building a new multiplayer cooperative game with an ambitious creative wrapper around it. We can’t say too much, but if you can imagine Jim Henson’s Labyrinth mashed up with Wrestlemania, then you’ll be on the right track! 
 We’ve got big hearts and big ideas, and this is an opportunity to play a pivotal role in our growing team. Reporting to Dom Clubb (Art Lead) you’ll be working closely with him to define and implement the way our game’s environments look and feel. 
 ‍ 
 ‍  From day one we would like you to... 
 
 Transform verbal direction, concept art, and your own ideas into high quality environment art. 
 Get involved in discussion around the broader direction for the game. 
 Get to know Glowmade’s internal creative tools, as well as bringing your own best practice and software recommendations.  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 In six months you will be... 
 
 The owner of our game’s environment art across multiple themes. 
 Working with artists both inside and outside of the studio in order to deliver on the game’s vision. 
 A central, supportive member of our small team.  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 The ideal candidate would… 
 
 Have created the environment art for one or more published games. 
 Be able to demonstrate taking work from a concept to in-game pixels (but not necessarily having done it all yourself). 
 Have expert 3D modeling skills. 
 But we are flexible for the right candidate! 
 
 ‍ 
 ‍  A Few More Bits: 
 This is an opportunity for you to make a significant contribution not only to the game but to our team and the company. Everyone at Glowmade has a voice, and it’s important to us that you feel empowered and are given the time and space to use it. 
 We’re based in Guildford, UK but offer flexible remote working options. We offer competitive wages and we are an actively equal opportunities employer. If all of the above sounds exciting and you think you can fill this pivotal role, please get in touch. No agencies please! 
 ‍ 
 Did you see our amazing first game? 
 Well, take a look at  WonderWorlds ! It's only our first ever game! But, is it really just a game? Or is it soon to become the foundation for an entirely new culture based on creativity, community, and storytelling? Ok, it is only a game, but it has all the above and more! Available now on iOS and coming soon to other platforms. 
 ‍ 
 ‍ 
 About the Team: 
 We're a bunch of friends who are super passionate about making things we love. Glowmade was started in 2015 by Jonny, Adam and Mike. Back then we didn't really know what we were going to end up making, but we knew we wanted it to be something creative and joyful. Something that makes us feel good, and hopefully you too. 
 Glowmade is a compact team, but we've got big hearts and big ideas, and right now we’re working on an unbelievably exciting, new, you-won’t-believe-your-eyes console game. 
 How to Apply: 
 For questions or to apply directly, get in touch:  jobs@glowmade.com 
 All applicants should provide examples of their work via a website, blog, email, or online album to be considered for this position. 
 Apply for this Job 
 related jobs 
 Impossible  is hiring a Environment Artistto join their team into work fromCanadaEnvironment ArtistImpossible  | CanadaLearn More 
 Lazy River is hiring a 3D Animator/Riggerto join their team into work fromAnywhere3D Animator/RiggerLazy River | AnywhereLearn More 
 uvula is hiring a 3D Environment Artistto join their team into work fromAnywhere3D Environment Artistuvula | AnywhereLearn More 
 inkle is hiring a Hand Drawn Animatorto join their team into work fromAnywhereHand Drawn Animatorinkle | AnywhereLearn More 
 KO_OP is hiring a 2D Background Artistto join their team into work fromCanada2D Background ArtistKO_OP | CanadaLearn More 
 Roboto Games is hiring a UI Artist/Generalistto join their team into work fromAnywhereUI Artist/GeneralistRoboto Games | AnywhereLearn More 
 Indie games are wonderful. So are the people that make them. 
 Make wonderful games. Be wonderful people. Work With Indies. 
 Thank you for joining the Work With Indies newsletter! The next issue will arrive on Sunday. 
 Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again. 
 *Sign up to receive a weekly digest of new indie career opportunities. 
 WORK WITH INDIES 
 We’ve been lucky to have some incredible jobs working at and partnering with some of the biggest brands in video games. 
 But we’ve never had more fun and been more fulfilled than when we were working with indie game developers. 
 Everyone in games should have that much fun. 
 Our hope is that Work With Indies will connect job seekers with the most rewarding, most inspirational, and most fun jobs they've ever had. 
 NAVIGATION 
 
 Post a Job 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 RSS 
 Communities 
 Nick's Cat 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 
 nathan@workwithindies.com 
 twitter.com/workwithindies 
 facebook.com/workwithindies 
 
 ^ 
 Made by 
 @natethenate 
 and 
 @nsuttner 
 for people who 
 indie games. 
 © 2021  A Lot of Happy LLC 
