WORK WITH INDIES beta 
 Browse Jobs 
 Art & Animation 
 Audio 
 Business & Operations 
 Design 
 Marketing & Community 
 Production 
 Programming 
 QA & CS 
 Writing 
 Post a Job 
 Back to all jobs See allWritingjobs 
 Writer 
 Squanch Games Apply for this Job 
 Posted 
 November 27, 2020 
 Full Time 
 Anywhere 
 Remote 
 As a writer at Squanch Games, you are in charge of writing the dialog and backstory for the comedic narrative we bring to life here at our studio. You love thinking about how to bring great character-driven narrative to life. Timing and dialogue are extremely important to you and you have great ideas on how to make this even more impactful and funny in games. 
 At Squanch Games, we make stuff that people love; Games that we want to play ourselves. We make experiences that we would like to be totally immersed in and enjoy for hours at a time, as well as shorter, crazier experiences that would be great to play with a group of friends or possibly with stray homeless people that you invited in so you could feed and bathe them. 
 If you share in these values, come join us! 
 ‍ 
 ‍  As our Writer you would: 
 
 Write dialog and exposition for a comedy based game 
 Work with our CCO and Head Writer to produce world and character outlines for our narrative team 
 Seek feedback and adjust as necessary, communicating along the way 
 Collaborate with our narrative team to adjust writing to our game needs 
 Be able to write under short deadlines when the need arises 
 Have a keen attention to detail – can spot grammatical errors and fact check 
 Be creative – you're a font of interesting ideas and can suggest new stories that will resonate with our audience 
 Be able to act independently on writing tasks  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 You are: 
 
 Experienced: You probably have experience in game development, specifically as a writer. You have experience with both short and long ship cycles with scrappy teams. You may have experience in comedy writing instead of games. 
 A gamer: You read and/or play games most days. You know what’s going on in our industry and can’t wait to talk to others about it. 
 Curious, passionate, and don't take yourself too seriously 
 Funny 
 Collaborative: You know that the best work comes from a team who trusts and respects each other. You strive to collaborate with others and don’t care whose ideas win. The best ideas win. 
 
 ‍ 
 Working at Squanch Games 
 Do you like and make video games? Do you like bringing joy to people's lives? You're in the right place. 
 You may have some game dev experience, or you may be a master video game adventurer, but either way, you need to be crazy passionate about what makes games and learning the latest tech and methods that make best use of the platform. 
 We are still in start-up phase, so expect all of the things that come with start-up life. Namely: working with some of the most creative names in the biz, expectation to step into roles that may make you uncomfortable, but are required for making good, and having major impact in the creation and building of a superfun studio. 
 Location  : We encourage folks who live in or are able to relocate to Los Angeles, CALIFORNIA or Wake County, NORTH CAROLINA to apply. If you are not willing to be in these places, we may be open to remote candidates, so send along your resume anyways. 
 ‍ 
 ‍ 
 Our History  ‍ 
 The idea for Squanch Games has been in the brain of Justin Roiland, co-creator of Rick and Morty, for multiple years before the studio got properly started up. A gamer his whole life, he awoke to the idea of doing game design once he played with an Oculus DK2 headset. The possibilities of the technology and how it could be used for comedy combined with great gameplay was super exciting. 
 Justin reached out to multiple potential developers, including Crows Crows Crows for the opportunity to collaborate and to just make some funny and fun stuff. 
 In 2016, Justin met up with Tanya Watson, an industry veteran who had previously worked at Epic Games on titles such as  Gears of War  ,  Bulletstorm  , and  Fortnite . Also a gamer her whole life, Tanya and Justin found a common desire to start a studio where they could join forces to make fun, new, and hilarious content that could be enjoyed across multiple platforms. 
 With their powers combined, they formed Squanch Games. 
 Apply for this Job 
 related jobs 
 IGN is hiring a Guides Editorto join their team into work fromS.F. or L.A. Guides EditorIGN | S.F. or L.A. Learn More 
 Triband is hiring a Narrative Designerto join their team into work fromCopenhagen, DKNarrative DesignerTriband | Copenhagen, DKLearn More 
 Shiro Games is hiring a Senior Narrative Designerto join their team into work fromBordeaux, FRSenior Narrative DesignerShiro Games | Bordeaux, FRLearn More 
 Squanch Games is hiring a Writerto join their team into work fromAnywhereWriterSquanch Games | AnywhereLearn More 
 Giant Army is hiring a Science Writer & Community Advocateto join their team into work fromAnywhereScience Writer & Community AdvocateGiant Army | AnywhereLearn More 
 PC Gamer is hiring a News Writerto join their team into work fromUnited KingdomNews WriterPC Gamer | United KingdomLearn More 
 Indie games are wonderful. So are the people that make them. 
 Make wonderful games. Be wonderful people. Work With Indies. 
 Thank you for joining the Work With Indies newsletter! The next issue will arrive on Sunday. 
 Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again. 
 *Sign up to receive a weekly digest of new indie career opportunities. 
 WORK WITH INDIES 
 We’ve been lucky to have some incredible jobs working at and partnering with some of the biggest brands in video games. 
 But we’ve never had more fun and been more fulfilled than when we were working with indie game developers. 
 Everyone in games should have that much fun. 
 Our hope is that Work With Indies will connect job seekers with the most rewarding, most inspirational, and most fun jobs they've ever had. 
 NAVIGATION 
 
 Post a Job 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 RSS 
 Communities 
 Nick's Cat 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 
 nathan@workwithindies.com 
 twitter.com/workwithindies 
 facebook.com/workwithindies 
 
 ^ 
 Made by 
 @natethenate 
 and 
 @nsuttner 
 for people who 
 indie games. 
 © 2021  A Lot of Happy LLC 
