  
 Menu Bar 
 
 __ 
 
 Go 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Job Search 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 New Graduates 
 Job Sites & Resources 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 
 
 Networking 
 
 Networking Tips 
 Networking Etiquette 
 Networking Events 
 Social Media & Online Networking 
 Elevator Speech 
 Informational Interviews 
 Networking Mistakes 
 FAQ About Networking 
 
 
 
 Cover Letter 
 
 Cover Letter Tips 
 Cover Letter Format 
 Cover Letter Samples 
 Cover Letter Mistakes 
 FAQ About Cover Letter Writing 
 
 
 
 Resume 
 
 Resume Tips 
 Resume Format 
 Resume Template 
 Resume Samples 
 Customizing Your Resume 
 Resume Formatting 
 Ideas & Alternatives 
 Resume Mistakes 
 Resume Writers 
 FAQ About Resume Writing 
 
 
 
 Interview 
 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Questions 
 Interview Skills 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Mistakes 
 Follow Up Interview Email 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Career Advancement 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 Continuing Education 
 Productivity 
 Work Relationships 
 Work Environment 
 Work Life Balance 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 
 Go 
 
  Home   
  Job Search   
  Job Search Tips   
 3 Ways to Identify and Showcase Your Skills to Land a Job 
 
 3 Ways to Identify and Showcase Your Skills to Land a Job 
 by Amit De 
 It takes just six seconds or less for your resume to finds its way into the designated interview pile or the recycling bin. With such a small window of time, it's essential that you present yourself in such a way that ensures the immediate attention of anyone who looks at your resume or professional social networks. 
 A clear and concise portrayal of your professional skills, along with pertinent job-specific information, and an easy-to-see visual hierarchy will not only get your resume looked at, but also get you a call-back. 
 Here are 3 ways to identify and showcase your skills to land a job: 
 1) Identify Your Skills 
 Even if you've recently updated your resume, it's important to customize your skills to each position you apply for. Carefully read through each job posting you're applying for and identify the key skills necessary. Carefully craft your skill set to match the position you're applying to, but remember that lying on your resume is never OK. It's essential to understand that the job search is about quality and not quantity, job seekers who apply to anything and everything waste more time and energy than those who craft their resumes specifically to the positions they are most qualified for. 
 Many job seekers overlook the fact that valuable skills don't just come from paid employment. Think back to all of your volunteer experiences, college classes, side projects, and even your hobbies. Each of those experiences offered an opportunity to develop a new skill. Truly understanding the breadth and depth of your experiences will help you recall skills that you might otherwise have overlooked. Some different types of skills categories are management, organizational, and interpersonal. 
 2) Place Your Skills Where They Can Be Seen 
 More often than not, the skills section gets buried at the bottom of a resume, completely out of sight at the quick glance of a hiring manager or recruiter. Pique the curiosity of your audience by placing your skills at the top of your resume. Once they see that you have what it takes, this will lead them to read further into your experiences. 
 Keep in mind that an unfortunate part of the resume process is the fact that human resources is actually losing its human value. The use of resume-reviewing software cuts down the work of hiring managers, but it also means that your resume is headed to the trash if it lacks the keywords necessary for the position. To add extra value to your skills section, take the time to familiarize yourself with the company website, mission, and the words they use. 
 3) Take It Online 
 A great way to showcase your skills is by putting them online. This is where a solid grasp of professional social networking is quite handy. Whatever social networking sites you are using professionally, make sure that your skills are there for all eyes to see. LinkedIn recently released a  feature  where others can endorse your skills, making it even more important to utilize the platform in your job search. On Twitter, use your small bio as a place to showcase your skills and interests during your job search. Most importantly, carefully spend your time and money crafting a website to display pieces of your portfolio and leverage your skills. 
 
 Amit De   is the CEO and Co-founder of   Careerleaf ,  an all-in-one job search platform that cuts the time to apply in half. Connect with Amit and Careerleaf on   Facebook ,   Twitter   and   LinkedIn . 
 Job Search Center 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 Job Sites & Resources by Profession 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 Recommended Articles 
 
 Why HR Just Isn't Into You  
 Back to Work: Advice for Parents Returning to the Workforce  
 Job Fairs Aren't for Sissies: 10 Tips to Improve Your Chances  
 What Happens When an Employer Does a Background Check About You?  
 5 Best Career Change Ideas and Advice in your Midlife  
 Prepare for Your Pre-Employment Assessment  
 
 FAQ 
 
 How to Write Your Resume and Cover Letter if You've Been Absent from the Workforce for a While? 
 How to Showcase Your Accomplishments? 
 How to Choose a Career That Fits Your Personality? 
 What Happens When an Employer Does a Background Check? 
 What Can You Do if You're Lacking Experience? 
 
 Job Search Center 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 Job Sites & Resources by Profession 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 Become a Contributor 
 We are always on the lookout for good writers. If you are a resume writer, career coach or human resources professional and would like to contribute, please  get in touch  and earn your badge! 
 
 WorkBloom's goal is to help you find work and reach your highest aspirations, one step at a time. 
 Featured Resources 
 
 Resume Writing 101  __ 
 Over 300 Resume Samples  __ 
 Cover Letter Writing 101  __ 
 Over 200 Cover Letter Samples  __ 
 The Holland Codes / RIASEC  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Job Search Center  __ 
 Networking Center  __ 
 Cover Letter Center  __ 
 Resume Center  __ 
 Interview Center  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Career Center  __ 
 Students & New Graduates Center  __ 
 Contributors  __ 
 Contact Us  __ 
 
 Copyright © 2006-2020 | All Rights Reserved |  Privacy Policy 
 × 
 Send 
