Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Client Associate, Mid-Market 
 Gallagher 
 __Fruitland, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Gallagher is a global leader in insurance, risk management and consulting services. We help businesses grow, communities thrive and people prosper. We live a culture defined by The Gallagher Way, our set of shared values and guiding tenets. A culture driven by our people, over 30,000 strong, serving our clients with customized solutions that will protect them and fuel their futures. 
 About the Role 
 You will provide administrative support to the Account Management team, assisting them in all aspects related to servicing and renewing client insurance policies; preparing documents, assisting in resolving billing issues and keeping up-to-date client files. 
 What You Will Be Doing 
Supporting a designated portfolio, you will play an essential role in business retention, ensuring clients have a seamless Insurance renewal experience. This means keeping up-to-date documents on company portals, preparing renewals and endorsements, processing web-based changes, assisting in crafting client presentations, preparing RFPs, and further strengthening insurance partner relationships. 
Continuing to build insurance subject matter expertise, constantly upgrading skillsets and broadening insurance technical expertise through training on specific coverage lines, insurance products and client management systems. 
You will always be challenged with more, putting knowledge and skills developed in role into immediate use; eventually communicating with and making client-related decisions independently. 
Develop mastery of Gallagher’s vast network of resources to improve efficiency and effectiveness in delivering client materials. 
Always ensure Gallagher's ethical standards are exemplified, ethical behaviour promoted and all tenants of The Gallagher Way upheld. 
What Makes You Successful 
 With a passion for acquiring new skills and tackling new challenges, you seek a role where you will not only learn the business of Insurance, but also be able to have an immediate impact on the business. 
 Being in a fast paced, dynamic environment brings out the best in you, always able to prioritize effectively, allowing you to exceed client expectations every time! 
 Working collaboratively and building relationships comes naturally to you, whether that’s with clients or colleagues - people love working with you, and you with them. 
 Going the “Extra Mile” in order to achieve results and make clients happy is something you take great pride in. 
 Highly tech-savvy, with an ability to learn new systems, tools and processes. 
 Education and Experience 
 Post-Secondary education required, College/University Degree highly preferred. 
 Experience in an Insurance Brokerage or Customer Facing Environment highly preferred. 
 Successful completion of Insurance Broker License within 3 months of start date. 
 Gallagher offers competitive salaries and benefits, including; medical, dental, vision plans, life and accident insurance, pension plan, employee stock purchase plan, educational expense reimbursement, employee assistance programs, opportunity for flexible work hours, and training programs. 
 We are an equal opportunity employer which values diversity in the workplace. As an equal opportunity employer we support and are happy to accommodate any individual needs in keeping with the relevant Human Rights, Accessibility and Employment legislation. Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. 
 #LI-AM2 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
