
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 Featured Employer 
 About Us   Benefits   Culture   Diversity   Video    Open Jobs    Company Information 
 Open Jobs 
 Engineer Facilities Electrical 
 Albuquerque, New Mexico 
 Set up a [Job Alert](/jobs?keywords=Employer:"UNM%20Hospital" OR EMPLOYER_ID:"1212246"&createAlert=1&saveAs=UNM%20Hospital%20Job%20Postings&) to be notified when UNM Hospital posts new jobs. 
 About Us 
 As a teaching hospital and the only Level 1 Trauma Center in the state of New Mexico, we offer our professionals the opportunity to do impactful work and to grow, as individuals and a team. 
 
 New Mexico's only Academic Medical Center 
 Serving more than 450,000 outpatients each year 
 Recognized for 13 pediatric subspecialties 
 Treating more than 90,000 emergency patients annually 
 Operating a variety of clinics throughout Albuquerque 
 
 Through our community-responsive, culturally competent patient care, education, and clinical research programs, our vision is to be the leader in improving New Mexico's health outcomes. 
 We aspire to be one of the nation's leading university hospitals--both an excellent academic institution and an innovative, community-oriented public teaching hospital. 
 Benefits 
 At UNM Hospitals, our benefits program reflects a commitment to the professionals who provide exceptional care. As a part of our team, we will give you the support you need to do your best work and live your best life. Our offerings blend a core level of protection with a variety of optional benefit choices, giving you the flexibility to select the benefits that fit your needs. We also provide retirement savings plans to help you reach your goals for the future.  Learn more . 
 Culture 
 Discover a world-class care environment that will bring out the best in you. Inspired by our identity as a teaching hospital, we are highly motivated professionals who are always looking to learn and grow. Find the collaboration, support, and autonomy you need to excel, and join our team in providing care for people throughout our community, our state, and our region.  View our brochure . 
 When you choose UNM Hospitals, you are choosing to live in Albuquerque, New Mexico, the heart of the Southwest. Albuquerque is a blend of old and new, rural, and urban, artistic expression and natural wonder. Living in Albuquerque is not for spectators! Be prepared to jump right in to the vibrant, engaging culture of the Southwest. 
 Diversity 
 Created in October 2010, the UNMH Office of Diversity, Equity & Inclusion (DEI) leads the effort to make sure that every UNMH patient receives the safest, most effective, most sensitive medical care possible, regardless of the patient's race, ethnicity, or any other group identity. We do this through data collection and analysis; community collaboration; cultural "competence" training, education and consulting; and process improvement. 
 Our vision is to become a nationally-recognized leader in diversity, equity and inclusion in U.S. healthcare; sought after for our innovation, creativity, significant results, and expertise, particularly regarding the populations we serve. 
 Our Partners: 
 Interpreter Language Services 
 Native American Health Services 
 Health Literacy 
 LGBT Collaborative 
 Identifying and addressing any health disparities in the care patients receive at UNM Hospitals is the first, and principal, goal of the DEI initiative. Health disparities are "racial or ethnic differences in the quality of healthcare that are not due to access-related factors or clinical needs, preferences, and appropriateness of intervention." (Unequal Treatment, Institute of Medicine (IOM), 2003). 
 "UNM Hospitals is proud to have an Office of Diversity, Equity and Inclusion, and we completely support sustained efforts at ensuring equity in the delivery of healthcare. Disparities are multi-factorial, and we must be prepared to address them in the overall system, in our processes, and in the care given by our healthcare professionals. The Office of DEI will ensure that we reduce any identified disparities, and improve the care we provide for an increasingly diverse patient population," said Steve McKernan, CEO UNM Hospitals. 
 Five bodies guide and implement DEI: 
 The executive-level Diversity, Equity & Inclusion (DEI) Steering Committee focuses on governance, leadership and systems 
 The "4 C's" task forces: 
 
 Compliance: active since November 2009: data collection and analysis, and compliance with national standards 
 Community: active since July 2010: mutually beneficial community engagement and partnership 
 Competence: language access and services, and staff "cultural competence" training and development 
 Care: patient involvement, and creating a culturally and linguistically appropriate care model and processes 
 
 Video 
 Engineer Facilities Electrical 
 Albuquerque, New Mexico 
 Set up a [Job Alert](/jobs?keywords=Employer:"UNM%20Hospital" OR EMPLOYER_ID:"1212246"&createAlert=1&saveAs=UNM%20Hospital%20Job%20Postings&) to be notified when UNM Hospital posts new jobs. 
 Back to Top 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
