Skip to content 
   
  Facebook __ 
  Pinterest __ 
  Envelope __ 
 
 Work at Home Jobs 
 Make Extra Money 
 Work From Home Tips 
 Start Here 
 Blog 
 About Me 
 
 __ Menu 
 
 Work at Home Jobs 
 Make Extra Money 
 Work From Home Tips 
 Start Here 
 Blog 
 About Me 
 
 Put Your Voice to Work with Voice Over Jobs from Home 
 
 Bridget 
  __ January 14, 2020   
 
 Do you have a good speaking voice? Voice over jobs from home can be a great way for moms who need an income to make some extra money. 
 Most people assume that in order to be a voice actor, you need to have access to an agent or a professional studio, but that isn't true. 
 Thanks to the power of the internet, there are plenty of people making an excellent income from this job, right from the comfort of their own home. 
 Few people realize just how much voice over work is available. 
 When you hear the words, "voice over," you probably think of commercials or movie trailers, but there is so much more to it than that. Voice over artists are needed for radio ads, television ads, web videos, phone messages, audiobooks, and more! 
 What is Voice Over Work? 
 Also known as voice acting, voice over work is simply when you use your voice on film, radio, internet or the phone. Anytime you hear someone's voice but don't see their face, that's voice over. 
 When you become a voice over artist, you need more than just a nice voice. You also need to be able to convey meaning and emotion through that voice, without the benefit of having the listener view your body cues. 
 In some cases, especially with audiobooks, the acting part is a very important of voice over work. You'll need to be able to seamlessly transition from one character to the next and express a range of emotions, all with your voice. 
 Who Can Do Voice Over Work? 
 Voice over work might be a good job for you if you have a clear, pleasant speaking voice. Still, even if you do have a good voice you must keep in mind that like any freelance job, there is some hustle that's involved in order to succeed. 
 Because there's a lot that's expected of a voice over actor, it can be helpful to take a course or class if you have no previous experience. 
 Even if you don't have any prior training, don't let a lack of experience hold you back. Everyone has to start from somewhere, and this work at home job may be your big start at a voice over career. 
 What Equipment Do I Need? 
 In order to succeed with one of these voice over jobs from home, you'll likely need to invest in some equipment upfront. 
 Don't spend a lot of money until you're confident that this job works for you, but you should prepare to have headphones, a microphone and mic stand, and any necessary software (you'll find that this is job-specific). 
 In addition to the right equipment, you'll need a quiet area in your home where you can work without fear of interruption or background noise. 
 Where Can I Find Voice Over Jobs? 
 There are a number of companies that specialize especially in providing voice over jobs from home. If you want to get started, check with one of these top companies: 
 Voices.com 
 Voices.com  is a huge platform with jobs that cater to thousands of talented voice actors. You'll find everything here from commercial voice overs to audiobooks to animated cartoons. 
 You can join their large talent community for free, or pay for a premium account which makes it easier to browse jobs and bumps you up higher in the results so you're more likely to get hired. 
 Snap Recordings 
 Snap Recordings  specializes in recording telephone greetings, hold messages, voice prompts, and similar recordings. In order to be considered, you must provide a demo reel. 
 While they hire people from all over the world, they boast having over 100 industry-leading voice talents available, which means they're likely very choosy about who they hire. 
 Fiverr 
 Fiverr  can have a bad rap in the work from home world because it's generally low paying. While it's often a no-go for freelancers who want to make a serious income, it can actually be a good place to get started if you're a beginner voice over artist. 
 Yes, the minimum job posting pays just five bucks, but you can charge much more than that offering add-ons or extras that make your gig stand out. 
 Filmless 
 If you have previous voice over experience, you may want to check out  Filmless . This company hires freelance voice over artists but prefers that you do have at least five years of experience in this field. You'll also have a better shot at getting hired if you're able to turn around work within 24 hours, and you have your own home studio. 
 Bunny Studio Voice 
 Previously known as Voice Bunny,  Bunny Studio Voice  is another platform that might be a good match if you have previous experience and can work on professional equipment. This site works with over 28,000 voice artists covering 50 languages. 
 One of the nice things about this platform is that you're able to set your own rates and the company works to match talent with appropriate projects. 
 Bodalgo 
 Bodalgo  is a nice platform because once you get accepted, you can set your own rates and send your demos directly to clients who post projects. If the client wants to work with you, he'll contact you directly. You don't have to pay a commission or fee to Bodalgo for any jobs you find through them. 
 The Voice Realm 
 The Voice Realm  has over 5,000 voice over artists on their platform. In order to work with them, you need to send in a demo and be accepted onto their platform. 
 Mandy 
 Mandy  is a huge directory of jobs across the film, TV, and theater industry. Not only can you create a profile where you showcase your talent and audition for jobs, but you also have access to other service providers who can help boost your work. 
 When you're on the site you can even network with other professionals and receive member training. 
 LinkedIn 
 If you don't already have a profile on  LinkedIn , you need to make one. It's one of the best places to showcase your talent and find a job, no matter what field you're in. 
 Make a demo of your very best work, and then show yourself as available for a job. Recruiters regularly scour this site and reach out to people who match their job expectations. 
 Working as a Freelancer 
 If you have prior voice over experience, you could also consider working on your own as a freelancer. I recently saw a listing for a Freelance Voice Over Artist on the job site Indeed.com, so I'd keep an eye out on these types of job platforms as well. 
 In order to succeed as a freelancer, you'll need to know industry rates so you can set your own competitive prices, and have a demo reel ready and waiting to send to prospective clients. 
 While voice over jobs from home aren't for everyone, they can be a good option if you possess the right talent and skill. If you're a mom who's made money from home with this job, I'd love to hear about your experience! 
 Learn 100 Ways You Can Make Money From Home - FREE 
 Sign up here to receive my weekly newsletter, where I regularly share helpful work-from-home tips and advice. 
 You'll also get my  FREE  eBook,  100 Ways to Make Money From Home . 
 Yes, Send Me My eBook! 
 Thank you! 
 You have successfully joined our subscriber list. 
 Leave a Comment  Cancel Reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Type here.. 
 Name* 
 Email* 
 Website 
 __ Search 
 Hi, I'm Bridget Sielicki. 
 I'm a freelance writer and a mom of four. For the past 10 years, I've been working from home as a freelance writer, creating content for major brands like Hertz Car Rental, Bankrate.com, and Credit Sesame. 
 Working from home has been a dream come true for me. Now I want to share my expertise with you, so you can make money while you're home with your own kids.  Learn more here. 
 Copyright 2021 | Work at Home Savvy | All Rights Reserved 
 Terms of Use  |  Privacy Policy  |  Disclaimer 
 Affiliate disclosure: As an Amazon Associate, we may earn commissions from qualifying purchases from Amazon.com 
 We are using cookies to give you the best experience on our website. By hitting Accept, you're agreeing to the use of these cookies. 
 Accept Reject 
 Close GDPR Cookie Settings 
 
 Privacy Overview 
 Strictly Necessary Cookies 
 
 Powered by  GDPR Cookie Compliance 
 Privacy Overview 
 This website uses cookies so that we can provide you with the best user experience possible. Cookie information is stored in your browser and performs functions such as recognising you when you return to our website and helping our team to understand which sections of the website you find most interesting and useful. 
 Strictly Necessary Cookies 
 Strictly Necessary Cookie should be enabled at all times so that we can save your preferences for cookie settings. 
 Enable or Disable Cookies 
 If you disable this cookie, we will not be able to save your preferences. This means that every time you visit this website you will need to enable or disable cookies again. 
 Enable All Save Settings 
