
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Landed (W19) 
 Marketplace for businesses to hire fast with video. 
 Full-Stack Software Engineer 
 $40k - $65k • 
 Location 
 Remote 
 Job Type 
 Contract 
 Experience 
 3+ years 
 About Landed 
 We help stores hire part-time and full-time retail associates with video. Candidates upload quick 15sec videos of themselves answering commonly asked interview questions. We then match them to open jobs in their area. Store hiring managers can quickly assess fit with our video profiles on each candidate. 
 Come work with us to find and empower talent, while solving the biggest problem facing retail today. We're looking for innovative thinkers and rebellious spirits to join our team at Landed HQ. 
 About the role 
 Skills:  React Native, Ruby on Rails 
 This is an exciting opportunity to join Landed as part of the founding engineering team. You will become the primary engineer across all of our user-facing and backend software. This is an excellent opportunity to take full ownership of our platform, gain experience across the stack, and play a pivotal role in Landed’s startup journey. You will work directly with the CEO to design and build new features, help roll out new products, and increase customer yield and retention. You will also support engineering operations, maintenance, and a number of projects across our backend. 
 Responsiblities: •Own our products from top to bottom - everything from our front end mobile app to our backend logic and admin operations •Design and build systems according to the needs of our business. Develop new features and UIs. •Maintain, operate, scale and improve the current product and processes •Build a system that delights its users •Maintain high engineering and security standards, and continuously improve our codebases and processes •Fix any bugs or issues that arise •Work with others across the company to develop and iterate at scale 
 An Ideal Candidate: •Has 3+ years of software development experience •Is proficient in React Native or similar technologies •Is proficient in Ruby on Rails or similar technologies •Enjoys significant ownership and is able to work independently •Is comfortable in a variety of engineering settings, from frontend UX changes to database design to quick-and-dirty ruby scripts •Likes to ship code and test user-facing changes •Can learn quickly in a new environment and a takes on a can-do attitude •Has experience working at a startup or similar fast paced environment •Holds either a Bachelor’s degree in a technical field involving coding (e.g., Computer Science, Engineering, Physics, Mathematics) or equivalent technical experience 
 Benefits: •Remote & Flexible Work Arrangements •Inclusive Work Environment •Fast upward career growth •Equity based on performance after first few months 
 Technology 
 Other jobs at Landed 
 Sales Development Representative 
 fulltime 
 San Francisco / Remote 
 $40k - $70k 
 0.05% - 0.30% 
 Any (new grads ok) 
 Account Executive 
 fulltime 
 remote / Remote 
 1+ years 
 Growth Manager 
 fulltime 
 remote / Remote 
 1+ years 
 Full-Stack Software Engineer 
 contract 
 Remote 
 Full Stack 
 $40k - $65k 
 3+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
