Skip to content 
 The NatakCrew Blog 
 Find jobs in film industry 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Contact 
 
 Category: Find Acting Jobs and Movie Jobs 
 The Real Act: Sushanth Singh Rajput’s Death And Performing Through Depression 
 This is a personal blog from a member of our social media team’ - Maha Sami 
 “Tum itna jo muskura rahein ho.. kya ghum hai jisko chupa rahe ho” 
­­­–Jagjit Singh 
 The death of Sushanth Singh Rajput came as a huge shock to the film industry & Bollywood fans. It’s been a month since this heartbreaking news flooded our social media newsfeed but I’m sure that many of us are still as devastated as the first day we read about his untimely death. Two words are being heard repeatedly due to this: nepotism and depression. While nepotism does exist in the film industry in an obvious way, I’m here to talk about the latter. 
 Often times depression can be mistaken as being just plain “sad.” Even for me, acknowledging the term  depression  took me a long time. To be more accurate, I only understood that term after the greatest achievement of my life—that is, becoming a mother. Doesn’t make sense, does it? How can someone suffer from depression after being blessed with a child? I have the biggest joy of my life on one side, and this unrecognizable deep sadness on the other. 
 Similarly, how does a famous actor who has achieved a lot in his career and earned recognition for all his various roles be suffering from depression? Sushanth Singh Rajput was a very talented actor. If depression had a face, it probably wouldn’t have been his ever-smiling one. Yet, he suffered. We don’t know entirely what other factors contributed to that condition, but the truth is his death has left many of his fans confused. “Why him? He had everything going for him! He is good looking… makes no sense.” 
 Just like a mother suffering from postpartum depression, an actor (or anyone for that matter) can also suffer from that mental pain despite having it all. Because the reality is, depression doesn’t mean just being plain “sad.” It’s not there to gain sympathy, it isn’t an excuse to get attention. But it does attack you out of nowhere—the lingering emptiness, the sudden identity crisis. It doesn’t see how perfectly beautiful your child is or how successful you are at your workplace or how many awards you have won. And for family, friends, even fans, it is hard to see the reality behind the glamour and material achievements. I’ve been guilty of that, too. The least we can do is recognize this pain in our loved ones and in ourselves. 
 We need to open up conversations that could probably end up saving someone’s life. I can’t stress enough how important it is to talk to a loved one or anyone you’re comfortable with about this. It surely helped me see light at the end of the dark tunnel. But we need to be that person for others, too. Listen to their language, ask people directly how they are feeling, and point people to resources if you have any inkling they need support. 
 Rest in peace, Sushanth Singh Rajput. Thank you for gifting the film industry with your brilliant performances in  Kai Po Che!  ,  MS Dhoni  ,  Chhichhore  and many others. Can’t wait to watch his last movie,  Dil Bechara . Hope you all got a glimpse of his trailer. 
 Natak Crew   Find Acting Jobs and Movie Jobs ,  Performing Through Depression ,  Struggle Of Joining the Film Industry   Leave a comment   9th Aug 20204th Sep 2020  2 Minutes 
 The struggle of joining the film industry 
 Joining in the film industry, to one who aspires to become a part of it is not an easy task as we think of. If you wish to be a part of the film industry, you can be. But if you wish to become a successful person in the film industry, then be informed this is not the field you can succeed so easily without any hard work. 
 Right from Bollywood to Kollywood, the person who doesn’t have a film based background struggles more for joining the Film Industry. Even the top actors and actresses such as Amitabh Bachchan, Akshay Kumar, Sushant Singh Rajput, Shraddha Kapoor, KanganaRanaut, VidyaBalan, and many more. Joining in the films was not a cake-walk for them. If you aspire to be in the Film Industry, and to be successful, develop your hidden potentials before entering into it. 
 There are a number of ways you can think of, ask suggestions, join various agent companies, and consult with them, before getting your feet into it. Becoming a person and successful in the film industry is not just about talent. It is all about how you connect with people. One of the ultimate ways to join in the film industry is to use networking. One can grow easily with networking. If you are new to the film industry without any background, hiring a talent agent is the best solution. 
 Breakouts for the struggles 
 · Hire Agents 
 Finding trustworthy and the best agents in the film industry are the most ridiculous task. But the right agency can take you to the right position and bring success to your film career. The perfect agents find you the right auditions and casting calls. Beware that the agency you opt for should be licit and bring your talent as a brand to real life. 
 · Audition calls 
 As a part of breaking a  struggle in joining the film industry , you should be well prepared. Well prepared when you go for audition and casting calls. Usually, one can get a script for an audition before a day, and have to be prepared for it. Be it a dialogue or a songline or whatever maybe, you have to bring out your potential talent exactly as they were looking for. 
 NatakCrew , the talent-hiring platform brings in numerous opportunities (a writer, musician, cameraman, filmmaker, actor, editor, make-up artist, stunts man, producer, lyricist, singer, animator, and so on) for those who wish to become a part of the film industry and be successful. One-stop solution for all your dream film positions. This is a wonderful breakdown for all your struggles to get into the film industry. This platform makes you a successful person in the right place and at the right time. 
 Build a strong career by building connections. Developing a good network of people in the film industry is what one needs to become a successful one and long last in this field. 
 “Right agency can take you to the right place at the right time without any struggles” 
 Natak Crew   Find Acting Jobs and Movie Jobs ,  natakcrew ,  Struggle Of Joining the Film Industry   Leave a comment   4th Aug 20204th Aug 2020  2 Minutes 
 How to find acting jobs and movie jobs - Natakcrew 
 If you have a desire or determination to achieve a dream of becoming an Actor / Actress or a member in cine field, first thing you have to do is searching for it. You can search for it several different ways possible. With your enough hard work you can get into the place where you wish for. But one of the most prominent ways of achieving your dream is hiring an Talent Platform, or call for/leader board ads, and via social media pages 
 1.Find a Talent Platform 
 A talent platform is a medium that allows you to create a professional profile and connect with talent agents, recruiters, independent film makers and studios. Natakcrew is a such a talent platform that lets you do all that in a simple manner and for free. Sign up today at  www.natakcrew.com  and get noticed. 
 2. Make connections via social media 
 Now a days, social media plays an important role in each and every business.  Facebook ,  Instagram , LinkedIn,  Twitter , and YouTube can give you more exposure and information in the film industry. One should be careful while approaching an agent through social media accounts. One of the best wat to communicate with the talent agents through social media is to build a healthy conversation by commenting on the photos, videos and by messaging them in person. 
 3. Gain Experience 
 Experience plays a vital role went it comes to acting jobs in movie and in film industry. Gain experience and more knowledge by participating on kind of films such as Horror, commercial or student based film, feature film, business oriented, short films or even documentary films. These things helps in building your experience, video reel, resume, reputation and in turn you can also be get noticed by talent hiring agents. These experience’s helps in building your acting career. 
 4. Showcase your talent 
 The talent hiring agents sometimes conduct open auditions to bring new talents into the film industry. Stand out from the crowd, and ensure you do extremely well in these auditions, as they are very competitive. First impressions are the best one, make sure you look professional and give your best. 
 5. Get on Meeting and Building healthy relationships 
 Once you came to know the talent hiring agents, set up a formal meeting with them. Talent hiring agents mostly look for someone with high confident level, born to acting and willing to go further extra mile to be successful in what they do. Explain the agents about your experiences, and prove that you will be a valuable one for their talent agency. 
 The right talent agent can take you to the right position. NatakCrew, a Talent agent based in Chennai, will be a right platform who looks for acting and movie jobs. Whatever you dream of, such as actor, musician, producer, singer, or even technicians and so on; NatakCrew can fulfill your dream with utmost satisfaction. Signup, create your profile, connect with people and start your dream Job! 
 #natakcrew #writer #musician #cameraman #filmmaker #actor #editor #makeupartist #stuntsman #producer #lyricist #animator #audioengineer #videoengineer #castingcall #actingaudition #vfxartist #singer #models #assistantdirector #director #executiveproducer #choreography #bollywood #tollywood #guitar #hairstylist #actingjobs #talenthunt #mollywood 
 Natak Crew   Find Acting Jobs and Movie Jobs ,  natakcrew   Leave a comment   21st Jul 202022nd Jul 2020  2 Minutes 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Create your website at WordPress.com 
 Get started 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
