Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 SAP Business Analyst 
 Capital Regional District 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Finance & Technology – Information Technology & GIS 
 Competition 
20/182 
 Status 
Regular Full time 
 Hours of Work 
70 hours bi-weekly 
 Rate of Pay 
$45.72 to $51.85 per hour 
 Review of applications begins 
4:00pm on December 9, 2020, and will remain open until filled 
 Summary 
The SAP Business Analyst is an integral part of the SAP functional team responsible for the ongoing support and development of the CRD’s Enterprise Resource Planning system. This position provides functional and business expertise in the SAP Plant Maintenance (PM) domain, also known as the Enterprise Asset Management (EAM). As a member of a support team responsible for delivering solutions that meet both customer requirements and corporate commitments, the position conducts and facilitates workshops with business units to gather requirements for complex business procedures while providing best business practices knowledge to aid the design process for the CRD. 
 Duties & Responsibilities 
 Collaborates with business units to understand their business needs and to define functional requirements and functional designs to support the organization’s strategy and goals 
Understands and utilizes business information to manage everyday operations and generates innovative solutions to approach business and administrative challenges; analyzes the strengths and weaknesses of alternatives and provides recommendations 
Validates or challenges existing business processes and identifies areas for improvements through business process standardization 
Facilitates business requirements analysis and functional design work sessions including creating business presentations, communications, and documentation to help achieve organizational goals 
Creates Business Requirements Documents and use cases to define business needs, project scope and objectives and provides resource estimates for preparation of business case and project costing 
Leads functional system design in the development of SAP applicable module(s) and its integration points 
Coordinates internal resources and consulting services for the execution of project 
Prepares and delivers system demonstrations to stakeholders to validate business approach 
Establishes and maintains relationships with SAP, external vendors and consulting firms to obtain additional insights, approaches and solutions to various business requirements 
Follows all defined technology standards and processes and provides input for improvements as required and/or identified 
Performs risk management, as outlined in the Project Charter, to minimize project risks 
Utilizes project management practices to tracks project performance, specifically to analyse the successful completion of short and long term goals; provides regular project status reports to management and stakeholders 
Prepares Change Management documentation for changes to the project scope, project schedule and project costs using appropriate verification techniques 
Develops and performs testing to ensure adequate testing of system configuration and integration across SAP applications (HCM, FICO, REFX) 
Provides expertise to train and support groups as appropriate before system go-lives 
Trains and/or mentors other team members, and peers as appropriate 
Uses an effective interpersonal style to build, inspire, and sustain a cohesive team by focusing the team on its mission and importance of the role to organizational success 
Remains current with developments in SAP applicable applications and related mobile technologies, including releases and enhancements/new functionality 
Follows all policies, procedures and standards of the CRD 
Performs other related duties as required 
 Qualifications 
A Bachelor’s degree in Information Technology plus a minimum of 6 years’ experience working in SAP or an equivalent ERP system performing functional design and development or an equivalent combination of education and experience 
Proven experience being involved in or leading SAP or equivalent ERP development projects 
Excellent communication (oral, written and presentation), interpersonal and customer service skills are required. 
Demonstrated knowledge and experience configuring and supporting SAP EAM, PM including supporting the mobile versions. 
Good understanding of SAP EAM, PM integration with Human Resources, Maintenance Management, Asset Accounting, Finance and Controlling, Real Estate Management and other SAP applications 
Experience with SAP reporting tools such as Report Writer, Report Painter, BW/BI and Business Objects tools such as Analysis for Office. 
Demonstrate operational and project management skills; must be results focused and team oriented. 
Experience working within an Enterprise Architecture, where systems and data have many inter-relationships and dependencies and an understanding of the critical nature of these relationships. 
Experience in information technology systems design and development methodologies as related to the systems development lifecycle. 
Knowledge of current trends in SAP related products and solutions (eg. ECC, Fiori, S/4HANA, Business Intelligence). 
Strong analytical and problem solving skills. 
Ability to elicit requirements from business users including experience facilitating requirements analysis and functional design working sessions. 
Experience overseeing teams of consultants focused on multiple simultaneous projects. 
Demonstrate ability to work both independently and as a member of a team. 
Strong leadership skills to provide advice and guidance to team members and end users. 
Direct experience with business process re-engineering. 
High level of proficiency and experience with Microsoft Excel, Word, MS Project, Visio and PowerPoint. 
Demonstrated ability to work under pressure, manage multiple priorities and respond to requests in a timely manner. 
Must possess a valid BC Driver’s License. 
 Applications 
To apply for this exciting opportunity, please submit your resume and covering letter online at www.crd.bc.ca under “Careers”. 
 The CRD thanks you for your interest and advises only those candidates under active consideration will be contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
