Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Scientist, Computational Biology 
 University Health Network 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 University Health Network (UHN) is looking for an experienced Computational Biology Scientist in our Research Department. 
 Transforming lives and communities through excellence in care, discovery and learning. 
 The University Health Network, where “above all else the needs of patients come first”, encompasses Toronto Rehabilitation Institute, Toronto General Hospital, Toronto Western Hospital, Princess Margaret Cancer Centre and the Michener Institute of Education at UHN. The breadth of research, the complexity of the cases treated, and the magnitude of its educational enterprise has made UHN a national and international resource for patient care, research and education. With a long tradition of groundbreaking firsts and a purpose of “Transforming lives and communities through excellence in care, discovery and learning”, the University Health Network (UHN), Canada’s largest research teaching hospital, brings together over 16,000 employees, more than 1,200 physicians, 8,000+ students, and many volunteers. UHN is a caring, creative place where amazing people are amazing the world. 
 University Health Network (UHN) is a network of research hospital affiliated with the University of Toronto and a member of the Toronto Academic Health Science Network. The scope of research and complexity of cases at UHN have made it a national and international source for discovery, education and patient care. Research across UHN's five research institutes spans the full spectrum of diseases and disciplines, including cancer, cardiovascular sciences, transplantation, neural and sensory sciences, musculoskeletal health, rehabilitation sciences, and community and population health. Find out about our purpose, values and principles here. 
 The Princess Margaret Cancer Centre at the University Health Network (UHN) is seeking an outstanding scientist with a research program focused on computational cancer biology with a special emphasis on integrative analysis of multimodal high-throughput molecular profiling data. We are seeking to recruit an early career PhD, MD or MD/PhD scientist. The successful candidate will have an outstanding research track record during their PhD, MD and post-doctoral training and be expected to develop an independent world-class research program. 
 The successful candidate will be part of the rich bioinformatics and computational biology community in Ontario across world-class institutes such as the Ontario Institute for Cancer Research and the Donnelly Centre for Cellular and Biomolecular Research. As a Scientist at the Princess Margaret Cancer Centre, the successful candidate will have access to expertise and resources available within the Data Science Program (pmdatascience.ca), the Computational Biology and Medicine Program (cbmp.ca) and the large-scale computing infrastructure of the HPC4Health (hpcforhealth.ca) and the recent SciNet4Health initiatives. As part of the Vector Institute, the candidate will have the freedom to pursue independent machine learning-based research initiatives. 
 About the Princess Margaret Cancer Centre at UHN 
Based in the heart of the vibrant and diverse city of Toronto, the Princess Margaret Cancer Centre is one of the world’s top cancer research institutes. Part of the University Health Network and affiliated with the University of Toronto, the Princess Margaret Cancer Centre is home to over 300 faculty clinicians and scientists. The Princess Margaret is world-renowned for ground-breaking cancer discoveries in areas including stem cells, genetics and epigenetics, and immune oncology. Seeing over 18,000 new patients per year, the Princess Margaret Cancer Centre has a vibrant clinical research program evaluating novel therapeutics with deep correlative studies and a basic research program developing cutting-edge technologies to study the multiple facets of carcinogenesis and therapy response. These technologies include single-cell sequencing and molecular profiling of liquid biopsies, enabling the characterization of tumor heterogeneity and evolution at an unprecedented resolution. 
 About the Vector Institute 
The Vector Institute (vectorinstitute.ai) is an independent non-profit entity, with Members and Affiliates from the University of Toronto and other Canadian universities. It is supported with generous funding from the provincial and federal governments, as well as Canadian industry. The Vector Institute is located in the MaRS Discovery District building, which houses over a hundred students, dozens of faculty members, hordes of state-of-the-art compute power, and an army of dedicated staff. 
 QUALIFICATION: 
At minimum, a PhD is required 
Experience in fostering collaborations between diverse research and clinical groups 
Experience in computational biology 
Expertise in managing and analyzing multi-omics and large data sets 
Track record that demonstrates publishing in high impact peer reviewed journals, obtaining funding from various sources, disseminating research at formal scientific meetings, and participation in the education and supervision of students and trainees 
Demonstrate strong leadership skills 
Effective communication (written and verbal), problem-solving and consensus building skills 
Excellent organization, interpersonal and time management skills 
 If you are interested in making your contribution at UHN, please apply on-line. You will be asked to copy and paste as well as attach your resume, CV and covering letter. You will also be required to complete some initial screening questions. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
