Work To The Wise 
 
 Home 
 Brain at Work 
 Workplace Tips 
 Job Search Cafe 
 Career Coaching 
 
 Putting the power of job change in YOUR hands 
 You are here:  Home  /  Job interviews  / Why Do I Get So Nervous During Job Interviews? 
 Why Do I Get So Nervous During Job Interviews? 
 By  Ronnie Ann   93 Comments 
 I just found "why do I get so nervous during job interviews?" among the search terms used to get to this blog. In fact, there are quite a few of you looking for help with job interview nerves. Clearly, being really stressed out by the interview process is not an isolated problem. (To say the least.) 
 So why do job interviews make us feel really nervous, even if we know we'd be great for the job? A good question indeed. I'll do my best to come up with some answers. And offer tips to help you fight those annoying nerves that may be keeping you from the job you want. 
 Job interviews are stressful by nature 
 The situation itself puts us out of our comfort zone. None of us like to give up control to others when it comes to something as important as your career. And almost everyone gets nervous during interviews to one extent or another -- sometimes even the interviewer is nervous! 
 I hope it helps to learn that most interviewers expect you to be at least a little nervous. But for some of us, the mere thought of being on the answer end of an interview question makes our nerves run wild -- way beyond a little nervous! And that can be a problem. 
 Actors are usually told to take their nerves and turn them into performance energy. It would be great if we could do this in interviews. And it's worth trying. But of course we don't get to rehearse our exact words the way actors do. For most of us, the only thing we gain from a bad case of interview nerves is a strong desire to run! 
 Worst of all … as much as we want to gain control of ourselves and our nerves during an interview, the more we try to control our nerves, the less relaxed we are. But of course what we want more than anything during interviews is to relax and just be ourselves. 
 Luckily there are some things you can do to help. But first let's answer the question I found… 
 Reasons you get nervous during job interviews 
 
 It's scary and uncomfortable being judged. 
 It's scary and uncomfortable being the focus and having to come up with good answers for whatever they ask you. 
 You don't know what they're going to ask. 
 You don't know for sure if what you say is a good answer. 
 Maybe you don't like talking about yourself. 
 Or you don't feel comfortable "selling" yourself. 
 You don't interview every day and so you aren't sure you know how to do it well. 
 Maybe you desperately need a job. 
 Or you worry that if you don't get this job there may not be another chance any time soon. 
 And you worry that you'll sound stupid. 
 You worry there's something about you or your background they'll hate. 
 You have no idea exactly what they're looking for. 
 And you hate the idea of being rejected based on just one short meeting. 
 You think you have to be more than you are. 
 
 Getting past interview fear & calming your nerves! 
 Luckily there are ways to help you get enough past the fear to still give a great interview despite your nerves. Actors for instance use those nerves to motivate a more energized and exciting performance. No reason you can't do that too if you're nervous during job interviews. 
 First and foremost, it helps to demystify that which we can't control. So make sure to give yourself a better understanding of the hiring process in general -- including  what goes on behind the scenes . 
 Add to that stronger interview skills plus a belief in yourself and your abilities. Also really important, a clear picture of how you match what the employer is looking for. 
 A few posts to help (plus more tips below): 
 Is Your Online Reputation Hurting Your Job Search? 
 What Are Transferable Skills? 
 15 Job Search Tips To Help You Get a Job 
 Please Help Me With My Phone Interview! 
 How to Tell If a Job Interview Went Well 
 18 Practical Tips to Help You Ace Your Job Interview 
 What Is a Behavioral Interview? 
 15 Things I Look for When I Interview People 
 After the Job Interview: Why Haven’t They Called Me Yet? 
 Job Interview Nerves? Tips for Before, During & After 
 12 Ways to Stay Sane After a Job Interview 
 What Is a Phone Screener? 
 Tips to help fight your interview nerves 
 And finally, if you don't feel like reading any of those posts (although I hope you read at least a few of them since they give a more detailed understanding), here are some quick tips I hope will at least help calm some of those interview nerves: 
 
 Do relaxation exercises the night before, when you wake up the morning of the interview, and right before the interview. Gentle, slow deep breathing (in four, hold seven, out eight) is a very good way to help relax your body. 
 Visualize the interview going well and everyone smiling and shaking hands afterward. (You may want to do this a few times prior to the actual interview day.) 
 Practice interviewing beforehand with the help of friends and/or family.  Practice a lot  until you start to feel more comfortable talking about yourself. 
 Research the company as much as possible to help you feel on top of things and answer intelligently. This will also help you come up with good questions to ask. 
 Prepare stories ahead of time that speak to the employer's needs and not simply toward your wants or interests. (Best of all is when they coincide.) 
 
 Now that you've done all that, on the day of the interview … trust in yourself and let it all go. It's already inside you and will be there when you need it. Remember to 
 
 Be in the moment (not thinking ahead or about what was just said). 
 Listen carefully to what you're asked. 
 Don't be afraid to ask for clarification if you need it. 
 And most of all  just be yourself . (I know from my own experience as an interviewer, this will help make the interview better for everyone.) 
 
 ⇒ EXTRA:  15 Things I Look for When I Interview People 
 Just remember:  You are fine exactly as you are and have things to offer your potential employer that no one else can. Your only job during the interview is to help them see who you really are. You don't have to be anyone else. 
 If nothing else works:  Give yourself permission to fail. That's right … tell yourself it's ok if you answer every single question completely wrong and come out looking like a complete idiot. You might also tell yourself this is just practice (and it doesn't really matter) to help ease some of the tension. Then just say "what the heck," be yourself, and go for it! 
 You don 't have to be perfect to get hired -- 
 Who knows what perfect means to them anyway? 
 They just want a real person who can do the job! 
 More posts to help 
 Interview Nerves? Tips for Before, During & After 
 How To Mentally Prepare for a Job Interview 
 [Post updated 2020] 
 About the author… 
 Ronnie Ann, founder of Work To the Wise and Work Coach Cafe, bases her real-world advice on her many years as an organizational consultant where she helped interview and hire people, added to a certificate from NYU in Career Planning & Development, as well as her many adventures as a serial job seeker. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Pocket 
 LinkedIn 
 Reddit 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 Related 
 Filed Under:  Job interviews 
 Comments 
 
 maharrison says 
 
 November 17, 2014 at 12:39 pm 
 PLEASE HELP!! I cry at every interview I go to. I have practiced, talked to myself in the mirror, read and answered questions over and over out loud and I still tear up when it comes down to the real interview. Tomorrow will be my second interview for an Office Manager for a State job. I was personally told to NOT cry in this second interview, but it is inevitable that I will. I am good for some of the interview, then for whatever reason, I just break down. I have tried breathing tactics, praying, fake interviews with people…everything. Do you have any advice that could possibly help me? Please!!! 
 Reply 
 * Susan P. Joyce says
 
 November 21, 2014 at 10:36 am 
 Hi! 
 My best recommendation is to try Dr. Amy Cuddy's  power poses  before the interview. They sound a bit wacky, but they actually change the hormone levels in your body to reduce the stress hormones and increase the confidence hormone levels. 
 On the day of your interview, do your power pose for a couple of minutes in private, and you WILL feel much better! 
 I know people who do these poses when they wake up in the morning to get their days off to a good start, and they are definitely a good idea before a job interview. 
 Let me know how it goes for you. 
 Good luck with your job interview and job search! 
Susan 
 Reply 
 
 Indira says 
 
 November 11, 2013 at 3:54 am 
 Hello there: 
I wanted to know if you had any publications or internet sites I could look at for researching how to deal with angry men in the workplace. I have a very strong personality in management. I am in consulting which is predominately male. I have experienced men who cannot cope with a female authority figure or collegue with an aggressive personality so they will try to yell or become difficult to intimidate. I never back down and want to work with them but they cannot deal with me challenging them so they start to yell. The soft skills are very very poor. I have been yelled at by a few men and I stand my ground and then tell them how unprofessional they behaved and then they apologize and then do it again. 
 I have worked with great professional men in other professions who were quite supportive and dynamic. 
It could be this basket of men on these projects are the "trolls" who probably can't get along with anyone anyway and that's why they are in consulting. Lack of people skills. 
 I have decided to always look for at least one female in executive mgt. which is a good indication that the firm is balanced and it doesn't then feel like a "developing" nation. 
 Thanks for your advice. cheers. 
 Reply 
 « Older Comments 
 Trackbacks 
 
 WHY are intervies so stressful (and scary?) | Life in These United States  says: 
 
 September 10, 2014 at 10:27 am 
 […] (source) […] 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Comment 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. 
 Notify me of new posts by email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 CLICK HERE for latest articles! 
 ------------------ 
 NEED CAREER COACHING? 
 Find out more 
 ------------------ 
 
 About 
 Welcome to Work To The Wise! I'm Ronnie Ann, and I created this site to help you make sense of the world of work. …  More 
 Search by Topic 
 
 Favorite work posts 
 Workplace Problems 
 Are You Feeling Incompetent at Work? 
 How To Deal With a Bully Boss 
 My Boss Is So Incompetent! 
 15 Mistakes Inexperienced Managers Make 
 What To Do If Your Boss Takes You For Granted 
 Coworker Plays Music Too Loud 
 Reasons You're Thinking of Leaving Your Job 
 Why Are You So Afraid To Ask for a Raise? 
 5 Workplace Fears That Limit Your Success 
 Why Do I Always Have Bad Luck in Jobs? 
 When Emotions Take Over In the Workplace 
 My Job Is So Boring. Should I Quit? 
 Help! My Boss Makes Me Feel Stupid 
 Changing Jobs from the Inside 
 Real Problem (Maybe) If Your Job Feels Wrong 
 How Changing Your Attitude Can Change Your Job! 
 How To Change Your Job Without Quitting 
 What To Do If Your Job Makes You Miserable 
 How To Quit a Job (Without Hurting Yourself) 
 Looking for a new job? 
 JOB SEARCH, RESUME & INTERVIEW TIPS 
 BROWSE SITE CATEGORIES 
 BROWSE SITE CATEGORIES Select Category After the interview Annoying coworkers Asking for a raise Career growth Change at work Dealing with bosses Dream jobs Earning more money Gratitude Health & Job Stress Interview questions Interview references Job interview tips Job interviews Job offers Job performance Job search Managing staff Networking Nonprofits Personal growth & development Resume tips Retirement dreams Uncategorized Unhappy at work Volunteer work Work and life balance Workplace communication Workplace relationships Workplace solutions Your brain at work Zen at work 
 PLEASE REMEMBER  If Your Boss Treats You Badly, Why It’s Not Your Fault!  --------------- 
 Browse by topic! 
 JOB SEARCH & INTERVIEWS 
 Bosses & Coworkers 
  WORKPLACE PROBLEMS  
  EMOTIONS AT WORK  
 WORK-LIFE BALANCE 
  CAREER DICTIONARY  
 
 Subscribe Via Email! 
 Email Address 
 Subscribe 
 
 Need more help? 
 -- ------------------- 
 PRIVACY POLICY 
 -- ------------------- 
 Publishing Rights 
 All writing on Work To The Wise ©2021 is the exclusive property of WorkToTheWise.com, unless otherwise indicated. All rights reserved. 
 Legal Stuff 
 Suggestions or ideas offered on this blog are for educational purposes only. Any actions you take as a result are your sole responsibility. 
 Follow on Twitter 
 Copyright (C) 2021 ·  eleven40 Pro Theme  on  Genesis Framework  · Hosted by GreenGeeks 
