Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Acquisitions AP Analyst 
 FYidoctors 
 __Calgary, AB 
 Apply Now 
 FYidoctors, Canada’s fastest-growing eye care provider, is a young and exciting entrepreneurial company. What started as a small group of 30 optometrists has grown to over 500 optometrists and over 280 locations in only twelve years! Our model is unique. We believe in progressive lens technology and manufacturing (at our own manufacturing facility right here in Canada), investing in the most current diagnostic equipment, and a consultative culture led by some of Canada’s most respected and reputable optometrists. We believe our success comes from our passionate people, and we require energetic and enthusiastic leaders to join this dynamic team. 
 If this sounds like a company that you would like to work for, now is your opportunity. We are currently recruiting a full-time Acquisitions AP Analyst for a permanent full-time role at our Home Office located in Calgary, AB. 
 As the Acquisitions AP Analyst, you will report to the AP Team Lead and are responsible for performing a variety of accounting functions such as the transition and integration of receivable and treasury functions for newly acquired clinics, supporting the AP team, and supporting the Acquisitions team. The ideal candidate will possess strong organizational and analytical skills, excellent interpersonal skills, and an ability to motivate and mentor team members to help build a strong cohesive accounting unit. 
 MAJOR ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Oversee AP set up procedures for acquired clinics, and ensure that all vendor accounts are set up by the time the clinic joins on day 1. 
Train and assist new clinics joining the FYi family until they are comfortable with systems and processes. 
Set up vendor accounts and oversee the tasks associated with setting up payment. 
Co-ordinate completing and submitting all forms related to transitioning vendor accounts for acquisition clinics. 
Build a positive relationship with new clinics joining the FYI Family. 
Assist the team as needed in processing invoices. 
Oversee the administration of the BMO corporate card and expense reporting system. 
Code and process BMO corporate card transactions for the executive team. 
Assist in preparing reporting for the leadership team. 
Assist the team by managing the main Accounts Payable mailbox. 
Oversee the auto-withdrawal process. 
Constantly evaluate, identify, and implement process efficiencies by challenging current procedures and activities. 
Lead process improvement and be results-driven. 
Ensure internal control environment is operating effectively. 
Assistance during audits as required. 
Add to a fun and energetic environment. 
Assist in the completion of special projects and/or adhoc projects, as required. 
 KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS & ABILITIES: 
Attention to detail, organized and thorough, with a desire for continuous improvement. 
Working knowledge and proficiency of Microsoft Office products, specifically MS Excel. 
Experience using Netsuite is considered an asset. 
Candidates possessing an inquisitive nature and a drive to make improvements will be very comfortable in this role 
Strong problem solving and reconciliation skills. 
The candidate is a professional, analytical, independent thinker and likes to have fun! 
The candidate is a hands-on performer who can both create accounting and financial information and evaluate that information critically. 
A team player by nature and be able to lead as needed. 
Possess strong communication skills to provide guidance and/or instruction to peers in the organization, adapts their information/style to the audience, and explains difficult issues clearly to the appropriate audience. 
S/he must have integrity beyond reproach. 
 QUALIFICATIONS/REQUIREMENTS: 
Completion of a degree is considered an asset. 
Minimum of 1-3 years of accounting or optical experience is required. 
Experience in a retail accounting setting would be advantageous. 
Experience in a manufacturing, health care, retail or service industry is considered an asset. 
Fluency in English and French is preferred. 
 Our rapid and continued growth ensures that our employees are constantly challenged and rewarded. We value employees by fostering collaboration, providing ongoing training and development opportunities, and rewarding those who want to lead and exceed expectations. As a valued asset to our team, you can expect a comprehensive rewards package, including a competitive base salary and benefits. 
 How To Apply 
If this opportunity appeals to you, please send us your cover letter and resume to the attention of the hiring contact Lisa Woo. 
 Alternatively, our careers page can be found here; https://fyidoctors.com/en/careers-page. Search AP Acquisitions Analyst. 
 We thank all candidates for their interest; however, only candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. We politely request no telephone calls, please. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
