[ 
 Workersonboard 
 ](https://www.workersonboard.com/ "Workersonboard") 
 Toggle Navigation 
 
 Home  
 
 W@H Community 
 Help 
 Site Directory 
 
 
 Get Paid Online  
 
 Extra Cash 
 Focus Groups 
 Freelance Gigs 
 Mystery Shop 
 Paid Surveys 
 Sell your Stuff 
 Smartphone Apps 
 
 
 Work at Home Jobs  
 
 Work at Home Equipment 
 Non Phone Work at home Jobs 
 Late Night Work at home Jobs 
 WAH Jobs No Experience 
 Work at home Companies 
 W@H Jobs you can Live On 
 Work at home Weekly Pay 
 WAH Jobs for Teens 
 W@H Jobs No Landline 
 Worldwide WAH Jobs 
 Work at Home Scams 
 Work at home Websites 
 Resume 
 
 
 Weekly Jobs  
 
 Typing Test 
 Friday Freebie 
 My W@H Course 
 W@H Book 
 
 
 Remote T  
 
 Accounting 
 Appointment Setters 
 Data Entry 
 Editing 
 Transcription 
 Tutor 
 Write Online  
 
 Writing Gigs 
 Freelance Writing 
 Write for Greeting Cards 
 
 
 
 
 Blogging  
 
 Blogging Course 
 How to Start a Blog 
 Build a Blog/Website 
 Get a Blog 
 Monetize Your Blog 
 
 
 Free  
 
 Free Instant Gift Cards 
 Free Cash to Search Online 
 Free Blog 
 
 
 About  
 
 Advertise 
 Contact Me 
 Video Library 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 Work from Home Assembly Jobs 
 Published by  aw1219  on November 24, 2020November 24, 2020 
 We may earn money or products from some of the companies mentioned in this post. 
 For almost 10 years, I have been asked if there are any legitimate work from home assembly jobs. This is a highly sought after work at home job because a lot of people like the satisfaction of being able to build things with their hands and see the finished product. Plus, you pretty much get to set and  work your own hours . I am now happy to report that I actually found a legitimate work at home assembly job that you can apply to online due in part to  COVID-19 . Let me explain, but first a caution. 
 Other Reasons why people desire work from home assembly jobs 
 
 No  interview  required. 
 You can work from home without a  computer . 
 You can make  $20 + an hour. 
 No skills or  experience  needed. 
 You can work just a  couple of hours a day . 
 You can start working  right away . 
 
 Generally work from home assembly jobs are  well-known scams  that are promoted on the internet on various job boards, social media platforms, and elsewhere. You may even come across a website that claims you can make $1,500 a week assembling various items from your home but what they don't tell you is that you have to pay hundreds of dollars upfront in order to get started with no work or payment from the company. So essentially, you have thrown away money and are only left with supplies or materials (if you ever receive them). 
 Work at home assembly jobs are not the only scams that are being advertised on the internet. Please read this post, " Work at home Scams they don't want you to know about " to find out more work at job offers that are promoted as scams and how you can avoid them. 
 
 Where to find legitimate Work at home assembly jobs? 
 There are some websites and companies that offer legitimate work at home assembly jobs.  Fiverr  is one company that will allow you to join as a seller to promote your work at home assembly gigs that others may purchase for a fee. Fiverr has millions of users that buy services through this platform which will give you a good opportunity to make money from home assembling various items. However, Fiverr will take a small percentage of your earnings because you are using their platform. If you haven't checked out Fiverr,  please do so here . You can also try sites like Upwork. You can browse this freelance platform to find and get work at home assembly jobs posted by various individuals and businesses. Read more about how  UpWork works here . Sites like Craigslist also has work at home assembly jobs but you will definitely need to use this site carefully and avoid job postings with vague details, misspellings, and jobs that may require you to do something sketchy or illegal. I wrote a post a lot time ago about how you can find legitimate work-at-home jobs on Craigslist with some very helpful tips you can  read here . I almost forgot to mention Task Rabbit. Task Rabbit needs people called taskers to complete various handyman tasks including assembly items for customers from your home. You can get started  here . 
 The legitimate work at home assembly job I found, researched, and posted online comes from a company that has other jobs listed on their official website with all the details. This work at home assembly job is directly related to  COVID-19  because you will assembly PPE or personal protective equipment for frontline healthcare workers and the general public. The company has retooled its work to manufacture PPE to keep everyone safe from contracting the virus. In order to be a qualified candidate, you must be reliable, dependable, self-motivated, and can pick up and drop off completed items. You can work a flexible schedule and the pay is calculated per unit assembled which equates to $11 up to $15 per hour. This job is expected to last until there is no longer a need. 
 How do I apply? 
 
 This job is posted at the top of the weekly job section dated 11/24/2020 along with other legitimate work at home jobs in several categories. You can apply by  visiting this page . Please also join our Facebook groups  Workersonboard Community  and  Real Work from Home Jobs  for additional work at home job leads, reviews, advice, and other money-making opportunities. 
 Please watch this video for more information about this work at home assembly job below 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Related 
 Categories:  at home assembly jobs work at home assemblers needed work from home assembly jobs 
 Tags:  work at home assemblers work from home assemblers needed work from home assembly jobs 
           
 
 0 Comments 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 What's on your mind? 
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. 
 Notify me of new posts by email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Subscribe to Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 3,476 other subscribers 
 Email Address 
 Subscribe 
 Subscribe 
 
 
 
 Get Started  
 
 
 Work at home Course 
 300+ Companies that Pay you to W@H 
 W@H Essentials 
 W@H FB Group 
 Daily Work at Home Jobs 
 Payment Proof 
 Get paid Daily 
 Get Paid $10 to Join Swagbucks 
 Reviewers needed 
 Mini Polls for Fast Cash 
 Free $10 Gift Card 
 Advertise on Workersonboard 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 Easy Steps to start a Blog 
 
 
 Work at home Course 
 300+ Companies that Pay you to W@H 
 W@H Essentials 
 W@H FB Group 
 Daily Work at Home Jobs 
 Payment Proof 
 Get paid Daily 
 Get Paid $10 to Join Swagbucks 
 Reviewers needed 
 Mini Polls for Fast Cash 
 Free $10 Gift Card 
 Advertise on Workersonboard 
 
 Workersonboard.com 2011-2020 
 
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you accept this policy as long as you are using this websiteXAcceptView Policy 
 We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok 
