  
 
 Home 
 Workers' Comp Overview 
 
 Workers Comp Overview 
 Compensable Injuries 
 Reporting Your Injury 
 Filing A Claim 
 Income Benefits 
 Impairment Ratings 
 The Designated Doctor 
 Reaching MMI 
 Workers' Comp Disputes 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 About Abbott & Associates 
 Our Attorneys 
 ★ Client Reviews 
 Hiring A Lawyer 
 
 
 News 
 F.A.Q.s 
 Contact 
 
 Select Page 
 
 Home 
 Workers Comp Overview 
 
 Definition of Compensable Injury 
 Reporting Your Injury 
 Filing A Workers' Comp Claim 
 Workers' Comp Income Benefits 
 Workers' Comp Disputes 
 Maximum Medical Improvement 
 Disputes 
 
 
 Hiring A Lawyer 
 ★ Reviews 
 About Abbott & Associates 
 
 About Our Firm 
 About Our Attorneys 
 Bill Abbott 
 Fyodor Clay 
 Joseph Bedoy 
 Nikki Boyd 
 Saman Premjee – Texas Workers’ Compensation Attorney 
 Marco Munoz – Workers’ Compensation Attorney 
 
 
 Workers Comp News 
 FAQ's 
 Contact 
 
 Home  |  Workers Comp Overview  |  Job Security  |  Bad Adjusters  |  Disputes & Hearings  |  Changing Doctors  |  FAQs  |  Contact US 
 Reporting Your On-The-Job Injury to Your Employer 
 In order to be eligible to receive Texas Workers' Compensation benefits, you are required to notify your supervisor or someone in a supervisory role after sustaining an injury on the job. You should do this in person and document this in writing as well, either by email, text, or if you fill out an incident report with your employer ask for a copy. 
 Reporting The Injury or Illness 
 In a Texas Workers’ Compensation claim, the injured worker has 30 days to report the injury to a person in a supervisory or administrative role, otherwise the employee may not be entitled to medical care or income benefits. For work-related illnesses, the employee must report the illness within 30 days of when the employee knew or should have known the illness was work-related. 
 Although an injured (or ill) worker has 30 days to report a work related injury, if the employee waits a week or two before reporting the injury, the insurance carrier will (more than likely) question the gap in time in the reporting, and question the employee's credibility as to when the injury took place. Thus, it is important to report an injury or illness right away, no matter how minor you may think it is. 
 If you sustain an obvious injury, i.e. a break a bone or slip and fall and think you may have torn a muscle in your knee or shoulder, more than likely you will request medical treatment immediately after the incident occurs and your employer will be made away of your injury that same day. However, we represent many injured workers that strain or pull a muscle in their back or shoulder, and end up feeling the pain later that day (or the next day), but think the pain will go away in a few days. It is very important that you notify your employer that you injured yourself as soon as you realize it and document it in writing, regardless of whether you think you will get better without medical attention. If your injury continues to get worse or it ends up being more severe than you initially thought, at least you have reported it within the initial 30 days of injuring yourself, so you are not barred from pursuing treatment and benefits under Texas Workers’ Compensation. 
 Contact Us 
 Your Name... 
 Your Email Address... 
 Your Phone Number... 
 Your City & State... 
 Questions / Comments... 
 Number 
 Send 
 Learn More About 
 
 Compensable Injury 
 Disability (Lost Wages) 
 Income Benefits 
 Average Weekly Wage 
 Weekly Comp Rate 
 Maximum Medical Improvement 
 Designated Doctor 
 Impairment Ratings 
 Impairment Income Benefits (IIBS) 
 
 Let's Recap 
 If you are injured, then you should report the injury to your supervisor right away. If you wait more than 30 days to report your injury, you may be barred from being eligible for workers' compensation benefits. 
 If you suffer from an occupational illness or disease, then you must report the illness within 30 days of the date that you knew (or should have known) that your illness or disease was work-related. Failure to timely report will almost assuredly remove your entitlement to medical care or income benefits. 
 If possible, try to create paper or digital proof that you reported your injury or illness. Following up with a text message or email message or letter will help create evidence that you reported your injury or illness in a timely manner. 
 Go Back 
 Our Address 
 12600 N. Featherwood Dr, Ste 200 
Houston, Texas 77034 
 
 
 Phone & Fax 
 Main Office: 713-223-1234 
Fax Number: 713-910-9010 
Toll Free: 888-434-2667 
 Abbott & Associates, L.L.C. 
Copyright © 2020 • All rights reserved. 
 Disclaimer  •  Privacy Policy 
 
 HOME 
 ABOUT US 
 TESTIMONIALS 
 WORKERS COMP NEWS 
 CONTACT US 
 
 Toll Free 888-434-COMP 
 Abbott & Associates attorneys are licensed only in the state of Texas unless otherwise indicated in the biographical section. Past performance is no guarantee of future results. We consider employment in another State only in association with co-counsel licensed in that State. References to laws are limited to federal and State of Texas law. 
