Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Business Development Project Manager 
 SERVPRO of Milton & North Oakville 
 __Milton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 At  SERVPRO® of Milton & North Oakville , we provide emergency services to homeowners and businesses that experience damage to their property due to fires, floods, and other disasters. 
 Your job is to help people with what is often the worst thing that has ever happened to them in their entire lives. 
 About you: 
 
 You exude professionalism. 
 You are exceptionally good at dealing with people. 
 You are a strong communicator. 
 You are a wiz at Xactimate and know how to turn around quick estimates. 
 You are a proven closer. 
 You are always on the lookout for the next sale. 
 You refuse to wait for the work to come to you; if there's a lull, you will go out and find the work. 
 You thrive in an environment where there are a million things going on and you don't have enough hours in the day. 
 
 About the role: 
 
 We have a regular influx of new leads for both commercial and residential projects. You will qualify those leads, generate estimates, close the sales, manage the projects, communicate with customers daily, communicate with adjusters as required, and ensure customer satisfaction. 
 You will constantly be meeting with new potential clients and referral partners. 
 You will help keep us top-of-mind with existing referral partners. 
 You will be compensated generously, with base salary, commission, and bonuses. 
 
 We provide a benefits plan. 
 Anyone with a criminal record for acts of violence or dishonesty is not eligible to work at SERVPRO  ® 
 Job Types: Full-time, Commission 
 Salary: $60,000.00 to $90,000.00 /year 
 Experience: 
 
 Xactimate: 3 years (Preferred) 
 business development: 3 years (Preferred) 
 Project Management: 3 years (Preferred) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 Driver's Licence (Required) 
 
 Language: 
 
 English Fluently (Required) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
