Skip to content 
 Menu 
 
 Contact Us 
 How to Use This Site 
 Improving Performance and Wellbeing at Work 
 
 The Role of Psychological Flexibility in Building Performance and Wellbeing 
 Useful Resources 
 
 Book Reviews 
 
 
 
 
 What is ACT? 
 
 Some Definitions 
 The Evidence Behind ACT 
 Translating ACT for the Workplace 
 What is Psychological Flexibility? 
 ACT in the Workplace - Research References 
 Mindfulness in the workplace - evidence 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 About This Site 
 Privacy Statement 
 About Rob Archer 
 About Rachel Collis 
 About Paul Atkins 
 Our Values 
 
 
 
 Working with ACT 
 Using mindfulness and values in the workplace to improve performance and wellbeing 
 How Promising Managers Sometimes Derail Their Careers…and How to Prevent It 
 Posted on  April 19, 2012  by  Rachel Collis 
 According to  The Centre for Creative Leadership  almost 1 in 2 of the managers who have the makings of success fail to reach their potential. They 'derail' and are either demoted, fired, plateau or opt for early retirement ( William A Gentry ). 
 There seem to be some  key problems that cause this derailment : 
 
 Failing to build effective interpersonal relationships 
 Showing poor team leadership 
 Having problems adapting to changes in the environment 
 Lacking growth and development in the face of the changing demands of their role 
 Failing to meet business objectives (due to either failing to follow through or being overambitious ) 
 Maintaining a narrow focus, so that they aren't able to supervise outside of their area of functional expertise 
 
 What seems to happen is that these managers are defensive in the face of challenging feedback, don't learn from their mistakes and don't identify and address their weaknesses. 
 Why do they do that? 
 I suspect that they lack self-compassion. Self-compassion makes it  easier to be open to difficult feedback; learn from mistakes  and admit failings. Self compassion can  probably be increased *. 
 These managers also need to get better at noticing when their approach is ineffective and then quickly adjusting their behaviour. A starting point here may be to learn to  become more mindful  and psychologically flexible. 
 So, if you are a beginning manager, it might be good to focus on becoming more mindful,  flexible  and  compassionate . 
 
 For readers based in Brisbane, I am running a low cost  public workshop  on self-compassion on Sunday 6th May 2012. 
 
 Rate this: 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Email 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Tagged  Compassion ,  Leadership development ,  Management 
 Published by Rachel Collis 
 Rachel gained 15 years experience as a psychiatrist before moving into leadership development in 2001. She now lectures at the Graduate School of Business, QUT and provides leadership, executive and career coaching to senior and high potential leaders. To learn more, visit - http://rachelcollis.com.au/   View all posts by Rachel Collis  
 Post navigation 
 Previous Post What Facebook Can Teach Managers About Building Engagement 
 Next Post The Risks of 'Knowing' The Rules 
 3 thoughts on "How Promising Managers Sometimes Derail Their Careers…and How to Prevent It" 
 
 annick  says: 
 
 April 19, 2012 at 7:02 am 
 Who ever lives in the neighbourhood of Brisbane (which is not me, I'm from Belgium) should go to this workshop and listen to this wise, warm and incredible professional lady … 
 Reply 
 1. **Rachel Collis** says:
 
 April 19, 2012 at 9:57 am 
 Annick, that is a lovely thing to say. I do appreciate it! Very warm wishes to you in Belgium 
 Reply 
 
 R M Nicholls  says: 
 
 April 19, 2012 at 10:14 am 
 Great insight - we can only grow when we recognise that we are imperfect. And we can only do that when we feel safe that we'll forgive ourselves for not being perfect. Business culture sometimes glorifies perfectionism. Very insightful, sure it will be a worthwhile seminar. 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Email Subscription 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 6,675 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 New E-book: Thriving in Uncertainty 
 Confidence, Lies and Courage 
 Living with Uncertainty 
 The Marginal Gains Handbook - Practical ideas to survive and thrive in the age of Coronavirus 
 A Guide to Lockdown for Other Parents, from a True Parenting Expert 
 
 
 
 
 What We Have Been Writing About 
 Acceptance   Acceptance and Commitment Coaching   ACT   ACT Coaching   ACT into the water supply   ACT Matrix   anxiety   Behavior   Behavior Change   behaviour analysis   cognitive fusion   Compassion   Confidence   Conflict Resolution   Decision making   Defusion   Emotional Intelligence   emotion management   Employee engagement   experiential avoidance   Gallup   Goal Setting   Handling Difficult Thoughts   Health   High Performing Teams   Impostor syndrome   Leadership development   Management   Meaning   Mindfulness   Motivation   Motivational interviewing   Negotiation   Organisational Culture   perspective taking   Psychological flexibility   Resilience   Stress   Teams   Time Management   tom rath   uncertainty   Values   Values and Behaviour   Well Being   Willingness   Work   Work Life Balance 
 Rob's Tweets 
 
 There's really no particular reason not to feel blue today, or any day, so that's one thing to take off your to-do list.  #BlueMonday   7 hours ago 
 Dear  #RFT  types - I wanted to send some papers, articles about RFT and autism to one of my clients who has an autis…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   3 days ago 
 RT @ rickygervais : Adopt don’t shop. ❤️ Dogs.  https://t.co/L79Zbdm0Wz   4 days ago 
 My schedule just told me it was time for my run. My mind just advised me not to bother, pointing out I've alread…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   4 days ago 
 RT @ mrs_maragna : @ SheFindSaidSo  You can set your google calendar to default to 25 mins and 50 mins meetings 👍🏼  5 days ago 
 
 Categories 
 
 Acceptance and Commitment Training (ACT) 
 Behaviour change 
 Careers 
 Decision making 
 Fitness 
 Health 
 Meaning 
 Mindfulness 
 Organisations and careers 
 Psychological Flexibility 
 Relationships / communication 
 Stress and resilience 
 Uncategorized 
 Values 
 Work 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 ACT Mindful 
 ACT Mindfully 
 ACT of Living 
 Headstuck! The Psychology of Work and Career Change 
 Lions, Tigers and Fears 
 Mindfulness Training Ltd 
 Pickslyde Consulting 
 The Psychology of Wellbeing 
 The Yellow Brick Blog 
 Think Psychology 
 
 The Authors 
 
 
   Rachel Collis 
 
 Confidence, Lies and Courage 
 Living with Uncertainty 
 Traps to Avoid On the Path to Success – Or Why You Can’t Have it All 
 Is Meaningful Success Possible Within an Organisation? 
 What If Standard Career Advice Is Wrong? 
 
 
 
   Dr Rob Archer 
 
 New E-book: Thriving in Uncertainty 
 The Marginal Gains Handbook - Practical ideas to survive and thrive in the age of Coronavirus 
 A Guide to Lockdown for Other Parents, from a True Parenting Expert 
 The ACT Approach to Handling Anxiety Like a Human Being 
 What Kind of Purpose Leads to Meaning in Life? 
 
 
 
 RSS - Posts 
 
 
 RSS - Comments 
 
 
 The Authors 
 
   Rachel Collis 
 
 Confidence, Lies and Courage 
 Living with Uncertainty 
 Traps to Avoid On the Path to Success – Or Why You Can’t Have it All 
 Is Meaningful Success Possible Within an Organisation? 
 What If Standard Career Advice Is Wrong? 
 
 
   Dr Rob Archer 
 
 New E-book: Thriving in Uncertainty 
 The Marginal Gains Handbook - Practical ideas to survive and thrive in the age of Coronavirus 
 A Guide to Lockdown for Other Parents, from a True Parenting Expert 
 The ACT Approach to Handling Anxiety Like a Human Being 
 What Kind of Purpose Leads to Meaning in Life? 
 
 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
