Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Rehabilitation Assistant, Inpatient - Part Time - Markham Site 
 Markham Stouffville Hospital 
 __Markham, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Who we are: 
Markham Stouffville Hospital is a leading community hospital with two sites – Markham and Uxbridge sites and our new Reactivation Care Centre that has a reputation for excellence in progressive community care. The hospital is uniquely positioned with cutting edge technology, expansive new facilities and a supportive and welcoming community. With a focus on patient experience, safe, high quality care and innovation, our dedicated team of physicians, staff and volunteers provides care to over 300,000 patients a year. The hospital has capacity to grow a number of programs and services as we evolve to meet the needs of our growing community. We are dedicated to providing access to the right care, at the right time, in the right place by the right people and at the right cost. Are you ready to join us? 
 Who you are: 
You are an innovative and patient centered individual who provides excellence within their profession 
 You are a team player with excellent communication, critical thinking and customer service skills 
 You have vision, flexibility, transparency, honesty and practicality 
 You are organized, accurate, able to multi task and meet deadlines 
 You support the patient experience, your colleagues and others cultural and spiritual beliefs 
 You encompass MSH’s core values and live the words of Respect, Trust, Commitment, Compassion and Courage 
 What we need: 
As a member of our interprofessional team, you will work collaboratively to provide support to the Physiotherapists and Occupational Therapists within the subacute and acute patient populations at Markham site. 
 What you will achieve with us: 
In this role you will utilize your goal-orientated, client centered approach to care. 
 Under the supervision of a Physiotherapist, activities will include: 
 Carrying out a developed patient exercise program 
Gait and balance training 
Conducting exercise groups 
Application of modalities within the scope of practice 
 Under the supervision of an Occupational Therapist, activities will include: 
 ADL training 
Implementing individual and group treatment programs 
Designing and making assistive devices to improve ADL and cognitive functioning 
 Non-clinical duties include: 
Set-up and management of the equipment 
Cleaning and upkeep of equipment and therapy space 
Administrative and other duties, as assigned 
 Work Schedule: 
The successful candidate must be able to work 8-hour shifts Sunday, Monday and Tuesday. Schedules are subject to change, depending on operational needs. 
 Compensation: 
 BAND R:  $27.33 - $32.64 per hour 
 What you bring to MSH: 
Graduate of an accredited OTA/PTA education program in Canada 
Related previous experience and sound knowledge of the rehabilitation/physiotherapy/occupational assistant role 
Recent experience working within an acute care environment is required. 
Previous seating experience would be an asset 
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills, and the ability to work collaboratively with the members of the interprofessional team 
Evidence of self-direction, flexibility, and application of sound critical thinking skills in your work approach 
Proficient computer skills and experience with MS Office; experience with Meditech is an asset 
Own transportation and the ability to travel between hospital sites 
Demonstrated good attendance and performance records with the ability to maintain these same standards 
Demonstrates a commitment to a healthy and safe workplace for self and others (staff, patients, families, etc.) by taking all reasonable precautions and working in compliance with hospital related policies, health and safety legislation and best practices and completing relevant mandatory education as required 
 Markham Stouffville Hospital is committed to meeting the needs of all individuals in accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA) and the Ontario Human Rights Code. Should you require accommodations during the recruitment and selection process, please contact Human Resources. 
 Required Skills 
 Required Experience 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
