Skip to content 
 
 Primoris Network 
 The journey of a thousand miles begins with one step 
 
 Instagram  
 Facebook  
 Linkedin  
 Twitter  
 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Connect 
 Our Team 
 
 Tag: Job 
   
 Article ,  Blog 
 RoEI - Education in Britain 
 November 2, 2019November 2, 2019   Primoris Network 
       
 Article by Atul Arora 
 “Two roads diverged in a yellow wood, and sorry I could not travel both” – Robert Frost 
 I get asked about the Return on Educational Investment (RoEI), favourite topic to discuss among all. Going for international higher education, especially to a country in west like Britain, makes one wonder this question. I also thought of it. 
 Talking to a lot professionals and graduates, and understanding their experiences and of my own, RoEI means the success and satisfaction that you make after completing education. There are 3 pillars on which this depends, and those are Time, Interactions and Problem Solving. You can remember them as TIPS, and if these TIPS are applied properly, the RoEI could far exceed your expectations, and if not it may leave you in despair.  Continue reading "RoEI - Education in Britain" -> 
 Tagged  Bank Holidays 2019 ,  Beats Solo ,  Blogging ,  BMW ,  Boris Jhonson ,  Britain ,  Business Insider ,  Donald Trump ,  Education ,  EU ,  Europe ,  European Union ,  fabulous ,  Food ,  Future ,  Growth ,  Halloween ,  Happy go Lucky ,  Hashtag ,  ICC World T20 Qualifier ,  IELTS ,  India ,  Job ,  Learning ,  Manchester City ,  Namakkal ,  parenting ,  Punjab ,  Quantum Computing ,  robots ,  See the Macgic ,  Shahrukh Khan ,  Shefali zariwala ,  Social Media ,  Star wars ,  Study Abroad ,  Study in UK ,  T20 ,  T20 Qualifier ,  technology ,  Terminator ,  travel ,  United Kingdom ,  vegan Leave a comment 
 Uncategorized 
 Employability Skills That You Need 
 July 9, 2018November 8, 2019   Primoris Network 
 With robotics and AI progressing, the skills you need apart from a degree to get employed: 
 
 Communication Skills -  Written and verbal communication skills are at the top for getting a job. Reading comprehension, writing, presentation and public speaking skills all rank very high on an employer’s list of requirements. 
 Organizational Skills:  All the jobs require management of time and resources. A person with excellent organizational skills can juggle multiple assignments across tight deadlines and make everything run smoothly. 
 Creativity:  Creative output is what the employers are after. Creativity leads to innovation and innovation leads to growth. Creative thinking is one of the professional skills that will be most sought-after by future employers. As one of the integral skills for employment, it would be a good idea to start honing creativity skills as early as now. 
 Critical Thinking:  Gauging priorities, gathering and interpreting information can be easily done through automation. The reason why critical thinking is an important skill to add, this is due to the fact that making sense of all the complex relationships, interrelated propositions, and implicit assumptions when facing issues allow to better prioritize and interpret information and use them to come up with the better solutions to a presented problem. 
 Social Intelligence:  Emotional intelligence, which is the recognition of our own and other people’s emotions and handling them appropriately. Social intelligence is one of the skills you need for a job in the because it will absolutely be needed for interaction with clients, customers, and peers; especially when most interactions will already happen online. 
 
 Primoris Network has a talented consultancy team of Oxford, Harvard and Stanford graduates, and we work closely with the CEOs and Directors of international companies. We are here to provide you industry insights, connect you with the companies and prepare you for getting employed. 
 Reach out to us or fill out your details in the form below, and we will help you with any query: 
 Website  –  www.primoris.network 
 E-mail  –  connect@primoris.network 
 Facebook 
 Phone: +91 981 081 6752 
 Name(required) 
 Email(required) 
 Phone(required) 
 Comment(required) 
 Submit 
 Tagged  Education ,  Employment ,  Growth ,  Job ,  Skills ,  Skills Development ,  Training Leave a comment 
 Uncategorized 
 Employability - What's Stopping You? 
 July 5, 2018November 8, 2019   Primoris Network 
 Some 77% of workers in India will have vulnerable employment by 2019, according to the ILO’s World Employment and Social Outlook report. 
 In India the unemployment rate among 15-24 age group is higher—increasing from 10% in 2014 to nearly 11% in 2019. The vulnerable employment level is higher than those of the world or the South Asian regions. The report says that of the 535 million labour force in India in 2019, some 398.6 million will have poor quality jobs.  Continue reading "Employability - What's Stopping You?" -> 
 Tagged  Education ,  Employment ,  Future ,  Growth ,  Job ,  Skills ,  Skills Development ,  Training Leave a comment 
 Instagram 
 No Instagram images were found. 
 
 Instagram  
 Facebook  
 Linkedin  
 Twitter  
 
 Website Powered by WordPress.com . 
 Create your website at WordPress.com 
 Get started 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
