Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Chief Project Officer 
 Vancouver Island Health Authority 
 __Duncan, BC 
 Apply Now 
 In accordance with the Vision, Purpose, and Values, and strategic direction of the Vancouver Island Health Authority (Island Health) patient and staff safety is a priority and a responsibility shared by everyone; as such, the requirement to continuously improve quality and safety is inherent in all aspects of this position. 
 Reporting to the Chief Financial Officer, the Chief Project Officer (CPO) is responsible/accountable for major capital asset development, construction, and commissioning, with a focus on the Cowichan District Hospital Replacement (CDHR). This is a large-scale capital project that has strategic importance to Island Health. The CPO will oversee planning, procurement, partnership arrangements, financing strategies, and construction. Importantly, the role will liaise with a broad range of stakeholders to ensure alignment with Island Health's strategic plan, Ministry mandates, project objectives and long term sustainability. The portfolio will be responsible for in excess of $885M in assets. Other key responsibilities include overseeing the planning and procurement processes, establishing guiding principles, overseeing clinical and facilities design and construction, ensuring the vision established for the designated projects is met for the organization, its patients and residents, care providers and local communities. 
 Duties include the planning, procurement, deployment, and evaluation of related physical, financial and human resources, in support of the strategic and operational needs of the organization and making decisions involving the Strategic Planning Partners, Project Contractors, Regional Hospital Districts, and Developers. The CDHR project may have a complex procurement structure such as a Competitive Alliance Partnership, which will require the ability to work in new and innovative processes. 
 QUALIFICATIONS: 
Education, Training And Experience 
 Master's Degree in Business Administration or a related field, supplemented with fifteen (15) years' recent related experience in progressively more complex and senior management/leadership roles in a large complex health care organization including five (5) years' recent, relevant experience as a Chief Project Officer responsible for managing large, complex capital projects, or an equivalent combination of education, training and experience. 
 Skills And Abilities 
Demonstrated knowledge of Generally Accepted Accounting Principles (GAAP) and other related accounting procedures/principles. 
Demonstrated ability to lead, plan, direct and implement processes. 
Demonstrated ability to identify, manage and mitigate risk. 
Ability to identify, plan and direct work assignments. 
Ability to supervise and provide direction to others. 
Demonstrated ability to develop and maintain rapport with internal and external stakeholders. 
Ability to work independently and as a member of a team. 
Ability to organize and prioritize functions to meet tight and evolving timelines. 
Demonstrated ability to function effectively in a highly dynamic environment subject to continuous change. 
Ability to operate related equipment including applicable software applications. 
Physical ability to perform the duties of the position. 
 LEADS in a Caring Environment Framework:  https://www.leadscanada/net/site/framework 
 https://jd.viha.ca/JD4610.pdf 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
