
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Gerald Technologies, Inc (W21) 
 Transforming Consumer Bill Pay. 
 Platform Engineer (AWS) 
 
 Location 
 / Remote 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 6+ years 
 About Gerald Technologies, Inc 
 Consumer bill pay sucks! The average consumer makes over 20 recurring payments a year, and has to log in to each biller to manage payments. Gerald is transforming bill pay by providing a solution where you can consolidate all your accounts and pay all your bills on one single app. We are currently focused on insurance and financial bills. 
 Gerald is pioneering a new realm that combines payments, data, fintech and insurtech to create solutions that empower and reward consumers for doing simple things such as: making timely payments. 
 About the role 
 Skills:  Racket, Amazon Web Services (AWS) 
 About This Role  We are looking for a senior Platform engineer with experience in building and scaling services in a cloud environment (AWS) who will stand as a technical leader across globally distributed Data Engineering and Software Engineering teams, making key decisions on the technical direction and tooling used to ensure operational alignment globally. You will be a passionate technologist who is excited about automation and engineering, and building future proof production reliable platforms, ensuring operational excellence is met throughout. Ultimately, you will help us meet the enormous challenges around managing the performance and reliability of a data-intensive product. 
 Required Tech-Stack  AWS, MongoDB, AWS Batch, AWS Glue, AWS ECS, CloudFormation, Lambda Functions 
 How You Will Contribute 
 
 Provision AWS resources based on the Architecture design and features aligned with business objectives. 
 Build automation scripts and frameworks to improve operational processes and procedures 
 Capacity Management: managing services and component capacity requirements 
 Provision AWS resources based on the Architecture design and features aligned with business objectives. 
 Assistance with automated data ingestion, data migration and transformation 
 Managing and mitigating technology outages which can interrupt business operations 
 Prepare and implement backups and disaster recovery plans 
 Optimize the company's computing architecture 
 You will use infrastructure as code tools to the needs of the organization's application developer & data engineers. 
 Learn, deploy and document newer technologies for the potential deployment of services following a development and release lifecycle 
 Driving ongoing improvements and efficiencies in operational practices, tools & processes 
 
 Technical Expertise That We Believe Will Make You Successful In This Role 
 
 Min 5 years of strong technical background leading DevOps/Platform Engineering team using AWS 
 An expert with AWS. You’re familiar with the vast majority of AWS tools and how to get the most from them 
 MUST have managed infrastructure at scale (multiple microservices) 
 Excellent knowledge of immutable infrastructure, Infrastructure as Code and Continuous Deployment 
 Deep understanding of modern DevOps platforms and technologies - including Docker, Kubernetes, AWS ECS, IaaC (Cloudformation) or AWS CDK 
 A global vision and drive for Developer efficiency across a large business with huge growth potential 
 Experience of providing 2nd and 3rd level support to end users across an enterprise environment 
 Demonstrated ability to interact with users to evaluate and solve problems and experience working across all areas of Technology to support a 24x7 environment 
 Ability to write scripts without effort 
 AWS Certified Professional (good to have) 
 
 Soft-Skills That Will Come Handy 
 
 An active collaborator. You want feedback on your work early and often, and you get a kick out of a collaborative process because it challenges you to do better work 
 Humble but opinionated. You have lots of ideas, yet you are happy to shift directions when a better path emerges 
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills 
 Strong attention to detail 
 Head for problem-solving 
 Having a flexible working style 
 Being a team player 
 Comfortable with working unsupervised 
 
 Technology 
 With every single customer that we onboard, it means we are dealing with millions of data records. The challenge is to scale up the product to handle so much data and process it efficiently, while taking all measures to ensure the security of the data. The goal is to make our system learn as quickly as possible so that it can give very accurate predictions when making suggestions related to the insureds. For this, we try to get as many data points as possible from multiple sources. 
 Other jobs at Gerald Technologies, Inc 
 UI Engineer 
 fulltime 
 / Remote 
 Frontend 
 3+ years 
 Product Manager 
 fulltime 
 / Remote 
 6+ years 
 Platform Engineer (AWS) 
 fulltime 
 / Remote 
 6+ years 
 Backend Software Engineer 
 fulltime 
 India / Remote 
 Backend 
 3+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
