Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Manager, Data Management 
 BC IMC 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 DEPARTMENT DESCRIPTION 
 The Technology department is responsible for developing technology solutions that contribute to the achievement of BCI’s mission and long-term goals. The department manages the Corporation’s business applications and information technology infrastructure, providing support to a large group of financial professionals. The department is also responsible for authoring technology-related directives and conducting disaster recovery planning to minimize risk to the Corporation’s delivery of investment services. 
 POSITION DESCRIPTION 
 Reporting to the Director, Data & Analytics, the Manager, Data Management is responsible for providing technical leadership and ensuring data management and data governance services are developed and delivered with high levels of quality and performance. S/he will build and manage an experienced team of data specialists, and will work closely with other teams in an Agile hybrid environment. S/he will facilitate continuous development across the team and in partnership with others, and ensures that BCI’s valuable data assets are used to achieve business goals and objectives 
 The position can be based in either Vancouver or Victoria with travel between the two cities. 
 QUALIFICATIONS 
 Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science, Technology, Business Administration, or in a related field 
A minimum of 5 years of progressive experience leading a high performing technical team 
A minimum of 3 years of experience providing data-driven services or products to customers 
Knowledge of data architecture both on premise and in the cloud (Azure) 
Knowledge of processes involved in building a data warehouse/lake/cloud 
Knowledge of data governance and data management methods, practices and tools. 
Must have excellent customer-service, communication, problem-solving and collaboration skills 
Must be able to facilitate continuous improvement within and across teams 
Knowledge of and experience with Agile methodologies and DevOps practices 
Proven experience in leading data governance and data management practices 
 PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES 
 Collaborates with business representatives, Technology management, and other teams on data governance, data management and data operations strategies 
Sets the technical direction for data architecture and works with the Enterprise Data Architecture on architectural decisions 
Builds and manages a skilled team of data specialists and provides technical leadership, mentoring and coaching to create a culture of accountability and innovation 
Manages the data governance, data management and data operations practices that ensure BCI data is accessible, consistent, high quality, auditable and secure 
Proactively identifies opportunities for stakeholder involvement in establishing and continuously improving practice areas 
Manages the delivery of practice areas and projects including the design, analysis, development, delivery and continuous improvement 
Ensures that the practice areas and projects comply with Technology standards and corporate requirements for quality and performance 
Interacts with multiple vendors, suppliers and contractors, proactively identifies risks and issues, and removes barriers that impedes progress and responsiveness 
Drives resolution of data-related discrepancies and issues end-to-end by coordinating resources, identifying resolution paths and providing relevant and clear communications to stakeholders 
Determines the objectives and priorities of the team, and directs the development and execution 
of plans, projects and other operational initiatives 
Establishes and reviews the KPIs, metrics and reporting used to track, optimize and communicate team progress and performance outcomes 
Creates a supportive and healthy work environment within the Department by ensuring effective communication, promoting teamwork, providing opportunities for staff involvement in planning, 
and recognizing employees' contributions and achievements 
Manages the financial resources within the overall allocated budget for assigned areas. Monitors financial reporting and status within the department and directs corrective action as needed 
Maintains current expert knowledge in the field by reviewing relevant materials and journals and maintaining appropriate professional and external contacts 
Undertakes special projects or assignments as required 
Performs other related duties as required 
 COMPETENCIES 
 Team Management 
 Effective performers create and maintain functional work units. They understand the human dynamics of team formation and maintenance. They formulate team roles and actively recruit and select to build effective work groups. 
 High Standards 
 Effective performers possess a high inner work standard and shows pride in their work. They consistently strive to ensure work is complete within deadlines and that all work performed is of a high quality. 
 Organization & Planning 
 Effective performers have strong organizing and planning skills that allow them to be highly productive and efficient. They manage their time wisely and effectively prioritize multiple competing tasks. They follow through on tasks to ensure changes in technology are communicated effectively. 
 Results Orientation 
 Effective performers maintain appropriate focus on outcomes and accomplishments. They are motivated by achievement, and persist until the goal is reached. They convey a sense of urgency to make things happen. They respect the need to balance short- and long-term goals. They are driven by a need for closure. 
 Communicativeness 
 Effective performers recognize the value of continuous information exchange and the competitive advantage it brings. They actively seek information from a variety of sources and disseminate it in a variety of ways. They take responsibility for ensuring that their people have the current and accurate information needed for success. 
 Business Thinking 
 Effective performers see the organization as a series of integrated and interlocking business processes. They understand how their work connects with and affects other areas of the organization. 
 Relationship Building 
 Effective performers establish and proactively maintain a broad network of relationships (e.g. colleagues, co-workers, vendors, suppliers, etc.). They value these relationships and work effectively across the organization by maintaining positive working relationships with peers and others. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
