Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Student Casual Library Assistant 
 Western University 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 About Western 
 Since 1878, Western University has been committed to serving our communities through the pursuit of academic excellence and by providing students, faculty, and community members with life-long opportunities for intellectual, social, and cultural growth. We seek excellent students, faculty, and staff to join us in what has become known as the "Western Experience" - an opportunity to contribute to a better world through the development of new knowledge, new abilities, new connections, and new ways to make a difference. 
 About Us 
 Western Libraries (WL) provides the library and archival expertise and infrastructure – information resources, technology, people, and spaces – required to cultivate and mobilize knowledge, and accelerate excellence in teaching, research and scholarship. 
 ***please note this position is expcected to be filled by an internal applicant 
 Responsibilities 
 The successful candidate will support the development new online content for Archives and Special Collections, including the Map Collection, by assisting with the development of online educational materials 
 This may involve work with developing and editing video and audio assets, assisting with course set-up in OWL, and creating online content using applications related to e-learning and instructional design. 
 Qualifications 
 Education: 
 
 Must be a full-time student at Western (enrolled in minimum 3.5 courses) and retain full-time student status for the duration of this appointment 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Familiarity with educational technologies, strategies and tools 
 Intermediate computer skills in Microsoft Office and experience with software and applications related to e-learning and instructional design (e.g. Adobe Creative Suite, Camtasia, Articulate Storyline 360, Audacity, HTML, CSS, and JavaScript) 
 Familiarity with learning management systems (such as OWL/Sakai) 
 Capable of quickly learning new software with the ability and willingness to learn 
 Self-driven, independent thinker who is highly motivated and possesses an intrinsic passion for quality 
 Ability to prioritize, manage multiple and diverse tasks while ensuring attention to detail, and maintain an organized and effective personal work environment. Ability to work independently and effectively as a member of the team to achieve goals 
 Interest in primary source material, such as archival documents and rare books 
 
 Skills, Abilities & Expertise: 
 
 Basic understanding of archives, records management and library terminology 
 Written and verbal communication skills, including the ability to express ideas clearly and adapt communication style to suit the situation and audience 
 Ability to maintain a positive, outgoing attitude with genuine customer service orientation 
 Reliable and dependable with the ability to consistently work assigned schedule 
 Ability to follow processes, practices and instructions accurately 
 Ability to complete assigned work with high attention to detail 
 Demonstrates integrity and works in accordance with Western’s policies and procedures 
 Ability to multi-task and maintain an organized work environment 
 Personable and courteous in working relationships with colleagues, students and the public 
 Ability to prioritize and organize a fluctuating work load 
 Ability to work independently and effectively as a member of the team to achieve department goals 
 Ability to work in a manner that is compliant with confidentiality requirements as applicable 
 
 How to Apply 
Interested full-time Western Students are asked to complete an application through the Working at Western website for this role. Additionally, applicants must fill out a PDF document located at: 
http://www.uwo.ca/hr/form_doc/temp/WL-StudentApp.pdf, and attach it electronically to your application. 
 
 To avoid any technical issues, please save the form to your drive and then complete it* 
 
 Why Western? 
 Western offers a broad and exciting variety of part-time and temporary employment opportunities with ample room for job exploration and growth. Within our beautiful campus, you are part of a progressive work environment that promotes work/life balance including access to our state-of-the-art recreation centre. Apply for an opportunity to be part of the Western community and contribute to its success! 
 Background Checks 
 While transcripts are not required for the interview, they are mandatory prior to any offer of employment. 
 Applying at Western 
 To ensure that your application is given full consideration, please complete all relevant sections of the application. In addition, you can choose to supplement your application with a cover letter and current resume. 
 Consideration of applicants will include an assessment of previous performance, experience, and qualifications. Applicants should have oral communication skills in English. 
 Western Values Diversity 
 The University invites applications from all qualified individuals. Western is committed to employment equity and diversity in the workplace and welcomes applications from women, members of racialized groups/visible minorities, Aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, persons of any sexual orientation, and persons of any gender identity or gender expression. 
 Accommodations are available for applicants with disabilities throughout the recruitment process. If you require accommodations for interviews or other meetings, please contact Human Resources at hrhelp@uwo.ca or phone 519-661-2194. 
 Please Note: 
We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those chosen for an interview will be acknowledged. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
