  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Deeside 
 Rate:  Market related 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Laboratory Technician Supervisor - Deeside 
 Laboratory Technician Supervisor (Full Time 12- MONTHS FTC) 
 Deeside 
 The Company 
 Our client, a leading provider of life science solutions, are now looking for Laboratory Technician Supervisors/ Team Leaders to support their work with Covid-19 testing and clinical trials for a fixed term contract of 6 months that could well be extended further on a rolling basis. 
 For this role it is desirable that you have experience with q PCR or RT (Real Time) q PCR and RNA extraction. 
 Validation and Calibration in a new lab set up environment would be very desirable. 
 The Benefits 
 - Salary competitive DOE 
 - Excellent benefits 
 This is an exceptional opportunity to help impact the pandemic and play a part of the resolution of this global crisis. 
 You will have the chance to broaden your skill set while supporting the creation of products that have the potential to change the world. 
 So, don't miss out, apply today and put your lab experience to the best possible use. 
 The Role 
 As a Laboratory Technician Supervisor/ Team Leader, you will be tasked with testing activities as part of a Covid-19 clinical trial and helping more Junior members of the team on a daily basis providing direction and support. 
 You will be working at our client's laboratory site and you will work as part of the lab team tasked with sample processing and complete a range of admin activities to support the efficient running of the department. 
 Specifically, your lab work will involve storing and logging samples, processing samples including sample preparation and set ups and the use and maintenance of lab equipment. 
 About You 
 To be considered as a Laboratory Technician Supervisor you will need: 
 u  A Degree in life Sciences, or working towards a Degree in Biology, Microbiology, Molecular Biology 
 u  Previous laboratory experience is essential 
 u  Previous Team Leader experience desirable 
 u  A car owner and Driver with A can -do attitude 
 u  Excellent organisational skills 
 u  Good communication skills 
 u  The ability to work in a logical and organised manner 
 u  Excellent attention to detail 
 u  Excellent Team Player 
 Category 2 lab experience would be beneficial to your application, however full training will be given. 
 This is a full-time role 37.5 hours a week, operating on a 3 shifts pattern between Monday and Saturday 
 Insignia Recruit and our clients are equal opportunities employers, value diversity and are strongly committed to providing equal employment opportunities for all employees and all applicants for employment. 
 Equal opportunities are the only acceptable way to conduct business and we believe that the more inclusive our environments are, the better our work will be. 
 
 
 Rate:  Market related 
 
 
 Location:  Deeside 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Science 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Elite Executive Search & Selection Ltd 
 
 
 Contact:  Vanessa Barnes 
 
 
 Tel:  0203 750 0575 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Reference:  VHB00325 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-29 10:56:55 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Elite Executive Search & Selection Ltd  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Elite Executive Search & Selection Ltd 
 
 Sales Engineer  
 Outsourcing Junior 
 Outsourcing Client Manager  
 Audit Senior  
 Sample Reception & Sample Handling Assistant -Tangmere 
 Sample Reception & Handling Assistant - Gatwick Airport 
 Sample Reception & Handling Assistant- Hull 
 Sample Reception & Handling Assistant 
 Warehouse Site Operative Lead - Stansted  
 Site Operative Lead - Ramsgate 
 Site Operative Lead - Stansted Airport  
 Laboratory Technician - Gatwick Airport  
 Laboratory Technician Supervisor - Gatwick  
 Operational Scientific Lead- Manchester 
 Operational Clinical Lead - Gatwick 
 Site Operative Operative - Leeds 
 Clinical Operational Lead - Leeds 
 Clinical Operational Lead - Tangmere 
 Operational Clinical Lead - Deeside 
 Operational Clinical Lead - Exeter 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
