
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Hot Damn! it's a Freelance job 
 Pinterest is looking for a Freelance Product Designer in United States. 
 About 
 At Pinterest, our mission is to bring everyone the inspiration to create a life they love. On our Product Design team, you’d be helping achieve that mission by: 
 Being customer advocates; our unique focus is lifecycle 
Our features help users get the value of the core product quickly. 
 Being driven by impact 
We optimize for opportunities to drive key metrics and fix key problems. 
 Believing velocity of learnings is paramount 
Velocity requires strong tech foundations, solid metrics architecture, and well-thought out experiment design. 
 We’re looking for a methodical and thoughtful product designer with a passion for crafting intuitive and consistent experiences. You’ll work closely with the team to create and evolve experiences across our product. 
 You have a knack for visual details and holistic systems thinking. You’re a problem solver and your designs reflect your ability to be an advocate for the user. You’re passionate about our mission, raising the quality bar, and making the basics great. 
 What we’re looking for 
 - 2–6 years of industry experience designing digital products 
- Attention to detail and a sense of pride and ownership over the quality of the product 
- Solid understanding of layout and visual hierarchy 
- Ability to work within and extend a design system 
- Must be able to work in a fast paced environment 
- A strong collaborator with who partners closely with engineering and other functions 
- Clearly articulates design decisions and the problems they’re solving 
 Company Links 
 
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7740-pinterest-product-designer  
 On-site required? 
 No 
 Experience 
 3-6 years 
 Date Posted 
 November 24, 2020 
 Managed By 
 Allison Zender 
 Perks 
 
 Work from home 
 
 Fine Print 
 This is for a year long contract and all candidates must be based in the US to be considered. This is a remote role with the option to come into the office in SF if you would like to once we re-open. 
 This role is full-time (40hrs per week) during normal working hours. 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
