 Hot Topic Careers  
 Search job openings 
 DevOps Engineer 
 Hot Topic HQ - City of Industry, California - Full-time 
 Description 
 Technology keeps the world moving - It’s no different here at Hot Topic. As a DevOps Engineer, you will be responsible for leading engagements to deliver small, medium and large scale ecommerce / order management solutions.  You’ll perform production support daily activities, participate in support meetings, support release/deployment activities under DevOps and software testing duties on a variety of customer-facing and internal enterprise systems and applications on multiple platforms. 
 You will work with developers, product owner and QA Engineers to understand the new features released to Production environment and create support documentation. We have multiple projects throughout their life-cycle with various departments, so you’ll put to use interpersonal and communication muscles as we work towards building a stellar ecommerce experience. 
 WHAT YOU'LL DO 
 
 Accurately predict the amount of effort required for projects and tasks, and develop plans/schedules accordingly. You’ll provide architectural guidance and technical recommendations to improve performance 
 Work with Support Lead on Daily tasks/activities and monitor the systems to keep production systems uptime 24/7 
 Automate repetitive tasks to improve efficiency and performance of support team. 
 Identify product issues and write detailed bug reports during the product development cycle 
 Maintain, support the daily nightly batch and respond to errors/failures to keep the business continuity without impact to customers 
 Research, develop and recommend tools that help improve efficiency of the team 
 Assist QA team with quickly investigating and responding to problems reported in QA of projects 
 Upgrade and maintain unit testing and integration testing environments 
 Participate and review the requirements and development designs for potential performance implications and suggest the design changes if necessary 
 Work closely with other domain architects, to design solutions for performance and scalability. You’ll make sure that the changes in other domains are not impacting the performance 
 Ensure timely proactive identification of performance issues, escalating issues as warranted 
 
 WHAT YOU'LL NEED 
 
 Passion for driving performance improvements in response time, capacity and scalability across all the new initiatives, evangelizing and supporting the performance work across all delivery teams 
 Bachelors Degree in a relevant degree and at least 3 -5 years of experience in Support/Operations engineer role, preferably working within the retail/eCommerce industry 
 Fluency in object-oriented programming with minimum 3 years of use of OO languages 
 Understanding of web technologies (JSON, JavaScript, JQuery, SOAP, XML, HTML5 or similar technologies) as well as SQL and relational databases 
 Experience in Salesforce Commerce Cloud (Demandware) 
 Knowledge of good coding practices and improving code quality 
 Experience testing checkout functions 
 Extensive experience with various types of testing including unit, system, integration, user acceptance, regression, usability and end-to-end testing 
 Deep knowledge of QA tools and automated testing environments (Selenium/WebDriver, Jenkins, Scripting Environments, etc.) 
 Innovative, analytical approach to solving complex test problems and performing troubleshooting 
 Deep knowledge of QA methodology & Software development processes (Agile , Scrum) 
 Experience providing Continuous Integration/Delivery solutions (Jenkins, Bamboo, etc.) a plus 
 Experience testing security products a plus 
 Familiar with agile methodology and systems (Jira, Confluence) 
 
 Share Job 
 Apply 
 
 Attach Resume/CV 
 Apply with LinkedIn 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 I agree to receive text messages from Hot Topic, Inc. to the telephone number provided above for purposes related to my job application and job recruitment at Hot Topic. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Submit 
 
 Check us out 
 
 
 Stores 
 
 
 Since our first store opening in 1989, we've been leading the way in bringing music and pop culture to the masses. We're now at 690 stores and counting across the U.S. and Canada. Working at our stores means you're taking a huge part in delivering the fandom. 
 
 
 All the (not so) small things 
 
 
 Benefits are a big deal, and we've got you covered. Medical, Dental, Vision, Retirement and so much more. Add in employee discounts, PTO, and tuition reimbursement and you're walking away flashing some bling. 
 
 
 Explore the Mothership 
 
 
 Our HQ is based in the City of Industry, CA in a newly designed, converted warehouse space. We have an open, collaborative work environment (no iron gates. Well...maybe :) with some sweet perks: on-site cafe, fitness center, chiropractor, masseuse, & fitness instructors. 
  Watch Video  
 
 
 We have superpowers. Being invisible isn't one of them. 
 
 
 Come see what's under our cape - check us out on Glassdoor. 
   
 
 Equal Opportunity Employer 
 Hot Topic, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. The company makes employment decisions based on the most qualified candidate regardless of race, color, sex, age, national origin, disability, religion, ancestry, religious creed, mental and physical disability, pregnancy and related medical conditions, genetic information, citizenship status, or any other characteristic protected by State, Federal or local law. Hot Topic, Inc. is committed to a program designed to prevent discrimination or unequal treatment. 
 
 Our company participates in  E-Verify . E-Verify is a program that electronically confirms a candidate’s  eligibility to work  in the United States after completing the Employment Eligibility Verification (Form I-9). The information provided on the Form I-9 is compared to the records contained in the Social Security Administration and Department of Homeland Security (DHS) databases. This helps employers verify the identity and employment eligibility of newly hired employees. 
 For California applicants, please click  here  for our California Consumer Privacy Act notice to learn about how we use applicant information. 
 
 Follow Us 
  LinkedIn     Instagram     Glassdoor  
 
 Hot Topic Careers 
 © 2020 Hot Topic, Inc. All Rights Reserved 
 
 All HQ & DC 
 Distribution and Operations 
 Finance & Accounting 
 Information Technology 
 Merchandise Planning & Allocation 
 Real Estate & Construction 
 Stores 
 
