Skip to content 
 
 Legal Specialists 
 Recruiting and Placement 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
 Home Posts tagged 'Careers' 
 Careers 
 A New Beginning 
 January 12, 2015January 12, 2015   Gregg Foss   Human Resources ,  Interviews ,  Recruiting   Careers ,  Counteroffers ,  Employment 
 The holiday season is over and many organizations will be faced with staffing issues. January is usually a time of resignations, terminations and forecasts. Planning ahead for this recurring reality is now even more important as we predict that 2015 is the year that intense recruiting competition returns. 
 That is because after years of slack hiring, the competition for top performers and technical talent will increase over the next year to the point where current recruiting resources and tools will be stretched to the limit. Aggressiveness, the need for counteroffers, higher rejection rates, and a renewed focus on recruiting the currently employed will all return to prominence. As a result of this increased competition, executives will begin to put pressure on hiring managers to produce new approaches that provide them with a competitive talent advantage. 
 One way to improve efficiency in recruiting is working with a staffing firm. This relationship is an investment that can save your organization the time and money it takes to locate, interview, hire and train new employees. 
 At Legal Specialists, our expert recruiters specialize in helping law firms plan for their staffing needs now and in the future. We are here to help you address human resource requirements with contract, contract-to-hire, permanent placement, and payroll-only option services. Our experienced staffing professionals excel at placing the best candidates with best-fit jobs. Plus, we have access to deep pools of legal talent and candidate databases that the general public does not. 
 Contact us today to start talking about strategic staffing for 2015! 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Leave a comment 
 Simple Solutions For Careers That May Be Bogged Down 
 June 2, 2011   Gregg Foss   Human Resources   Careers 
 We can all get trapped into career complacency if we are not careful. Instead, it may be a good idea to put into place our own personal goals and evaluate, from time to time, the things we could do better – or for that matter – the things we shouldn’t do at all that might give our careers a more positive trajectory. 
 MAKING A POSITIVE DIFFERENCE 
 
 Being well informed 
 Balanced career and personal life 
 Strong verbal communication skills 
 Generosity 
 Encouraging others 
 Volunteering for civic activities 
 Doing more than called for in a job description 
 Having realistic expectations 
 Always prompt 
 Acknowledge mistakes 
 
 MAKING A NEGATIVE DIFFERENCE 
 
 Shallow thinking 
 Being one-dimensional 
 Never acknowledging another person’s accomplishments 
 Disorganized - never planning ahead 
 Acting as a loner 
 Criticizing others 
 Lack of appreciation of peers 
 Self-righteous attitude 
 Belaboring a dissatisfaction over and over 
 Giving too little and expecting too much 
 
 Share this: Blog 
 
 Share 
 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Leave a comment 
 
 Accountability   Benefits   Body language   Careers   Change   Commitment   Commitments   Contract Workers   Counteroffers   Counter Offers   Cover Letters   Dissension   Downsizing   Economic Readjustment   Effective Communication   Ego   Empathy   Employment   essentiality   essentialness   FaceBook   Financial Recovery   Generation Gap   Hiring   In-demand skill sets   Indispensability   Interviewing   Jigsaw   Job Descriptions   Job Responsibilities   Jobs   Layoffs   LinkedIn   Loyalty   Management   Mentoring   Momentum   Morale   Motivation   Networking   Non verbal communication   Optimism   Performance Evaluations   Perks   Planning   Posture   Power Struggles   Productivity   Profit   Promises   Promotions   Recognition   Recruiters vs HR   Recruiting   Recruiting Strategies   Referencing   Reputation   Respect   Resumes   Retention   Risks   Social Activities   Social Media   Social Recruiting   Spoke   Staffing   summer picnics   Teamwork   Temp-To-Hire   Temporaries   Truth in Hiring   Uncertainty   vitalness   Wage Wars   Work Environment 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
