Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 CLK 11R - Documents Coordinator 
 BC Public Service 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Documents Coordinator 
Clerk R11 
 An eligibility list may be established. 
 Do you thrive in a high volume environment? Do you enjoy serving a diversified public? Can you change priorities on a dime? 
 The Financial and Corporate Services division supports the Ministry Executive and programs by managing and ensuring a consistent approach to financial and corporate issues. Services provided include Regional Grants - Decision Support; Finance and Decision Support; Audit and Investigation, Business Financial Transformation and Capital Services. These services add value in assisting programs to meet their strategic goals and operational plans, and ensure compliance with relevant legislation, regulations, and central agency directives. 
 The Documents Coordinator deals with sensitive and highly confidential information requiring a high degree of initiative, and the ability to recognize the importance and/or urgency of issues. This position is responsible for the coordination of all divisional assignments including: briefing notes, correspondence, fact sheets and meeting advice by assigning to appropriate program areas in a timely manner. This position is the primary contact for the division’s documents process and is responsible for establishing effective working relationships with all program area staff to ensure policies, procedures and ministry standards are adhered to and documents are delivered in a timely manner with a high degree of accuracy. 
 The BC Public Service is committed to creating a diverse workplace to represent the population we serve and to better meet the needs of our citizens. Consider joining our team and being part of an innovative, inclusive and rewarding workplace. 
 For complete details about this opportunity, including accountabilities, please refer to the attached job profile. For specific position related enquiries, please contact Michelle.Ranta@gov.bc.ca. DO NOT SEND YOUR APPLICATION TO THIS EMAIL ADDRESS. For more information about how to complete your job application, add/edit your resume and for more useful tips when applying for jobs, please refer to the Your Job Application page on the MyHR website. If you are still experiencing technical difficulty applying for a competition, please send an e-mail to BCPSA.Hiring.Centre@gov.bc.ca, before the stated closing time, and we will respond as soon as possible to assist you. 
 NOTE:  Applications will be accepted until 11:00 pm Pacific Standard Time on the closing date of the competition. 
 Job Requirements: 
In order to be considered for this position, your application must clearly demonstrate how you meet the education and experience as outlined below: 
 Secondary school graduation or equivalent (GED). Preference may be given to applicants with post‑secondary education; 
2 years of progressive office administration experience; preference may be given to applicants with 4 years or more experience and/ or experience that includes business writing and editing. 
2 years of demonstrated experience in keyboarding, word processing, spreadsheets and other standard computer applications including Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Outlook); Preference may be given to applicants with 4 years or more experience. 
2 years demonstrated experience formatting, editing and proofreading correspondence and executive level documents; Preference may be given to applicants with 4 years or more experience. 
Preference may be given to applicants who have experience working in an executive office with senior executive. 
Preference may be given to applicants who have experience with CLIFF and eApproval. 
 Applicants selected to move forward in the hiring process may be assessed on the Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies as outlined in the attached Job Profile located in the Additional Information section at the bottom of the posting. 
 A Criminal Record Check (CRC) will be required. 
 APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS: 
 Cover letter:  NO - Please do not submit a cover letter as it will not be reviewed. 
 Resume:  YES - Ensure your resume includes your educational accomplishments, employment history including start and end dates (month and year) of your employment, and any relevant information that relates to the job to which you are applying. 
 Questionnaire (COMPREHENSIVE):  YES - As part of the application process, you will be prompted to complete a comprehensive online questionnaire to demonstrate how you meet the job requirements. Please allot approximately 60 minutes to complete the questionnaire. 
 IMPORTANT:  Comprehensive questionnaire responses will be used to shortlist applicants against the job requirements. Please ensure you include all relevant information about your educational accomplishments and employment history including job titles, start and end dates (month and year) of your employment, and your accountabilities and accomplishments. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
