Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 REALTORS - FREE to hang your license for 1st year! 
 One Percent Realty Ltd. Brokerage 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Dear REALTOR® Friends, it is now FREE to hang your license with us for your first year! Due to the challenges we are all facing right now, we want to help you reduce your monthly office overhead by not charging any desk/monthly/quarterly fees for one year. We will only charge transaction fees on closing with no annual deal minimum!! Every bit helps. Let’s get through this together! Stay safe and be well! 
 A RECO real estate license is required or successful completion of OREA phases/Humber College Real Estate Salesperson Program. 
 - Free Leads from the office and off our website 
 - Powerful lead generating brand & website 
 - No Desk fees for working agents and no desk fees at all for anyone in 2020 
 - Substantial Commission savings means business comes to you 
 - Full Service MLS® to your clients 
 - Training and Support 
 Our REALTORS® across Canada are top earners. One Percent Realty Ltd was established in 1999 in British Columbia. Market research suggested that the public recognized the value of a REALTOR® for showing properties and negotiating a sale, but that they viewed prevailing commission rates as too high. As a result One Percent Realty Ltd was incorporated in BC. In 2009 offices opened in Alberta, and 2011 in Ontario. 
 Real estate agents spend most of their time soliciting business. By offering full service at a lower commission rate our salespeople spend less time looking for business and more time doing their job, which is selling property. 
 While we are strong believers in the power of the MLS® system to effectively market homes to the buying public, we also believe it may not be worth what the industry often charges for it. For the most part, it requires the same amount of effort to sell a $200,000 property as it does a $700,000 property. They both get listed on the MLS® system, shown to potential clients, advertised, contracts get negotiated on them both. There is very little difference, yet with a common commission structure (eg. 5% rate) it will cost the $700,000 home seller $30,000 !! 3+ times more commission than the $200,000 seller. It did not make any sense to us either. For our Full Service on MLS® for homes under $700,000 we charge the same flat $7,950 of commission whether the home is $200,000 or $700,000. For homes prices over $700,000, we charge a very reasonable commission rate of 1% + $950. 
 One Percent Realty has successful offices across Canada. We have been received very well by the consumers in the marketplace and are in need of service-oriented salespeople to meet consumer demand. If you want to get into real estate and make a good income, call us too. Let's just say discount commission does not translate into a discount income - it is quite the opposite! Our business model works because of low operational overhead required to obtain high sales volume - the business calls you! 
 **Since a real estate license is required, you can google RECO and OREA for details on obtaining a real salesperson license. This is an independent contractor role with no salary, 100% commission. 
 To learn more about a career in real estate as a One Percent Realty MLS® sales agent check us out at www.onepercentrealty.com, call directly at (647) 462-9500, office number of (888) 966-3111 
 One Percent Realty Ltd., Brokerage 
 *Independently Owned & Operated Brokerage 
 Job Type: Commission 
 Salary: $1.00-$400,000.00 per year 
 Licence: 
 
 RECO License or Completed/Enrolled in Real Estate Lic Course (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 Yes, always 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
