Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Animal Health Diagnostic Territory Manager - GTA 
 scil animal care company 
 __Barrie, ON 
 Apply Now 
 scil animal care, a Heska company is part of an International technology based capital equipment company targeted for today’s modern Veterinarian. The animal health industry in Canada has maintained impressive resiliency throughout COVID-19 and will continue to grow for years to come. Veterinarians are quick to recognize the advantage that our diagnostic equipment can provide to the overall improvement of animal health. Due to high product demand, we are looking for a qualified sales professional to take on the territory management for our Diagnostic equipment in the Greater Toronto Area with a large, diverse base of veterinary establishments. We offer outstanding inside sales and applications support combined with an opportunity to work with a dedicated, professional, best-in-class team and rewards for excellence in sales and service. 
 If you are a hunter-closer who is eager to be a stakeholder in a highly reputable growing organization, we want to hear from you! scil animal care offers a competitive salary package and generous uncapped commission plan. We offer a full benefit package including medical, dental, car allowance, expense plans and T2200. 
 RESPONSIBILITIES: 
 
 Maintains and utilizes expert product knowledge and highly effective selling skills in order to influence targeted animal health care professionals (AHCP) to support the use of scil promoted products. 
 Executes brand strategies to ensure a consistent company sales and marketing message. 
 Utilizes CRM tool to create pre-call plans to meet animal health care professionals' (AHCP) needs. Follows defined CRM business rules. Sells towards AHCP business needs and opportunities. Fosters AHCP network development and communication. Have accurate and timely follow-up discussions with AHCP. Uses appropriate BIVI Sales Training techniques to facilitate the AHCP decision making process. 
 Analyzes territory information to optimize AHCP calls and create annual business plan for execution. Monitors local market conditions for changes that impact business. Develops plans to maximize speaker programs. Adjusts implementation plans on a regular basis (speaker mgmt., advocate development, etc.). Creates opportunities that meet both territory and brand tactics. 
 Utilizes CRM tool and supporting analysis to plan activity, report and monitor samples, and maintain account and AHCP records. Completes all daily administrative responsibilities as directed by management. Successfully completes all Sales Training requirements Works with thought leaders, innovators and advocates supporting scil products. 
 Works with speakers, key opinion leaders for given topics and products. Provides feedback and follow-up to speakers and attendees. Initiates contacts and network-building among advocates and AHCP. Manages programs and budgets to stay within standards 
 Completes all special projects as required by Company (i.e. mentoring, training, leadership of projects) 
 
 KEY SUCCESS FACTORS: 
 EDUCATION, EXPERIENCE, KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS: 
 
 Minimum Education: Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent experience 
 Minimum of 2 years B2B sales selling capital equipment 
 Minimum 2 years prior experience in outside sales and tactical call planning. 
 Documented history of exceeding quota 
 Medical or Veterinary sales a plus 
 Valid Driver’s license without moving violations is required. 
 
 OTHER: 
 
 Excellent written and verbal skills 
 Experience managing a large territory 
 Ability to travel overnight in territory 
 Good oral and written communication skills 
 Strong presentation skills and computer competency 
 The ability to understand and successfully sell technical products 
 Experience selling in an aggressive outside sales environment 
 Self-motivated and highly driven with ability to work independently from a home office 
 
 ELIGIBILITY REQUIREMENTS: 
 Must be legally authorized to work in the Canada without restriction Must be 18 years of age or older 
 LOCATION: 
GTA - Home Office Based 
 Job Type: Full-time 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Salary: From $60,000.00 per year 
 Additional pay: 
 
 Commission pay 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 Yes 
 
 COVID-19 precaution(s): 
 
 Remote interview process 
 Personal protective equipment provided or required 
 Social distancing guidelines in place 
 Virtual meetings 
 Sanitizing, disinfecting, or cleaning procedures in place 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
