[ 
 worklogix 
 ](index.html) 
 __ 
 
  Home  
 Services
 
 
   *         * [Advisory Services](advisory.html)
 
 
 SAP SuccessFactors Implementation Services 
 SAP SuccessFactors Packaged Solutions 
 Application Support 
 Worklogix Products 
 
 
 
 
  Careers  
  Blog  
  Contact Us  
 
 Join the Team 
 Diversity, team collaboration and extreme customer service are our guiding principles. If you are creative, technical and passionate about your work then you will fit right into the team. 
 
 History 
 
 Worklogix was founded in 2004 with the sole purpose of designing and implementing HR solutions using SAP technology. We have grown from two clients and four consultants to over one hundred clients, fifty consultants around the world and 700K happy users using our software. We are a close team working together to deliver differentiated solutions that help our customers achieve their objectives and innovate in key areas of their business. 
 
 Approach 
 
 We approach every client with a unique value proposition and tailor our solutions, services and support to their exact needs. We serve companies big and small with the same exacting standards and make sure that we develop a relationship that goes beyond projects. 
 
 Culture 
 
 Our culture is rooted in the belief that talented people need to be challenges and given the room to grow to their potential. We challenge ourselves to deliver outstanding results and extreme customer service while working as a team and helping each other to develop as professionals, technologists and subject matter experts. We think of ourselves as a family and work together to make working at Worklogix FUN! 
 
 We always have room for talented team members. Send us your resume and we will get back to you immediately to discuss how you can join the team. 
 Send Your Resume 
 WHO WE ARE 
 
 Worklogix delivers solutions that users love and strives to build strong client relationships that go beyond software. 
 Work with us 
 
 
 Learn More About Career Options 
 
 Latest Tweets 
 
 Tweets by Worklogix 
 © Copyright 2020 - Worklogix 
 
 
 
 Top 
