
 
 Youtube 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 Employee 2020 W2 
 
 
 Employee Portal 
 
 
 Locations 
 
 
 
 
 About 
 Employers 
 Employees 
 Get an Interview 
 Job Board 
 Coronavirus 2020 
 Blog 
 Apply Now 
 Menu  Menu 
 
 Create Your Own Luck & Get the Job You Want Today!   
 Job Search ,  Professional Development 
 
 It's the time of year when people are thinking more about luck, but that isn't the best strategy when trying to land your dream job. Instead of wearing your lucky socks or listening to your lucky song before your next interview, try these tried-and-tested suggestions to create your own luck in the job search. 
 
 Don 't wait to apply 
 When you're casually browsing for jobs, you might find and save an opportunity you love, putting it away until you have time to apply. This might make sense for your schedule but waiting too long can diminish your chances of getting noticed. 
 Experts vary in their opinion of how long is too long to wait, but some agree it should be within three days of when the job is posted. This means when you're searching and see a job, look to see how long ago it was posted. Based on that timing, determine how long you have. It might be worth rearranging a few things to get the application done now. 
 Research shows that applications received within the first week are most likely to be considered because all others may slip to the bottom of the pile. Additional studies support that Tuesday is the best day to submit an application, so try your best to align your efforts and timing to increase your luck. 
 Use the keywords that make a difference 
 In today's hiring process, the first step to getting your resume in front of a hiring manager is to pass an electronic gatekeeper known as an applicant tracking system or ATS. Its job is to scan resumes for the keywords an employer feels most relevant to the position. Even if a company doesn't use an ATS, there's likely a person scanning resumes for the right words. 
 What this means for you is if you don't use the best keywords on your resume, it won't matter how good or relevant your experience is because it won't get noticed. Take the time before applying to read through the description carefully and incorporate industry keywords into your resume to help yourself stand out. 
 Take the time to write a cover letter 
 Writing cover letters, especially unique and personalized ones, takes time. It's tempting to simply update an old or generic letter with the details from this position but doing so can hurt your chances. Even if you aren't required, taking the time to write a letter and explain who you are and how you can benefit the company can show you took the extra initiative to stand out and show what you can do. 
 Work with a staffing agency 
 Some of the best luck you can give yourself is working with a staffing agency. Partnering with Workbox Staffing means you have a recruiter on your side to help you match your unique skills to the best opportunities for you. Our connections can get you into a company and give you the edge you need. Whether you're looking for work in a light industrial, manufacturing, warehouse operations or clerical setting, we can help you.  Apply online today  and get started today! 
 
 March 13, 2019/by  Kara Montgomery   Tags:   Getting The Job You Really Want ,  How to Find a Job ,  How To Get The Job You Want ,  Interview Tips ,  Job Search Tips ,  Learn to Love Your Job Again 
 Share this entry 
 
 Share on WhatsApp 
 
 https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/03/Create-Your-Own-Luck-and-Get-The-Job-You-Want-Today.jpg 628 1200 Kara Montgomery https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/workbox-staffing-logo-color.png Kara Montgomery2019-03-13 11:00:062019-05-21 13:31:19Create Your Own Luck & Get the Job You Want Today! 
 You might also like 
   3 Ways to Mentally Prepare for Your Next Interview   
   How To Fine-Tune Your Job Search   
   What to Do When You Don’t Have Much Relevant Job Experience   
   5 Benefits to Starting Your Job Search with a Staffing Agency   
   How to Maneuver Job Searching When You Still Have a Job   
   Manufacturing Interview: How Should You Dress?   
 Don’t Miss Anything! Have The Workbox Staffing Blog Delivered right to your Inbox. 
 Subscribe To Our Newsletter 
 Recent Posts 
 
 6 Red Flags the Job You’re Applying for is No-Good 
 Is A Light Industrial Job Right For You? 
 How to Balance Hiring for Quality and Filling Jobs Fast 
 How Do You Write Up An Employee? 
 5 Tips for Your First Day on the Job 
 
 Posts By Month 
 
 Company Culture 
 Employee Wellness 
 General Labor 
 Job Search 
 Looking to Hire 
 Management Tips 
 Professional Development 
 Skilled Trades 
 Uncategorized 
 workplace productivity 
 
 Locations   Employee Portal   Job Board   Subscribe 
 Locations   Employee Portal   Job Board   Subscribe 
 © 2020 Workbox Staffing. All rights reserved. - Equal Opportunity Employer - ASA Member  Site by CurlyHost. 
  Why Is Good Talent so Hard to Find?   No Car, No Problem. How to Create a No-Car Commute!  
 Scroll to top 
