[ 
 
 
 ](http://workisto.com/ "Workisto") Close Search for: Search 
 
 Companies 
 Find A Job 
 
 Vancouver 
 Toronto 
 
 
 Post A Job 
 Packages 
 Resumes
 
 Submit Resume 
 
 
 Login 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Pages
 
 Testimonials 
 Contact Us 
 FAQ 
 Privacy Policy 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Blog 
 
 
 
 Menu 
 Written by  admin 
 July 10, 2017   0 Comments 
 Keeping Up With The Next Gen Workforce 
 There’s no denying that everyone works in the best interest of their company. And at the workplace, a constant clash is seen between new workers and seasoned employees. However, the truth is that younger generation is being preferred for marketing and creative  jobs in Mississauga, Brampton and Toronto . 
 So what really sets the younger generation apart from the highly experienced workforce?  Workisto  , the number one  job portal in Ontario  , shares an insight on what drives the gen next and how a thing or two can be learned from them. 
 Tech savvy 
Whether it’s the new machine model in work or the latest technology being used in a smart device, the young blood wants it all. They keep looking for what’s new on the scene and are not hesitant on trying that. This is a plus factor as it keeps them ahead in their game. 
 Social Media savvy 
One can definitely learn a couple of things regarding social media marketing from the younger generation. That reminds me of a movie named “Chef” where the little kid handles social media for his dad’s food truck. They work as a team and learn from each other, the young learns the craft and the old learns to spread the word. 
 Being highly ambitious and relentless 
It’s no surprise that the next gen is a highly ambitious lot. They have a lot to achieve and they’ve just started in this huge game of rapid economic reforms. Their desire to survive makes them ambitious to the core. Where being too ambitious is not a positive trait, certain degree of motivation is needed which one can definitely puck from them. And they are relentless in their efforts. They crave instant gratification for their work and that makes them fast. 
 Avid Multitaskers 
They sit through their lectures, simultaneously being active on social media and texting apps, and still scored an A in the surprise test. Next gen is totally high on multitasking. They know how to balance professional and personal life perfectly. They are also on the lookout for new skills to be learnt. Because they know, it’s important to be a jack of many trades to survive in this economy. 
 These are the few traits of next generation that keeps them on their toes. While there is no substitute for hard work and experience, keeping up with the new trends is always a welcome attribute. If you seek  Latest jobs in Mississauga, Brampton and Toronto  , broadening your skills, and  Workisto  , will surely help. 
 Blog 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Comment 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 Search for: Search 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Keeping Up With The Next Gen Workforce 
 Top Qualities to Look for While Selecting a Job Portal 
 How to Prepare for an Interview- Hear from Workisto 
 Economy adds 41,000 jobs in March 
 Job vacancy rates across Canada 
 
 Got a question? 
 We're here to help. Check out our FAQs, send us an email or call us at 1(855) 54 Hired or 1(855)544-4733 
 Workisto 
 Job Searching Just Got Easy. Use workisto to find jobs or resources you want. 
 Workisto Offices 
 Workisto Inc. 
2300 Young Street 
Suite 1600 
Toronto, ON- M4P1E4 
Email: info@workisto.com 
 Toll Free 
 1(855) 54 Hired 
or 
1(855)544-4733 
 Recent News Articles 
 
 Keeping Up With The Next Gen Workforce  July 10, 2017 
 Top Qualities to Look for While Selecting a Job Portal  June 22, 2017 
 How to Prepare for an Interview- Hear from Workisto  June 22, 2017 
 
 (C) 2021 Workisto -- All Rights Reserved 
 Facebook   Twitter   Google Plus   Instagram   Pinterest 
 Back to Top 
