The River Management Blog 
 Everything to do with rivers 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Authors 
 Blog 
 Glossary 
 Links 
 WFD data 
 
 Tag Archives: careers 
 River Management Career Profiles : University Researcher 
 Posted on  March 4, 2015  by  Simon Dixon 
 Continuing our mini-series on career profiles within the water management sector, this post covers the job of university researcher. For this I have the unenviable task of interviewing myself. I turned up late, wore sunglasses throughout, even though it was …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  Careers ,  Uncategorized  | Tagged  careers  |  3 Comments 
 River Management Career Profiles: Water Consultant 
 Posted on  February 25, 2015  by  Simon Dixon 
 This is the first in our new series of career profiles within the broad river/water management sector. Pete Harrison, is a Senior Hydrologist at the consultancy WSP (see link for their website). For this series we ask people to answer …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  Careers ,  Flooding ,  Hydrology ,  River Management ,  Uncategorized  | Tagged  careers ,  river management  |  1 Comment 
 River Management Career Profiles 
 Posted on  February 25, 2015  by  Simon Dixon 
 Following on from our very popular blog looking at and reviewing the available MSc courses for entry into the field of river management I'm excited to launch a new mini-series on the blog today looking at careers in the river …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  Careers ,  Geomorphology ,  Hydrology ,  River Management ,  River restoration  | Tagged  careers ,  river basin management ,  river management  |  1 Comment 
 
 
 Search our blog 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Subscribe to the Blog 
 
 RSS - Posts 
 RSS - Comments 
 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 unreasonable expectations 
 Grant for Master's study in Hydrology 
 Looking into Selly Park Flooding 
 Can we justify preserving landscapes for heritage? 
 How wood in rivers affects flood risk - revisted 
 
 
 
 Our top posts and pages 
 
 The rivers of a riverless city: An ode to Birmingham 
 Lost urban rivers beneath our feet 
 What to do with lost urban rivers beneath our feet 
 The geomorphic effects of river dredging 
 About this blog 
 How do we use wood in river management? 
 The geomorphic impact of sluice or weir removal 
 What is River Restoration? 
 Autumn, leaves, blocked drains and flooding 
 The dynamics of large wood in forest rivers - new research paper 
 
 
 
 Tweets from Simon Dixon (@Woodinrivers) 
 
 RT @ GoldstoneRoss : PGR/PhD students across the UK!! This survey will close on Friday. If you haven't been able to respond yet, please do…  10 hours ago 
 @ CSMFHT  That was a golden age of memes  20 hours ago 
 RT @ Sunkensie : LGBTQ STEM professionals: - 20.2% more likely to be devalued than non-LGBTQ - 22% considered quitting the prior month;15% in…  1 day ago 
 Follow @Woodinrivers 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 Anglian 
 Careers 
 Chalk streams 
 Ecology 
 Flooding 
 Fracking 
 Geomorphology 
 guest blog 
 Hydrology 
 Marine and Coastal Management 
 Meteorology 
 paper review 
 Politics 
 prize 
 River Management 
 River restoration 
 Uncategorized 
 Urban rivers 
 Water Framework Directive 
 Water quality 
 
 
 
 Our authors 
 
   Adam Broadhead 
 
 The rise of "river restoration" 
 
 
   Simon Dixon 
 
 unreasonable expectations 
 
 
   Ben Gillespie 
 
 What are environmental flows? 
 
 
   Trevor Bond 
 
 The Inaugural England River Prize 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweets from Trevor Bond (@TrevBondEA) 
 
 The toughest week of January just got tougher, with flooding expected across much of the country in the coming days…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   5 hours ago 
 RT @ EnvAgencyAnglia : Just six inches of flowing water is enough to sweep you off your feet⚠️ If you are going out for a walk, check your r…  3 days ago 
 RT @ JamesBevanEA : 📣WANTED: An inspiring leader who’s passionate about managing flood risk & leading the fight against  #ClimateChange . This…  4 days ago 
 Follow @TrevBondEA 
 
 
 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 
 
 My Tweets 
 
 
 Tweets from Adam Broadhead 
 
 Still hoping for Sewage Bill to ref the Swiss Water Protection Act which encouraged combined sewer separation using…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   2 weeks ago 
 Great stuff - I’ve seen talk of deculverting for many years in High Wycombe.   linkedin.com/posts/richard-…   1 month ago 
 RT @ StreamDaylight : Glad to release my five datasets through my Data in Brief paper, two of which are interactive:   doi.org/10.1016/j.dib.… ……  1 month ago 
 Follow @losturbanrivers 
 
 
 
  The River Management Blog  
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
