Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 File Reviewer 
 Western University 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 About Western 
 Since 1878, Western University has been committed to serving our communities through the pursuit of academic excellence and by providing students, faculty, and community members with life-long opportunities for intellectual, social, and cultural growth. We seek excellent students, faculty, and staff to join us in what has become known as the "Western Experience" - an opportunity to contribute to a better world through the development of new knowledge, new abilities, new connections, and new ways to make a difference. 
 About Us 
 The Department of Family Medicine specializes in training comprehensive family physicians and future leaders in Family Medicine. This is done through a highly adaptable program that includes tailor-made curriculum and educational programs for residents. 
 Responsibilities 
 The Family Medicine Department requires motivated individuals to assist in the process of screening applicant files for the 2021 residency application process. Medical student applicants submit their application materials through the Canadian Resident Matching Service (CaRMS). These application packages include a personal letter, academic history, and applicant information that is relevant to their fit with our Family Medicine residency program. In conjunction with the Postgraduate Program Director and Recruitment Coordinator, the File Reviewer is responsible for applying a standardized score algorithm to applicant files, in order to create a summarized score sheet for each file. The files and scoring summary are then made available to the Program Directors of the Family Medicine Department who will be responsible for further assessment of the candidate files for program ranking. 
 Qualifications 
 Eligibility Requirement: 
 
 Undergraduate Degree in a relevant discipline 
 Previous file review or research experience with chart reviews is preferred 
 
 Skills, Abilities & Expertise: 
 
 Experience with clinical or administration work in health care settings is ideal 
 Highly proficient computer skills, especially in database management, Microsoft Word, Excel, Adobe Acrobat, videoconferencing software, electronic mail 
 Ability to apply critical thinking to evaluate information effectively and employ a systematic and efficient approach to work 
 Knowledge of the Canadian medical system and the fields of medicine within it 
 Detail-oriented with an ability to function and process information with high levels of accuracy 
 Communication skills to convey information and feedback in a clear and effective manner 
 Ability to work independently and maintain direction and focus through proactive planning and organized approaches to work 
 Ability to collect data in an objective manner 
 Ability to investigate defined issues, solicit input, and suggest remedies and alternative approaches that meet the needs of the situation 
 Ability to meet inflexible deadlines 
 Ability to work in a manner that models best practices in confidentiality standards 
 Experience in a university setting and academic environment involving selection and admission of students will be beneficial 
 
 Western Values Diversity 
 The University invites applications from all qualified individuals. Western is committed to employment equity and diversity in the workplace and welcomes applications from women, members of racialized groups/visible minorities, Aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, persons of any sexual orientation, and persons of any gender identity or gender expression. 
 Accommodations are available for applicants with disabilities throughout the recruitment process. If you require accommodations for interviews or other meetings, please contact Human Resources at hrhelp@uwo.ca or phone 519-661-2194. 
 Please Note: 
We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those chosen for an interview will be acknowledged. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
