  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  East Riding of Yorkshire, England 
 Rate:  £10.65 - £11.65 per hour 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Care Assistant 
 Are you a caring and positive individual with experience of working within the care industry? Are you looking to make a difference to the lives of the vulnerable and elderly during this difficult time? IF SO, THEN WE HAVE THE POSITION FOR YOU! 
 We currently have shifts available for a Care Assistant to join a friendly and supportive team at a Care Home in the Pocklington area. 
 This position is: 
 
 
 
 Ad Hoc Shifts - 7am - 3pm and 3pm - 11pm 
 
 
 
 £10.55 - £11.65 ltd per hour 
 
 
 The ideal candidate for this position will have previous experience of providing care to vulnerable adults and the elderly on a professional basis. 
 You will also be flexible, an excellent communicator and work well within a team and on your own initiative also. 
 If you would be interested in this role or any similar roles please do not hesitate to contact Emily @ Service Care on 01772 208964 or email emily.bentley@servicecare.org.uk 
 Benefits of working for Emily @ Service Care Solutions: 
 
 
 A specialist, dedicated Social Work consultant offering single point of contact 
 
 
 Exceptional referral bonuses 
 
 
 An extensive & exclusive range of Social Work vacancies across the UK 
 
 
 Nationwide provider Social Work staff to over 200 local authorities. 
 
 
 Payroll service twice a week 
 
 
 Ltd and PAYE payment options available 
 
 
 Frequent notifications for upcoming opportunities via text and email 
 
 
 Loyalty schemes / bonuses 
 
 
 DBS disclosures provided via fast track online services free of charge. 
 
 
 Note: Do you know someone who is looking for work in this field? If so, please pass these details on to them. 
 If we are able to place them into work such as this, lasting over 13 weeks, we will happily pay you a £250 referral bonus 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  Ongoing 
 
 
 Rate:  £10.65 - £11.65 per hour 
 
 
 Location:  East Riding of Yorkshire, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Other 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208964 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-18 16:38:07 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Adults Social Worker, Modern Slavery and Forced Marriage 
 Adults Social Worker, Safeguarding, Tower Hamlets 
 Estates Surveyor 
 Care Assistant 
 Maintenance Surveyor 
 Social Worker, Discharge to Assess, Lewisham 
 Building Surveyor 
 Social Worker, SGO and Connected Carers, Southwark 
 Gas Engineer Domestic 
 Social Worker, Safeguarding and Family Support, Southwark 
 Adults Social Worker, Physical Disabilities, Ealing 
 Senior Social Worker, Court Team, Home working 
 Qualified Visual Impairment Officer, Kensington and Chelsea 
 Senior CP / CIN Social Worker, Lewisham 
 Team Manager, Early Help, Working from home 
 Child Protection Advisor 
 Administrator 
 Family Support Worker 
 Senior Practitioner - Safeguarding and Support 
 Adult Social Care Debt Management Project Lead 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
