Skip to content 
   
  La Femme Exec 
 Empowering Black Millennial Women to Own their Careers 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Who We Are 
 Black Girl Magic 
 Contact 
 
   
 Ballet ,  Professional Ballerina ,  Women in Sports 
 Career Crush: Ingrid Silva, a Professional Ballerina 
 February 11, 2019February 18, 2019   Jasmine Mbadugha 
 Michelli Cadari 
 When I was younger, I always wondered what it would be like to be a professional ballerina. And, I’m sure if you have watched Black Swan or Save the Last Dance, you have probably thought about the same thing. It’s not everyday that you hear about professional black ballerinas because very few of them reach the height of their career. Ingrid Silva has managed to break every glass ceiling and rose to the top of her ballet career! 
 When Ingrid Silva was 8 years old, living in a favela in Brazil, she began ballet training at a local dance studio. She loved ballet dancing so much that she moved to New York to pursue her career. Ingrid is a professional ballerina with the Dance Theatre of Harlem. She is also the founder of Empower Her New York, a digital platform for women to share their career journeys.Ingrid shared some professional advice with L.F.E: 
 How did you discover your love for ballet? 
 I think dance came into my life without me knowing it, I was enrolled in a community dance project that had ballet. I was very energetic and my mom wanted me to join another activity. I did the audition when I was 8 years old and I got in! 
 What motivated you to pursue ballet as a professional career? What inspired you to move to New York at 18 to pursue your career? 
 Many things, one of them was the people around me who believed in who I was and what I could be! That is one of the most things Im grateful for. 
 I had a teacher who once came talk to me and said “you are very talented have you ever seen yourself becoming a professional?” I was like oh ok! 
 At that time, I had never seen anyone that looked like me, but then Bethania Gomes, who is friends with my ballet teacher, came to the studio and really said I should audition for DTH. Well, I did and here I am. 
 Melika Dez 
 You have created a path for yourself in a very competitive industry. What are some of the challenges you have faced as black professional ballet dancer? 
 I mean, I am a professional ballerina in a diverse company. Right now, the only challenge I face is becoming a better me everyday. But before I joined the company, I felt like I had to prove myself in a place where I could never have seen myself. It was my first job as well. 
 EmpowerHer NY is an amazing organization! What was your inspiration behind it? 
 Women and our necessity of speaking! 
 Who is your Career Crush? 
 Wendy Whelan! 
 What does diversity and inclusion mean to you? 
 Opportunity: that’s the key to me! Because that's the only way people can see where they can see themselves. 
 Also the world is diverse so we should have diversity in every career. 
 Quinn Wharton 
 What advice do you have for young women who want to break into professional ballet dancing? 
 Believe in yourself, Thats the secret, the challenges will be there but you have to be strong! 
 What does being an executive woman mean to you? 
 Wow it means business, which is new for me! Im learning as I go! 
 Share this: 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Post navigation 
 Previous postCareer Conversations with Melissa Ketch 
 Next postHow Rachel Hislop is Redefining African Content! 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Tweets 
 My Tweets 
 
 
 
 Category Cloud 
 Beauty   Consulting   Consumer Goods   Diversity & Inclusion   Entrepreneur   Fashion   Finance   forbes30u30   Founder   Girls Who Code   Lady Bosses   Media & Enterainment   Mental Health   Millenial Lady Boss   millennial lady bosses   Millennials   Public Relations   Social Impact   Technology   Uncategorized   Women in Business   Women in Fashion   Women in Law   Women in Media   Women in Medicine   Women in Policy   Women in Retail   Women in Science   Women in Sports   Women in Tech 
 Copyright. La Femme Exec 2018 
 
 Follow Us 
 
  Twitter  
  Instagram  
  Facebook  
 
 Future Lady Bosses 
 Email Address: 
 Subscribe :) 
  Create a website or blog at WordPress.com  
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
