
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Software Jobs Remote Jobs Internships How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Queue (S20) 
 Platform for providing services online built for creatives 
 Sales intern 
 
 Location 
 Remote 
 Job Type 
 Internship 
 Experience 
 About Queue 
 Queue is a platform that lets video production teams collaborate and get feedback on their work. We give you the tools needed to get feedback on your work, paid safely, and scale your business to handle many more clients at once. 
 Vision 
 The vision of the company is to build a platform that makes it easy for anyone from a freelancer to a large agency to provide their services online. We'll make it easy to handle everything from getting feedback, collaboration, and even getting paid. We're used by thousands of video production teams, esport coaches, and more. 
 Our culture 
 If there's one thing we value at Queue, it's feedback. If you're doing great, we'll tell you that you are. If you're not performing, we'll tell you and figure out a plan for it. We value fast communication and people who loves autonomy. The ones who are self reliant and says "idk how to do that, but i'm gonna go figure that shit out real quick". 
 About the role 
 Job description  You will be working closely with the cofounders to develop a sales strategy. Which includes prospecting, cold outreach, and following up to get them to book a demo with the cofounder. 
 Culture requirements 
 
 You have high communication skills and response time. 
 You have an open minded attitude toward feedback. 
 Have self reliance and figure things out if needed. 
 
 Technology 
 
 Ruby on rails 
 ReactJS 
 React Native 
 ElectronJS 
 
 Other jobs at Queue 
 Fullstack engineer 
 fulltime 
 Remote 
 Full Stack 
 $100k - $150k 
 1.50% - 2.50% 
 3+ years 
 Community building and content marketing 
 intern 
 Remote 
 Any 
 Sales intern  
 intern 
 Remote 
 Any 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
