Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Sales Associate 
 FIELDS 
 __Fort Saskatchewan, AB 
 Apply Now 
 You are a people person whose communication skills allow you to connect with others easily. 
 You love to help and enjoy solving problems – you face every challenge with enthusiasm and a smile. 
 You are reliable and never leave a friend or colleague hanging. 
 You’re eager to jump in where needed and always take pride in the work you do. 
 You are polished, professional and you make a great impression on everyone you meet. 
 You’d be a great FIELDS Sales Associate. 
 About FIELDS 
 While FIELDS stores have been around since 1948 and are rich in history, we’ve been under new management since May 2012. Our vision is to proudly serve our community, customers and each other—and to help our customers live a better life for less. We’re Canadian owned, growing quickly and are looking for amazing people to join our FIELDS family. 
 About the Sales Associate Position: 
 As a FIELDS Sales Associate, you will provide excellent service to customers, while maintaining merchandise presentation and signage standards. You will work under the leadership of the Store Manager and Assistant Store Manager and will play a key role in loss prevention and health and safety. 
 Requirements: 
 
 Strong communication/interpersonal skills 
 Cash and tender handling 
 High School completion or equivalent is preferred 
 Previous retail experience is an asset 
 
 We Offer: 
 
 Competitive wages 
 Opportunities for career advancement 
 Challenging and engaging work 
 Values oriented culture 
 Opportunities to move between locations 
 
 **  FIELDS is a proud recipient of the Rotary “Inclusive Employer” award for exemplifying diversity in the workplace and is ranked amongst the top 100 privately owned companies in BC by Business In Vancouver. ** 
 Job Type: Part-time 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
