We use cookies to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyze our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. You consent to our cookies if you continue to use our website. View our updated  Cookies & Privacy Policy  to learn more. 
 I Agree 
 
 
  workforolympia.com  
 
 
  __Who We Are 
 
 
  __Career Path 
 
 
  __Awards & Accolades  
 
 
  __Jobs 
 
 
  Privacy Policy  
 
 
  Contact Us  
 
 
  theolympiacompanies.com  
   
  Search Jobs  
 Bartender 
 Chicago, IL 
 About the Property 
 Sophy Hyde Park, newly opened in the fall of 2018, has quickly become a guest favorite and a Top Ten hotel in Chicago on TripAdvisor. Our team provides thoughtful service to guests of University of Chicago, University Medical Center, the McCormick Place Convention Center as well as visitors to the many world-class museums in the area. The commitment, attitude, and performance of our team members drive the success of our hotel. Our South Side boutique hotel takes on this challenging task to achieve a high level of client and guest satisfaction every day. This requires building an enthusiastic team of high-performing individuals to fill a wide variety of positions to provide exceptional service, from the heart. We seek qualified candidates who share our values and the desire to create a warm and professional hospitality environment. 
 Thank you for your interest in our available positions. Please complete the employment form below and share with us a little bit more about yourself. 
 Job Description 
 Skills Required: 
 Provide high-level customer service, communicate effectively with guests and team members, follow instructions, ability to learn quickly, pay attention to detail, and maintain composure when working under pressure. 
 Experience / Education:  **** 
 Previous bartending experience preferred; must be of legal age in order to serve alcohol, per state law; high school diploma and/or equivalent work experience; TIPS certified preferred; Allergy Awareness training helpful. 
 Physical Demands: 
 This is a very physically demanding job that requires extended periods of walking, standing, bending, lifting, twisting and kneeling. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. 
 
 Location 
 Mesler 
1411 East 53rd Street 
Chicago IL, 60615 
 773-289-1003 
 Job Overview 
 TITLE:  Bartender 
 DEPARTMENT:  Food & Beverage 
 FT/PT:  Full Time 
 __   Download Job Listing 
 Apply Now 
 To apply for this job, please use the form below 
 Email * 
 Name * 
 Phone Number 
 Message * 
 Resume 
 Please upload your resume here. Allowed files: .doc, .docx, .pdf. 
 Are You Human? * 
