Accountant 
 Yours #3cITy adventure awaits! 
 Apply 
 location_city 
 Tricity 
 book 
 Training & education budget 
 watch_later 
 Flexible working hours 
 flight_takeoff 
 International clients 
 en 
 
 pl 
 
 expand_more 
 One application, countless possibilities! 
 Are you an accounting wiz? if yes, then this is for you. The Tricity is home to shared services centres for some of the best brands in the market and they are looking for individuals with analytical and top accounting skills. 
Wondering why you should be applying? Well.... submit your resume once and we will deliver it to all our partner companies looking for skilled accountants like you. 
Are you ready to take your career to the next level? 
 What you will do 
 Expand allchevron_right 
 perm_data_setting 
 Manage financial data 
 chevron_right 
 Gather financial data and ledgers, prepare statements, help provide and prepare information for reports in a timely manner. Handle monthly, quarterly and annual closings. 
 assessment 
 Safeguard procedures 
 chevron_right 
 Oversee accounting procedures to ensure compliance with regulations. Analyze information, prioritize tasks and manage time effectively. Handle sensitive information in a confidential manner. 
 laptop 
 Support the business 
 chevron_right 
 Assist in compilation of various reports. Analyze data to improve critical business decisions. Provide assistance with invoices and payments. Maintain, verify, and update numerous ledgers. 
 What we expect 
 Expand allchevron_right 
 school 
 Education 
 chevron_right 
 You’ve finished at least a bachelor's degree in finance, accounting or economy. 
 palette 
 Tools 
 chevron_right 
 MS Office is your best friend and Pivot tables are a sleight of hand. You love V-lookup and can talking about accounting softwares in your sleep! 
Knowledge of and experience in GL, finance and taxation laws is a must. 
Knowledge of ERP and SAP is a plus. 
 assignment 
 Skills 
 chevron_right 
 Numbers are your thing. You have experience in preparing VAT, CIT and PIT declarations and financial statements. 
 location_searching 
 Attention to detail 
 chevron_right 
 You have a detail-oriented mindset. Nothing escapes your attention. You know that even the smallest details can make the biggest difference. 
 language 
 Language skills 
 chevron_right 
 At least B1 English and German would be very useful. 
 Perks & Benefits 
 language 
 Free language classes 
 single_bed 
 Ergonomic workplaces 
 book 
 Training & education budget 
 insert_drive_file 
 Employment Contract 
 public 
 International projects 
 event 
 Sponsored participation in events and conferences 
 sync_alt 
 Relocation benefits 
 house 
 Work from home 
 watch_later 
 Flexible working hours 
 person 
 Mentor programs 
 Why you would want to work and live in the Tricity 
 Expand allchevron_right 
 computer 
 One of the best working conditions in Poland 
 chevron_right 
 According to research, experts and managers declared the Tricity the third most attractive relocation destination in Poland. 
 87% of employees from the Tricity deem their working conditions and environment to be good. 61% of employees indicated the Tricity as the best place to settle in Poland. 
 monetization_on 
 Competitive salaries 
 chevron_right 
 The salaries in the Pomeranian Region are among the highest in the country. The average salary in 2018 was 5248,44 PLN, making them the fourth-highest in Poland after the Mazovian, Silesian and Lower Silesian regions. This is particularly significant as the cost of living is low and the standard of living in Tricity is higher than other places. 
 call_made 
 Growing job market 
 chevron_right 
 More and more opportunities in diverse job positions have opened up because of a large number of investments in the Pomeranian Region. The level of unemployment is very low (2,3% in Tricity vs. 5,8% in Poland), hence the constant need for talented individuals to fuel the growth. 
 tag_faces 
 Happiest place in Poland 
 chevron_right 
 Life in the Pomeranian Region is the perfect balance between the possibilities of big cities and the peace and quiet offered by small towns. This is why the locals tend to be happier and more relaxed. 
73,7% of people consider themselves happy or very happy with life in the Pomeranian Region, which makes us the happiest region Poland! 
86% of people believe that the quality of life in the Tricity is good, and, we are not the only ones saying it. A recent survey done by Numbeo on quality of life vs cost of living ranked the Tricity as the 33 best city in Europe and 88 in the world! 
 nature_people 
 Nature. Everywhere. 
 chevron_right 
 If you love nature, then you are going to love the Tricity for the sheer abundance of nature. 
From forests with great hiking trails to hills to climb to sand dunes to breathtaking beaches to skiing slopes, the Tricity has it all! 
 If you want, you can even venture out of the Tricity and make your way to Kaszubia and enjoy the amazing Kashubian Lake District with breathtaking lakes that lie 149 to 216 metres above sea level. 
 local_movies 
 There is always something to do 
 chevron_right 
 Come hail or high water, you’ll always be spoiled for choice for things to do in the Tricity. 
A diverse and vibrant community (please change it to We got connection to the right places 
The Tricity is one of the best-connected cities in Europe in terms of flight, ferry and bus connections to other cities in Poland and Europe. The Gdańsk Lech Wałęsa Airport is the 3rd largest airport in Poland, and connects the Tricity to over 60 destinations within Poland and the EU and many international destinations too! 
We are also well connected by ferries and cruises to over 10 destinations within the EU and of course Polski Bus and the PKP Intercity connects you to the rest of Poland and other parts of the EU. True to it’s history, the Tricity is a crossroad for those who love to travel and explore. 
 map 
 We are connected! 
 chevron_right 
 The Tricity has excellent connections to the rest of Europe and beyond in terms of flight, ferry and bus connections to other cities in Poland and Europe. The Gdańsk Lech Wałęsa Airport is the 3rd largest airport in Poland, and connects the Tricity to over 60 destinations within Poland and the EU and many international destinations too! 
 We are also well connected by ferries and cruises to over 10 destinations within the EU and of course Polski Bus and the PKP Intercity connects you to the rest of Poland and other parts of the EU. True to it's history, the Tricity is a crossroad for those who love to travel and explore. 
 supervised_user_circle 
 A diverse and vibrant community 
 chevron_right 
 The Tricity is fast becoming a melting pot of culture. A recent survey shows us that the city speaks more than 34 languages! A vibrant mix of various nationalities ensures that you can learn from a variety of cultures, meet people from across the world and of course, taste some truly international flavors! 
 Discover Pomerania 
 Join us! 
 First name 
 Last name 
 Email 
 Phone number 
 I accept  Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy  of Live more. Pomerania 
 I agree to the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy of service 
 Apply 
