Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 INVESTMENT BANKING ASSOCIATE - LIFE SCIENCES (TORONTO) 
 Stifel Nicolaus Canada Inc. 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Summary 
 Stifel Investment Banking offers Associates a unique environment that combines an entrepreneurial platform focused on emerging growth companies with analytical rigor and the opportunity to hone their deal execution skills. The Investment Banking Associate will be providing formal life sciences-based analysis as part of a team assessing the viability of the file/company in question. The successful candidate will be an integral part of the group’s growth and development. Tasks will include: 
 The Associate will be primarily responsible for preliminary technical/medical review consisting of developing independent analyses based on direct client interaction, review of relevant clinical and market data and assessment of evolving market dynamics; 
Ability to technically assess the biological impact of different drugs and molecules including THC/CBD, Psychedelics and wearable technologies; 
Ability to travel to and/or interface with technical/medical teams at current and prospective clients to establish product feasibility; 
Preparation of the more technical aspects of internal and external client presentations; and 
The Associate will function as a key member of our integrated Life Sciences team led by senior Investment Banking personnel. 
 Qualifications 
 A high regard for detail and accuracy are essential. The role of the Investment Banking Associate is challenging and fast-paced. It requires dedication, passion for the industry, and a solid work ethic. The successful candidate must have a deep personal interest in Wellness and its ongoing evolution via scientific advancement. 
 Educational credentials should consist of a Master’s Degree or higher in Life Sciences or Molecular Biology or Neuroscience or Pharmacology. Key drivers: 
 A strong educational background and understanding of the Central Nervous System; 
A deep technical knowledge of the molecules relating to THC/CBD and Psychedelics. 
A team player with a strong interpersonal skills, high level of maturity, strong academic record, and superior analytical and communication skills; 
The ability to manage multiple tasks and meet deadlines; 
The ability to work and thrive in an open office and team environment; 
A high degree of self-motivation, a strong work ethic and a passion for personal excellence; 
A willingness to learn the broader aspects of the activities/duties relating to fulfillment of the Associate role including financial modeling and deep industry and company-specific analysis; and 
Expertise with Microsoft Office applications including Excel, PowerPoint and Word would be highly beneficial. 
 About STIFEL GMP 
 Stifel Canada (https://www.stifel.com/institutional/StifelCanada) is a leading provider of investment banking services, including advisory and underwriting, institutional sales and trading and research services. We offer a full suite of focused debt capital markets, equity capital markets, financial advisory, and investment services, delivering superior advice and execution to a broad range of corporate clients and institutional investors worldwide. 
 Stifel Canada is a subsidiary of Stifel Financial Corp., a public (NYSE – SF) full-service global investment bank with over 8,500 personnel operating in Canada, the United States and Europe. This includes over 400 investment banking professionals serving the needs of middle-market companies through specialized expertise and strong relationships within its core industries. As a growth company itself, Stifel’s passion is in bringing the right combination of people, products and services to the table to help our clients grow and excel for the long term. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
