Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Store Leader - Saskatoon 
 Tesla 
 __Saskatoon, SK 
 Apply Now 
 Store Leader 
 About Tesla 
 Tesla is accelerating the world’s transition to sustainable transportation and electricity consumption by designing and manufacturing electric vehicles and energy storage systems. With our headquarters based in California, Tesla employs more than 30,000 people across four continents. Tesla manufactures cars at our factory in Fremont, California and produces Tesla Energy battery storage products at the Gigafactory, the world’s largest lithium ion battery factory–in Sparks, Nevada. 
 Tesla Motors currently produces two premium EVs–Model S and Model X–engineered from the ground up to be the world’s best car and SUV, respectively. Model S received Motor Trend’s prestigious 2013 Car of the Year, and achieved the best safety score of any car ever tested by the NHTSA. Model X includes the first ever falcon wing doors, as well as Tesla’s award-winning electric all-wheel drive powertrain. Both vehicles come with road trip access to more than 400 Tesla Supercharger stations—the world’s fastest EV charging technology. Model 3, our third generation EV, is officially in production and available in North America. 
 Tesla Energy produces the Powerwall, a residential battery pack, as well as commercial and utility-grade Powerpack storage systems designed to help reduce electricity costs, smooth consumption and create a more resilient electricity grid. 
 Tesla is committed to hiring and developing top talent from across the world for any given discipline. Our world-class teams operate with a non-conventional product development philosophy of high inter-disciplinary collaboration, flat organizational structure, and technical contribution at all levels. You will be expected to challenge and to be challenged, to create, and to innovate. These jobs are not for everyone; you must have a genuine passion for producing the best vehicles in the world. Without passion, you will find what we’re trying to do too difficult. 
 The Role 
 Our Store Leaders are seasoned sales veterans and naturally charismatic leaders. In this role, you will be responsible for leading the recruitment, training, development and overall management of a dynamic store team that will help Tesla accelerate the world’s transition to sustainable transportation. 
 You will be challenged to support your team through training, coaching, motivating and analyzing sales performance. You will be tasked with identifying events in the local market that will maximize Tesla’s brand exposure and create more Tesla owners. You will be measured and rewarded by your ability to achieve a cumulative store sales target, drive optimal team performance, and maintain store operations. 
 To succeed at Tesla, you must be energetic, highly organized, and hard working. You should have a passion for sustainable energy and the ability to create exceptional customer experiences. While individual contributions will be recognized, teamwork is essential to achieve the highest level of success. We will reward team players who help others succeed and empower the team around them. 
 Responsibilities 
 BUSINESS HEALTH 
 Coach and motivate sales team to meet assigned sales, delivery, and productivity goals 
Demonstrate sales leadership by role playing and having an active presence on the floor 
Train and develop team on sales and delivery motions 
Analyze data to determine optimal business strategies 
Set individual goals for your team, ensuring goals are aligned with store goals 
Ensure team is fluent in all aspects of product knowledge 
Partner with Marketing to identify local marketing and event opportunities to drive sales 
 CUSTOMER EXPERIENCE 
 Responsible for ensuring all employees provide best in class customer experience for every customer 
Manage customer escalations quickly and effectively 
Empower and guide employees through challenging customer concerns, to make decisions in the customers’ best interest while also supporting Tesla’s mission 
 EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT 
 Recruit, train, and develop management team and employees ensuring all positions are filled in a timely manner 
Support, implement and provide follow-up for all training 
Continually evaluate the performance of each employee and provide constant feedback to drive results 
Identify hi potential talent and effectively succession plan for needs of the business 
Ensure all employees adhere to Tesla policies and procedures 
Resolve all human resources issues in a timely and effective manner, partnering with HR effectively 
 BRAND STANDARDS 
 Ensure facility maintenance and showroom presentation adhere to the brand standard 
Control store expenses continually striving to reduce costs 
Ensure all employees align with Tesla’s Dress Code and Grooming Guidelines 
 Requirements 
 Bachelor’s degree preferred 
5+ years of applicable experience with proven track record to meet or exceed goals 
Self-starting entrepreneur with exceptional management and coaching skills 
Ability to prioritize multiple projects and adhere to business-critical deadlines 
Excellent written and verbal communication skills 
Dedicated and ethical approach to sales and sales operations 
Ability to develop collaborative relationships acting as a well-respected, trusted partner that others want to work with 
Ability to work evenings and weekends in a retail environment 
Valid driver’s license in the country in which you are applying, 2 year minimum driving record required with a clean driving history 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
