  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Birmingham, England 
 Rate:  £40000 - £45000 per annum 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Team Manager 
 Team Manager 
I am currently recruiting for a Team Manager for an Independent Fostering Agency in Birmingham. 
 This is a permanent vacancy, with a start date of the next couple of months. 
 The salary is £40,000-£45,000 DOE. 
 The office is located in the Erdington area. 
 An Independent Fostering Agency are looking for a Team Manager to join their Fostering team based in the West Midlands. 
 This is a permanent, full-time position that is home-working. 
The ideal applicant will have post qualification experience in a Looked after Children, Child Protection, Fostering or Adoption setting. 
 You will need to possess the drive to match this Independent Fostering Agency's ambitions. 
The focus of the work is to provide regular supervision and support to foster carers and their family, complete unannounced visits and foster carers' household reviews yearly, liaise with other professionals and attend/participate in meetings regarding the children in placements, complete Personal Development Plans with each foster carers and deliver some of the sector specific training courses, facilitate support groups for the fostering households, and co-ordinate special events for foster carers and their families. 
You will be responsible for managing, leading and shaping a team of social work professionals. 
 As a senior member of staff and a valued Team Manager you will be setting service priorities, planning team workloads, reviewing performance and monitoring and budget management. 
 You will need to have previous experience in Fostering within an IFA. 
 This is an exciting and rewarding opportunity and suits those seeking a fresh challenge or equally those who are hungry for their next step from Deputy into a Team Management role. 
 The benefits of working with Adam at Service Care Solutions: 
, You will receive a £150 joining bonus after completing 4 weeks of your first 
assignment with us 
, Free umbrella service for new candidates 
, You will receive a dedicated and personal consultant with a vast knowledge of social work 
, We provide frequent updates of new opportunities via text and email 
, We are a nationwide supplier of Social Work staff to over 200 local authorities 
which means we have a wide variety of exclusive roles based all over the country 
, We have an expert payroll service which is processed twice a week 
 To be considered; apply to this role, or call Adam on 01772 208964, or email adam.stone@servicecare.org.uk 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Rate:  £40000 - £45000 per annum 
 
 
 Location:  Birmingham, England 
 
 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 
 Industry:  Other 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208 964 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2021-01-13 16:54:07 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Customer Service Advisor 
 Cleaner 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Recovery Worker 
 Mental Health Recovery Worker 
 Channel Sales Manager 
 Senior Children's Support Worker 
 Social Worker 
 Talent Acquisition Coordinator  
 Recovery Worker 
 Environmental Health Officer 
 Food Safety Officer 
 Environmental Health Officer 
 Theatre Nurse 
 Domestic Assistant 
 Planning Manager 
 Head of Highways 
 Hospital Cleaner 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
