Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Controller 
 Robert Half Finance & Accounting 
 __Burnaby, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Our client is a rapidly growing agricultural tech company that has revolutionized the dehydration of fruits, vegetables, and hops. By utilizing vacuum microwave dehydration technology and is looking to add a Controller to their team that embodies their core values of hard work, teamwork, exceptional customer service, and superior craftsmanship. 
 Position Summary: 
The successful candidate is responsible for overseeing and signing off all financial activities of the company including business planning, budgeting, forecasting and negotiations. The qualified person will provide leadership, direction and management to the finance and accounting team. The candidate will be expected to manage and deliver on expected time and standards of excellence set by the clients and senior management. 
 
 As a true business partner to the CEO, assess organizational performance against both the annual budget and company’s long-term strategy 
 Develop tools and systems to provide critical financial and operational information to the CEO and make actionable recommendations on both strategy and operations. 
 Assist in establishing yearly objectives 
 Providing leadership, direction and management of the finance and accounting team 
 
 Executive Management 
 
 Serve as a member of the executive leadership team 
 Participate in key decisions pertaining to strategic initiatives, operating model and operational execution 
 Reviewing and developing all finance procedures 
 
 Financial Planning and Analysis 
 
 Oversee the issuance of financial information 
 Managing the processes for financial forecasting and budgets, and overseeing the preparation of all financial reporting 
 Develop quarterly, annual, and long-term financial plans and forecasts. 
 Develop and track key operating and financial metrics 
 Oversee operations of the finance department, set goals and objectives, and design a framework for best practice execution consistent with the company’s operating goals. 
 Maintain a documented system of accounting policies and procedures. 
 Develop and manage monthly budgets with department heads. Report to management on variances from the established budget and the reasons for those variances. 
 Oversee core legal, tax, and other responsibilities, working with our contracted service providers, when necessary. 
 
 Finance 
 
 Coordinate with outside contractors, auditors, bankers and shareholders, as needed. 
 Monitor cash balances and cash forecasts 
 
 Risk Management 
 
 Manages risks and their impacts; creates awareness of risks with both internal and external stakeholders 
 Understand and mitigate key elements of the company’s risk profile 
 Monitor all open legal issues involving the company, and legal issues affecting the industry 
 Construct and monitor reliable and effective control systems 
 Maintain appropriate insurance coverage 
 Ensure that the company complies with all legal and regulatory requirements 
 Facilitate and lead annual financial statement audits, serving as liaison between external auditors and the CEO 
 
 Operations 
 
 Manage and Oversee the implementation and use of our ERP system (Microsoft NAV) 
 Analyze costs, pricing, variable contributions, sales results, and the company’s actual performance compared to plan and recommend strategies to keep the business on plan. 
 Responsible for contract management, invoicing, and collections operations. 
 Assist in determining product pricing in relation to features offered and competitor pricing. 
 Compile key business metrics and report on them to management. 
 
 Qualifications, Knowledge and Abilities: 
Bachelor’s Degree in Business or Commerce with the concentration of Finance and Accounting is required. 
 To be considered for this role please send your resume directly to: Dushyanthi Krishna at Dushyanthi.Krishna@Roberthalf.com quoting job number 05060-0011222084. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
