  
 Menu Bar 
 
 __ 
 
 Go 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Job Search 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 New Graduates 
 Job Sites & Resources 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 
 
 Networking 
 
 Networking Tips 
 Networking Etiquette 
 Networking Events 
 Social Media & Online Networking 
 Elevator Speech 
 Informational Interviews 
 Networking Mistakes 
 FAQ About Networking 
 
 
 
 Cover Letter 
 
 Cover Letter Tips 
 Cover Letter Format 
 Cover Letter Samples 
 Cover Letter Mistakes 
 FAQ About Cover Letter Writing 
 
 
 
 Resume 
 
 Resume Tips 
 Resume Format 
 Resume Template 
 Resume Samples 
 Customizing Your Resume 
 Resume Formatting 
 Ideas & Alternatives 
 Resume Mistakes 
 Resume Writers 
 FAQ About Resume Writing 
 
 
 
 Interview 
 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Questions 
 Interview Skills 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Mistakes 
 Follow Up Interview Email 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Career Advancement 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 Continuing Education 
 Productivity 
 Work Relationships 
 Work Environment 
 Work Life Balance 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 
 Go 
 
  Home   
  Interview   
  Interview Tips   
 Ask Insightful Questions at the Job Interview Using the Gravitas Model 
 
 Ask Insightful Questions at the Job Interview Using the Gravitas Model 
 by Mo Bunnell 
 
 “Do you have any questions for me?” 
 
 That’s been the standard way of closing an interview for decades. 
 What many people don’t realize is that, if used right, this can be the most valuable part. Research by Dr. Diana Tamir shows that the pleasure center of our brain lights up when we talk about ourselves. It’s delightful – and addictive. So before the interview is over, be sure to ask some insightful questions that will get the interviewer sharing their own perspective. 
 In this article I am going to teach you a proven question-asking model that will make you stand out ahead of every other candidate applying for the job. It’s called the Gravitas Model. 
 
 Gravitas is a quality of substance, of depth of personality. 
 
 It was one of the virtues expected of every ancient Roman citizen, along with duty, dignity, and justice. You don’t have to wear a toga to recognize it, though. Have you ever known someone with the capacity to dramatically change the course of a discussion or the energy in a room? Someone who asks the most revealing questions and makes bold, insightful observations that stick with you long after the conversation is over? 
 This is gravitas at work. It’s the ability to go deep, to have a dialogue with substance, add value on any topic, and encourage others to let you help them. When used in the confines of an interview, it will set you miles apart from the competition. 
 The Gravitas Model consists of three axes, each with two sides, for a total of six question-asking categories. 
 To cultivate gravitas, your goal is to converse across as many dimensions in this model as possible. The more you cover, the deeper the conversation will go. As you talk, think through each of these axes to draw unexpected connections and ask penetrating questions that open up new lines of thought. Let’s explore each axis in detail. 
 Time 
 Time consists of asking questions about both the  past  as well as the  future . Looking at the past provides input for current and future decisions: What was the most important experience you had that landed you this role? What drew you to the role and company? What’s the most important experience you’ve had in this role? Looking to the future spurs creative thinking: How do you see this team/group evolving over the next year? What do you think the industry will be like in a year? How do you see that affecting this role? What’s the number one priority you’ve got this year? 
 Perspective 
 Perspective consists of asking questions that  elevate  the conversation as well as questions that get to the  root problem . Sometimes you can’t see the forest for the trees. At the elevated end of the axis, you adopt a ten-thousand-foot view of the topic you’re discussing: How does this role fit into the company’s overall strategy? What are the most important performance metrics, and what does success look like with regard to them? Meanwhile generalities alone can often miss a critical detail. To unearth the root problem, get granular: What do you believe is the one most important trait for this job? What obstacles do you foresee anyone with this role having to overcome? 
 Connections 
 Questions related to connections can be divided into  who/what exists  as well as  who/what is missing.  Approach the subject holistically by drawing connections. On one end of this axis, you seek to discover the people and activities already associated with the topic: Who are the most critical people on your team? What other projects are they working on, and what would they say about their priorities? What resources do you have that are key to success? On the other end, you explore the connections that haven’t yet been made: Who else should be on this team? What additional steps should be taken? What resources do you need, but don’t yet have, to be successful? 
 Used systematically, the gravitas model broadens and deepens conversations in ways people will immediately notice. Often we’re only comfortable conversing along one or two of these axes. As a result, our conversations end up in the same ruts. In an interview setting, it might not be appropriate to ask numerous questions along every axis. But using the Gravitas Model to think of a few insightful questions before walking in the door can pay dividends. Once you learn to integrate the gravitas model into your interactions, you’ll see how much richer and more rewarding all your communication can be. 
 Get the interviewer’s pleasure center lighting up. It’s ironic that interviewing the interviewer might land you the job you want. 
 
 Mo Bunnell is the Founder and CEO of Bunnell Idea Group, who has taught sales skills to over 12,000 people. You can learn Mo’s other techniques for growing influence in his new book, THE SNOWBALL SYSTEM: How to Win More Business and Turn Clients into Raving Fans, at snowballsystem.com  and get a gratis, 8-part video training on creating demand at  createdemandcourse.com . 
 
 For further exploration of Tamir’s research on how it feels to talk about yourself, see this study: Tamir, D. I. and J. P. Mitchell (2012). “Disclosing information about the self is intrinsically rewarding.” Proceedings of the National Academy of Sciences 109(21): 8038-8043. 
 
 Interview Center 
 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Questions 
 Interview Skills 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Mistakes 
 Follow Up Interview Email 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 Recommended Articles 
 
 Job Interviews: More Success Secrets You Really Need to Know  
 Employment Interviewing: The Winning Strategy  
 Five Tips to Improve Your Job Interview  
 10 Body Language Errors to Avoid at Your Next Job Interview  
 Communication Strategies for Women in the Job Interview  
 When to Schedule a Job Interview  
 10 Tips to Set Up a Great Mock Interview  
 
 FAQ 
 
 What Questions to Ask During a Job Interview? 
 What to Wear for a Job Interview? 
 How to Answer Interview Questions? 
 How to Ask for Feedback When You Did Not Land the Job? 
 What Your Non-Verbal Communication Says About You and How to Fix It? 
 How to Make a Good Impression (Visually)? 
 How to Prepare for a Phone Interview? 
 What Is an Informal Interview and How to Approach It? 
 
 Interview Center 
 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Questions 
 Interview Skills 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Mistakes 
 Follow Up Interview Email 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 Become a Contributor 
 We are always on the lookout for good writers. If you are a resume writer, career coach or human resources professional and would like to contribute, please  get in touch  and earn your badge! 
 
 WorkBloom's goal is to help you find work and reach your highest aspirations, one step at a time. 
 Featured Resources 
 
 Resume Writing 101  __ 
 Over 300 Resume Samples  __ 
 Cover Letter Writing 101  __ 
 Over 200 Cover Letter Samples  __ 
 The Holland Codes / RIASEC  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Job Search Center  __ 
 Networking Center  __ 
 Cover Letter Center  __ 
 Resume Center  __ 
 Interview Center  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Career Center  __ 
 Students & New Graduates Center  __ 
 Contributors  __ 
 Contact Us  __ 
 
 Copyright © 2006-2021 | All Rights Reserved |  Privacy Policy 
 × 
 Send 
