Skip to content 
 
 Main Menu Main Menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Blog 
 Privacy Policy 
 Terms of Use 
 Search 
 
 Search for: __ 
 Thousands of Freelance Jobs 
 1 Comment  /  Freelance  / By    Kim Rowley  
 Disclosure: This post may contain affiliate links, meaning we get a commission if you decide to make a purchase through our links, at no cost to you. Please read our disclosure  for more info. 
 FreelanceWorkExchange.com is a great site I recommend for those looking to "work in their pajamas" as thousands of current job postings of legitimate job offers are listed (ie looking for writers, programmers, data entry personnel) and not MLM business opportunities. 
Plus their site offers helpful tips/advice, such as: 
FREE report: 'How to Find Freelance Work' 
FREE course: 'The Secrets of Work at Home Success' 
FREE eBook: 'Start Freelancing for Profit Today' 
Check it out! Here's wishing you much success! 
 Learn How To Make (More) Money From Home 
 SUBSCRIBE 
 You have Successfully Subscribed! 
 Post navigation 
 Next Post -> 
 1 thought on "Thousands of Freelance Jobs" 
 
 Neeraj 
 
 January 11, 2010 at 7:57 am 
 i had thinked about freelance jobs but ultimately decided in the favour of doiung job for yourself that way whatever you work on will be yours for ever. 
 Leave a Comment  Cancel Reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Type here.. 
 Name* 
 Email* 
 Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Search for: 
 About Us 
 Kim and friends have been sharing tips about working from home for over 20 years. Pajamas are optional. 
 Subscribe 
 How To Make (More) Money From Home 
 SUBSCRIBE 
 You have Successfully Subscribed! 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Copyright © 2021 Work In My Pajamas 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 Resources 
 Terms of Use 
 
 We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok 
