Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 EHS Trainer - Nuclear 
 AECOM 
 __Kincardine, ON 
 Apply Now 
 AECOM is a premier, fully integrated professional and technical services firm positioned to design, build, finance and operate infrastructure assets around the world for public- and private-sector clients. With nearly 100,000 employees — including architects, engineers, designers, planners, scientists and management and construction services professionals — serving clients in over 150 countries around the world, AECOM is ranked as the #1 engineering design firm by revenue in Engineering News-Record magazine’s annual industry rankings, and has been recognized by Fortune magazine as a World’s Most Admired Company. The firm is a leader in all of the key markets that it serves, including transportation, facilities, environmental, energy, oil and gas, water, high-rise buildings and government. AECOM provides a blend of global reach, local knowledge, innovation and technical excellence in delivering customized and creative solutions that meet the needs of clients’ projects. A Fortune 500 firm, AECOM companies, including URS Corporation and Hunt Construction Group, have annual revenue of approximately $19 billion. More information on AECOM and its services can be found at www.aecom.com . 
 AECOM is seeking an EHS Trainer to be based at our Kincardine, ON location. An ideal candidate must be local or willing to relocate to the area. 
 ABOUT US 
 The Shoreline Power Group is a Joint Venture of Aecon, AECOM and SNC-Lavalin. Shoreline Power Group will be completing the Fuel Channel and Feeder Replacement (FCFR) project. The joint venture has been awarded a contract by Bruce Power to execute the Unit 6 FCFR at the Bruce Nuclear Generating Station in Kincardine, Ontario. 
 This project is part of Bruce Power’s Life Extension Program, which will allow Bruce Power’s CANDU units to continue to operate safely through to 2064, the project is the centerpiece of the Major Component Replacement (MCR) program to replace the main components of the reactor. Unit 6 is the first of six reactors being replaced by Bruce Power through the MCR program. 
 The scope of work includes the removal and replacement of calandria tubes, pressure tubes, and feeders for Unit 6, as well as construction management and trade labor. Work is scheduled to commence in June 2020, with expected completion in the third quarter of 2022. 
 PURPOSE OF THE POSITION 
 The EHS Trainer & Advisor reports to the Onboarding Manager and is responsible for supporting the development, delivery, evaluation and on-going management of the training programs common to Bruce Power projects. The individual works with project teams to identify training needs, plan, coordinate and deliver the established core training programs as required by the EHS Management System, onboarding and training department, project, client and legislative requirements. 
 ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS AND RESPONSIBILITIES 
 
 
 Responsible for training project employees on a variety of Environmental Health and Safety related programs such as, Work at Heights, Hoisting and Rigging, Confined Space Entry, First Aid, Elevating Work Platform, Forklift Operation, etc. This training will include all relevant tracking and documentation required for each program. 
 
 
 Interface with construction to address training requirements and use a systematic approach (e.g. ADDIE) to analyze, design, develop, implement and evaluate the training. 
 
 
 Provide timely feedback to management and supervisors in regard to employee competency as it relates to the training programs provided. 
 
 
 Participate in training team meetings and training-related projects. 
 
 
 Promote a nuclear safety culture that supports continuous improvement in the EHS management system through active communication, participation and development of skills. 
 
 
 Support project specific conventional safety and environmental management plans and procedures including; inspections, audits, observation and coaching, Worker Trades Committee and JHSC 
 
 
 Support Human Performance program activities and act as an advocate for Human Performance 
 
 
 Liaise with Government agencies and client representatives. 
 
 
 Technical resource for jurisdictional Occupational Health & Safety Acts, Regulations and applicable standards. 
 
 
 EXTENT OF PUBLIC CONTACT 
 
 
 Customers, suppliers, JV Partners 
 
 
 Project Managers, project personnel 
 
 
 Trades personnel 
 
 
 PHYSICAL DEMANDS 
 
 
 Various work locations in both field and office 
 
 
 Walk on tough terrain surfaces 
 
 
 Climbing ladders, ramps or slopes 
 
 
 Ability to drive in all weather conditions 
 
 
 Travel as necessary 
 
 
 Load / unload equipment and materials as required by the training programs or field support 
 
 
 _Conditions of Employment for this position are:  _ 
 1. For positions that fall into the list of required positions within the AECOM Oil & Gas Background Check policy, qualified applicants who are offered, and accept, the role must complete a satisfactory pre-employment Background Check. This may consist of all or a combination of the following: Canadian Criminal Record check, an Employment Verification and/or an Education and Accreditation Verification. 
 Minimum Requirements 
 KNOWLEDGE AND SKILLS 
 
 
 A working knowledge of Provincial OHS Legislation including construction and industrial regulations 
 
 
 Minimum 5 years of experience in Health and Safety and training/facilitating within the construction industry 
 
 
 Minimum 5 years in implementing and monitoring construction health and safety programs 
 
 
 Relevant Post Secondary education or equivalent experience in the Health and Safety field 
 
 
 A team player that accepts and can manage change regularly 
 
 
 Demonstrated leadership abilities with strong interpersonal and communication skills 
 
 
 Demonstrated ability to manage change 
 
 
 Proficient in the use of MS Office to develop, adjust and manage training programs and develop reports or presentations as required. 
 
 
 Demonstrated ability to lead, inspire and positively influence behaviour 
 
 
 Demonstrated experience using adult education practices and principles (e.g. ADDIE, adult learning theory). 
 
 
 Experience in the Nuclear industry and with Human Performance programs considered an asset. 
 
 
 Train the Trainer Qualifications in programs such as Work at Heights, Confined Space Entry. WHMIS, First Aid, etc. 
 
 
 A designation such as NCSO would be considered an asset. 
 
 
 Preferred Qualifications 
 
 
 Due to the nature of work conducted by AECOM, mandated nuclear export controls requirements must be met for employment. 
 
 
 Our background check process includes a full security check and clearance process as well as reference checks. The security clearance process includes a comprehensive list of previous residences, employment, education and other pertinent information. Those with a valid Bruce Power security clearance are strongly preferred. 
 
 
 What We Offer 
 When you join AECOM, you become part of a company that is 
 pioneering the future . Our teams around the world are involved in some of the most cutting-edge and innovative projects and programs of our time, addressing the big challenges of today and shaping the built environment for generations to come. We ensure a workplace that encourages growth, flexibility and creativity, as well as a company culture that champions 
 inclusion, diversity and overall 
 employee well-being through programs supported by company leadership. Our 
 core values define who we are, how we act and what we aspire to, which comes down to not only 
 delivering a better world , but working to “make amazing happen” in each neighborhood, community and city we touch. As an Equal Opportunity Employer, we believe in each person’s potential, and we’ll help you reach yours. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
