Skip to primary content 
 The Traveling Librarian 
 Anything and everything about how to become involved in libraries beyond your doorstep. 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 Book Resources 
 Int'l & Comp Lib Info 
 Sarah P. Gibson 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous   Next -> 
 Job: Archives Assistant 
 Posted on  September 7, 2017  by   sarahgprescott 
 9.6.17 -  Archives Assistant 
International Residual Mechanism for Criminal Tribunals, Arusha, Tanzania 
 Posting Period: 17 August 2017 -  15 September 2017 
Job Opening Number: 17-Documentation and Information -RMT-83573-R-Arusha (R) 
Staffing Exercise N/A 
United Nations Core Values: Integrity, Professionalism, Respect for Diversity 
 Special Notice 
The appointment is limited to the Mechanism. Appointment of the successful candidate on this position will be limited to the initial funding of the post. Extension of the appointment is subject to the extension of the mandate and/or the availability of funds. Appointments of staff members in the United Nations are subject to the authority of the Secretary-General. 
 Org. Setting and Reporting 
This position is located in the Archives and Records Section of the Registry of the Mechanism for International Criminal Tribunals, Arusha Branch. Under the supervision of the Head of MARS Arusha, the incumbent will be responsible for supporting the work of the Archivists in the management of the records and archives management by the Mechanism for International Criminal Tribunals. 
 Responsibilities 
Undertake tasks related to the accessioning, arrangement and description, storage, preservation and conservation, and accessibility of the archives and records managed by MARS Arusha: 
 
 Provide records storage and retrieval services for client offices. 
 Arrange transfers of records from client offices to the Section’s repositories. 
 Process consignments of transferred records, ensuring that they meet required standards and are stored securely, under the direction of the archivists. 
 Maintain records of records transfers. 
 Retrieve/return/update records on request of client offices. 
 Maintain records of retrievals and loans. 
 Assist client offices with complex searches for records. 
 Maintain stocks of specialist recordkeeping supplies and issue them to client offices on request. 
 Implement Records Retention Schedules and other disposition instructions. 
 Maintain the Section’s repositories in good order. 
 Undertake environmental monitoring checks. 
 Monitor use of space. 
 Implement security controls. 
 Maintain logs, registers and other records of repository management activities. 
 
 Support the work of the archivists by assisting in the development and implementation of policies and procedures for the management of the Archives. Assist with preparation and dissemination of finding aids for archives. Assist in the provision of access to archives, and the provision of information and support to researchers. Assist with preparation of presentation and publicity materials. 
 Support the development and implementation of recordkeeping improvement projects. 
 Perform other duties as required. 
 Competencies 
Professionalism: Knowledge of UN records and archives policies, procedures and practices. Commitment to implementing the goal of gender equality by ensuring the equal participation and full involvement of women and men in all aspects of work. Shows pride in work and in achievements; demonstrates professional competence and mastery of subject matter; is conscientious and efficient in meeting commitments, observing deadlines and achieving results; is motivated by professional rather than personal concerns; shows persistence when faced with difficult problems or challenges; remains calm in stressful situations. 
 Teamwork: Works collaboratively with colleagues to achieve organizational goals; solicits input by genuinely valuing others' ideas and expertise; is willing to learn from others; places team agenda before personal agenda; supports and acts in accordance with final group decision, even when such decisions may not entirely reflect own position; shares credit for team accomplishments and accepts joint responsibility for team shortcomings. 
 Communication: Speaks and writes clearly and effectively; listens to others, correctly interprets messages from others and responds appropriately; asks questions to clarify, and exhibits interest in having two way communication; tailors language, tone, style and format to match the audience; demonstrates openness in sharing information and keeping people informed. 
 Planning and Organizing: Develops clear goals that are consistent with agreed strategies; identifies priority activities and assignments; adjusts priorities as required; allocates appropriate amount of time and resources for completing work; foresees risks and allows for contingencies when planning; monitors and adjusts plans and actions as necessary; uses time efficiently. 
 Education 
High school diploma or equivalent. Completion of a training or educational programme in archives and records management or a related field is desirable. 
 Work Experience 
Minimum of six years of progressively responsible experience in archives management, records management, information management or related area is required. Experience in working with records in both physical and digital format is highly desirable. Experience in international organizations or international tribunals or national courts is desirable. 
 Languages 
English and French are the working languages of the Mechanism. For the post advertised, fluency in oral and written English is required. Working knowledge of French is desirable. 
 Assessment 
There may be a technical test followed by a competency based interview. 
 United Nations Considerations 
According to article 101, paragraph 3, of the Charter of the United Nations, the paramount consideration in the employment of the staff is the necessity of securing the highest standards of efficiency, competence, and integrity, including but not limited to, respect for international human rights and humanitarian law. Candidates may be subject to screening against these standards, including but not limited to, whether they have committed or are alleged to have committed criminal offences or violations of international human rights law and international humanitarian law. 
 Due regard will be paid to the importance of recruiting the staff on as wide a geographical basis as possible. The United Nations places no restrictions on the eligibility of men and women to participate in any capacity and under conditions of equality in its principal and subsidiary organs. The United Nations Secretariat is a non-smoking environment. 
 Applicants are urged to follow carefully all instructions available in the online recruitment platform, inspira. For more detailed guidance, applicants may refer to the At-a-Glance on "The Application Process" and the Instructional Manual for the Applicants, which can be accessed by clicking on “Manuals” hyper-link on the upper right side of the inspira account-holder homepage. 
 The screening and evaluation of applicants will be conducted on the basis of the information submitted in the application according to the evaluation criteria of the job opening and the applicable internal legislations of the United Nations including the Charter of the United Nations, resolutions of the General Assembly, the Staff Regulations and Rules, administrative issuances and guidelines. Applicants must provide complete and accurate information pertaining to their personal profile and qualifications, including but not limited to, their education, work experience, and language skills, according to the instructions provided on inspira. Applicants will be disqualified from consideration if they do not demonstrate in their application that they meet the evaluation criteria of the job opening and the applicable internal legislations of the United Nations. Applicants are solely responsible for providing complete and accurate information at the time of application: no amendment, addition, deletion, revision or modification shall be made to applications that have been submitted. Candidates under serious consideration for selection will be subject to a reference-checking process to verify the information provided in the application. 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Twitter 
 Pinterest 
 Tumblr 
 Reddit 
 Email 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  International Jobs  and tagged  Africa ,  International archives ,  International Archivists ,  Tanzania  by  sarahgprescott . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
