Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Senior Manager, Asset Class Performance 
 BC IMC 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 To be considered for this opportunity, please submit your resume and related information by email to Derrick Chow at Boyden Canada (dchow@boyden.com), with “Senior Manager, Asset Class Performance – BCI” in the subject line. Only qualified candidates who match the requirements will be contacted. 
 Please do not submit your application directly to BCI. Applications submitted through this site will not be reviewed. 
 With $171.3 billion of assets under management (AUM), British Columbia Investment Management Corporation (BCI) is one of the largest institutional investors in Canada. Since its inception in 2000, BCI has grown significantly and is now regarded as one of the most influential financial institutions globally with a diverse and global mix of assets. The organization has positioned itself as an active, in-house asset manager with sophisticated strategies operating within an increasingly complex investment environment. Over the past three years, BCI has more than doubled in size with over 550 employees. With the goal to reach $200 billion in AUM over the coming years, BCI is now at an exciting time in its history. 
 As BCI continues to pursue more direct and complex investment opportunities, Investment Performance & Attribution (IPA) plays a crucial role in supporting the overall investment strategy through performance analytics, attribution analysis and portfolio reporting. IPA has been restructured with a greater focus on analytics and attribution in order to provide more robust reporting for BCI’s clients and internal stakeholders. 
 The opportunity now exists for a new Senior Manager, Asset Class Performance to join this growing team. The Senior Manager will lead a small team responsible for independent measurement of investment portfolio performance, attribution analysis and risk adjusted performance analysis and reporting for both public and private asset classes. Success will require close collaboration and partnership with a broad range of stakeholders across the organization, including the investment teams, other members of the IPA team and the Finance and Accounting teams. 
 The ideal candidate will bring a track record of success in a performance attribution and reporting role with a similar investment or asset management organization or in a consulting or custodian environment. Experience working in both public and private markets would be ideal. Strong relationship building and communication skills will be required as well as project management, analytical and technical skills. The Senior Manager will be expected to lead the development of new performance reports, dashboards or analysis and must be comfortable working in a high growth environment that is rapidly changing. 
 Based in Victoria, BC, this is a unique opportunity to help build a new function and shape the evolution of performance evaluation and management of a global investment organization. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
