Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Management Trainee 
 Enterprise Holdings 
 __Etobicoke, ON 
 Apply Now 
 If you’re looking to start your career with a company that grows their managers and leaders from within the organization, then the Enterprise Management Training Program is for you. Whether you see yourself in sales, business development, customer service or operations, this program will prepare you to create your ideal career. As a Management Trainee, you can count on a defined career trajectory with a clear beginning and an open end — meaning you can take your training and shape your future. And with our promote-from-within philosophy, you will have plenty of opportunities to advance without ever having to change companies. 
 This role is located at one of our Etobicoke locations. 
 This position offers targeted annual compensation of $48,000. 
 As you are considering a position with Enterprise Holdings, we invite you to learn more about our business. Today – and every day – the safety and wellbeing of employees, customers and the communities we serve is our top priority. For the latest on our COVID-19 response, please click here. 
 Responsibilities: 
As a Management Trainee, you’ll start learning our business from day one while based out of one of our neighborhood branches. You will be entrusted to serve as both the face of Enterprise to customers and partners and the behind-the-scenes operational expert. In our structured program, you will master the knowledge and skills you need to eventually run your own branch, cultivate new business and develop your team. 
 In our hands-on learning environment, you will receive the guidance, mentoring, and support you need to be successful. You will also get out into the community and establish the relationships essential to building your own business. 
 We’ll teach you how to excel at customer service, sales and marketing, finance, and operations. And you’ll learn what it means to always put our customers first. Ours is a culture of friendly competition, which is critical to growing our business — and your success. 
 Qualifications: 
Must be at least 18 years of age. 
Must have a Bachelor’s Degree. 
Must have a current and valid G or G2 driver's license with no more than 2 moving violations in the past 3 years. 
No drug or alcohol related convictions on driving record (DWI/DUI) in past 5 years. 
Must be authorized to work in Canada and not require work authorization sponsorship by our company for this position now or in the future. 
Must have a minimum of six months experience in sales, customer service, management or leadership. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
