Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Personal Support Worker (PSW) - Seniors Living Residence 
 SE Health 
 __Milton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Personal Support Worker (PSW) - Martin House - Milton, ON 
 Casual Employment (Up to Part-Time Hours!) 
 A $500 sign-on bonus is available! 
 SE Health (Saint Elizabeth Health Care) is a social enterprise applying our knowledge, vision and drive to forever impact how people live and age at home, today and into the future. As a not-for-profit organization with Canadian roots and 110 years of expertise, we bring quality excellence and innovation to home care, seniors lifestyle and family care giving. Through our team of 9,000 Leaders of Impact, we deliver 20,000 care exchanges daily, totaling 50 million in the last decade alone. 
 As a Personal Support Worker (PSW), you will assist clients in the activities of personal care, household management and generalized services as per the client care plan and in conjunction with Saint Elizabeth Health Care’s policies and procedures. 
 Here are many reasons why you will want to bring your talent to our team: 
 As a Personal Support Worker (PSW), you will be part of a distinguished Canadian, not-for-profit organization with a century of experience. 
 As a Personal Support Worker (PSW), you will experience opportunities to use many of your skills and expand your knowledge. 
 Ongoing opportunities for continuing education, training and professional development. 
 Extensive paid orientation and preceptorship program. 
 Travel allowance between scheduled clients. 
 REQUIREMENTS: 
Current PSW Certificate. 
 A valid driver’s license and access to a vehicle. 
 Access to a computer. 
 Available to work both evenings and weekends 
 Available to work in Milton. 
 Motivated and dependable. 
 Ability to work independently as well as part of a team. 
 Effective problem-solving and conflict management skills. 
 Ability to provide a current CPR certificate and Criminal/Vulnerable persons check. 
 This is a physically demanding position and requires hand, arm and shoulder dexterity, sensory ability, lifting to a maximum of approximately fifty-five (55) pounds, walking, climbing stairs, standing, bending, reaching, and frequent movement. 
 Minimum every other weekend is required and access to a vehicle as well as a valid drivers license is required. 
 Saint Elizabeth is committed to the success of all its employees. If you feel you need accommodations because of illness or disability, please do not hesitate to contact Human Resources at hresources@saintelizabeth.com at your earliest convenience. You will also be briefed on the Company’s policies, including its policies regarding human rights, accommodation and the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (“AODA”) during your orientation process. 
 Please apply online AmeliaSavoie@sehc.com 
 INDMED 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
