  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Cambridge, England 
 Rate:  Up to £25 per hour + £150 Sign-Up Bonus, FREE DBS, Training 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Mental Health Practitioner 
 Are you an RMN/RNLD/OT/QSW looking for a new opportunity? Do you have a passion for having a positive impact on the lives of others? Do you have previous experience working with vulnerable Adults? 
 Service Care Solutions are recruiting for a Community Mental Health Practitioner to join a community-based service in the Cambridge area. 
 This is a temporary, full-time contract for a minimum period of 12 weeks with the likelihood of extension. 
 Due to the current pandemic, this role may allow some Remote Working with the successful candidate expected to complete Telephone Assessments, and Face to Face in urgent cases. 
 This is a full-time placement with the general hours of work being Monday to Friday, 09:00-17:00. 
 However, part-time application will be considered. 
 Job Purpose: Community Mental Health Practitioner 
 Band 6 - £25.00 Umbrella LTD p/h + £150 WELCOME BONUS 
 Location: Cambridge 
 The local mental health services provide a range of support options to service users of all ages with severe and enduring mental health problems who have complex needs and present significant levels of risk to themselves or others. 
 The service looking for staff is for service users with long-term mental health needs that would be best met by secondary mental health services. 
 This includes people with mental health problems like schizophrenia, bipolar disorder and severe depression and anxiety. 
 Essential: 
 , The applicant must be a RMN/RNLD/OT/QSW who is currently registered with the NMC/HCPC/SWE. 
, The applicant must hold a full valid driving license and a car is essential to use as part of the job role. 
, The applicant must be willing to complete the full NHS registration process if not currently registered with Service Care Solutions. 
 The benefits of Service Care Solutions: 
- Four weekly payroll runs 
- £250 training allowance 
- Excellent pay rates 
- Exceptional referral bonuses 
- Specialists mental health consultants offering single point of contact 
- Frequent notifications for upcoming opportunities via text and email 
- Ltd & PAYE payment options available 
- Nationwide provider of mental health staff to over 40 different NHS trusts offering mental health services and over 200 local authorities. 
 - DBS disclosures provided via fast track online services free of charge. 
 Are you happy with your current agency? At SCS, we believe in rewarding your loyalty and hard-work! 
 , £150 Agency Switch Bonus - If you're unhappy with your current agency or simply fancy a change, Service Care Solutions will give you £150 for bringing your current contract to us. 
 , £150 Welcome Bonus - We are offering a Welcome Bonus of £150, paid after completion of two weeks in your new placement. 
 , £250 Referral Bonus - Simply refer your friend. 
 If they get the role, we'll give you £250. 
 That's £1000 if you refer 4 friends - easy money whilst helping out your friends and family! 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  3 Months + 
 
 
 Rate:  Up to £25 per hour + £150 Sign-Up Bonus, FREE DBS, Training 
 
 
 Location:  Cambridge, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Medical 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208963 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-22 16:57:22 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Team Manager 
 SEND Caseworker 
 Labourer 
 Young People’s Homelessness Worker 
 Cook 
 Intelligence Analyst 
 Cleaner 
 Healthcare Assistant 
 Care Assistant 
 Service Desk Manager  
 Forensic Mental Health Support Worker 
 Mental Health Practitioner 
 Forensic Mental Health Support Worker 
 Contracts Manager 
 Registered General Nurse 
 Multi Trade  
 Property Surveyor  
 Leaving Care Personal Advisor  
 Mental Health Nurse 
 Police Staff Investigator (PIP Level 2) 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
