  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
  Sales & Marketing jobs  
 
 Evaluating bids 
 Customer Care- Sales for Luxury Tour Operator 
 Published on the May 17, 2018 in Sales & Marketing 
 
 Project 
 Project Insights New 
 
 About this project 
 sales-marketing / others 
 USD 1,000 - 3,000 
 Luxury Travel Company Now Hiring: Travel Expert (Sales) 
 This position is for a  luxury tour operator with an office in Buenos Aires (Retiro) that offers high-end, tailor-made journeys throughout Latin America and the Mediterranean to a mainly North American clientele. 
We are seeking a native level English speaker currently living in Buenos Aires for the long term to join our sales team of travel experts. Go to  www.blueparallel.com  for more information. 
 job description: travel expert -- as part of the sales team, this position provides personalized travel assistance to very discerning international clients. This job requires diligence, high attention to detail, skilled time management, the ability to multitask and excel while working with a team in a fast paced environment. This is an entry to mid level position and visa sponsorship is provided. 
 job duties: 
 • customize, design, and sell private, luxury journeys. 
• Present and orient the product to prospective clients and compile itineraries based on their profile and preferences. You will also manage their itinerary after booking the trip. 
• Provide customer service to VIP travelers prior to, during, and after their trip (we operate in 20 countries in Latin America & the Mediterranean region). This requires being on-call 24/7 while clients are traveling. 
• Live presentations made to travel agents on the destinations and why they deserve their clients' attention. 
• Travel to the destinations of the company on fact-finding assignments to ascertain the best experiences, guides, hotels, and arrangements. Present findings upon return to the office to advance the product of the company. 
 • Participate in business development initiatives and assist with miscellaneous administrative tasks. 
 REQUIRED SKILLS & QUALIFICATIONS: 
 • College undergraduate degree (Bachelor of Arts or higher) 
• Native level English speaker 
• At least 1 year of previous office experience (preferably in sales or customer service) 
• Excellent writing and communication skills (plus for creative writing skills and copy writing experience) 
• Highly organized, dynamic, team-player with the ability to multi-task and learn fast 
• Currently living in Buenos Aires with plans to stay long term 
• Fully proficient in Microsoft Office Suite (Excel, PowerPoint, Word), Gmail, and Google Drive 
 PREFERRED SKILLS & QUALIFICATIONS: 
 • Travel experience in Latin America and the Mediterranean 
• Intermediate level of Spanish and/or other languages such as Portuguese or French 
• Professional phone call experience 
 Category  Sales & Marketing 
Subcategory  Other 
Project size  Large 
Is this a project or a position?  Project 
Required availability  As needed 
 Deadline: Not specified 
 Skills needed 
 Facebook   Internet Marketing   Marketing 
 Want to start working on this project? 
 Log into  your Workana account or  Register  today. Boost your freelance work! 
 Are you looking for a freelancer to do a similar project? 
 Create your project and get bids from the best freelancers. 
 Publish your own project   Send your proposal now 
   
  M. M.  
 1 
 Published projects 
 0 
 Projects paid 
 Member since: May 2018 
 Project activity 
 0 
 Bids 
 0 
 Interested freelancers 
  __Previous project  
  __Next project  
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
