Work With Craft 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 Professionals 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Our Plans 
 
 
 __  Post Job 
 
 
 __  Sign Up 
 
 
 __  Log In 
 
 
 __Menu 
 Full Stack Web Developer LOCALPERMANENT 
 Job Description 
 As a Full Stack Web Developer you will have an opportunity to develop interactive web pages, assist in the build out of Toast’s new Blog, work on an e-commerce platform, manage and optimize our dev stack and production pipelines, build SPA’s, and develop Craft CMS plugins. The idea candidate will have experience building interactive web pages, have experience developing websites on a PHP-based CMS, have experience in AWS and managing a dev ops stack, and have experience working with other teams within marketing to deliver on cross-team marketing goals. 
 While it is critically important to understand the “how” as a front-end developer on the marketing web team, it is equally important to understand the “why” behind the projects you will be working on. You’re a perfect fit for this role if you are a detail-oriented problem solver, who can work and contribute to the marketing team not only as a developer, but as a resource to help provide feedback and insights into how we can help deliver on company wide goals. 
 What you will do: 
 
 Back end coding (Twig and PHP) to build integrations between Craft CMS (primarily) and other business systems. 
 Manage our dev ops stack, optimize content delivery, and manage site performance. 
 Responsive front-end coding in HTML 5, CSS 3, Javascript, Vue.js, React.js 
 Communicating with other web developers to collaborate effectively 
 Collaborating with marketing team members to clarify requirements and obtain feedback 
 
 Do you have the right ingredients? 
 
 PHP – Ability to produce clean, object-oriented code, include files, grab get/post variables and manipulate form data. 
 CMS Experience – having integrated website designs with a CMS on at least 5 previous projects 
 HTML5 & CSS3 – Some experience coding designs and layouts to a high standard, using media queries, and building robust layouts that work across devices and all major browsers 
 Javascript – the ability to write custom Javascript functions, event handlers, and AJAX requests 
 Ability to communicate clearly and professionally 
 Understanding of AWS infrastructure and managing high availability server deployments. 
 Strong understanding of web application security principles and best practices 
 Strong knowledge of git, and an understanding of code repository best practices 
 Ability to accurately estimate the time required for a project and keep to timelines 
 
 How to Apply 
 Apply on our careers page  here  ! 
 Contact Info 
 
 __ 
 
 Company:  Toast 
 
 __ 
 
 Location:  Boston, MA 
 
 __ 
 
 Phone Number:   9788863785 
 
 __ 
 
 Email Address: 
 
 __ 
 
 Website:   https://pos.toasttab.com 
 __  Posted October 9, 2019 
 Follow Us 
 
 __ 
 __ 
 
 Work With Craft (C) 2021. All Rights Reserved. 
