Skip to content 
 
 Mike W. Lyles 
 International Speaker, Writer, Leader, and IT Professional 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 About Mike 
 Mike's Speaking & Media 
 Mike's Testapedia 
 iFacts 
 
   
 12 Rules of Success from Steve Jobs 
 Anyone that knows me understands that I have quoted Steve Jobs many times in my leadership coaching, mentoring, speaking, and training. I was fortunate to find an article which listed 12 rules of success that he had claimed years ago. I wanted to share these 12 rules with my readers and followers…. 
 
 Rule #01:  Do what you love to do. Find your true passion. Make a difference. The only way to do great work is to love what you do. 
 Rule #02:  Be different. Think different. Better to be a pirate than to join the navy. 
 Rule #03:  Do your best at every job. Don’t sleep! Success generates more success so be hungry for it. Hire good people with a passion for excellence. 
 Rule #04:  Perform SWOT analysis. As soon as you join/start a company, make a list of strengths and weaknesses of yourself and your company on a piece of paper. Don’t hesitate to throw bad apples out of the company. 
 Rule #05:  Be entrepreneurial. Look for the next big thing. Find a set of ideas that need to be acted upon quickly and decisively and jump through that window. Sometimes the first step is the hardest one. Just take it. Have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. 
 Rule #06:  Start small, think big. Don’t worry about too many things at once. Take a handful of simple things to begin with, and then progress to more complex ones. Think about not just tomorrow, but the future. Put a ding in the universe. 
 Rule #07:  Strive to become a market leader. Own and control the primary technology in everything you do. If there’s a better technology available, use it regardless of whether or not anyone else is using it. Be the first, and make it an industry standard. 
 Rule #08:  People judge you by your performance, so focus on the outcome. Be a yardstick of quality. Some people aren’t used to an environment where excellence is expected. Advertise. If they don’t know about it, they won’t buy your product. Pay attention to design. We made the buttons on the screen look so good you’ll want to lick them. Design is not just what it looks like and feels like. Design is how it works. 
 Rule #09:  Ask for feedback from people with diverse backgrounds. Each one will tell you one useful thing. If you’re at the top of the chain, sometimes people won’t give you honest feedback because they’re afraid. In this case, disguise yourself, or get feedback from other sources. Focus on those who will use your product – listen to your customers first. 
 Rule #10:  Innovate. Innovation distinguishes a leader from a follower. Delegate. Let other top executives do 50% of your routine work to be able to spend 50% your time on the new stuff. Say no to 1,000 things to make sure you don’t get on the wrong track or try to do too much. Concentrate on really important creations and radical innovation. Hire people who want to make the best things in the world. You need a very product-oriented culture, even in a technology company. Lots of companies have tons of great engineers and smart people. But ultimately, there needs to be some gravitational force that pulls it all together. 
 Rule #11:  Learn from failures. Sometimes when you innovate, you make mistakes. It is best to admit them quickly, and get on with improving your other innovations. 
 Rule #12:  Learn continually. There’s always “one more thing” to learn. 
Cross-pollinate ideas with others both within and outside your company. Learn from customers, competitors and partners. If you partner with someone whom you don’t like, learn to like them – praise them and benefit from them. Learn to criticize your enemies openly, but honestly. 
 I hope you enjoy these, and I hope also that you are already following some of these rules in your life. I wish you all much success and that you reach all of your goals! 
 Source of information:  http://www.businessbrief.com/apple-ceo-steve-jobs-12-rules-of-success/ 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Author: Mike Lyles 
 I am an International Speaker, writer, author, blogger, and Director of QA & Project Management with over 25 years of experience. I have always had an intense passion to mentor, coach, and guide others to grow professionally. It is fulfilling to witness the look on people’s faces when you are able to share with them something that is enlightening. I want to be remembered for the way I made others feel when they were around me! I can be followed at the following additional social networks – Please feel free to add me! Connections are our best way to help others! Twitter: @mikelyles ……. follow me and I’ll follow you! Facebook: www.facebook.com/mikelyles ……. send a friend request! LinkedIn: www.linkedin.com/in/mikewlyles ……. send a connection request! Learn more about me at: http://about.me/mikelyles   View all posts by Mike Lyles  
 Author   Mike Lyles Posted on  August 22, 2015 Categories  Leadership & Management ,  Self-help Tags  apple ,  be different ,  company ,  concentrate ,  courage ,  culture ,  design ,  diversity ,  entrepreneurial ,  entrepreneurs ,  environment ,  excellence ,  failure ,  feedback ,  goals ,  great work ,  heart ,  honesty ,  industry ,  industry standard ,  innovate ,  innovation ,  intuitiion ,  jobs ,  judge ,  leaders ,  learn ,  love ,  love what you do ,  make a difference ,  market leader ,  navy ,  one more thing ,  partners ,  passion ,  pay attention ,  pirate ,  praise ,  quality ,  rules ,  sleep ,  steve jobs ,  strengths ,  success ,  team ,  technology ,  think ,  think different ,  weaknesses ,  yardstick 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Previous post: The Best STPCon Ever Is Coming! 
 Next Next post: Jumping back on the horse 
 Website Visits 
 
 46,658 ...and counting! 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 172 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Social Media Links 
 
 View MikeLylesBusiness's profile on Facebook 
 View mikelyles's profile on Twitter 
 View MikeLyles's profile on Instagram 
 View mikelyles's profile on Pinterest 
 View mikewlyles's profile on LinkedIn 
 View mikewlyles's profile on YouTube 
 View +MikeLylesOfficial's profile on Google+ 
 
 Categories 
 
 Current Events 
 Leadership & Management 
 Miscellaneous 
 Quality Assurance & Testing 
 Self-help 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 March 2020 
 
 
 March 2018 
 
 
 December 2017 
 
 
 July 2017 
 
 
 December 2016 
 
 
 September 2016 
 
 
 May 2016 
 
 
 March 2016 
 
 
 February 2016 
 
 
 January 2016 
 
 
 September 2015 
 
 
 August 2015 
 
 
 January 2015 
 
 
 December 2014 
 
 
 July 2014 
 
 
 May 2014 
 
 
 March 2014 
 
 
 February 2014 
 
 
 January 2014 
 
 
 December 2013 
 
 
 November 2013 
 
 
 September 2013 
 
 
 July 2013 
 
 
 April 2013 
 
 
 March 2013 
 
 
 February 2013 
 
 
 January 2013 
 
 
 December 2012 
 
 
 October 2012 
 
 
 July 2012 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 About Mike 
 
 
 Mike's Speaking & Media 
 
 
 Mike's Testapedia 
 
 
 iFacts 
 
 
 Mike W. Lyles   A WordPress.com Website . 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
