
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Sweet Baby Jason! it's a Full-time job 
 If we were bragging we'd say, “Come join a growing and hungry agency with national clients and sunshine" but bragging isn't our thing, so we'll just say, “Spark in Tampa, FL, USA is hiring a Creative Director (AD)." 
 About 
 
 Three words to describe this job are  ideas, execution, leadership 
 Our motto is  All In, All Together, Always Forward 
 This is a great opportunity because  you'll lead teams and clients to great marketing and advertising solutions. 
 The ideal personality for this role is  collaborative, driven and humble 
 You need to be well-equipped to handle  multi-disciplinary teams, inspiring great work, client collaboration 
 You 'd be working on  VISIT FLORIDA, Dave & Busters and PetSmart Charities among other advertising/marketing client efforts. 
 The best way to describe our culture is  greatness doesn't happen alone. 
 You 'll love our office because  everyone is driven to do great work, but we have no tolerance for egos. 
 The best part about living here is  you live where others vacation. 
 You 'll definitely hate this job if  you don't have a desire to push our clients to say "yes" to more new ideas and work within a team atmosphere to make the impossible happen. 
 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
   
   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7363-spark-creative-director-ad  
 On-site required? 
 No 
 Experience 
 6-9 years 
 Skills 
 Art Direction, Conceptual, Design, Experiential, Management of Teams 1-10, Social, Studio 
 Date Posted 
 November 9, 2020 (Originally posted August 25, 2020) 
 Managed By 
 elliott bedinghaus 
 Perks 
 
 Retirement Plan 
 Great benefits 
 Maternity / Paternity 
 Near beach 
 No assholes 
 Work from home 
 
 Fine Print 
 We'd ideally like a candidate who is based in Tampa, but we are open to doing remote-working if any candidates would prefer to stay in their current market. We have clients across the country and a second office in San Diego. This role will primarily be working with the Tampa team, but we are open to creating accommodations for working offsite with the team. 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
