WORK WITH INDIES beta 
 Browse Jobs 
 Art & Animation 
 Audio 
 Business & Operations 
 Design 
 Marketing & Community 
 Production 
 Programming 
 QA & CS 
 Writing 
 Post a Job 
 Back to all jobs See allBusiness & Operationsjobs 
 Publishing & Sales Manager 
 Thunderful Apply for this Job 
 Posted 
 December 7, 2020 
 Full Time 
 Gothenburg, SE 
 Remote 
 We are looking for a Publishing and Sales Manager. Is that you? 
 ‍ 
 Come work with us at Thunderful Publishing! Right now, we are looking for a Publishing and Sales Manager to join our team. 
 Soon Victor is on parental leave so now we are looking for someone to help us between January 2020 and September 2020. 
 ‍ 
 The job 
 As a Publishing and Sales Manager, your job is to track and analyze sales, plan promotions and help out with various publishing work regarding various titles. One of your main tasks will be sales reports and prognoses. We're currently a small and steady team of 11 people working in growing Thunderful Group. A normal day at Thunderful Publishing contains meetings with developers, contact with various platform holders, ratings companies, translators and testers, coordination meetings with marketing, looking at game pitches and gathering sales data. 
 ‍ 
 Requirements 
 
 Financial education 
 Excel 
 Experience in sales reports 
 Know how to collect data and how to analyze it 
 Speak and write English fluently 
 
 ‍ 
 Our bonus points 
 
 Nice people 
 Collective agreement 
 Flex hours 
 Free coffee 
 Free Thunderful Games 
 
 ‍ 
 We are Thunderful 
 Games:  Thunderful is a creative development studio where quality is the most important parameter. We make polished gems. We focus on contained, single-player products in the triple-I to double-A range. In terms of customer satisfaction, we aim to be a world leader in this segment. 
 People:  Each Thunderful individual makes a difference. We share a passion for playing and making great games. Our job is per definition an art form, as creating gems takes hard work and a desire to succeed. Each project can be a tough, hard road, but also inspiring and rewarding. A mindset of passion and brilliance deserves and fosters success. We want all co-workers to share this passion and will to achieve greatness. 
 ‍ 
 Additional Info 
 This is a full-time position in our Gothenburg - office and it is a temporary employment for 9 months. We have collective agreement - Tekniktjänsteavtalet 
 How to apply:  Send us your application with a cover letter and resume to  jobs@thunderfulgames.com  Do it now and tag the mail: “Publishing and Sales Manager” 
 Last day for this:  2020-12-13 
 Apply for this Job 
 related jobs 
 Exploding Kittens is hiring a VP, Digital Gamingto join their team into work fromLos AngelesVP, Digital GamingExploding Kittens | Los AngelesLearn More 
 Humble Bundle is hiring a Associate Business Developerto join their team into work fromAnywhereAssociate Business DeveloperHumble Bundle | AnywhereLearn More 
 Thunderful is hiring a Publishing & Sales Managerto join their team into work fromGothenburg, SEPublishing & Sales ManagerThunderful | Gothenburg, SELearn More 
 Cloudhead Games is hiring a General Managerto join their team into work fromAnywhereGeneral ManagerCloudhead Games | AnywhereLearn More 
 Trailmix Games is hiring a Game Data Scientistto join their team into work fromLondon, UKGame Data ScientistTrailmix Games | London, UKLearn More 
 Trail is hiring a Developer Evangelistto join their team into work fromStockholm, SEDeveloper EvangelistTrail | Stockholm, SELearn More 
 Indie games are wonderful. So are the people that make them. 
 Make wonderful games. Be wonderful people. Work With Indies. 
 Thank you for joining the Work With Indies newsletter! The next issue will arrive on Sunday. 
 Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again. 
 *Sign up to receive a weekly digest of new indie career opportunities. 
 WORK WITH INDIES 
 We’ve been lucky to have some incredible jobs working at and partnering with some of the biggest brands in video games. 
 But we’ve never had more fun and been more fulfilled than when we were working with indie game developers. 
 Everyone in games should have that much fun. 
 Our hope is that Work With Indies will connect job seekers with the most rewarding, most inspirational, and most fun jobs they've ever had. 
 NAVIGATION 
 
 Post a Job 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 RSS 
 Communities 
 Nick's Cat 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 
 nathan@workwithindies.com 
 twitter.com/workwithindies 
 facebook.com/workwithindies 
 
 ^ 
 Made by 
 @natethenate 
 and 
 @nsuttner 
 for people who 
 indie games. 
 © 2021  A Lot of Happy LLC 
