X 
 Looking for onsite injury prevention and management for your workforce? 
 Leave us your email and we will get in touch with you as soon as we can! 
 Email 
 Thank you! Your submission has been received! 
 Oops! Something went wrong while submitting the form. 
 Share: 
  
  
  
 
 Mon-Fri | 8:00A-6:00P EST 
Business Service hours 
 Contact Form 
Get in touch with us 
 (888) 968-2980 
Give us a call today 
 Home About 
 Services 
 Telehealth Injury Prevention Ergonomics Wellness Management Injury Management 
 
 careers contact us Blog Live-Fit 
 Blog 
 Carrying Up Stairs & Keeping Your Workers Safe on the Job 
 By 
 Kimber DiVincenzo 
 December 13, 2018 
 September 30, 2020 
 Published 
  
 Ergonomics 
 Moving and courier companies must traverse stairways of all shapes and sizes on a daily basis to service customers. However, moving materials up and down stairs can present tremendous risks for employees and businesses. One study found the direct and indirect costs of non-fatal stair injuries total about  $92 billion  annually. Falls on stairs can result in severe injuries from head trauma to broken bones. Moving and courier companies are at greater risks of these types of injuries due to the frequency in which they must use stairways to complete job duties. However, with some easy to implement tips, workers can  lower their risks of injury . Also, businesses can  lower the impact of workers compensation  costs on the bottom line. 
 Quick Tips for Safe Stairway Moving 
 Here are a few quick tips to help moving and courier companies keep their employees safe when it comes to stairs. By just taking the time to remove hazards, use proper equipment and  maintain proper body posture , workers can navigate stairs safely with ease. 
 Assess the path 
 Before moving any objects up a stairway, it is crucial to assess the path towards the intended destination. Heavy objects and stairs are not the closest of friends. It is a best practice to assess the path being taken and to remove any hazards that could cause an accident to occur. This is even more important if a mover is using equipment such as a hand truck, as the worker will be walking backwards up the stairs with an obscured rear view. This is one of the easiest ways to lower the chance of injury when delivering or movings goods up stairs and takes little time at all. 
 Use proper equipment 
 The "Stair Climber" 
 When moving heavy objects up or down stairs, workers need to ensure they are using the proper equipment for the job. A traditional or stair climbing hand truck should be used to assist workers in getting the items up and down stairs safely. Stair climbing hand trucks are an upgrade over the traditional two-wheel hand trucks. Stair climbing hand trucks or 'stair walkers' have three small wheels on each side which help individuals easily take heavier loads up and down stairs while lowering risk of injury. There are also motorized stair walkers hitting the market making it even easier for moving and courier companies to navigate stairways safely. 
 Whatever equipment is being used  it is always a best practice to ensure the worker walks backward when going up and walks forward when going down.  This is key! 
 Use both hands 
 When moving lighter loads up stairs where no hand truck or stair walker is needed, it is crucial to keep both  hands  on what you are moving to avoid injury. Using both hands allows the weight of items to be more balanced, lessening the chance of strains and sprains which can result from imbalanced moving. No texting or checking your Instagram in one hand and box in another– this can only end badly. One small mistake can lead to falls, slips, or trips resulting in severe or even fatal consequences. 
 Watch your back 
 Walking with objects up stairs can make the body contort in ways that can be unnatural. To avoid injury, workers should actively focus on keeping their back straight and both hands placed firmly on the object being carried. With hands balancing the load and a straight back, the risk of strains and sprains is lowered tremendously. With back injuries being a leading cause of worker injuries and also one of the most severe from a financial standpoint, good hand placement and moving posture is critical to keeping workers healthy and on the job. 
 Summing Up 
 Stairways present major risks for the moving and courier industries. Smart and safe moving practices can help significantly lower the risks of injury for employees. Falls on stairs are never good, but with these quick tips workers all across the country can ensure they leave the stairway the way they came in, healthy and happy. 
 Does your company deal with work that forces you to maneuver objects up and down staircases? The ergonomic, sports medicine and health/wellness experts at  Work-Fit  develop tailor-made programs to suit your company’s needs when it comes to injury prevention.  Contact us today  to learn how we help your company generate savings by increasing employee productivity, growing healthcare savings and increasing OSHA and other compliance rates. 
 Share 
 Kimber DiVincenzo 
 Kimber has been with Work-Fit for over 14 years and has dedicated her professional career to helping others. 
 Director of Operations 
   
 Categories 
 Infographics 
 Injury Prevention 
 Ergonomics 
 recent posts 
 How the Packaging Industry Is Changing During COVID 
 What Returning Cruise Ship Workers Need to Keep in Mind in a COVID World 
 Telehealth: What You Need to Know 
 Common Carpentry In juries and How to Prevent Them 
 How To Stay Safe While Landscaping 
 See More 
 Why Leadership Programs Are Essential For Workplace Wellness 
 Best Postures For Standing, Sitting, And Lying Down 
 5 Ways to Prevent Slips, Trips, & Falls in the Workplace 
 Protecting Your Eyes At Work 
 Employee Altercations and How to Stop Them Early 
 How Employee Wellness Programs Save Your Company Money 
 Implementing Effective Workplace Wellness Initiatives 
 Understanding and Applying OSHA’s Voluntary Protection Programs 
 Overuse Injuries: Causes, Prevention, and Rehabilitation 
 Keeping You Working with Light Duty  
 Preventing Injuries and Keeping the General Motors Team Fit 
 The Unseen Hazards of “Low-Hazard” Industries 
 How to Prevent & Rehab Common Sprains & Strains 
 Addressing Hand-Arm Vibration Syndrome (HAVS) in the Workplace 
 Finding The Best Work Gloves For Safety 
 How Effective Breaks at Work Increase Productivity 
 Ladder Safety For Your Employees 
 Forklifts Are More Dangerous Than You Think 
 The Most Important Safety Tips For Working On a Full-Fledged Construction Site 
 Staying Awake on the Job: Rest, Recovery, and Your Sleep Habits 
 Tips for the Aging Workforce 
 Workplace Warm-ups for Physically Demanding Jobs 
 5 Cost-Effective Back Injury Prevention Best Practices 
 5 Mindful Tips and Motivational Tools for Your Quarantined Workforce 
 Keeping Your Bartender Healthy & Injury-Free 
 Sports Medicine Techniques Promote Safety for Rail-Track Workers 
 How Sports Medicine Techniques Can Improve Plumbing Health and Safety 
 The Little Known Dangers That Put Concrete Workers at Risk 
 The Possible Injury Related Dangers for Fishing Workers 
 Think Twice Before Taking NSAIDs 
 Bus Driver Safety 
 Injury-Free Hotel Housekeeping 
 3 Public Sector Occupations That Benefit from Injury Prevention and Care 
 Proper Snow Removal Techniques 
 5 Sports Medicine Techniques for Healthcare Workplace Safety 
 Don't Let Minor Injuries Go Unnoticed In the Workplace 
 Safety in the Oil and Gas Industry 
 Work Zone Safety Practices to Protect Utility Workers 
 Preventing Injuries in the Food Preparation Industry 
 How Rehabilitation Can Help Brain Injured Veterans Return to the Workforce 
 Three Costly Risks of Ignoring OSHA Regulations 
 Yes, Drill Sergeant! Common Boot Camp Injuries and How to Prevent Them 
 3 Reasons Why Return to Work Programs are Critical for Operational Performance 
 How a CCTV Safety Program Will Make Your Company Safer 
 3 Important Reasons for Early Injury Reporting 
 Our Hospital Heroes Need Help! - Ergonomic Improvements That Keep Nurses Saving Lives 
 Stopping Health Care Workers from Becoming Patients: 3 Ergonomic Injury Risk Prevention Strategies 
 Three Strategies for Proactive Prevention of Workplace Injuries 
 The Costs of Ignoring Injury Prevention in the Workplace 
 On Repeat: Workplace Solutions for Repetitive Motions 
 5 Keys to Ensure Employee Safety When Storing Hazardous Materials 
 5 Signs Your Company Needs an Ergonomics Evaluation 
 Is a Job Rotation Program a Fit for Your Organization 
 Four Ways to Address Ergonomic Injury Prevention in the Workplace 
 Taking Out the Trash - 3 Ways to Keep Waste Management Workers Healthy 
 3 Big Ways to Stay Comfortable While Flying the Friendly Skies 
 5 Ergonomic Best Practices for Emergency First Responders 
 5 Common Safety Hazards Present in Warehouse Operations 
 Musculoskeletal Conditions Slowing Down the Trade Industry 
 5 Tips for Establishing a Workplace Safety Committee 
 Planting the Seeds of Safety in the Agriculture Industry 
 Heat or Ice? Settling the Debate When It Comes to Workplace Injuries 
 10 Ways to Stop Workplace Injuries Related to Pushing & Pulling  
 Practicing Progressive Muscle Relaxation For Stress Relief 
 Carrying Up Stairs & Keeping Your Workers Safe on the Job 
 Vehicle Loading and Unloading: Keeping Your Workers Safe 
 Injury Prevention Within the Logging Industry 
 How Reach Zones Help Manufacturing Employees Lead Safer Lives 
 Safety Tips For Roofers 
 Proper Workstation Lighting Ergonomics In The Office 
 Proper Lifting Technique To Teach Your Employees 
 Back Support Tips for Truck Drivers 
 Helpful or Harmful: Caffeine and Headaches INFOGRAPHIC 
 Truck Driving Ergonomics 101 
 Unseen Benefits of Ergonomic Footrests At Your Desk 
 Practice Ladder Safety INFOGRAPHIC 
 How to Stay Hydrated INFOGRAPHIC 
 Fire Safety INFOGRAPHIC 
 Desk Ergonomics 101 
 5 Senses to Help Manage Stress INFOGRAPHIC 
 Sitting Disease & How to Avoid It 
 Workplace Stress Management Techniques 
 Eye Fatigue: Management & Prevention 
 Health & Wellness Management for Office Workers 
 How to Sit Properly At Your Desk 
 How Wellbeing in the Workplace Improves Brand Health 
 How to Boost Employee Morale and Motivation (Without Raising Salary) 
 5 Ways to Use Feedback to Boost Morale at Work 
 5 Studies That Prove the Benefits of Ergonomics 
 How an Accident at Work Hurts More Than the Employee 
 Work-Related Injuries That Your Company Can Prevent 
 5 Work Culture Strategies to Improve Employee Health 
 How to Reduce Your Lost Time Injury Rates 
 How Can My Company Reduce Workers' Comp Expenses? 
 How to Improve Employee Wellness in Nursing Homes 
 More Posts In 
 Ergonomics 
 [ 
 How the Packaging Industry Is Changing During COVID 
 Learn how COVID-19 has affected the packaging industry as a whole, and how employees in this industry can reduce their vulnerability to COVID. 
 Read More](/blog/how-the-packaging-industry-is-changing-during-covid) 
 [ 
 What Returning Cruise Ship Workers Need to Keep in Mind in a COVID World 
 The cruise ship industry is slowly beginning to pick back up. Learn about the specific risks that cruise ship workers face, and how they will proceed. 
 Read More](/blog/what-returning-cruise-ship-workers-need-to-keep-in-mind-in-a-covid-world) 
 [ 
 Telehealth: What You Need to Know 
 Telehealth is the use of digital communication technologies to access health care services remotely and manage your health care. Learn about Telehealth here. 
 Read More](/blog/telehealth-what-you-need-to-know) 
 Check Out More Blogs 
 Here 
 Check Out Our Services 
 Here 
    
 Phone: (888) 968-2980 
 Get Started 
 © 2018 WORK-FIT |  Site Privacy  |   Patient Privacy  |  Sitemap 
 Powered by Scale 
