Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Administrative Officer 
 Western University 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Classification & Regular Hours 
 Hours per Week:  35 
 Salary Grade:  14 
 Please note, this is a temporary full-time contract opportunity with an expected end date of February 11, 2022 to cover a leave of absence. Secondments are welcome. 
 About Western 
 Since 1878, Western University has been committed to serving our communities through the pursuit of academic excellence and by providing students, faculty, and community members with life-long opportunities for intellectual, social, and cultural growth. We seek excellent students, faculty, and staff to join us in what has become known as the "Western Experience" - an opportunity to contribute to a better world through the development of new knowledge, new abilities, new connections, and new ways to make a difference. 
 About Us 
 The Department provides a diverse and dynamic environment for undergraduates, graduate students, and faculty. For undergraduates and graduate students alike, the Department of Geography and Environment at Western University offers a wide array of educational opportunities. 
 Responsibilities 
 The Administrative Officer is a key member of the administrative team in Geography and Environment. As team leader, the Administrative Officer guides the staff within the Department to achieve their expected outcomes. This role coordinates many of the Chair's Administrative responsibilities and ensures compliance with UWOSA, UWOFA, SOGS and Western policies and procedures, inclusive of the PMA agreement. The role manages all departmental finances relating to both administration and research, both domestic and international. The role requires considerable diplomacy and knowledge of human resource management principles, including Human Rights/Equity legislation. 
 Qualifications 
 Education: 
 
 4-year Undergraduate University Degree, preferably in a Social Science discipline 
 Completion (or enrolment in) a recognized financial or professional program (i.e. CHRP, CIM) would be an asset 
 
 Experience: 
 
 5 years of progressively more responsible administrative experience, preferably in an academic setting 
 Previous budgeting and human resources experience 
 Experience functioning within a union environment is preferred 
 
 Knowledge, Skills & Abilities: 
 
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills and confidence dealing with all levels of an organization 
 Ability and willingness to stay abreast of technological developments 
 Demonstrated commitment to ongoing learning and professional development 
 Ability to analyze and synthesize sizable amounts of detail/data 
 Demonstrated analytical ability with a working knowledge of accounting principles 
 Proven ability and natural inclination to interact with people in a professional, respectful and diplomatic manner 
 Advanced knowledge of PeopleSoft modules 
 Advanced computer skills Microsoft office (Excel/Word) 
 Intermediate skills in Microsoft Access 
 Professional manner, tact, diplomacy and discretion in dealing with associates and colleagues including senior management 
 Strong record of teamwork with the motivation and ability to work independently with little supervision 
 
 Western Values Diversity 
 The University invites applications from all qualified individuals. Western is committed to employment equity and diversity in the workplace and welcomes applications from women, members of racialized groups/visible minorities, Aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, persons of any sexual orientation, and persons of any gender identity or gender expression. 
 Accommodations are available for applicants with disabilities throughout the recruitment process. If you require accommodations for interviews or other meetings, please contact Human Resources at hrhelp@uwo.ca or phone 519-661-2194. 
 Please Note: 
We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those chosen for an interview will be acknowledged. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
