
 Home 
 Legal 
 Sitemap 
 
 _Software developers create the applications or systems that run on a computer or another device. They apply the principles of engineering, analytics and computer science to develop and test all kinds of software and applications. Many software developers are employed by firms that deal in computer systems design and related services, manufacturing, or for software publishers. Work At Home Jobs  _ 
Bankrate.com is an independent, advertising-supported publisher and comparison service. We are compensated in exchange for placement of sponsored products and, services, or by you clicking on certain links posted on our site. Therefore, this compensation may impact how, where and in what order products appear within listing categories. Other factors, such as our own proprietary website rules and whether a product is offered in your area or at your self-selected credit score range can also impact how and where products appear on this site. While we strive to provide a wide range offers, Bankrate does not include information about every financial or credit product or service.  Work At Home 
 Many businesses are in need of someone to design their logos, websites or visual ads. If you have a degree or certification in this area, you can make a comfortable salary annually (reportedly $45,000 and up). The more skilled you are, the more clients you'll likely get through word of mouth. Here's a guide on how to build a website that can help you get started. 
 “There are two strategies that work extremely well for me when working from home,” advises Morgan Ranstrom, a Certified Financial Planner at Trailhead Planners in Minneapolis. “First, when I work from home I still 'get ready.' I shower and I put on business casual attire. This helps me get in the mindset of "I'm going to work". Second, time blocking is a savior when working from home. There are countless ways to distract yourself when you're at home – the laundry, washing the dishes, walking the dog. Don't fall for it.” 
 If you’re looking for a work-at-home position, even among some of the employers listed above, you should be aware that not all such positions will be readily available. You may have to go on the company’s careers page or job board and enter terms such as “work-at-home”, “work-from-home”, “remote position”, or something similar. This will be especially important if most of the jobs offered by an employer are on-site.  Work From Home 
 In a real way, Kelly Services practically pioneered jobs from home, since it began primarily as a temporary job service. It now works regularly with some of the very largest employers in the country, providing staffing needs at all levels. They specialize in accounting and finance, administrative, automotive, engineering, information technology, life sciences, and call centers, but actually cover a multitude of industries and job classifications. Work From Home   
 
 Teachers aren't the only ones migrating from shuttered schools to remote work. Speech language pathologists work with K-12 students to identify communication disorders and develop individualized education plans to address their needs. And with schools currently practicing remote learning, school districts are seeking remote workers to provide this important specialized service via teletherapy. Some opportunities are available immediately to serve for the remainder of this school year, while others may begin before fall. You must have proper licensure for the state in which you'll work.  Work At Home 
 
 If you can listen and type, you can be a transcriptionist. Some positions, such as in the medical field, may prefer applicants with technical knowledge of the subject matter. But plenty of opportunities — including those at Literably (a reading assessment service for students from kindergarten through eighth grade) and Pactera Technologies (a global digital consulting firm) — require no prior experience and provide on-the-job training.  Work From Home 
 For those unfamiliar with affiliate marketing, it’s simply referral marketing where you earn a commission. Let’s say that you have a website and refer a book on Amazon. When the visitor clicks the affiliate link and buys the book, Amazon will pay you a percentage of the sale. People love affiliate marketing because they can start earning money passively with few startup costs.  Work From Home 
 Get paid to share your opinions. While it's not exactly a job, participating in surveys and focus groups can be an easy way to pick up a bit of extra cash — in some cases, a very little bit. Pay for some surveys can amount to as little as $1 an hour, according to SideHusl, a website that vets opportunities to make money on the side. But other opportunities can be more lucrative: Current offerings on FindFocusGroups.com and focusgroup.com pay $25 to $275 and $50 to $180 a pop, respectively. [Work From Home](https://www.youtube.com/v/I7voRJkBsnM&feature=kp)
 
 _The job: Would you like the freedom to work at home while helping others succeed? Those are the perks of working as a bookkeeper, says Ben Robinson, a certified public accountant and business owner who teaches others to become virtual bookkeepers through his online course, Bookkeeper Business Launch. We asked him for advice for making this career track work for you. You can read the full interview here. Work At Home  _ 
**Pay can vary greatly, depending on your level of experience and area of expertise. For example, management consultants, who help organizations identify strategies to increase efficiency, can make anywhere from $17 to $170 an hour, on average, according to PayScale. RenoFi, an online marketplace for home renovation loans, is seeking renovation project consultants to review and report on the feasibility of residential construction projects. The job listing does not specify pay rates but notes that ideal candidates may have worked previously as a general contractor, a position that pays an average $15 to $63 an hour, according to PayScale. Work From Home  ** 
 
 Though it’s based in Waltham, Massachusetts, Lionbridge offers positions in 26 countries, and provides the option to either work from home, or at one of their 47 offices around the world. Positions are available for both full- and part-time work. You can also work as a freelancer through the company, depending on the specific service you can provide.  Work At Home Jobs 
 
 We value your trust. Our mission is to provide readers with accurate and unbiased information, and we have editorial standards in place to ensure that happens. Our editors and reporters thoroughly fact-check editorial content to ensure the information you’re reading is accurate. We maintain a firewall between our advertisers and our editorial team. Our editorial team does not receive direct compensation from our advertisers.  Work From Home Jobs 
 That puts contact tracers in high demand. In fact, a recent report from Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health estimates that the nation needs about 100,000 new contact tracers to help manage the COVID-19 outbreak. But you can still expect the competition to be fierce for this remote position. Education and work experience requirements vary by employer, but the CDC’s job posting specifies that at least a high school diploma is required, and a bachelor’s degree is preferred. Otherwise, the major requirements include strong communication abilities — you’ll spend most of your time on the phone closely following a script — computer skills and empathy. Being multilingual may help boost your chances of getting hired. Training is provided. (Even if you’re not planning to be a contact tracer, you can take a free online six-hour training course developed by Johns Hopkins, just to learn more about COVID-19.) 
Help raise money for the causes you believe in. You can take on a full-time entry-level job that requires you to communicate directly with potential or existing donors. Or if you have the experience, you can snag a more senior-level position, such as the grants and development manager job at MedGlobal, which requires proven grant writing and fundraising strategy development abilities. 
Current positions available include business sales representatives, customer service representatives, and bilingual customer service representatives. Positions are available in the US and Canada. You'll be provided with proprietary technology that enables you to securely access applications, so you will be able to support and assist customers with a variety of services and technical needs. You must be at least 17 years of age, have a high school diploma or general equivalency diploma, and have wire connected Internet access. 
Appen is a technology services company based in Australia. However, they have offices in the US and the United Kingdom as well, and provide opportunities in 130 countries around the world. The company works with some of the biggest companies in the world, including eight of the 10 top technology companies. It supports more than 1 million contractors around the world.  Work From Home Jobs 
 Pay can vary greatly, depending on your level of experience and area of expertise. For example, management consultants, who help organizations identify strategies to increase efficiency, can make anywhere from $17 to $170 an hour, on average, according to PayScale. RenoFi, an online marketplace for home renovation loans, is seeking renovation project consultants to review and report on the feasibility of residential construction projects. The job listing does not specify pay rates but notes that ideal candidates may have worked previously as a general contractor, a position that pays an average $15 to $63 an hour, according to PayScale.  Work From Home 
 “I think the most important factor in successfully working from home is setting a boundary between work and personal time,” warns Russ Thornton, who runs Wealthcare for Women from his home. “Many jobs can suck up all your available time if you let them. When I “shut down” for the day, I shut off my computer, leave my office, and only very rarely do I set foot back in my office before I start work the next morning.”  Work At Home Jobs 
 It’s becoming increasingly important for businesses to have a presence on social media. If you have a knack for using social media platforms such as Facebook, Twitter and Instagram, you could work from home by helping businesses promote their brand and their products through social-media marketing. This job is in the top 20 for postings at ZipRecruiter. [Work From Home Jobs](http://m.youtube.com/watch?v=I7voRJkBsnM)
 
 **Working from home has benefits for both workers and employers. Studies by Global Workplace Analytics, a San Diego research and consulting firm, have shown that telecommuting saves employers and workers time and money, reduces stress, increases productivity, lowers exposure to office colds and flus, and helps the environment by reducing the number of commuters. Work At Home Jobs  ** 
 It’s becoming increasingly important for businesses to have a presence on social media. If you have a knack for using social media platforms such as Facebook, Twitter and Instagram, you could work from home by helping businesses promote their brand and their products through social-media marketing. This job is in the top 20 for postings at ZipRecruiter. [Work From Home](https://www.youtube.com/embed/I7voRJkBsnM)
 
 **Current positions available include business sales representatives, customer service representatives, and bilingual customer service representatives. Positions are available in the US and Canada. You'll be provided with proprietary technology that enables you to securely access applications, so you will be able to support and assist customers with a variety of services and technical needs. You must be at least 17 years of age, have a high school diploma or general equivalency diploma, and have wire connected Internet access. Work From Home Jobs  ** 
_Appen once again took the top spot on the FlexJobs list. The Australia-based technology services company also has offices in the US, as well as employment opportunities in more than 130 companies. In fact, the company claims more than one million contractors employed globally. As you might expect, they work with some of the biggest companies in the world, especially large technology organizations. Work From Home Jobs  _ 
 × 
 
 Work From Home Jobs  Contact us at webmaster@workatwca.com |  Sitemap txt  |  Sitemap 
