
 Login 
 
 Job Search 
 Job Seekers
 
 Job Seeker Info 
 Register 
 Employers 
 
 
 Employers
 
 Employer Info 
 Register 
 
 
 Blog 
 Login 
 
 Kaiser Permanente Jobs 
 View all jobs for the selected employer. 
 Primary Care Staff RN II- Clinic Per-Diem 
 Kaiser Permanente - Oceanside, CA - 1/16/2021 
 As the leader of the health care team, provides professional nursing care, utilizing the nursing process in accordance w/ established standards of care, policies, & procedures. Demonstrates performance consistent w/ the Medical Center Vision, Miss... 
 
 Psychiatric Nurse-RN 
 Kaiser Permanente - San Diego, CA - 1/15/2021 
 Responsible for the delivery of psychiatric nursing care/services to members being treated in the behavioral health service departments. Positions assigned to this classification are characterized by providing interventions that: promote and foste... 
 
 Psychosocial Counselor/Clinician II 
 Kaiser Permanente - San Diego, CA - 1/15/2021 
 The Psychosocial Clinician II is a member of an interdisciplinary team who provides direct assessment, diagnosis formulation, treatment planning, treatment intervention and psycho-education to members and/or family members. The majority of the pos... 
 
 LVN 
 Kaiser Permanente - San Diego, CA - 1/15/2021 
 Under direct supervision of an RN or provider performs routine patient care, excluding administration of IV medications and venipuncture, following established policies, procedures and standards; follows Quality of Service Standards; follows Unive... 
 
 Emergency Dept. Asst. - On Call 
 Kaiser Permanente - San Diego, CA - 1/14/2021 
 Responsible for registration, discharge & order entry on the KPDS mainframe. Assists the nursing & physician staff in managing the patient care flow. Acts as a liaison for patient & family.Essential Functions:- Upholds KP's Policies & Procedures, ... 
 
 LVN - Outpatient - MURRIETA MOB 1 - Obstetrics/Gyn Regular Clinic - 
 Kaiser Permanente - Murrieta, CA - 1/14/2021 
 Provides nursing care to patients under the direction of a Registered Nurse, utilizes observational skills to assess nursing intervention and assists medical staff to insure optimal patient care within established policies, procedures and standard... 
 
 Staff RN - POSTPARTUM 
 Kaiser Permanente - San Diego, CA - 1/13/2021 
 As the leader of the health care team, provides professional nursing care, utilizing the nursing process in accordance with established standards of care, policies, and procedures. Demonstrates performance consistent with the Medical Center Vision... 
 
 Laboratory Assistant 
 Kaiser Permanente - San Marcos, CA - 1/13/2021 
 To perform venipuncture and skin puncture and pre-analytical steps of laboratory testing.Essential Responsibilities:Upholds Kaiser Permanente's Policies and Procedures, Principles of Responsibilities and applicable state, federal and local lawsSel... 
 
 Sr Project Manager, Claims Administration 
 Kaiser Permanente - San Diego, CA - 1/13/2021 
 Includes the planning and tracking of projects both (tactical and strategic), cost effectiveness, communication, risk analysis, quality assurance, team and vendor management, and implementation of highly visible, sensitive and multi-faceted projec... 
 
 Senior Periop Materials Cost Specialist 
 Kaiser Permanente - San Diego, CA - 1/12/2021 
 Supervises materials cost containment in the operating room including the inventory control system and various databases. Monitors department budget issues, and provides lead direction to operating room storekeepers. Ensures compliance with Group ... 
 
 E.R. Tech - On Call - Varied 
 Kaiser Permanente - San Diego, CA - 1/12/2021 
 Under direct supervision, assist physicians and nurses with examination, treatment and special procedures. Apply splints to patients as authorized by Chief of Orthopedic Department, performs related patient care duties in clinic, holding ward of E... 
 
 Data Management Consultant/Specialist 
 Kaiser Permanente - Burbank, CA - 1/12/2021 
 Includes design, testing, implementation, control and maintenance of organization's logical and relational databases across platforms and computing environments.Essential Functions:- Project Management: Manages large, complex projects using budget... 
 
 Customer Implementation Consultant 2 
 Kaiser Permanente - Oakland, CA - 1/12/2021 
 Oversees fully insured and self-funded group installation processes across multiple regions and multiple functional areas. Monitors installation activities for new and renewing national and regional groups, and will actively manage tasks, processe... 
 
 Psychosocial Clinician II/Counselor II 
 Kaiser Permanente - El Cajon, CA - 1/12/2021 
 The Psychosocial Clinician II is a member of an interdisciplinary team who provides direct assessment, diagnosis formulation, treatment planning, treatment intervention and psycho-education to members and/or family members. The majority of the pos... 
 
 Sterile Processing Technician II 
 Kaiser Permanente - San Diego, CA - 1/09/2021 
 Decontaminates, cleans, packages, sterilizes, stores and distributes medical / surgical, equipment and supplies in accordance with CDC, OSHA, EPA, AAMI, Title 22, APIC, SGNA, JC guidelines as required.Essential Functions:- Responsible for filling ... 
 
 LVN - Outpatient - Clinic Staffing- Float Pool 
 Kaiser Permanente - Riverside, CA - 1/09/2021 
 Provides nursing care to patients under the direction of a Registered Nurse, utilizes observational skills to assess nursing intervention and assists medical staff to insure optimal patient care within established policies, procedures and standard... 
 
 Mammography Tech I 
 Kaiser Permanente - San Diego, CA - 1/08/2021 
 Under general supervision, operates dedicated and specialized mammography radiographic equipment, formulates/calculates techniques and positions patients to produce diagnostic images of normal and abnormal human breast and associated tissue and re... 
 
 Crna 
 Kaiser Permanente - San Diego, CA - 1/08/2021 
 Under the medical supervision of an anesthesiologist, administers general and regional anesthesia for all types of surgical, obstetrical, and other procedures that require anesthesia services, to patients of various age groups including: neonatal,... 
 
 Psychiatric Nurse-RN 
 Kaiser Permanente - San Diego, CA - 1/07/2021 
 Responsible for the delivery of psychiatric nursing care/services to members being treated in the behavioral health service departments. Positions assigned to this classification are characterized by providing interventions that: promote and foste... 
 
 Staff RN - Oncology Part Time Night 
 Kaiser Permanente - San Diego, CA - 1/07/2021 
 As the leader of the health care team, provides professional nursing care, utilizing the nursing process in accordance with established standards of care, policies, and procedures. Demonstrates performance consistent with the Medical Center Vision... 
 
 1 2 3 4 5 6 
 10 Rows 20 Rows 50 Rows 100 Rows 
 Find us on social media: 
     
 (C)2020 Workforce San Diego 
 Search Jobs 
 Contact Us 
 About Us 
 Privacy Information 
 Terms & Conditions 
