[ 
 Workew 
 Workew is the #1 board to find remote jobs, careers and other remote work opportunities to become digital nomad, work from anywhere and travel the world. 
 ](https://workew.com/ "Workew") Close Search for: Search 
 
 Remote Jobs 
 
 Marketing 
 Developer 
 Operations 
 Designer & UX 
 Customer Service 
 Project Mgmt 
 Sales & Biz Dev 
 Writing & Editing 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Other WFH Jobs 
 
 
 Remote Work Course 
 My account 
 
 Shopping Cart 
 
 
 More
 
 Facebook Group 
 Telegram Alerts 
 Pricing & Plans 
 Remote Health 
 Contact Us 
 Blog Posts 
 
 
 Post a Job 
 Post a Resume 
  __Facebook 
 
 Menu 
 Facebook Ads Expert / Media Buyer 
 
 
 Marketing 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 Posted November 24 
 Applications have closed 
 iVelocity Marketing 
 
 Overview 
 iVelocity Marketing, a digital marketing agency, is looking to expand its Facebook advertising team. 
 The seasoned Facebook Ads Expert is responsible for designing and managing digital marketing ad campaigns for our clients. S/he must identify audiences to target and work with their partner Account Manager to implement a media plan that meets the clients' goals. Must be familiar with standard concepts, practices and procedures for digital marketing, notably Facebook. SEO knowledge is a strong plus. Will work under general supervision and a certain level of creativity and initiative is required. 
 What does our ideal candidate look like for the Facebook Ads Expert position? 
 
 MINIMUM of 3 years experience with paid Facebook ads. 5 years is preferred. 
 Clickfunnels or Landing page software experience mandatory. 
 WordPress Knowledge -- Preferred but not necessary. 
 Proven experience building out multi-stage, multi-channel marketing funnels 
 Experience with Google Ads, YouTube, Twitter, LinkedIn, email marketing a plus. 
 Customer Service / Client Facing Experience -- Must be comfortable communicating strategy and results of ad campaigns to clients. 
 Ability to work with little to no oversight on 15 – 25 active clients 
 Team Player / Go-Getter -- We need someone who works well with others, but also excels by themselves 
 Tenacity and Entrepreneurial Spirit -- Being a successful small business, we only bring strong individuals onto our rapidly growing team. Every single one of us treats this company like it’s our own, and we're looking for like-minded individuals. 
 Ability to think creatively - Innovation is a requirement in our organization 
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills internally and externally 
 Attention to detail - Include in cover letter your mantra or an inspirational quote that defines you 
 
 Questions to ask yourself about whether iVelocity Marketing will be a good fit for you: 
 
 Why does digital marketing excite you? 
 Are you looking for a startup situation where creative freedom and ideas are not only welcomed and encouraged but rewarded? 
 Can you work under stressful situations that arise without warning? 
 Do you enjoy establishing human connections and can you foster relationships with your own client portfolio? 
 
 Benefits to working with iVelocity Marketing: 
 A growing team environment that is open to your ideas and encourages innovation. You'll have access to continuing education and regular training opportunities to improve your marketing and client management skills. We offer health and dental insurance, and vacation time. 
 You will need to provide your own laptop. 
 We are a remote company. Many of the team members are based in Denver, Colorado, but we are open to team members able to work normal Mountain Time business hours. 
 
 Bookmark Job 
 
 Job Page Views:  187 
 Marketing 
 
  Website  
 
 Full Time 
 More Jobs 
 Position closed? 
 Let us know . 
 Share this job: 
 
  Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Join the Remote Slack Community: 
 
 Signup today for free!  🚀 
 Related Jobs 
 
 
 
 Customer Success Manager 
 Percona  Highly-respected thought leader for global open source community 
 Anywhere in APAC 🌏, Anywhere in EMEA 🌍 
 * Support
* January 16
 
 
 
 
 Senior Accountant 
 Grindr  The world's largest social networking app for gay, bi, trans, and queer people. 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 * Others
* December 15
 
 
 
 
 Head of Remote 
 Hopin  The first all-in-one live online events platform for connecting distributed communities 
 Anywhere in EMEA 🌍, Anywhere in Europe 🇪🇺 
 * Operations
* November 12
 
 Find Your Dream Job 
 Recruiters looking for remote talent can find your resume based on keywords, job titles, skills and more. 
 Post a resume today 
 WORKEW © 2020 
 Facebook   Twitter   LinkedIn   Instagram   YouTube 
 Back to Top 
 Nomad Insurance by SafetyWing : The best travel medical insurance for freelancers & remote workers Get Insured 
