Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Front Store Supervisor PT 
 Shoppers Drug Mart 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
236 Bloor Street West, Toronto, Ontario, M5S 1T8 
 Join a locally owned and operated store to help deliver health, beauty and convenience services in your community, and keep the customer at the centre of everything you do. 
 Why this role is important? 
 SUMMARY: 
Managing the customer service functions, including cash, cashiers and merchandising. 
 DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES: 
HUMAN RESOURCES 
 Ensures cashier/merchandising staff comply with all store policies and operating procedures 
Trains cashiers/merchandisers in job functions 
Provides on-going guidance and instruction 
 LOSS PREVENTION 
 Ensures all loss prevention standards are implemented, manages daily cash office inventory and cashier tracking, tracking sheets, PC Optimum procedures 
 CUSTOMER SERVICE 
 Ensures store employees present proper image to the public in accordance with Uniform Policy and Dress Code Guidelines (ie. clean appearance, approved uniform, name badge) 
Answers inquiries regarding location of product, rainchecks, etc. 
Resolves customer issues according to established guidelines (refunds, exchanges, etc.) 
Promotes the CSI Survey 
 MERCHANDISING 
 Ensures shelves are clean and organized with proper rotation 
Ensures product displays are set up and taken down as directed by the AFSM/FSM 
Monitors inventory level and informs AFSM/FSM 
Puts up and takes down flyer/event POP as per the POP Placement/Hot Spot documents located on the In-Store Web 
Maintains cleanliness and ensure washrooms are stock with proper items throughout the shift ie. toilet paper/paper towel 
 GENERAL 
 Ensures standards of housekeeping and store image are maintained 
 Complies with all Health and Safety requirements:  supervises employees to ensure correct work procedures are followed, communicates hazard information and control procedures, consults employees and provides feedback to management, cooperates with Health and Safety committee or representative, holds accountable any employees reporting to them. 
May be asked to perform clerical and banking duties 
Complies with all store policies and procedures 
Complies with loss prevention policies and procedures and ensures they are executed in the store 
Perform other duties as required including Cashier duties when necessary 
Runs the end of day for the POS system 
Responsible for opening and closing the store as per key holder duties (as required) 
 QUALIFICATIONS 
 Planning, Judgement and Decision Making 
 Independent thinking as it relates to organizing store 
Problem solving is essential to ensure customer satisfaction 
Plan work to maximize efficiency and minimize costs 
Stock appropriate inventory levels 
 EXPERIENCE 
 Customer service oriented 
Computer literate 
Organized 
Efficient time management skills 
Familiarity with retail business 
Knowledge of products and supplies 
Commitment to providing customer service 
 WORKING CONDITIONS 
 Ability to work flexible shifts which may include nights and weekends 
 PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS 
 Ability to lift up to 50 pounds 
Ability to climb ladder 
 The above statement reflects the general details considered necessary to describe the principal functions and duties as required for proper evaluation of the job and shall not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be inherent in the job. 
 J2WFSM 
J2WRTL 
 Why work in a Shoppers Drug Mart store? 
 Each store has an Associate-Owner, so you will work for a local business owner while having the support of a national brand. Benefit from a purchase discount program, flexible and varied schedules, competitive pay and online learning through SDMU. 
 Take ownership of your work and find more ways to care about your patients, co-workers, customers and community. 
 Associate Owners in the Shoppers Drug Mart network recognize Canada's diversity as an opportunity to better serve their communities, and strive to reflect the nation’s evolving diversity in the products they sell, the people they hire, and the culture they create in their stores. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants and colleagues with disabilities. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
