Jump to Navigation 
 
 
 en 
 
 
 aus 
 
 
 nl 
 
 
 us 
 
 
 1-877-879-8811 
 
 
 Advisors & Faculty 
 
 
 MyTrip Login 
 
 
 Book Now 
 
 
   
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 +1 (617) 315 1412 
 
 
 Internships 
 
 Medical 
 Nursing 
 Midwifery 
 Physical Therapy 
 Paramedicine 
 Radiology 
 Pharmacy 
 Dental 
 Occupational Therapy 
 
 
 
 Destinations 
 
 Indonesia - Yogyakarta 
 Vietnam - Hue 
 Mexico - Merida 
 Zambia - Lusaka 
 Cambodia - Phnom Penh 
 The Philippines - Iloilo 
 Sri Lanka - Kandy 
 Tanzania - Dar es Salaam 
 Nepal - Kathmandu 
 Nepal - Pokhara 
 Ghana - Takoradi 
 
 
 
 OUR SERVICE 
 
 HOW IT WORKS 
 How to Apply 
 VILLAGE HEALTHCARE WEEKS 
 Online Internship Planner 
 SAFETY AND SECURITY 
 FAQS 
 ACCOMMODATION 
 Learning Local Languages 
 INTENSIVE SPANISH COURSE 
 Practicing Professionals 
 Ways To Fund Your Trip 
 BLOG 
 
 
 
 TESTIMONIALS 
 
 
 ABOUT US 
 
 WHO WE ARE 
 MEET THE TEAM 
 Hospital Partnerships 
 CONTACT US 
 PRESS 
 Content Hub 
 Events 
 
 
 
 Costs 
 
 
 Mytrip Login 
 
 
 INQUIRE NOW 
 
 
 Book Now 
 
 
 Blog 
 How a Work the World Placement Can Launch Your Career 
 Inquire Now 
 by Joe Jamieson 
 Nursing ,  Tanzania Dar es Salaam ,  Where Are They Now? 
 John—a former student nurse—undertook an overseas  nursing  placement with Work the World in  Tanzania . We spoke to him about how his placement contributed to his professional and personal development, leading to him work as a fully qualified nurse in a fascinating small country in Africa. 
 
 It was my time with Work the World that got me this job, it totally prepared me for it! 
 
 So, over to John. 
 Many years ago, I spent a summer with Work the World as a student nurse in Tanzania. I honed my skills in a novel clinical environment, experienced the challenges associated with delivering healthcare in a setting with soaring HIV and limited resources, practiced Swahili with patients, and faced life-altering challenges and successes. 
 I now working with a major global health charity in Lesotho—a tiny enclaved kingdom in southern Africa, with a population of only two million. Lesotho is plagued by some of the highest rates of HIV, TB, and maternal mortality in the world. I spend my days devising training plans for nurses and health workers out in the villages. I also assist with program evaluations and quality control. I practice Sesotho (the local language) with my native colleagues, and draw—on a daily basis—from the experiences I had in Tanzania with Work the World. 
 I wouldn’t be where I am today without having travelled to Tanzania with this organisation. It was my time with Work the World that got me this job, it totally prepared me for it. 
 A Work the World placement stands out on your C.V. as a badge of durability, resourcefulness, and cross-cultural aptitude. It says you’ve seen and experienced things unknowable in places like the UK, Australia, the US and the Netherlands. It says you’ve solved problems and debated ethics that are simply taken for granted at home. 
 A Work the World placement says that you've earned something few others have. 
 Work the World prepare you in innumerable ways to be a better clinician and indeed a better citizen of our planet; employers know this. 
 During the interview for my current position, I felt as if I started every sentence with “When I was a student nurse in Tanzania…”. For every question I had a story or a life lesson to match, all of which were from my time with Work the World. 
 Here in Lesotho, while analysing problems and developing solutions with colleagues, I’m constantly referring back to my experiences with Work the World. Be it rigging up a paediatric oxygen delivery system with tape and a Swiss Army knife, treating severe dehydration deep in the Serengeti, or simply helping to deliver babies in a busy labour ward. 
 Memories of my placement with Work the World in Tanzania remain daily touchstones. It is the one experience that launched my understanding of global health, and the one experience that launched my career in global health. I know that without it I would have neither the opportunities nor the skills I proudly enjoy today. 
 Whenever someone asks me if they should undertake their elective with Work the World, I tell them, "Go!". It’s the best investment you'll ever make in developing your skills, your career, and yourself. 
 - John 
 To find out how we can tailor your overseas placement drop a question in the form at the bottom of this page. 
 INVEST IN 
 YOUR FUTURE 
 Take charge of your career today and start steering yourself towards where you want to be. Get staretd here: 
 Learn More 
 Share 
 Search blog posts 
 by discipline 
 
 Medical 
 Paramedicine 
 Nursing 
 Dentistry 
 Midwifery 
 Physiotherapy 
 Occupational Therapy 
 Radiography 
 Pharmacy 
 Village Healthcare Experiences 
 
 by destination 
 
 Cambodia Phnom Penh 
 Ghana Takoradi 
 Vietnam Hue 
 Indonesia Yogyakarta 
 Mexico Merida 
 Zambia Lusaka 
 Nepal Kathmandu 
 Nepal Pokhara 
 The Philippines Iloilo 
 Sri Lanka Kandy 
 Tanzania Dar es Salaam 
 
 By Category 
 
 Our Service 
 Clinical Features 
 Destination Features 
 Guides 
 Where Are They Now? 
 News 
 Funding 
 Guest articles 
 Village Healthcare Experience 
 
 Related Blog Posts 
 Leanne’s eye-opening nursing placement in Dar es Salaam, Tanzania 
 Meg Dillon 
 Read more 
 How my overseas placement in Ghana influenced the rest of my nursing career 
 Meg Dillon 
 Read more 
 Jordan’s Nursing Placement in Takoradi, Ghana 
 Meg Dillon 
 Read more 
 Inquire Now 
 Need more information? Fill out the form below and we'll quickly come back to you with an answer. 
 InternshipMedicineNursingMidwiferyPhysiotherapyDentistryRadiographyPharmacyOccupational TherapyParamedicine 
 Please select to confirm if you are currently a * 
 Student 
 Professional 
 Please tick to confirm you have already enrolled at medical school or are qualified. Our internships are not for pre-med students. 
 Featured on: 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Youtube 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 1-877-879-8811 
 
 
 EMAIL 
 
 
 CONTACT 
 
 
 Cookie Policy 
 
 
 Privacy Notice 
 
 
 Terms & Conditions 
 
 
 DESTINATIONS 
 
 
 INTERNSHIPS 
 
 
 TESTIMONIALS 
 
 
 BLOG 
 
 
 FAQS 
 
 
 PRESS 
 
 
 UNLIMITED BOOKING CHANGES 
 
 
