Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Teen and Healthy Relationship C0-Facilitator 
 Cowichan Women Against Violence Society 
 __Duncan, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Posting Number:  2020-19 
 Posting Date:  November 23, 2020  Closing Date:  As soon as position is filled 
 Position:  Healthy Teen Relationship Co-facilitator 
 Reporting Relationship:  Reports to WAVAW Supervisor 
 Hours:  The position is 12 hours per week as required, primarily Monday and Tuesdays, excluding school holidays. Report writing is required. 
 Rate of Pay:  $24.00 per hour plus MERC (Mandatory Employment Related Costs). The vacation rate is 6.92%, paid out each pay period. 
 Description:  The facilitators will deliver a series of workshops in local schools throughout the Cowichan Valley. This is a school based violence prevention initiative for youth. The facilitators will work in partnership with local educators but will assume the primary responsibility for developing, refining and delivering the curriculum. The goal of the program is to reduce the incidence of relationship violence in the lives of students by helping them to develop the skills and attitudes they need for healthy and respectful relationships with peers and intimate partners. 
 Qualifications: 
 § Training and education in a directly related field, including knowledge and understanding of youth issues and approaches. 
 § Strong facilitation skills and experience with co-facilitation. 
 § Recent supervised direct experience of working with youth. 
 § Experience and/or training in working with Aboriginal youth. 
 § Experience and comfort in the facilitation of classroom-sized groups of youth. 
 § Strength in holding strong group boundaries and in maintaining an effective group learning environment while being flexible and open and ensuring safety for all. 
 
 Experience, knowledge and skills in mentoring and training youth in facilitation skills, working with peers, and in issues of social justice and violence prevention. 
 
 § Demonstrated ability to apply the concepts of feminist analysis of violence against women and children. 
 § Awareness and analysis of the various issues of oppression, specifically those related to racism, sexism, heterosexism and homophobia, class and issues of poverty, and the impact of colonialism on aboriginal people. 
 § Demonstrated ability to work from a trauma informed perspective. 
 § Demonstrated ability to work collaboratively with colleagues, supervisors and youth. 
 § Valid Class 5 Driver’s License and satisfactory driver’s abstract. 
 § Current 1st Aid Certification (Emergency 1st Aid with CPR) is an asset. 
 
 Satisfactory criminal records check. 
 
 Please send your resume along with cover letter identifying the position you are applying for to: Bernadette Franke Program Supervisor 
 Reference ID: 2020-19 
 Part-time hours: 12 per week 
 Application deadline: 2020-12-07 
 Job Types: Part-time, Permanent 
 Salary: $24.00 per hour 
 Benefits: 
 
 Casual dress 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 Day shift 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Training with youth: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 Class 5 Drivers License (Required) 
 Emergency First Aid (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
