  
 
 
 Find Jobs 
 
 
 Regions 
 
 
 Career advice 
 
 
 Moving Guide 
 
 
 News 
 
 
 Register 
 
 Job Seeker Account 
 Employer Account 
 
 
 
 Login 
 
 
 Post a Job 
 
 
 
 
 Find Jobs 
 Regions 
 Career advice 
 Moving Guide 
 News 
 
 
 Home   Find jobs   Locations   Career advice   Moving guide   News 
 Modal title 
 Close 
 Find Jobs 
 Find Jobs 
 Jobs in Palmerston North | Working in New Zealand 
 Jobs in Palmerston North 
 Are you looking for job opportunities in Palmerston North? Throughout the region, there are a wide range of jobs for foreigners available, whether you're looking for your first graduate job or your first full-time senior position. Working In has all the latest vacancies available for skilled candidates. If you are qualified to work in New Zealand, browse our vacancies today to find a job in Palmerston North that will build on your skills and experience. 
 Refine Search 
 Find Jobs 
 Browse by Category 
 Accounting 
 Construction 
 Education and Training 
 Engineering 
 Healthcare 
 IT 
 Trades and Services 
 Browse by Location 
 Auckland 
 Christchurch 
 Dunedin 
 Gisborne 
 Hamilton 
 Nelson 
 [New Plymouth](/jobs/regions/new plymouth/) 
 [Palmerston North](/jobs/regions/palmerston north/) 
 Queenstown 
 Rotorua 
 Tauranga 
 Northland 
 Wellington 
 Sorry, we don't currently have any jobs for this search. Get a job alert for this search and as soon as we have a job that matches your criteria we will send you an email: 
 Thank you! You have successfully subscribed to our job alerts. 
 Subscribe for Jobs 
 Load more 
 Full-time Jobs in Palmerston North 
 Palmerston North is one of the best places to live and work in New Zealand, with plenty of exciting job opportunities throughout the city and the wider Manawatu region. The region's top employment sectors include logistics and freight, food innovation and research, and agribusiness. Other major industries in the region include healthcare, IT, manufacturing and government agencies. Working In has many full-time jobs available in various industries. You can browse the latest vacancies using our job search tool - both domestic and international applications are welcome. 
 If you are a foreigner hoping to get a job in Palmerston North, you must have the correct visa. Foreigners hoping to work in New Zealand full-time should apply for a resident visa. To find out if you are eligible for a resident visa, you can check the skilled migrant system. This points-based system takes various factors into account to assess your eligibility to apply, including your age, previous work experience, qualifications, character and overall health. For further details about the resident visa process, make sure to visit the official  Immigration New Zealand  website. 
 Palmerston North Job Search 
 Working In makes it easy for foreigners and professionals to find work in New Zealand. Our helpful job search tool allows you to filter relevant jobs according to your own requirements. Are you a graduate looking for a relevant entry-level position? Are you hoping to take the next step in your career with a more challenging role? Are you looking for a job with flexible working hours? No matter what your situation is, we can help you find a job that best suits your lifestyle and individual working requirements. To begin the job search, simply browse our latest Palmerston North job vacancies according to your salary range, experience level, location and company name. 
 About Working In New Zealand 
 We’ve been helping people get a good job in New Zealand for over a decade. It’s what we care about the most! Get started today. 
 Job seekers 
 
 Login  /  Register 
 Job search 
 Companies hiring 
 Get job alerts 
 Contact us 
 
 Recruiting 
 
 Register 
 Existing customer login 
 Advertise a job 
 Products and services 
 
 About us 
 
 About Working In 
 Why use Working In 
 Contact us 
 Privacy policy 
 Terms & conditions 
 
 Our network 
 
 Working In Australia 
 Working In Business 
 
 
 Copyright  - Working In New Zealand 
   
 Copyright  - Working In New Zealand 
   
 Copyright  - Working In New Zealand 
