Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Organ Recovery Assistant - BC Transplant 
 PHSA 
 __Vancouver, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Organ Recovery Assistant 
 BC Transplant 
 What you’ll do 
 Perform duties within the scope of practice of a Peri-operative Nurse/Technologist. 
Responsible for the setup and preparation of surgical procedures, including scrubbing in, setting up equipment, and handing surgical instruments to the surgeon. 
Participate in the recovery of organs by responding to the intra-operative requirements of each individual donor case as directed by the Surgical Recovery Specialist, and according to physician’s orders. 
Perform other related duties to support the donor hospital and BCT recovery team for the recovery of organs and tissues for transplantation. (e.g., Assists donor hospital OR staff, as appropriate). 
Participate in both deceased and living donor cases. 
Participate in a call rotation which may be physically demanding. 
Participate in organ import case where the organ will require staff escort on a commercial flight. 
Participate in team meetings as required. 
Assist with the orientation and training of new Organ Recovery Assistants. 
Monitor and maintain surgical supplies and equipment necessary for organ retrieval, perfusion and packaging, including monitoring equipment and supplies. 
Participate in training and on-going professional development within the relevant areas of practice. 
 What you bring 
 A level of education, training, and experience equivalent to Graduation from an approved school of nursing, completion of a recognized OR program, or graduation from a Surgical Scrub Technologist Program. 
In addition to 3 years recent experience in an Operating Room/ Surgical Suite setting. 
Current CPR-Basic Certification recommended. 
Ability to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing. 
Ability to work effectively within a multi-disciplinary team environment. 
Ability to respond to the dynamic circumstances in a donor surgery. 
Ability to operate standard operating room, and BC Transplant-specific equipment. 
Ability to organize workload and set priorities in a fast-paced surgical setting. 
Valid passport and eligibility to travel to/from the US. 
Valid driver’s license and access to a vehicle. 
Physical ability to carry out the duties of the job, including flying in small planes. 
 What’s in it for you 
 Every PHSA employee enables the best possible patient care for our patients and their families. Whether you are providing direct care, conducting research, or making it possible for others to do their work, you impact the lives of British Columbians today and in the future. That’s why we’re focused on your care too – offering health, wellness, development programs to support you – at work and at home. 
 Join one of BC’s largest employers with province-wide programs, services and operations – offering vast opportunities for growth and development. 
Access to more than 2,000 in-house training programs. 
Perks include onsite fitness classes and discounts to 350 BC-wide recreational programs, travel, technology, car and bike sharing, and more. 
 Casual Opportunity 
260-1770 West 7th Avenue, Vancouver, BC 
Applications will be accepted until position is filled 
 Works Days:  Rotating 
 Work Hours:  Rotating 
 What we do 
 BC Transplant (BCT) provides oversight for all aspects of organ donation and transplantation across BC. Its goal is to develop provincial and influence national policy direction; develop and influence national and international leading practice; and increase deceased as well as living donation rates along with transplant volumes, thereby ensuring best possible patient outcomes and experience. This role will focus on key priority initiatives to support the growing donation and transplant volumes and enhance service delivery. 
 Provincial Health Services Authority (PHSA) plans, coordinates and evaluates specialized health services with the BC health authorities to provide equitable and cost-effective health care for people throughout the province. Our values reflect our commitment to excellence and include: Respect people – Be compassionate – Dare to innovate – Cultivate partnerships – Serve with purpose. Learn more about PHSA and our programs: jobs.phsa.ca/programs-and-services 
 PHSA is committed to employment equity and hires on the basis of merit, encouraging all qualified individuals to apply. We recognize that our ability to provide the best care for our diverse patient populations relies on a rich diversity of skills, knowledge, backgrounds and experiences, and value a safe, inclusive and welcoming environment. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
