Skip to content 
 
 Personality Dimensions In Action 
 News and Updates from Personality Dimensions® 
 Primary Menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Website 
 
   
 Tag: Career/LifeSkills Resources Inc. 
 Personality Dimensions® Statistics 
 Like many of us this year, The  PD Stats Robot  (patent still pending) has been doing his best to work from home. The report is a little late getting published because, according to  PD Stats Robot  , their “dog ate the statistics.” But better late than never. 
 Once again The  PD Stats Robot  and the rest of the staff at  CLSR Inc.  would like to thank all of the  Certified Trainers  who took the time to send in their workshop statistics over the past year. Collecting workshop statistics allows us to do further research on the reliability and validity of Personality Dimensions®. If you look at the Primary Colour Breakdowns over the past 15 years, you will notice very little change with them over time; In fact, there is no change from last year and the previous two years in the percentage breakdowns. How’s that for reliability?!?! Full statistics for the Canadian market, including this year’s, are published every year in July and are posted at:  http://www.personalitydimensions.com/published-statistics 
 Collecting workshop statistics also helps us in creating new products. For example, the job categories found in  Career Dimensions™  were taken directly from the statistics reported to us by  Certified Trainers . Your statistics also helped us in developing the upcoming  Wellness Report  and  Personal Report. 
 We ask that every time you conduct an Introductory or Application Session,  even if you had your clients take the assessment online  , that you keep track of your participants’  Primary Colour Preference  , and  Introversion/Extraversion  preference. You can find a form on the USB included with your Building Blocks/Manual to do this. Statistics can then be faxed to 905-760-0113, or emailed to  stats@clsr.ca . You can also submit your statistics through the web at:  http://www.personalitydimensions.com/submit-your-statistics . 
 Once received at our office, our  PD Stats Robot  (patent still pending) diligently processes and categorizes every number and colour submitted! Also, remember to  submit your statistics even if you are administering Personality Dimensions® Online . Remember that the assessment component isn’t the final word on an individual’s primary colour, especially if scores are close; clarification also comes from the Brightening Group exercises in a workshop. 
 Until next time, on behalf of  PD Stats Robot  (patent still pending) please remember to be kind, and stay safe in these challenging times. 
 Posted on  August 11, 2020  by  CLSR Posted in  News Tagged  4 Colors ,  4 Colours ,  Authentic Blue ,  Career Dimensions ,  Career/LifeSkills Resources Inc. ,  Certified Trainer ,  CLSR ,  CLSR Inc. ,  CLSRassessments ,  clsrassessments.com ,  Colors Personality Test ,  Colors Test ,  Communication ,  Four Colors ,  Four Colours ,  Inquiring Green ,  Introversion/Extraversion ,  Organized Gold ,  PD for Youth ,  Personality ,  Personality Assessment ,  Personality Dimensions ,  Personality Temperament ,  Personality Test ,  Personality Type ,  Professional Development ,  Resourceful Orange ,  Temperament ,  Temperament for Youth ,  Training .  Leave a comment 
 Personality Dimensions® Statistics 
 This year we told The  PD Stats Robot  (patent still pending) that he couldn't go on his vacation until he published the yearly Personality Dimensions® statistics. Working diligently with his eye on the prize, he churned out this year's report. 
 Once again The  PD Stats Robot  and the rest of the staff at  CLSR Inc.  would like to thank all of the  Certified Trainers  who took the time to send in their workshop statistics over the past year. Collecting workshop statistics allows us to do further research on the reliability and validity of Personality Dimensions®. If you look at the Primary Colour Breakdowns over the past 14 years, you will notice very little change with them over time; In fact, there is no change from last year and the year before in the percentage breakdowns. How's that for reliability?!?! Full statistics for the Canadian market, including this year’s, are published every year in July and are posted at:  http://www.personalitydimensions.com/published-statistics 
 Collecting workshop statistics also helps us in creating new products. For example, the job categories found in  Career Dimensions™  were taken directly from the statistics reported to us by  Certified Trainers . Your statistics also helped us in developing the recently released PD for Youth Online™, and PD Basics Online. 
 We ask that every time you conduct an Introductory or Application Session,  even if you had your clients take the assessment online  , that you keep track of your participants’  Primary Colour Preference  , and  Introversion/Extraversion  preference. You can find a form on the USB included with your Building Blocks/Manual to do this. Statistics can then be faxed to 905-760-0113, or emailed to  stats@clsr.ca . You can also submit your statistics through the web at:  http://www.personalitydimensions.com/submit-your-statistics . 
 Once received at our office, our  PD Stats Robot  (patent still pending) diligently processes and categorizes every number and colour submitted! Also, remember to  submit your statistics even if you are administering Personality Dimensions® Online . Remember that the assessment component isn’t the final word on an individual’s primary colour, especially if scores are close; clarification also comes from the Brightening Group exercises in a workshop. 
 Until next time, join us in wishing  PD Stats Robot  (patent still pending) safe travels and a relaxing vacation. 
 Posted on  July 9, 2019  by  CLSR Posted in  News Tagged  4 Colors ,  4 Colours ,  Authentic Blue ,  Career Dimensions ,  Career/LifeSkills Resources Inc. ,  Certified Trainer ,  CLSR ,  CLSR Inc. ,  CLSRassessments ,  clsrassessments.com ,  Colors Personality Test ,  Colors Test ,  Communication ,  Four Colors ,  Four Colours ,  Inquiring Green ,  Introversion/Extraversion ,  Organized Gold ,  PD for Youth ,  Personality ,  Personality Assessment ,  Personality Dimensions ,  Personality Temperament ,  Personality Test ,  Personality Type ,  Professional Development ,  Resourceful Orange ,  Temperament ,  Temperament for Youth ,  Training .  Leave a comment 
 Personality Dimensions® Statistics 
 PD Stats Robot (Patent Pending) 
 The  PD Stats Robot  (patent still pending) got out of his storage closet… I mean office… and took an early vacation before crunching a year’s worth of Personality Dimensions® workshop statistics, so this year's published statistics are a little later than usual. The  PD Stats Robot  and the rest of the staff at  CLSR Inc.  would like to thank all of the  Certified Trainers  who took the time to send in their workshop statistics over the past year. Collecting workshop statistics allows us to do further research on the reliability and validity of Personality Dimensions®. If you look at the Primary Colour Breakdowns over the past 13 years, you will notice very little change with them over time; In fact, there is no change over last year's percentage breakdowns. Full statistics for the Canadian market, including this year’s are published every year in July and are posted at:  http://www.personalitydimensions.com/published-statistics 
 Collecting workshop statistics also helps us in creating new products. For example, the job categories found in  Career Dimensions™  were taken directly from the statistics reported to us by  Certified Trainers . Your statistics also helped us in developing the upcoming PD for Youth Online™, and a few other things that will be announced in the coming months. 
 We ask that every time you conduct an Introductory or Application Session,  even if you had your clients take the assessment online  , that your keep track of your participants’  Primary Colour Preference  , and  Introversion/Extraversion  preference. You can find a form on the disk included with your Building Blocks/Manual to do this. Statistics can then be faxed in to 905-760-0113, or emailed to  stats@clsr.ca . You can also submit your statistics through the web at:  http://www.personalitydimensions.com/submit-your-statistics . 
 Once received at our office, our  PD Stats Robot  (patent still pending) diligently processes and categorizes every number and colour submitted! Also remember to  submit your statistics even if you are administering Personality Dimensions® Online . Remember that the assessment component isn’t the final word on an individual’s primary colour, especially if scores are close; clarification also comes from the Brightening Group exercises in a workshop. 
 Posted on  August 14, 2018August 14, 2018  by  CLSR Posted in  News Tagged  4 Colors ,  4 Colours ,  Authentic Blue ,  Career Dimensions ,  Career/LifeSkills Resources Inc. ,  Certified Trainer ,  CLSR ,  CLSR Inc. ,  CLSRassessments ,  clsrassessments.com ,  Colors Personality Test ,  Colors Test ,  Four Colors ,  Four Colours ,  Inquiring Green ,  Introversion/Extraversion ,  Organized Gold ,  PD for Youth ,  Personality ,  Personality Assessment ,  Personality Dimensions ,  Personality Temperament ,  Personality Test ,  Personality Type ,  Resourceful Orange ,  Temperament ,  Temperament for Youth .  Leave a comment 
 Personality Dimensions® - We're More than Personality! 
 Personality Dimensions®  was officially launched 14 years ago, after many years of research and development; but did you know what else helped influence its development over the years?  Personality Dimensions®  is published by  CLSR (Career/LifeSkills Resources Inc)  – a company now located in Aurora, Ontario Canada. We’ve been in Career Development for a long time; our company’s Founder and Director,  Denise Hughes  has been in the industry since 1974. 
 While  Personality Dimensions®  is a great tool to use for Career Development, Career Management, Professional Development; however we recognize that there is no one-size-fits-all approach when it comes to resources. That is why we publish and distribute a variety of different resources for different needs. If you are looking for Assessments, Videos, Curricula, or Workbooks, we’ve got you covered! 
 
 Looking for a career interests assessment for non-verbal clients?  We have that. 
 Need a quantitative abilities/skills measure for an MVA client?  We have that too. 
 Getting youth ready for their first jobs?  Yes! 
 Conducting a workshop for adult job-seekers?  We can save you time. 
 Helping clients prepare for interviews?  We have current videos for that. 
 
 Molly Hughes, Office Dog, and Head of Human Resources. 
 Have a look at  www.clsr.ca  to see the variety of resources we carry. Got any questions? Give us a call at 1-877-680-0200. While you’re at it, check out our blog on Career Development Resources  http://clsresrources.wordpress.com . If you find yourself in the area, drop by to see what we’ve got, and spend some time with the office dog, Molly. 
 Posted on  March 21, 2018March 21, 2018  by  CLSR Posted in  Did you know? Tagged  Assessments ,  canada ,  Career Building ,  career development ,  career management ,  Career/LifeSkills Resources Inc. ,  CLSR ,  Curricula ,  Human Resources ,  job seekers ,  MVA assessment ,  office dog ,  Personality Test ,  Videos ,  Workbooks .  Leave a comment 
 Personality Dimensions® - The School Bell Rings and The Kids are Off! 
 September starts off with a bang as parents juggle school schedules, organized programs and finding valuable family time – not to mention dealing with how each of their offspring react to these changes. And often the parents we meet have no idea how helpful it can be to understand their kid’s temperament at this crucial time of the year. 
 To help parents, we have listened to kids’ conversations, observed kids over the years and even asked our own panel of students (a.k.a. our grandchildren) how they approach September. Here’s hoping this will help! 
 Our  Resourceful Oranges  may be feeling the crunch –– they realize the freedom of summer holidays is over. Fall routines kick in fast and may serve to make these usually high energy  Resourceful Orange  kids feel stifled. They sometimes risk breaking the rules that seem so difficult to follow and a little overwhelming to our adventurers, although they may tell their parents they were simply bending the rules a little! Their spontaneous, in-the-moment way of acting can be very infectious and other kids may join in the fun, so making new friends, while continuing to hang out with old friends, comes as second nature to these children. They will tell you how great a class is when it includes group work, entertaining activities, little sitting in one place and lots of hands-on “doing.” Keeping these energetic  Resourceful Oranges  active after school can be a handful for some parents, who have told us that the secret is to get them involved in sports, drama, or music once the school day is done, and if there is a competition involved, all the better for these kids who want to win! 
 Who loves to learn?  Inquiring Greens  of course!! However, they can be their own worse enemy when it comes to submitting school work that they deem to be imperfect. This is especially true if it’s in a subject that they have an intense interest in and they think that their work could be better if only they had more time. Appearing incompetent stresses them out, yet so does feeling unchallenged by the work. While they may at first seem very serious to other kids, these  Inquiring Greens  may have a wry sense of humour and can often make others laugh with their witty remarks, albeit sometimes not without a little sarcasm thrown in for good measure. An appealing class setting for these logical, objective kids includes one that meets their high expectations, especially the teacher! Being allowed to work independently, and on materials of their own choosing, excites these kids, although group work with classmates who can discuss the issues intelligently can be inspirational too. After school activities for these kids often includes exploring ideas and subjects of interest to them, perhaps alone, or with a small circle of close friends who enjoy the same things. 
 What about our  Organized Golds ? Getting back to routines, schedules and feeling a part of the school community makes them happy! They may be a little apprehensive though, if it means attending a new school and having to make new friends this year. These kids usually respect their teachers, especially if there is a set of rules for them to follow and everyone is treated fairly. Their idea of a wonderful classroom experience will also include a teacher who not only is in control of the class but also provides clear directions to follow so that the  Organized Golds  can get their work done quickly and efficiently. They generally enjoy working in groups, if all members stay on task and complete their portions according to the rules.  Organized Golds  often create a pro-and-con list to logically and objectively make decisions. Once they do so, they may then create a list and set priorities to get everything done efficiently and on time, if not early. After school activities for the competitive  Organized Golds  may include team sports or school bands and they like coming home to their own neat, tidy room. 
 Finally, our  Authentic Blues  look forward to meeting up with their friends once again and catching up with everyone about their summer. They will worry about being put into a different class than their friends and certainly will not like any kind of conflict in the classroom, often choosing to uphold the underdog in any stand off. They may in fact help mediate any issues just to “keep the peace.” The one thing they don’t particularly enjoy is competition; they don’t understand the necessity of winners and losers. What makes these artistic, non-conformists happiest in a classroom? First, they appreciate a teacher who is personable, inclusive and caring; secondly, a comfortable, warm, inviting, attractive environment where they can work in groups and socialize. If allowed to use their imagination and creativity they will work hard for their teacher and for their grades. These are the kids who don’t just look at the mark on the report card, but hang on every word the teachers say about them and their work. For the  Authentic Blues  after school activities must include people they enjoy being around; it may not be so much about what they do, but who is with them. 
 Kate and Wayne, authors of  Great Parenting Skills for Navigating your Kid’s Personality  are partners in life who enjoy collaborating on professional projects like writing books and running workshops! Kate Jones, B.A. (Psychology/English), M.Ed. is an accomplished speaker, facilitator, coach, and author, specializing in temperament, and now, in positivity. She worked both in the educational and human resources sectors before launching her own business over a decade ago. Wayne Jones, M.Ed. is an experienced educator, having taught students from kindergarten through secondary school, as well as adult education. He has been a classroom teacher, department head, Principal, and a faculty advisor with Nipissing University. They can be reached through their website  http://skills4people.com/ 
 Special Bonus 
 As a bonus to the Personality Dimensions® In Action blog readers and subscribers,  Career/LifeSkills Resources Inc.  is offering a 25% discount off the retail price of  Great Parenting Skills for Navigating your Kid’s Personality  until the end of September. Buy one for yourself, or give one as a gift to friends with kids! Use coupon code “backtoschool” when checking out at  www.clsr.ca  or call 1-877-680-0200 to place your order today! 
 Posted on  September 14, 2017  by  CLSR Posted in  PD In Action Guest Blog Series Tagged  4 Colors ,  4 Colours ,  Authentic Blue ,  Career/LifeSkills Resources Inc. ,  Four Colors ,  Four Colours ,  Great Parenting Skills ,  Inquiring Green ,  Kate Jones ,  Organized Gold ,  Personal Strengths ,  Personality ,  Personality Assessment ,  Personality Dimensions ,  Personality Test ,  Personality Type ,  Relationships ,  Resourceful Orange ,  Temperament ,  Temperament for Youth ,  Wayne Jones .  1 Comment 
 Personality Dimensions® - Winning Workshop Strategies 
 I have been going through a number of the support materials for Personality Dimensions® lately. Many are, or will soon be, under revision and as they come up for revision you will also see that instead of being in traditional print editions that the latest editions will be produced on USB drives. 
 It’s been an interesting exercise and I’ve been reacquainting myself with many of the products. One that I am currently revisiting is  Winning Workshop Strategies . This collection of exercises, strategies and techniques, and the accompanying actual group feedback information is powerful. The content makes a strong contribution to the Personality Dimensions® model and is tremendously valuable, especially if you are working with smaller groups. When we published **_ Winning Workshop Strategies  _**we intended it to be a natural extension of the basic materials covered in  Building Blocks . 
 I’m just flipping through the appendices and seeing the notes in sections such as  Team Building/Conflict Management  (Strengths We Bring to a Team; Potential Team Work Weaknesses; Sources of Conflict; Preventions or Solutions);  Conflict Resolution  (Sources of Conflict; Behaviours/Responses; Needs/Solutions);  Capitalizing On Differences  (Getting Cooperation; Rewarding Performance);  Lesser Known Qualities or Traits  ; and the  Identifying the Person at Risk  (Feeling Good; Feeling Bad) charts all provide a wealth of great information for strengthening the development of your clients’ Personality Radar – and work toward greater understanding of and respect for everyone else. And I haven’t touched on all the other materials in this handy little resource. 
 If you’re looking for some great ideas for techniques and exercises for your Personality Dimensions® workshops I highly recommend that you take a look at Winning Workshop Strategies. In fact, I’m so enthusiastic about this book that I’ve authorized a special sale of it at $26.00 per copy* (plus taxes and shipping). The regular price is $40.00 so that’s a 35% discount – from now until September 15th, 2017, while quantities of the print edition last! Enjoy your summer! 
 Onward and upward from the back office … Denise 
 Denise Hughes is the Director and owner of  Career/LifeSkills Resources Inc . and general editor of Personality Dimensions® materials and products. She just noticed the calendar and realized it is just past the 41st anniversary of her introduction to career and type and temperament materials. Those experiences and the expertise she gained through her years with the Guidance Centre, University of Toronto, and now with CLSR, continue to shape the direction that both Career/LifeSkills Resources and Personality Dimensions® take. 
 *Please note, this offer is available for orders placed with Career/LifeSkills Resources Inc. in Canada only. Pricing and offers may vary with local distributors. 
 Posted on  August 1, 2017August 1, 2017  by  CLSR Posted in  Musings from the Back office Tagged  4 Colors ,  4 Colours ,  Authentic Blue ,  Career/LifeSkills Resources Inc. ,  Certified Trainer ,  Colors Personality Test ,  Colors Test ,  Colours Test ,  Conflict Management ,  Conflict Resolution ,  Denise Hughes ,  Four Colors ,  Four Colours ,  Inquiring Green ,  Introversion/Extraversion ,  Lynda McKim ,  Organized Gold ,  Personality ,  Personality Assessment ,  Personality Dimensions ,  Personality Temperament ,  Personality Test ,  Personality Type ,  Resourceful Orange ,  Team Building ,  Temperament ,  Winning Workshop Strategies .  1 Comment 
 Personality Dimensions® Statistics 
 PD Stats Robot (Patent Still Pending) 
 It’s that time of year again when the  PD Stats Robot  (patent still pending) finally gets to take a  short  rest after crunching a year’s worth of Personality Dimensions® workshop statistics. The  PD Stats Robot  and the rest of the staff at  Career/LifeSkills Resources Inc. would like to thank all of the  Certified Trainers  who took the time to send in their workshop statistics over the past year. Collecting workshop statistics allows us to do further research on the reliability and validity of Personality Dimensions®. If you look at the Primary Colour Breakdowns over the past 12 years, you will notice very little change with them over time. Full statistics for the Canadian market, including this year’s are published every year in July and are posted at:  http://www.personalitydimensions.com/published-statistics 
 Collecting workshop statistics also helps us in creating new products. For example, the job categories found in  Career Dimensions™  were taken directly from the statistics reported to us by  Certified Trainers . Your statistics also helped us in developing  PD for Youth™ . 
 We ask that every time you conduct an Introductory or Application Session that your keep track of your participants’  Primary Colour Preference  , and  Introversion/Extraversion  preference. You can find a form on the disk included with your Building Blocks/Manual to do this. Statistics can then be faxed in to 905-760-0113, or emailed to  stats@clsr.ca . You can also submit your statistics through the web at:  http://www.personalitydimensions.com/submit-your-statistics . 
 Once received at our office, our  PD Stats Robot  (patent still pending) diligently processes and categorizes every number and colour submitted! Also remember to  submit your statistics even if you are administering Personality Dimensions® Online . Remember that the assessment component isn’t the final word on an individual’s primary colour, especially if scores are close; clarification also comes from the Brightening Group exercises in a workshop. 
 Posted on  July 18, 2017  by  CLSR Posted in  News Tagged  4 Colors ,  4 Colours ,  Authentic Blue ,  Career/LifeSkills Resources Inc. ,  Certified Trainer ,  CLSR ,  CLSRassessments ,  Colors Personality Test ,  Colors Test ,  Four Colors ,  Four Colours ,  Inquiring Green ,  Introversion/Extraversion ,  Organized Gold ,  PD for Youth ,  Personality ,  Personality Assessment ,  Personality Dimensions ,  Personality Temperament ,  Personality Test ,  Personality Type ,  Resourceful Orange ,  Temperament ,  Temperament for Youth .  1 Comment 
 Personality Dimensions® - No Hot Pets Pledge 
 If anyone has visited us at the  Career/LifeSkills office in Aurora , you may have met our unofficial mascot, Molly. She convinced us to take the  #NoHotPets  pledge, and invite anyone who brings their furry friends along to pickup their order, to please bring them inside. Molly is an  Authentic Blue  (with a high secondary  Organized Gold  - don't mess with her schedule!) and cares deeply about her fellow furry creatures in this weather. 
 
 Posted on  July 6, 2017  by  CLSR Posted in  News Tagged  #NoHotPets ,  Authentic Blue ,  Career/LifeSkills Resources Inc. ,  Inquiring Green ,  Organized Gold ,  Personality ,  Personality Dimensions ,  Personality Temperament ,  Personality Test ,  Resourceful Orange ,  Temperament .  2 Comments 
 Personality Dimensions® – Meet the Master Trainers 
 Continuing in our series of introducing our Master Trainers, it’s truly a great pleasure for me to introduce Dr. Roberta Neault. I’ve known Roberta for so long now that it’s hard for me to remember a time when we weren’t working on, or refining, some project or other. She’s a soft-spoken but powerful and extremely effective force in shaping career development in Canada and been recognized and awarded for her commitment nationally and internationally. It’s actually very difficult to keep track of Roberta. When I send her an e-mail I never know from what part of the globe she will respond! For me it’s been a tremendous pleasure and privilege to know and work with Roberta. Most recently we had a few brief moments of catch-up time while registering at the hotel for the  Cannexus  conference – and in truly wonderful  Authentic Blue  fashion she greeted me with a great warm, open smile and a hug. 
 Roberta’s been involved with Personality Dimensions® from long before we actually published any of the materials and I am very grateful to her for sharing her expertise with all of us and her commitment to Personality Dimensions®. If you ever get the chance to hear Roberta at a conference or have a cup of coffee with her count it as a real privilege, I know that I do. 
 In her own words … 
 "It’s interesting to reflect on my history with Personality Dimensions® – I can recall providing feedback on some of the earliest materials before the tool was even officially launched. Then there was a transitional period when I had training booked for True Colors Level 1 and 2 and had to sort out what to do when I knew that Personality Dimensions® was almost ready to go public. We gave those participants “two for the price of one” and certified them in both models at the same time - that took a lot of binders! I then provided Bridging training for hundreds, perhaps over a thousand, True Colors trainers to equip them to transition to the new tools. Our Level 2 trainees have come from the UK, the US, and all parts of Canada and I’ve facilitated Personality Dimensions® workshops with clients from throughout Asia, South and Central America, North America, Europe, and Africa – it resonates with groups of diverse ages, ethnicities, and cultural backgrounds. 
 I’ve had the privilege of expanding the Personality Dimensions® suite of resources by writing and/or co-authoring most of the  Personality Dimensions® Toolkits for Trainers , working on the  Retirement Dimensions  tool and toolkit, and co-developing the  Level 1 Online Training  with  Dr. Deirdre Pickerell  and the support of our team at Life Strategies Ltd. One of the most challenging projects was developing PD Basics as it was intended to be useful for two very distinct audiences – English language learners and individuals with low literacy. We had to ensure that the language was clear and simple but not insulting, suitable for adults who might  speak  English fluently but struggle with  reading  but also for adults who might be very well educated but struggle to  understand  English. We also wanted the tool to be useful in a mixed group, not singling out individuals who would have struggled with the regular package but seamlessly equipping them to keep up with the assessment activities. The PD Basics materials have achieved all of those goals! 
 I’ve been especially impressed with the publishers,  Career/LifeSkills Resources  – they have been so open to feedback, supportive of extending the suite of resources, and responsive to trainers’ needs. I also appreciate the enthusiasm of the family of Personality Dimensions® trainers. I recall attending a conference in the Maritime region where one exhibitor was eagerly introducing me to the Personality Dimensions® products at her table and all of the benefits of using Personality Dimensions® until she suddenly noticed that my name tag matched the author’s name for most of the books on her table! 
 I’ve used Personality Dimensions® in a variety of settings but one of my most memorable moments was with a group of hospice volunteers. As you’d expect, many of them had strong preferences for  Authentic Blue  and, of course, kept trying to engage their dying residents and family members in the types of creative activities that Authentic Blues tend to love. They were frustrated by the lack of interest and appreciation that they were getting from some people – what an “aha moment” when they recognized that not everyone wants to spend their final days scrapbooking or telling stories! Personality Dimensions® is SUCH a wonderful tool for helping us to recognize and celebrate both similarities AND differences!" 
 Credentials  : Canadian Certified Counsellor, Certified Career Development Practitioner, Global Career Development Facilitator – Instructor, Personality Dimensions Master Trainer 
 Degrees  : PhD (Educational Psychology), MA (Counselling Psychology), BEd (Special Education / Psychology) 
 You can reach Roberta through the Life Strategies website:  www.lifestrategies.ca , at  roberta@lifestrategies.ca  or the Life Strategies office: 604-856-2386 Follow her on Twitter:  @RobertaNeault 
 Posted on  May 2, 2017May 2, 2017  by  CLSR Posted in  Did you know? Tagged  Authentic Blue ,  Career/LifeSkills Resources Inc. ,  Deirdre Pickerell ,  Denise Hughes ,  Emotional Intelligence ,  Four Colors ,  Four Colours ,  Human Development ,  Inquiring Green ,  Introversion/Extraversion ,  Life Strategies ,  Organized Gold ,  Personality ,  Personality Assessment ,  Personality Temperament ,  Personality Test ,  Personality Type ,  Resourceful Orange ,  Roberta Neault ,  Temperament ,  Training ,  True Colors ,  Work/Life Balance .  Leave a comment 
 Personality Dimensions® - It's World Creativity and Innovation Week 
 Did you know that World Creativity and Innovation Week is April 15th to April 21st? 
 Wouldn’t it be great if everyone felt the strength, and the social and emotional support to navigate life’s challenges? 
 World Creativity and Innovation Week (WCIW)  April 15 - 21 and World Creativity and Innovation Day, April 21 (WCID) reminds us to make solving problems in new ways an annual event. 
 The overall purpose is to encourage and remind people to use their creativity (generating new ideas, making new decisions, taking new actions and achieving new outcomes) for innovation that makes the world a better place and makes their place in the world better too. 
 WCIW/D promotes taking the time to inspire new action, create novel ideas, make new decisions; to solve problems in new ways, using a new pair of eyes. It provides time to educate, engage, celebrate and open doors that help people experience freedom from suffering and open up to new worlds of what's possible. 
 Since its founding as World Creativity and Innovation Day, April 21, 2001 in Canada, people in over 50 countries in businesses, schools, associations, organizations, communities and homes have celebrated every year. 
 Source:  http://wciw.org 
 World Creativity and Innovation day founder  Marci Segal  has been a great friend of  Career/LifeSkills Resources , and Personality Dimensions®; her work and ideas have either directly or indirectly influenced what we do. Last year, Marci shared with us an article on  how the four Personality Dimensions® influence creativity.  It's a great resource that is definitely worth checking out if you haven’t had the chance yet. 
 This year, we are pleased to share that On April 20, 2017, 10:00 am eastern, I. Rhonda King, Permanent Representative/Ambassador to the United Nations from St. Vincent and the Grenadines will read a UN resolution on the floor of the General Assembly to include World Creativity and Innovation Day, April 21, among the UN Days of Observance which includes Earth Day, Water Day, World Humanitarian Day, and the like. 
 The great news is that it will be webcast Thursday, April 20, 2017, at 10:00 Eastern Time on  UNWebTv . The staff here will be gathering together to watch; we’re not quite sure how to make that happen yet, but I’m confident we’ll come up with a creative solution! 
 Find out more on World Creativity and Innovation Week at  http://wciw.org . Follow Marci on twitter  @marcisegal . 
 Posted on  April 18, 2017  by  CLSR Posted in  Did you know? Tagged  Authentic Blue ,  Career/LifeSkills Resources Inc. ,  Communication ,  Creativity ,  Creativity and Innovation ,  Human Development ,  Innovation ,  Inquiring Green ,  Marci Segal ,  Organized Gold ,  Personal Strengths ,  Personality ,  Personality Assessment ,  Personality Dimensions ,  Personality Temperament ,  Personality Test ,  Personality Type ,  Resourceful Orange ,  Temperament ,  Training ,  Workplace .  1 Comment 
 Posts navigation 
 Older posts 
 Subscribe to Personality Dimensions! 
 Enter your email address to follow Personality Dimensions and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Subscribe 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Happy Holidays 
 Professional Development for Personality Dimensions Trainers 
 Introverts and Extraverts Come in the Same Four Delicious Varieties 
 Personality Dimensions® Statistics 
 Introverts and Extraverts Come in the Same Four Delicious Varieties 
 
 Archives 
 
 December 2020 
 September 2020 
 August 2020 
 June 2020 
 May 2020 
 March 2020 
 August 2019 
 July 2019 
 June 2019 
 March 2019 
 February 2019 
 January 2019 
 December 2018 
 November 2018 
 October 2018 
 September 2018 
 August 2018 
 July 2018 
 June 2018 
 May 2018 
 April 2018 
 March 2018 
 December 2017 
 October 2017 
 September 2017 
 August 2017 
 July 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 July 2014 
 
 Search 
 Search for: 
 Categories 
 
 Coming Soon 
 Did you know? 
 Musings from the Back office 
 News 
 PD In Action Guest Blog Series 
 Product Update 
 Uncategorized 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
  Personality Dimensions In Action  
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
