     For Employers     For Job Seekers  
 Log In   Join    Join  
 6 Tips to Improve Your Industrial Job Postings 
 Are your postings for industrial job openings not getting the number of applications you need to continue to run your operations fully staffed? Are many of the candidates that you are receiving those who don't have the qualifications or the drive you're looking for? You're not alone. Many companies are having a hard time attracting strong, qualified candidates to their job listings for industrial and supply chain roles. 
 The issue is not that all the good workers are taken. The root cause may be your job postings themselves. Here are six tips on how to effectively write job descriptions that attract the best applicants in the industrial sector. **** 
 **** 
 1. Be Upfront About the Downsides of the Role 
 It may sound counter-intuitive to be honest about a job's downsides--but it's important! If a role requires long hours, early mornings, or late nights, you should let applicants know ahead of time. Tell them about challenging working conditions and hot or cold environments. Your applicants are eventually going to find these details out anyway and decide if they're going to stop them from taking the job. 
 You want candidates that truly understand the work  and are up for any challenges that come with it. When you're transparent, you ensure that you won't get your hopes up about a candidate only to see them drop out later on in the interview process--or, worse yet, take a job only to quit shortly after. 
 Just like you don't want applicants who lie about their qualifications and brush over their shortcomings, an applicant wants an employer who's upfront in their job description. Just make sure you balance the negative aspects of the job with the positives, of course. 
 
 2. Include a Transparent View of the Compensation Package 
 Another area where you should be transparent is the compensation package. Let candidates know the pay and benefits from the very beginning. Job descriptions that list the pay tend to get more applicants. In fact,  studies have shown  that job seekers first look at a listing's wage range, and they consider it the most important aspect of a job description. 
 Once again, an applicant is going to find out about the pay eventually. If you disclose this information early, you will be more likely to get applicants that are actually interested in your job and remain in the process the entire time. You'll ensure applicants will have reasonable expectations about compensation and benefits before they show up. 
 
 3. Outline What Tools and Technology Will Be Used on the Job 
 Of course, the majority of the information in a job description should be about the day-to-day responsibilities of the candidate. But it's important that you aren't just explaining  what  a candidate will do, but also  how  they accomplish. Be specific about what technology and equipment an applicant should be familiar with. This helps you find applicants who are specifically qualified to your particular processes and machinery. 
 Using certain tools as keywords will also help more candidates actually see your listing. When someone is searching with equipment names in their job hunt, they'll find your job description. 
 Quantifiable information can also be helpful. For example, if a role requires using a certain technology about 50% of the time, say exactly that. It helps manage employee expectations. 
 
 4. Specify What Pre-Employment Screenings Candidates Will Be Subject To 
 Most applicants know that they may be subject to some type of pre-employment screening. But there are many ways this can happen. It's important to be specific about what kind of screenings applicants can expect. For example, if the drug test will include cannabis, this is worth mentioning. 
 Let candidates know if they will be subject to a background check and whether or not the results of this step are considered with any flexibility. Again, being upfront about these steps in the process builds trust, while weeding out those candidates who would not have become employees anyway. 
 
 5. Paint a Picture of Growth Potential 
 Your job description shouldn't just showcase the opportunities an employee will have right away at your company. It should also forecast what an employee's future could look like. This is especially important if you're advertising an entry-level role. Inform candidates about what types of promotions or growth opportunities your company may be able to offer them over time. 
 Mentioning growth potential in a job description shows that you value employee retention. It demonstrated that you're looking for someone who can be a long-term asset to your company, not just a temporary addition to the team. You'll attract highly-motivated candidates that will push your company forward. 
 
 6. Highlight What Makes Your Company or Facility Unique 
 A job is about so much more than just the day-to-day duties and even compensation. Company culture is a huge reason why people stay at their jobs. Because of this, it's important to give applicants a snapshot of your company culture in your job listing. Highlight the mission behind why your company exists, how it gives back the community, and any other differentiating qualities. 
 A job description is a totally appropriate place to brag about the unique features of your facility. Let applicants know about the policies and opportunities that separate your business from your competition. Does your business have special employee or family get-togethers? It's worth mentioning these details in these job descriptions. 
 If you're not sure what type of information to include, you can always talk to your current employees. Ask them what they enjoy about working at the company and include this information in the description. 
 
 Find the Best Candidates with WorkStep 
 There aren't any guarantees when it comes to industrial hiring, but these tips will definitely improve your job descriptions. 
 If you could use an extra tool to connect with talent, try out WorkStep's hiring platform. Our extensive talent network helps you find candidates that would be the perfect match for your company. To learn more, connect with us today! 
 About Us   Careers   Blog   Terms   Privacy 
