the career guide 
 
 About 
 Contact Us 
 Top Comanies Hiring 
 
 Just another WordPress.com site 
 Archive for the 'Six-Figure Jobs in High Demand' Category 
 Six-Figure Jobs in High Demand - Yahoo most popular careers … 
 All six-figure jobs were NOT created equal. 
 Not only do some require more education and experience than others, some are just more in demand than others. So, if you want to increase your chances of landing a six-figure job, it helps to know which ones have the most positions available. 
 Finance-related jobs accounted for more than half of the top 25 jobs with the most openings that paid over $100,000, according to research by  Monster.com.  That's everything from a finance manager to an internal audit supervisor and an accounting director. 
 There's still a lot of competition for those jobs, though:  Indeed.com  estimates that for every online job listing in financial services and banking, 30 people click on it. For accounting jobs, that number rises to 34. Health care and information technology had the least clicks per post, while media and construction had the most. 
 
 So, where are the best opportunities? Here are eight of the top six-figure jobs that have the most openings -- and who's hiring. 
 Finance Manager 
 Finance-related positions dominate Monster.com's list of the most in-demand six-figure jobs and, of those, finance managers are near the top of the list. 
 The good thing about pursuing a career as a finance manager is that nearly every company, government agency or other type of organization requires a finance manager -- no matter what the economy's doing. That's the person who oversees the preparation of financial reports and handles the cash management and investment activities of the firm. 
 A bachelor's degree is required by most firms -- and many require a master's degree or professional certification. The hours can be long, typically 50 to 60 hours a week, plus some travel. 
 The field is  expected to grow by 8 percent  over the next decade, which is average, according to the Labor Department. Competition is expected to be tough for these jobs, so those with a master's degree are likely to have the edge. 
 Who 's hiring right now?  Ernst & Young, Bank of America and Deloitte are among the firms doing the most hiring for finance managers, according to Indeed.com. 
 Software Engineers 
 Not only are software engineers in demand right now, the field is expected to be one of the fastest growing over the next decade,  rising 32 percent. 
 But let the programmer beware: While computer software engineers, the guys who write software, are projected be in demand in the next 10 years, demand for computer programmers, the guys who write the instructions for a computer to use that software, is expected to shrink 3 percent in that time. 
 The reason? Software engineers will be in demand due to increased computer networking, expanding technologies and the need for more security on those systems, while programmer demand will take a hit from the rise of open-source software and outsourcing. 
 Most software-engineer positions require a bachelor's degree in computer science, software engineering, or mathematics, and many require graduate degrees. 
 Who 's hiring right now?  Microsoft, EMC and Broadcom, according to Indeed.com. 
 Corporate Public Relations Director 
 Demand for public-relations managers is expected to be stronger than average due to an increasingly competitive and global business environment. It is crucial for a firm to have a good relationship with the public their profitability, whether they're publicly traded or not, is dependent on their reputation. 
 Public-relations managers do everything from managing PR campaigns to doing damage control when a negative rumor or story about the company emerges. Some work traditional 40-hour workweeks but most need to be on call 24-7 in case of emergency. 
 Employment for PR specialists is expected to  grow 24 percent  over the next decade, faster than other professions. Being on top of new trends, like social media, is crucial and additional languages are a bonus. 
 Who 's hiring right now?  Kaiser Permanente and AstraZeneca, according to Indeed.com. 
 Investor-Relations Manager 
 Demand for public-relations managers is expected to be stronger than average and that is particularly true for those who specialize in investor relations, communicating the firm's financial information to investors, analysts and the media. Increased regulation and scrutiny in particular will drive the need for skilled investor-relations managers. 
 The qualifications for this job are unique: Not only does the person have to have strong communications skills but also a firm command of financial systems and statements -- and how to explain that in plain English. They also have to be good at crisis management and willing to work long hours, should the stock come under pressure from a rumor or news event. 
 A bachelor's degree is usually required, with a focus on finance, economics and journalism. Being a member of the National Investor Relations Institute is particularly helpful for networking -- they have local chapters in most states. 
 Who 's hiring right now?  Citigroup and Bank of America, according to Indeed.com. 
 Sales Executive 
 As companies dig out from the recession, sales executives are going to be in particular demand because they're the ones that drive growth, bringing in new business and new sources of revenue. 
 Sales executives are the ones that set strategies and goals, and direct their sales reps for the best way to improve their sales performance. You need good people skills for this job but also good analytical skills -- knowing the trends and making sure your team is out front. There's a lot of pressure with a sales executive job because once you set those goals you have to meet and exceed them. The firm is counting on you. 
 Having a bachelor's and/or MBA is helpful, with courses in marketing as well as law, management, economics, accounting, finance, mathematics and statistics helping to provide an extra edge. Most firms tend to promote from within. Advancement is typically quicker at large firms than small ones, according to the Labor Department's outlook for the industry. 
 Who 's hiring right now?  IBM, CSC and ADP, according to Indeed.com. 
 Compensation Analyst 
 A compensation analyst develops salary, bonus and benefits structures, identifies compensation and benefits issues and makes adjustments based on new regulatory requirements. 
 Typically this position requires a bachelor's degree, preferably in mathematics, business administration or human-resources management. 
 Not only is there solid demand for compensation analysts today but the outlook is also strong  for the next decade,  due to health-care reform and globalization. 
 Who 's hiring right now?  KPMG, JPMorgan Chase and Bank of America, according to Indeed.com. 
 Associate Professor 
 The number of tenure-track professors is on the decline as schools increasingly seek flexibility in dealing with compensation issues, making associate professors one of the most in-demand $100k+ jobs on Monster.com. 
 The trend now is toward hiring professors for limited-term contracts, typically 2 to 5 years. Competition is expected to be tough for the tenured positions and often a professor will have to move into a more administrative or managerial role such as department chairperson in order to achieve tenure. Those with a PhD have the best job prospects, according to the Labor Department. 
 Overall, demand for postsecondary teachers is expected to  grow by 15 percent  in the next decade, faster than average, as enrollment is projected to increase -- not just among those 18 to 24 but also adults returning to college to change professions or enhance their prospects in an existing field. Demand is expected to be strongest for professors in fast-growing fields such as business, nursing, biological sciences and other health specialties. 
 Who 's hiring right now?  George Mason, University of Iowa and University of Miami, according to Indeed.com. 
 Company Attorney 
 Globalization and legislative changes are driving the need for more in-house attorneys. 
 Among other issues a corporate attorney has to deal with are patents, contracts, property interests and negotiating with unions. Lawyers typically work long hours, though the hours are slightly less brutal for corporate attorneys. 
 Not only is demand strong now but it's projected to be  strong over the next decade,  according to the Labor Department, amid increased demand for services such as health care, intellectual property, bankruptcy, corporate and security litigation, antitrust law and environmental law. Though, a shift toward using big accounting firms or paralegals for some of these functions will curb demand to some degree. Economic downturns also take a toll as companies are less inclined to pay hefty legal fees. 
 Competition is expected to be tough, so a willingness to relocate is a plus. 
 Who 's hiring right now?  KPMG, Ernst & Young and JPMorgan Chase, according to Indeed.com. 
 
 by  Cindy Perman 
 
 If you are serious about your professional career and want to pass your IT Certification exam in first attempt and don't want to waste your precious time and money then visit  http://www.ComputerTipsnTricks.com/ITcert.htm 
 Category: 
 Career ,  Career - Jobs in 2010 ,  Career Plannig ,  Employment ,  Get Hired ,  Highest Paying Jobs In The U.S. ,  Hiring Trends for 2010 ,  Job-hunting ,  Jobs ,  New Jobs ,  Six-Figure Jobs in High Demand 
 Search: Go! 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Man Arrested After Trying To Build Nuclear Reactor at Home 
 Companies hiring this month 
 Nontraditional Careers Which Pay $100K 
 LinkedIn Roll-outs Switch That allows you to Apply for Job 
 Paid for Doing Nothing: Suspended Office Assistant Kept Getting Checks for 12 Years 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 Nadeem Ahsan on  New Jobs in CANADA - 100… 
 
 
 
 
 
 mohammed khaja pasha on  New Jobs in CANADA - 100… 
 
 
 
 Olivia Hall on  'Job Killing' CEOs:… 
 
 
 
 
 Lockerz free invite  on  Fantastic Formulas for Composi… 
 
 
 Iris Nie on  Can a President Be Reelected W… 
 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 August 2011 
 July 2011 
 June 2011 
 May 2011 
 April 2011 
 March 2011 
 February 2011 
 January 2011 
 December 2010 
 November 2010 
 October 2010 
 September 2010 
 August 2010 
 July 2010 
 June 2010 
 May 2010 
 April 2010 
 March 2010 
 February 2010 
 January 2010 
 December 2009 
 
 Categories 
 
 $20 Per Hour Blogger Company Jobs 
 000 
 000 and Deutsche Bank 5500 Jobs 
 10 awesome employee perks 
 10 Best iPhone and iPad Applications for Job Seekers 
 10 Jobs that Earn $60000 per Year 
 10 Jobs that Pay $50 per Hour 
 10 Jobs that Pay $70000 Per Year 
 10 Salaries That Will Grow in 2010 
 10 Secrets to Getting Promoted 
 10 Surprising Jobs Where Women Are Taking Over 
 10 Things That Will Get You Hired 
 10 Things to Do When You Leave Corporate America 
 10 Things Your Boss Won't Tell You 
 10-Step Plan to Career Change 
 100 Best companies for women 
 100 Best Jobs in America 
 100 Dollar per Hour - Paid Jobs 
 100 Great Places to Find Real Jobs 
 11 Hot Fields for Hiring in 2011 
 11 Ways to Find Women-Friendly Employers 
 11 Ways to Hurt Your Career 
 12 Money-Making Certificates 
 12 Traits of a great boss 
 13 Ways to Be a Better Co-Worker 
 15 Jobs That Pay $50 An Hour 
 15 Most Hated Companies in America 
 15 Things Not to Say to Your Boss 
 20 High Paying Jobs Salaries That Don't Require Degrees 
 20 Jobs That Pay $25 per Hour 
 20 Ways to Manage Your Boss 
 2010-11 Working Mother 100 Best Companies 
 2011 Employment and Salary Outlook 
 2020 Workplace Will Work For You 
 23 ways for teens to make money 
 25 Highest Annual Salaries in Government 
 25 Jobs that Pay $25-an-Hour 
 25 Top-Paying Companies 
 27 Million Americans Work This Way 
 30+ Websites to Visit When You are Laid Off 
 40 things you wish you could say to your boss 
 600000 Holiday Jobs 
 600000 Holiday Jobs: 40 Percent Could Become Permanent 
 7 Basic Things You Won't Believe You're All Doing Wrong 
 7 Industries in Need of Workers Now 
 7 Jobs That Earn $60000 per Year 
 7 Jobs That Make It Worth Skipping College 
 7 Spectacular Career Comebacks 
 7 Things Your Boss Should Never Say to You 
 7 Tricks to Improve Your Memory 
 8 Jobs with High Average Starting Salaries 
 America's 15 Most Popular Jobs 
 America's Highest-Paying White-Collar Jobs 
 America's Most Popular Jobs 
 America's Most Surprising Six-Figure Jobs 
 America's Top and Best Jobs 
 and LinkedIn Worth 
 Apply Now for Employment 
 Apply Now for New Jobs in this Month 
 Are Jobs for Tobacco Users Going Up in Smoke? 
 Are You a Dragon (Yin) or a Tiger (Yang)? 
 Army Jobs 
 ATT Hiring 3 
 Avoid Sabotaging Your Personal Brand Online 
 Bank of America Hiring 
 Before and After: An Inner Self Makeover 
 Best and worst cities for jobs 
 Best Retirement Jobs 
 Best-Paying Jobs For College Graduates 
 Best-paying Jobs for Women 
 Biggest CEO Bonuses for 2010 
 Blue Collar Jobs 
 Bosses Sometimes Make the Wrong Call 
 Building Your Career Portfolio 
 Business 
 Business Mistakes 
 Career 
 Career - Job's Do's and Don'ts 
 Career - Jobs in 2010 
 Career Assessment Do's and Don'ts 
 Career Change 
 Career Change Mistakes to Avoid 
 Career Networking 
 Career Networking FAQs 
 Career Plannig 
 Careers That Can Double Your Pay 
 Careers that Earn You $40 per Hour 
 Common Resume Blunders 
 companies are in search of employees 
 Companies Hiring for the Holidays 
 Companies hiring in December 2010 
 Companies Hiring in November 
 Companies Hiring This Month 
 Companies to Watch in 2011 
 Computer and Information Technology Jobs 
 CV / Resume Tips 
 Deadly Sins of Job-Hunting 
 Dealing with a Bad Boss 
 Dealing With Non-Compete Clauses and Agreements 
 Dealing With Office Politics 
 Dream Job 
 Dream Jobs 
 Dream Jobs: Six-Figure Salaries and a Bright Future 
 Earn $30 or More an Hour 
 Earn That 
 Elevator Speeches 
 Ellen Helps Sheri Get the Job 
 Employment 
 Engineering Jobs 
 Enrichment with a purpose 
 Entry-Level Job Opportunities 
 Exciting Jobs That Pay $40K And Up 
 Expert Tips to Increase Your Salary 
 Facebook 
 Facebook Says It’s NOT Shutting Down 
 Fastest Growing Careers 
 Fight Ageism Job Seekers: Older is Wiser 
 Fighting the Overqualified Label 
 Find a Job in One Day 
 Finding Employment on the Internet 
 Fired to Hired – Layoff to Payoff 
 Five Biggest Resume Lies Exposed 
 Formula for Finding 
 FORTUNE's 100 Best Companies to Work for 2011 
 Foundation for a New Job 
 Four Reasons You May Not Be Getting the Job 
 Free Websites for Learning and Teaching 
 Future Jobs 
 GE to hire 3 
 GE to hire 3000 techies in India 
 Get Hired 
 GM and GE Add Thousands of Jobs 
 Google Movie 
 Google Zeitgeist 2010 - Chatroulette Beats All 
 Government Jobs vs. Private Jobs 
 High Average Starting Salaries 
 Highest Paying Jobs 
 Highest Paying Jobs In The U.S. 
 Highest Paying Trades 
 Hiring Trends for 2010 
 Hiring Trends for 2011 
 Holiday Hot Jobs 
 Home Depot to Employ 60000 
 How to argue with your boss and win 
 How to Avoid Job Scams and Schemes 
 How to Be a Millionaire by Age 25 
 How to deal with a brutal boss 
 HOW TO Find and Land Freelance Work 
 How to Find Unadvertised Jobs 
 How to Get a Job Before It's Posted 
 How to Get on Your Boss's Radar 
 How To Get The Best Job 
 How to Make Up to $19 per Hour 
 How to make Your Case for a Promotion 
 HOW TO: Optimize Your LinkedIn Profile 
 In-Demand Jobs 
 Industries is Hiring Now 
 Influence Skills in Career Development 
 Interview Questions 
 Job Leads 
 Job Openings 
 Job Strategies 
 Job-hunting 
 Job-hunting - salary negotiation tactics 
 Job-Hunting in Times of Uncertainty 
 Job-Search Mistakes 
 Job-Seeker Tip 
 Job-Seeker Tips 
 Jobs 
 Jobs before they were president of USA 
 Jobs for People Who Want Power 
 Jobs in CANADA 
 Jobs Posted Today 
 Jobs that Pay $90000 
 Jobs Without A Degree 
 Jobs You Can Start Today 
 JPMorganChase To Hire 10 
 Kelli Space Has a $189182.39 Outstanding Student Loan Debt 
 Life Planning 
 LinkedIn 
 LinkedIn Launching Social News Product 
 LinkedIn Tips 
 Make $40K-$60K With An Associate Degree 
 Make the Best of a Bad Economy 
 Making a Lateral Career Move 
 Manage Bad Bosses 
 Mid-Year Career Checkup 
 Million-Dollar Businesses You have Never Heard Of 
 Million-dollar salaries 
 Money-Making Degrees 
 Most Dangerous Jobs 
 Most Secure Jobs for 2010 
 My Unemployed Life 
 Negotiate a higher salary in 2011 
 Networking Buddy System 
 New Guinness World Record for Twitter 
 New Jobs 
 New Jobs in Top Companies 
 New Zodiac Sign Dates: Ophiuchus The 13th Sign? 
 Non 9-to-5 Jobs that Earn $25 plus per Hour 
 Nontraditional Jobs That Pay $100K 
 Now Hiring: 10000 Walmart Jobs 
 Office Work etiuettes 
 Overseas Jobs 
 PARADE'S What People Earn: Celebrity Salaries Revealed 
 Part Time Jobs 
 Performance Review in a Down Economy 
 Physically Active Jobs 
 Pressing Your Recruiter's Hot Button? 
 Reasons of Employers Won't Hire you 
 Recommended reading for positive career changes 
 Recruitment Predictions 
 Red Hod Jobs 
 Resignation 
 Retirement: The New Math of Personal Finance 
 Ride a Bike or Walk to Work 
 Salary Gambits 
 Salary Negotiation Techniques 
 salary negotiations 
 Saying No to Your Boss 
 Scenarios in Which Quitting is Advisable 
 Score a Job Through Twitter 
 Secrets to Getting the Job 
 Seven High-Paying Jobs with Bachelor Degree 
 Side Jobs for Extra Cash 
 Six Subtle Moves That Hold Women Back From Success 
 Six Surprising Six-Figure Jobs 
 Six Top Industries Hiring in 2011 
 Six-Figure Jobs in High Demand 
 Sleuthing Out Hiring Managers 
 So - Um - Like I Really Want This Job - Ya Know? 
 Social Media 
 Social Media Jobs 
 Son of NAFTA Will Cost The US 159000 Jobs 
 Study This 
 Summer Jobs and What They Pay 
 Surprising first jobs of U.S. billionaires 
 t 
 Temporary Jobs and Contract Positions Coming in 2011 
 Ten Highest Paying Jobs In Business 
 Ten Jobs That Pay $80000 Per Year 
 Ten Most Flexible Jobs and What They Pay 
 The 10 Hottest Private Companies in Tech 
 The 50 Best Careers of 2011 
 The Best-Paying Finance Jobs 
 The Five Highest-Paid CEOs 
 The Latest Job Openings and Hiring 
 The World's Coolest Jobs 2011 
 The World's Most Reputable Companies 
 Things That Kill Your Memory and Secret Memory Enhancers 
 Time Management: 44 Key Strategies 
 Tips for lazy workers to get ahead 
 Tips To Become A Better Boss 
 Top 10 Companies Hiring 
 Top 10 Companies Hiring This Week 
 Top 10 Jobs With Parent-Friendly Hours 
 Top 10 Most Dangerous Jobs 
 Top 10 real tips to manage pressure at work (tips by msn) 
 Top 25 Cities for Your Career Boost 
 Top Companies Hiring 
 Top Employers of Veterans 
 Top Five Industries for Salary Growth 
 Top Footballers Earning 
 Top Myths and Realities of Salary Negotiation 
 Top Ten Companies Hiring for Work from Home 
 Twitter 
 Two Suns? Twin Stars Could Be Visible From Earth By 2012 
 Uncategorized 
 Uncovering Unpublicized Job Leads 
 Unemployment Dips - 192K Jobs Added 
 Upcoming Social Media and Tech Events 
 USA Hottest Job Markets 2011 
 Well-paying jobs you can get right out of high school 
 What makes a good boss? 
 What to Do When Your Boss Is Wrong 
 When the New Boss Ruins Your Work Life 
 Where the Jobs Are 
 Which Top 10 Careers Will Pay Better in 2011 
 Who Earns More Than The President 
 Who's Hiring Now 
 Who’s Hiring This Week 
 Women's Career 
 Work At Home Jobs And Programs 
 Work Experience Tips 
 Work Less - Earn More 
 Work-at-Home Real Resources Companies 
 Working moms redefining success 
 Workplace Anxiety Triggers 
 Worst Bosses of 2010 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Tag Cloud 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
