We use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our site, analyze site traffic, and understand where our audience is coming from. To find out more, please read our  privacy policy. 
 By choosing 'I Accept', you consent to our use of cookies and other tracking technologies. 
 I Accept 
 We use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our site, analyze site traffic, and understand where our audience is coming from. To find out more, please read our  privacy policy. 
 By choosing 'I Accept', you consent to our use of cookies and other tracking technologies. Less 
 I Accept 
 We use cookies and other tracking technologies... More 
 I Accept 
 Login or register 
 to apply for this job! 
 Login or register 
 to save this job! 
 Login or register to start contributing with an article! 
 Login or register 
 to see more jobs from this company! 
 Login or register 
 to boost this post! 
 Show some love to the author of this blog by giving their post some rocket fuel 🚀. 
 Login or register to search for your ideal job! 
 Login or register to start working on this issue! 
 Engineers who find a new job through JavaScript Works average a 15% increase in salary 🚀 
 Start with GitHub Start with Twitter Start with Stack Overflow Signup with Email Login with Email 
 JavaScriptWorks 
 
 Jobs 
 Open Source Issues 
 Articles 
 Companies 
 
 Sign Up Login 
 Continue with 
 GitHub Stack Overflow Twitter Email 
 
 Jobs 
 Issues 
 Articles 
 Companies 
 Metrics 
 For Employers 
 
 Clojure Jobs 
 Browse jobs for UI/UX, web developers and software engineers 
 
 Show filters 
 We found 3 jobs matching 'Clojure Jobs' 
 Full Stack Web Developer$65K - 75KSpatial Informatics GroupUnited States of America 
 SIG is searching for a Full Stack Web Developer to build decision support tools 
 Remote 
 clojure clojurescript java reagent react lisp sql geoserver 
 More Info Apply 
 Front-End Software Engineer£60K - 85KSignal AILondon, United Kingdom 
 Using AI and Machine Learning to Help Your Business Make Smarter, Quicker Decisions 
 clojure node.js javascript angular react 
 More Info Apply 
 Senior Software Engineer£55K - 95KuSwitchLondon, United Kingdom 
 Serve millions of users every month using front end/functional technology 
 clojure elixir javascript react go 
 More Info Apply 
 Join our newsletter 
 Join over 111,000 others and get access to exclusive content, job opportunities and more! 
 your email address 
 Subscribe 
 Thanks for signing up. 
We'll see you soon 👋 
 WorksHub 
 📧 hello@works-hub.com 
 🇬🇧 81 Rivington Street, London, EC2A 3AY 
 🇺🇸 108 E 16th Street, New York, NY 10003 
 WorksHub 
 Careers Companies Sitemap Metrics Functional Works Blockchain Works JavaScript Works Ai Works Golang Works Java Works Python Works Remote Works 
 For companies 
 For employers Register company Pricing and plans Request a demo Terms of Service 
 Jobs 
 React jobs Angular jobs NodeJS jobs Typescript jobs 
 Locations 
 Jobs in New York Jobs in London Jobs in San Francisco Jobs in Berlin Jobs in Barcelona Remote Jobs 
 Articles 
 React articles Angular articles NodeJS articles Typescript articles ReasonML articles 
 
 © 2020 WorksHub 
 Privacy Policy 
 Developed by WorksHub 
