
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Culture Biosciences (W18) 
 We grow cells for biotech companies. 
 Summer Software Engineer Intern 
 
 Location 
 South San Francisco / Remote 
 Job Type 
 Internship 
 Experience 
 About Culture Biosciences 
 Culture Biosciences grows organisms for biotech companies. We've built the first cloud bioreactor facility. Here’s how it works: 
 
 Our customers are experts in DNA design -- they send us their genetically engineered organisms for testing. 
 We grow their cells in our bioreactors to examine the efficacy of different protocols and their effect on yield and productivity. 
 Our customers monitor the state of things live via our website. At the end we send them some samples for storage or more custom analysis. 
 
 Our customers genetically modify organisms to produce new therapeutics, materials, fuels and foods. We help them quickly run experiments and develop manufacturing processes so they can get their products to market faster. We've built proprietary software and automation systems to make operating our bioreactors more efficient than existing systems. We also provide customers with new software tools that help them analyze and contextualize their data. We are currently serving a number of biotech customers and scaling out our infrastructure. 
 We are a Bay Area company backed by leading venture funds including YCombinator and Verily Life Sciences. We are made up of mechanical, software, biomedical and chemical engineers who worked previously at Google X, Facebook, MIT, CalTech, Bristol Myers Squibb, and Lawrence Berkeley National Labs. Our team is passionate about enabling high-throughput, reproducible science. We value curiosity, clear communication, kindness, and collaboration. We're also committed to building a diverse team. 
 About the role 
 About the Company 
 Culture Biosciences grows organisms for biotech companies. We've built the first cloud bioreactor facility. 
 Here’s how it works: 
 Our customers are experts in DNA design -- they send us their genetically engineered organisms for testing. We grow their cells in our bioreactors to examine the efficacy of different protocols and their effect on yield and productivity. 
 Our customers monitor the state of things live via our website. At the end we send them some samples for storage or more custom analysis. 
 Our customers genetically modify organisms to produce new therapeutics, materials, fuels and foods. We help them quickly run experiments and develop manufacturing processes so they can get their products to market faster. We've built proprietary software and automation systems to make operating our bioreactors more efficient than existing systems. We also provide customers with new software tools that help them analyze and contextualize their data. We are currently serving a number of biotech customers and scaling out our infrastructure. 
 We are a Bay Area company backed by leading venture funds including YCombinator and Verily Life Sciences. We are made up of mechanical, software, biomedical and chemical engineers who worked previously at Google X, Facebook, MIT, CalTech, Bristol Myers Squibb, and Lawrence Berkeley National Labs. Our team is passionate about enabling high-throughput, reproducible science. We value curiosity, clear communication, kindness, and collaboration. We're also committed to building a diverse team. 
 About the Internship 
 We're looking for two software engineer interns for the summer of 2021. Right now we have the capacity to take on two interns who are between their Junior and Senior years. 
 What will you get out of this internship experience? 
 
 Work at a YC startup as fully contributing member of a fast moving team 
 Get the "startup experience" without the risk 
 Technical mentorship from our several senior software engineers 
 Build things customers will love, no dead end projects 
 Have fun 
 
 We'll support you in this by... 
 
 Only giving you work that matters 
 Providing a safe environment to try things and fail 
 Making ourselves available for collaboration 
 Caring about you as a whole person, not a “resource" 
 
 Projects you might work on 
 
 Building out the "Google Docs" for fermentation data 
 Automated email flow system that delight our customers 
 The "turbo tax" for fermentation planning data 
 A slack bot to enable seamless communication between customers and lab staff 
 An idea that you came up with on your own 
 
 About You: 
 
 You are between your junior and senior years in a university or college 
 Or you are a masters student between years 
 You've done some SW development before, perhaps at another internship 
 You’re proactive and enjoy thinking about the big picture 
 You're ready to embed yourself into as fast moving team 
 You’re kind, curious and enjoy learning new things 
 You’re product focused - you think about the perspectives of end users even when it might not be expected of you 
 You value communication and connection with a multidisciplinary team 
 You care that you’re building something that solves a problem and helps end users 
 
 This internship will most likely be remote, but there is a chance we'll be able to return to the office sometime during the summer. 
 Culture Biosciences provides equal employment opportunities to all employees and applicants. We seek to build a company that promotes inclusion and expands the diversity of our industry as a whole. We encourage people with identities underrepresented in biotech and technology to apply. 
 Technology 
 Our tech stack: 
 
 Typescript / React / GraphQL 
 Python backend services, control systems, state estimation, statistical analyses 
 C++ embedded systems 
 AWS, Docker, Github 
 Fusion360, Altium 
 
 Interesting problems we're tackling: 
 
 Flexible and interactive protocol development 
 High fidelity, accelerated simulation of biological systems 
 Robotic execution of wetlab assays 
 
 Other jobs at Culture Biosciences 
 Software Engineer 
 fulltime 
 269 E. Grand Ave, South San Francisco, CA 94080 
 Full Stack 
 $0 - $0 
 0.00% - 0.00% 
 3+ years 
 Mechanical Engineer 
 fulltime 
 South San Francisco 
 Robotics 
 6+ years 
 Senior Cell Culture Engineer 
 fulltime 
 South San Francisco 
 6+ years 
 Senior Frontend Engineer 
 fulltime 
 South San Francisco, CA, USA / Remote 
 Frontend 
 6+ years 
 Summer Software Engineer Intern 
 intern 
 South San Francisco / Remote 
 Full Stack 
 Junior and above 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
