  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
  Illustrations jobs  
 
 Evaluating bids 
 Book cover Illustration / Ilustración tapa libro 
 Published on the April 04, 2017 in Design & Multimedia 
 
 Project 
 Project Insights New 
 
 About this project 
 design-multimedia / illustrations 
 USD 50 - 100 
 Hi! 
I need a very creative/realistic illustration for the cover of a book. 
The work will consist on sending 2 sketchs (the author will define which one he likes more)+ final version with the corrections. 
Please send: portfolio with examples of illustrations + required budget + execution time 
 computer crash, by tom dieusaert 
 information about the author and the book: 
tom dieusaert is a 49-year old belgian journalist and correspondent specialized in latin america and currently living in buenos aires, argentina. 
Apart from many articles, he has written several books, the last one being “The Beetle Diaries”, which has sold some 7000 copies and has been translated from Dutch to Spanish and English. “The Beetle Diaries” dealt with the “man versus machine” paradox, a theme that is also present in his new book, Computer Crashes. This book focuses on airplane tragedies that are not due to a pilot error or a mechanical error, but caused by malfunctioning board computers. 
 The reason is that modern planes are controlled almost completely by computers, which reduces the pilot to a mere supervisor of a process, similar to what is happening with the Google or Tesla self-driving cars, with the important difference that a commercial jet flies at an altitude of 30.000 feet or more and many lives are at stake on each flight. Recovery in case of computer failure has proven to be very difficult, because many times pilots are not up to this complex task. 
 The author became interested in the subject in 2009, when a month before flying from South America to Europe with Air France, a plane of the same airline stalled and crashed in the Atlantic, apparently because of “failing speedometers”, an official explanation which did not convince, because the Airbus 330-200 was supposed to be one of the most sophisticated jets that could not stall. 
 In the book, the author interviewed pilots, family members of victims, specialized lawyers and investigators. The book is the result of a seven year-long investigation, in which the author got familiar with the sophisticated systems that govern commercial aircrafts today. 
 Thanks! 
 Category  Design & Multimedia 
Subcategory  Illustrations 
What is the scope of the project?  Create new illustrations 
Is this a project or a position?  Project 
Required availability  As needed 
 Deadline: Not specified 
 Skills needed 
 Illustration   Illustration   Spanish   English 
 Want to start working on this project? 
 Log into  your Workana account or  Register  today. Boost your freelance work! 
 Are you looking for a freelancer to do a similar project? 
 Create your project and get bids from the best freelancers. 
 Publish your own project   Send your proposal now 
   
  T. L.  
 1 
 Published projects 
 0 
 Projects paid 
 Member since: April 2017 
 Project activity 
 1 
 Bids 
 1 
 Interested freelancers 
  __Previous project  
  __Next project  
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
