
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Jido Maps (W18) 
 A lightweight API for persistent augmented reality. 
 Line Free Checkout - Marketing/Customer Success/Business Development - In Person 
 
 Location 
 2642 Ashby AveBerkeley, CA 94705 
 Job Type 
 Internship 
 Experience 
 About Jido Maps 
 About Us 
 Jido is making our physical world more intuitive and interactive using location based augmented reality (AR). Spaces, our full-stack AR authoring platform has already been deployed to over 10,000 locations on 6 continents. Our team began in the Stanford Artificial Intelligence Labs and is now backed by Y Combinator, Khosla Ventures, and an amazing group of industry leaders. 
 While we are tech nerds at heart, our development is driven by practical areas where AR provides massive value in a way that no other interface works. We feel there is no need to wait for the future of spatial computing, we have already found impactful ways to use our technology to make today's world better for people. As a result of this focus, our platform is already being used to address problems billions of people face every day. 
 Our Team 
 We are a collaborative, dynamic team and are looking for motivated and resourceful people that are ready to take on leadership roles. We offer competitive salaries, flexible hours, remote or on-site work, generous paid time off, medical and dental benefits for individuals or families, and extensive opportunities for personal growth and exploration. 
 We are committed to recruiting and maintaining a diverse group of people from all backgrounds, experiences, skills, and cultures. If you are talented and passionate about using the technology of the future to make today's world a better place then please apply! 
 About the role 
 Are you passionate about using technology to help support you community? We are a group of Berkeley locals that have developed an app that makes shopping local as smooth as butter. 
 Join us as we help local stores not just survive but THRIVE! 
 About the Job 
 This is an in-person customer success and marketing position. Your responsibilities will include: 
 
 Onboarding customers to the new Butterbuy app 
 Creating innovative in-store and online marketing campaigns 
 Market research as we expand to new stores and regions 
 
 The job will begin part time with flexible hours (10-20 hours per week) with strong potential to become a full time position in Marketing and/or Business Development depending upon interest and fit. 
 About You 
 
 You are excited about bringing new products to market 
 You can pitch a personable and confident manner 
 You are insightful and always seeking to learn 
 Bonus: You have a background in outbound sales and/or growth marketing. 
 
 (This position puts personality over experience. If you feel you have what it takes, apply!) 
 About Our Team 
 ﻿We are committed to recruiting and maintaining a diverse group of people from all backgrounds, experiences, skills, and cultures. If you are talented and passionate about using the technology of the future to make today's world a better place then please apply! 
 Technology 
 Other jobs at Jido Maps 
 Full Stack Engineer (Augmented Reality) 
 fulltime 
 Berkeley, CA / Remote 
 Full Stack 
 1+ years 
 Line Free Checkout - Marketing/Customer Success/Business Development - In Person 
 intern 
 2642 Ashby AveBerkeley, CA 94705 
 Any 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
