Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Merchandising Clerk ( 6 month Contract) 
 Loblaw Companies Limited 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
14740-111th Ave, Edmonton, Alberta, T5M 2P5 
 The decision to join a company is a big one. We have opportunities for hard working, energetic and reliable people just like you. 
 Why is this role important? 
 NOTE:  "Travel Based role - 6 month Contract* 
 Job Description: 
Implement store layouts 
Ability to read and understand schematics/Planograms for departments and execute accordingly and within good time. 
Ensure work area once completed is grand opening ready (clean and organized). 
Must be able to work alone and within a team enviroment that changes constantly and per location. 
Must be able to take direction from Manager/senior referb member and execute accordingly and within good time.(as per projects needs) 
Ensure that stores are merchandised with all products appropriately. 
Work with construction crew, warehouses, vendors and head office. 
Ensure completion of project verification 
Work with Referb team to ensure projects are completed. 
 Requirements: 
Valid Unrestricted Driver’s License 
Reliable Personal Vehicle 
Valid credit card (not pay as you go or debit/crebit card)( to be used for deposits on hotels and rental vehicles) 
Available to work flexible hours, including predominantly overnight and weekend hours 
 Ability to work in excess of 40 + hrs per week Note:  we do not guarantee overtime 
Ability to lift up to 50 lbs. and stand/work on your feet for long periods of time 
Ability to wear all Mandatory Safety required PPE (Hard Hat, Steel toe boots, Safety gloves, Safety glasses, Knee pads) 
Able to work 90% of the away from home up to 10 days at a time. This includes out of province travel. 
Comfortable flying 
Required to pay for all meals, transit, parking fees, car rentals, etc. out of pocket and submit an expense report weekly with all supporting documents. 
 How You’ll Succeed: 
At Loblaw, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Employment Type: 
Full time 
 Type of Role: 
Temporary (Fixed Term) 
 Type of Contract: 
Loblaw recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. 
 Please Note:  If you have Employee Self Service (ESS) on Workday, apply to this job via the Workday application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
