Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Pet Groomer Trainee 
 PetSmart Canada 
 __Oshawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 YOUR GROOMING CAREER: 
Start your career in grooming as a Groomer Trainee! As a Groomer Trainee in our Grooming Salon, you’ll have the opportunity to build personal relationships with your clients each time they visit and truly become a part of their family. You’ll get to know their pets’ styles and personalities to create a customized, stylish experience just for them! From that first shampoo to that final strut home, you’ll take pride in the services you provide! 
 GROOMED FOR GREATNESS: 
You bring the passion and we’ll bring the training. Petsmart offers a free, paid training program that will set you up for success. 
 Stage 1- Pet Stylist Apprentice:  Jump start your education by getting hands-on experience with our pets. These pets become our own pets while they are in our care, so our number one priority is to get safety certified. Under the guidance of the salon leader, you’ll begin your training as a bather and learn about different dog breeds and styling. You’ll help to get the dogs comfortable in our salon and spend time bathing them, trimming their nails and providing support to groomers throughout the pet’s stay. 
 Stage 2- Grooming Academy:  After getting some experience under your belt (well, smock!), you’ll attend our free, paid Grooming Academy! This exclusive, 4-week program is valued at over $6000! You’ll have 4 weeks in a classroom environment, gaining insights from our experienced Academy Trainers. You’ll dive in deeper into breed styling, caring for different dog breeds, and get comfortable with tools and clippers. As an added bonus, at graduation, you’ll receive a free tool kit worth over $600! 
 Stage 3—Groomer Trainee:  You’ll put your brand-new education and fancy new tool kit to work when you head back to our salon. With the leadership and oversight of experienced groomers, you’ll begin to groom all different breeds and sizes of dogs. We have a target of 200 dogs to ensure you get the experience and diversity you need. 
 Stage 4—Pet Stylist in Training:  Now it’s time for you to really hone your skill set. You’ll build relationships with your own clients, advise on styles, suggest new services and share in the joy that comes with a client picking up their freshly coiffed pet. It’s the best thing in the world, well, that free tool kit is pretty great, too! 
 THE WARM AND FUZZIES: 
We’ve highlighted job responsibilities and programs as best as we could above—but the best parts of working at PetSmart can’t be fully described in the job description. 
 It’s the pride of the giving Mickey a makeover in our salons watching him strut his stuff on the way out. Paws off, ladies, he’s taken! 
It’s the excitement of Walter’s wagging tail during his bath or Sadie’s smile after her teeth are cleaned. 
It’s the gussying up of Gizmo for this year’s holiday photoshoot. (Fun fact: many of our groomers receive holiday cards from their clients!) 
It’s the little things we do that add up to really big things that pets need. 
 Working at PetSmart is not a job, it’s a community of those who work together for the love of pets. 
 Apply now to experience a career that loves you back. 
 This job summary is intended to describe the general nature and level of work associates/leaders assigned to this job perform. It is not intended to include all duties and responsibilities. You will be provided a copy of a job description for the actual position you are hired in to. 
 PetSmart is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national or ethnic origin, disability, as well as any other characteristic protected by federal, provincial or local law. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
