Skip to content 
 sQoolink 
 Where your world vision meets their experiences 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 
   
 Academics ,  Careers 
 Do you aspire to have a career in writing? 
 Grand Valley State University in Allendale, Michigan 
 Have you thought of pursuing a career in writing? Our sQoolink mentor, Jess Magnan, tells us her experience in pursuing a degree in English/Communications/Writing. In the next few posts, Jess will share with us her insights on how to prepare for a writing career. 
 
 So you chose to study writing, great! Maybe you already know what you want to do after college, maybe not. But it’s safe to say that we all want college to help us succeed in life after school, to aid us in building a career and sustainable life. 
 For some, studying writing might not seem like the most practical option for career-building. But I am here to assure you that it can be! After attending Grand Valley State University and receiving my bachelor’s degree in writing in 2017, I am now building my career as a freelance writer. To achieve success in your time after college, follow these guides to be certain you get the most out of your writing program. 
 Understand your interests 
 What about writing inspires you? Are you eager to publish your first novel? Are you interested in making information digestible and customized to a specific reader? Have you thought about blogging for a living? 
 Know what your end goals are, but know that they can change. Let what excites you lead the way, but don’t be afraid to try new things. College is the time to change your mind and make yourself open to new ideas, practices, and disciplines. 
 Understand your program 
 Make sure you fully understand what your program requires. Do you need to take foundation courses before you can take higher-level ones? Does your program require an internship? What about a capstone class or project? Do you need to declare an emphasis? Understanding your program can help you plan for the future, and help you get the most out of your education. 
 
 _Follow our Facebook  to continue reading more about Jess' tips and experiences. _ 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 March 17, 2018March 27, 2018 
 Published by sQoolink 
 sQoolink is an edtech, big data, social platform connecting prospective students and parents with current students, alumni and school reps for higher education and study abroad advice.   View all posts by sQoolink  
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Previous post: Does it matter which major I study? 
 Next Next post: What courses you should take if you want a career in writing? 
 Sign up to sQoolink 
 Start asking questions about any country or school as a student/parent or answer questions as a mentor by signing up on  sQoolink. 
 Search for: Search 
 Recent Posts 
 
 
 Where are the best places to travel during spring break?  June 4, 2018 
 
 
 Q and A of the Week: What student clubs or organizations should I join?  June 1, 2018 
 
 
 Interesting Experiences of a Criminal Justice Student  May 30, 2018 
 
 
 Tips for an Awesome Resum  May 27, 2018 
 
 
 Choosing a Career  May 26, 2018 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Google+ 
 
 
 GitHub 
 
 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
  Create a website or blog at WordPress.com  
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
