Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Financial Planner 
 TD Bank 
 __Moncton, NB 
 Apply Now 
 Tell us your story. Don't go unnoticed. Explain why you're a winning candidate. Think "TD" if you crave meaningful work and embrace change like we do. We are a trusted North American leader that cares about people and inspires them to grow and move forward. 
 Stay current and competitive. Carve out a career for yourself. Grow with us. 
 Department Overview 
 TD Wealth takes a sophisticated and holistic goals discovery approach to wealth planning and protection to provide highly personalized advice, solutions and service to clients. 
 Financial Planning team understands that helping clients set and achieve their financial goals while delivering a legendary customer experience is what drives our business success, new business and client loyalty. We do this by knowing our clients, offering the most professional and personalized solutions and building award-winning, high-performing teams. 
 We have a long and growing history in wealth management leadership and are poised for even greater future success. Feel welcome, challenged and rewarded. Trust us, you'll be busy, but never bored. 
 Job Description 
 Are you an experienced professional skilled at providing mass affluent investing clients with comprehensive financial planning and advice? If so, then apply for the position of Financial Planner today to assist clients in meeting their financial goals and objectives. 
 With a focus on relationship management, advice and business development, you will: 
 Identify your client's life and financial goals, provide comprehensive reviews and build long-term relationships through financial planning expertise, relationship building and ongoing services 
Conduct reporting and relevant analysis using results to draw conclusions, make recommendations and continually assess the effectiveness of programs, policies and practices 
Contribute to team and department goals while strengthening customer service and dedication 
Monitor service, productivity and assess efficiency and implement continuous improvements 
Be knowledgeable of best practices and procedures and stay ahead of emerging trends 
Acquire and apply expertise, provide mentorship, assistance and direction to others 
Maintain a culture of risk management and control, supported by aligned risk appetite 
Participate fully as a member of the team, support a positive and service-oriented work environment 
 Job Requirements 
 EXPERIENCE & EDUCATION: 
 
 University Degree 
 3-5 years industry experience 
 Licensed with IIROC as a Reg. Rep. 
 Completion of at least one of PFP, CFP, PFPC or WME, Conduct & Practices Handbook (CPH) within the last 2 years or must be completed within first 90 days in role 
 Certified Financial Planner designation within the first 24 months in the role 
 Bilingual language skills in both English and French are considered an asset 
 
 Additional Information 
 Exciting opportunity for an experienced Financial Planner to join our new branch opening in Moncton and also provide support to the Amherst branch 
 Inclusiveness 
 At TD, we are committed to fostering an inclusive, accessible environment, where all employees and customers feel valued, respected and supported. We are dedicated to building a workforce that reflects the diversity of our customers and communities in which we live and serve. If you require an accommodation for the recruitment/interview process (including alternate formats of materials, or accessible meeting rooms or other accommodation), please let us know and we will work with you to meet your needs. 
 Job Family 
 Financial Planning 
 Job Category - Primary 
 Wealth Management 
 Hours 
 37.5 
 Business Line 
 TD Wealth 
 Time Type 
 Full Time 
 Employment Type 
 Regular 
 Country 
 Canada 
 **Province/State (Primary) 
 New Brunswick 
 City (Primary) 
 Moncton 
 Work Location 
 860 Main Street (Moncton) Retail 
 Apply to job 
Save 
Send to friend 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
