Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Material Handler 
 TCL Logistics | Supply Chain 
 __Acheson, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Want to be part of something exciting & gain valuable warehouse experience? 
 We are a fast moving, fast growing company!!! 
 What TCL Supply Chain can offer YOU: 
Paid training and certification 
Full Health and Dental benefits 
Shift premiums 
Incentive pay 
Pension options 
Work life balance 
We believe our people create our success. 
 Position:  Material Handler/Warehouse position 
 Location:  Acheson, AB 
 Type:  Full Time 
 Wage:  Starting wage is $19.77/hr . There is also the potential to earn an additional $6/hr with shift premiums & incentive pay for performance 
 Incentive pay:  Earn between $0.50 - $3.00 when you exceed targets 
 Shift premiums: 
$1.00/hr for time worked between 6:00PM & 6:00AM 
 $1.00/hr for time worked from Friday 6:00PM to Sunday 6:00PM 
 $1.00/hr for time worked in the freezer 
 Shifts available: 
 Afternoons:  3:00PM - 11:30PM 
 About TCL Supply Chain 
 We are a multi-temperature, grocery distribution center located in Acheson, Alberta. TCL is a 24/7 operation with state-of-the-art technology and equipment. The building is approximately 550,000 square feet and divided into three temperature controlled areas: ambient (dry goods), perishable, and frozen products. 
 We are proud to be a diverse workplace. The company celebrates Diversity Week, NAOSH Week (North American Occupational Safety and Health). We participate in monthly employee engagement activities, charity challenges and much more. 
 Website:  https://www.tclsupplychain.com/ 
 LinkedIn:  https://www.linkedin.com/company/tclsupplychain/about/ 
 Facebook:  https://www.facebook.com/tclsupplychaininc 
 What YOU will bring to the TCL Supply Chain: 
You will lead by example. A safety-first attitude is just the start; working safely every day is what you value. 
You will push your limits. This job is physical and perfect for those who love to keep moving. TCL team members have the ability to lift products ranging from 10 to 50 lbs on a regular basis in a high paced, repetitive environment. 
You will be a motivated individual and cooperative team player . The ability to work independently as well as part of a team is essential to success at TCL. 
You will be someone we can count on. When our team members are not here, we cannot make a difference for our customer and the community. A commitment to having good attendance and access to reliable transportation are very important. 
You will be a communicator. Communication is key in this environment that we are all able to get what we need to get done, done safely so you will bring proficient English communication skills. 
You will bring a desire for full time employment. We need high performing team members who are able to work a minimum of 40 hours per week, and be available weekends on day shift at our 24/7 facility. Shifts may change based on business needs. 
 What YOU will do as a TCL Supply Chain Team Member: 
You will learn and master new equipment. After you complete our thorough paid, on-site training program, every shift you will safely operate material handling equipment including pallet jacks, reach trucks and counterbalance forklifts. 
You will be committed to and driven by high standards of performance . Timely, accurate order picking and palletizing of grocery products will make up the bulk of your day. 
You will challenge yourself to succeed in this physically demanding role. Our team members know that this role focuses on repetitive, heavy lifting of grocery products and that their bodies and minds can meet the challenge. 
You will learn and utilize new technology. TCL is committed to innovation as well as taking care of our environment. Every day you will use paperless and customized, automated voice-directed technology to pick your order. For more information please check out our www.tclsupplychain.com 
 Please note:  TCL Supply Chain is a tobacco free work place, we ask that anyone on company property refrain from smoking or using any tobacco products. If you wish to smoke or use tobacco products please do so outside of the parking lot. 
 Are you our next top performing team member? 
 To Applicants Applying:  Please note that there is very limited access to public transit. Reliable transportation is required. 
 Role Purpose: 
Responsible for operating powered equipment for the purpose of moving, locating, relocating, stacking, and counting product. Responsible for checking all inbound and outbound products. Ensures products are free of damage and infestation, product code dates are properly recorded and products match customer requirements. 
 Key Accountabilities: 
Physically load product onto equipment, pallets or totes more than 20% of specified shift. 
Put-away and pick product for shipment or stock. Insure the exact number and type of products, ordered by the customer, are checked and loaded correctly. 
Compare the quantity, quality, labeling, and address with the customer’s order to ensure outgoing product shipments are complete and correct. 
Changes equipment battery or LP tank and monitors power source as necessary. 
Verify and report discrepancies such as non-available products and OS&D. 
Maintain the facility and the facility’s equipment in a neat, clean, orderly fashion. Inspect all operated equipment daily. 
Complete daily inspection of equipment. 
Assist in physical inventories. 
 Required Education and Experience: 
High School Diploma or Equivalent 
Forklift certificate or satisfactory completion of a forklift-training program is required within the first 30 days of employment 
Six months warehouse experience, preferred 
Six months forklift operation experience, prefer 
 Our Organization is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to accommodating applicants with disabilities throughout the hiring process. Accommodations for job applicants with disabilities will be provided upon request. 
 Brand:  TCL Logistics 
 Address:  24 26308 Township Rd 525A Acheson, AB - T7X5A6 
 Property Description:  5138 - Acheson AB 
 Property Number:  5138 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
