
 Skip to primary navigation 
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to primary sidebar 
 
 Work Site Radio 
 
 Home 
 Brands 
 
 DEWALT 
 Bosch 
 Sangean 
 
 
 Affiliate Disclaimer 
 Privacy Policy 
 Contact Us 
 
 Reviews of the BEST Work Site Radios 
 You are here:  Home  /  Brands  /  Sangean  / Sangean U4 AM/FM-RBDS/ Digital Tuning Radio – Perfect Portable Radio For The Jobsite! 
 Sangean U4 AM/FM-RBDS/ Digital Tuning Radio – Perfect Portable Radio For The Jobsite! 
 If you’re looking for a great, portable jobsite radio that has plenty of functions and that does not break the bank then you will want to read this post as we review the  Sangean U4 AM/FM-RBDS/ Digital Tuning Radio . 
 This radio is one of the most portable  jobsite radios  available, it is tiny but it will give you big sound and plenty of features so if you want something that is versatile and easy to move around wherever you need it, this may be the one for you. 
 We will have a look at the main features, explore the pros and cons of this radio and we will also tell you what people are saying that have actually purchased this radio so you can get a better look at what you get your money and how this stacks up to our other  jobsite radio choices . 
 If you are in a hurry and you are sure that you want to   buy the Sangean U4 AM/FM-RBDS/ Digital Tuning Radio - you can click here and go straight through to Amazon.com  where you will be able to see the radio, frequently asked questions and check out some of the reviews, as well as the price! 
 Click here to check out the Sangean U4 AM/FM-RBDS/ Digital Tuning Radio at Amazon.com… 
 Sangean U4 AM/FM-RBDS/ Digital Tuning Radio Review: 
 The radio that we are looking at is the Sangean U4 AM/FM-RBDS/ Digital Tuning Radio, this is the U4 version and you will also see another version on Amazon.com called the U3 that we will review a later date. Essentially the U3 is a ‘lite’ version of the U4. 
 Features of the Sangean U4 AM/FM-RBDS/ Digital Tuning Radio: 
 For such a small radio you will get a ton of features, the  Sangean U4 AM/FM-RBDS/ Digital Tuning Radio  gives you: 
 AM/FM-RBDS/Weather alert/Bluetooth/Aux-in Digital Tuning as well as whether band station presets. 
 You will also get Bluetooth wireless audio streaming with an indicator of how strong the signal is, you simply need to touch to pair with NFC technology. This feature will also support aptX decoding for hive fidelity music and low latency - which is a very geeky way of saying that when you use this with Spotify you will experience no lack or stutters in your music. 
 The radio is also rain resistant, dust resistant and shock resistant and has been IP64 certified to be dustproof and waterproof. This means that although the radio is tiny, you will not have to worry about it being damaged by the elements while you are working! 
 This is also very easy to recharge as it gives you a clear LED charging indicator. It has a standard DC out socket for charging mobile phone or MP3 players. 
 The  Sangean U4 AM/FM-RBDS/ Digital Tuning Radio  is also been voted  loudest and best sounding utility radio in 2018 by Mozaw.com . This is really some achievement when you think about the size of this radio, with it being so small the concern can be the sound level - well this one has won awards to say that it will be loud enough! 
 So, you don’t have to worry about your music or radio programme being drowned out by machinery! 
 Best Features And Reasons To Buy The Sangean U4 AM/FM-RBDS/ Digital Tuning Radio: 
 Rain, Dust and Shock Resistant: 
 When you are looking for a jobsite radio that you also want to be easy to manoeuvre around you can run into a problem! 
 Normally, the smaller the radio - the more likely it is to suffer damage. 
 The  Sangean U4 AM/FM-RBDS/ Digital Tuning Radio  is a small radio that will be able to withstand any of the day-to-day debris of the jobsite. You will find that this gives you an IP64 certified water and dust resistant radio, it also comes with a protective roll cage and the shock resistant to boot! 
 Bluetooth and Aux-In: 
 The  Sangean U4 Radio  also comes with the latest Bluetooth technology that will allow you to stream your favourite music with ease. This radio supports aptX decoding which means that you will not get any loss of quality with your music and it will be able to stream without any stuttering issues, or loss of connection. 
 You will also be able to pair most devices with this radio without a problem! 
 Built in Battery & Phone Charger: 
 The  U4 radio  gives you a smart battery Charger that will ensure optimum charging of each individual battery. You also get an easy to read LED indicator that will tell you your status for the batteries. 
 There is also a 12volt DC Jack and a USB port that will allow you to charge your smartphone. 
 Even if the power is lost with this radio it comes with a handy battery backup, this will ensure that you are able to save your alarm and station pre-sets! 
 Easy to Read LCD Display With Backlight: 
 To top it all off the  Sangean U4 AM/FM-RBDS/ Digital Tuning Radio  gives you a large backlit LCD display that will display both the clock and radio information. You will also be able to see the dual alarm feature that will give you a snooze function and an adjustable sleep timer. 
 NOAA Weather Radio: 
 Just when you thought the  Sangean U4 AM/FM-RBDS/ Digital Tuning Radio  couldn’t possibly have any more features for such a small radio - it will also give you a weather radio! 
 The weather radio feature will give you FM, AM and NOAA weather bands. It receives all 7 NOAA weather channels and is also a public alert certified weather radio. This means that if you are working outside you will always be one step ahead of any storms that are brewing! 
 The Sangean U4 AM/FM-RBDS/ Digital Tuning Radio will also give you an automatic alert for any hazardous conditions that will make sure that you are prepared before any storm hits. 
 Additional Features At A Glance: 
 
 Rotary bass and treble control 
 Loudness on / off 
 Easy cable storage 
 Plays on rechargeable and dry-cell batteries 
 DC Out (5V / 1A) USB A Type socket for charging mobile Phone or MP3 player 
 I/O Jacks: DC in, Aux-in, USB-A Type (DC-OUT) 
 6.5”, 8ohm, 12W Full Range Hi-Fi Speaker 
 Battery Back-Up for Clock Time and Station Pre-Sets 
 
 
 Verdict: 
 Despite the small size of the  Sangean U4 AM/FM-RBDS/ Digital Tuning Radio , as you can see above, this radio will give you every feature that you need and gives you a weather radio feature as well. 
 This has been designed to be weatherproof, able to withstand any debris of a jobsite and is loud enough to be able to listen to your music without interruption. 
 With the added Bluetooth feature it means that you will be able to listen to anything like as long as you have a compatible Bluetooth device, also not have to worry about losing power as it has a battery recharge feature as well. 
 We highly recommend checking out the Sangean U4 AM/FM-RBDS/ Digital Tuning Radio at Amazon.com… 
 Customer Opinion: 
 Looking at the customer reviews from Amazon.com, the  Sangean U4 AM/FM-RBDS/ Digital Tuning Radio  has an awesome rating of 4/5 stars. Most people are very happy with the radio and the only downside that we could find is that although the radio is very loud it will not be as loud as a full-size jobsite radio such as the DCR015. 
 If you need something that is easy to manoeuvre and very versatile, we highly recommend checking this one out and we think you’ll be very pleased with your purchase. 
 The Sangean U4 AM/FM-RBDS/ Digital Tuning Radio gives you a radio that will be easy to use whether you are working outside on a jobsite, or you need a small work radio why you are indoors. 
 Check out the Sangean U4 AM/FM-RBDS/ Digital Tuning Radio at Amazon.com for the full details… 
 Sale 
   
  Sangean U4 AM/FM-RBDS/Weather Alert/Bluetooth/Aux-in Ultra Rugged Rechargeable Digital Tuning Radio Yellow  
 
 AM/FM-RBDS/Weather Alert/Bluetooth/Aux-In Digital Tuning Utility Radio 5 FM1, 5 FM2, 5 AM and 5 Weather Band Station Pre-Sets 
 Built-in Bluetooth Wireless Audio streaming with indicator, simply touch to pair with NFC technology Supports aptX decoding for high fidelity music and low latency 
 Rain resistant, Dust resistant and Shock resistant that is IP64 Certified for Dustproof and Waterproof 
 Rechargeable with charging LED indicator, DC out（5v / 1a）USB a Type socket for charging mobile phone or MP3 players 
 Voted Loudest and Best Sounding Utility Radio in 2018 by Mozaw.com. The Sangean U4 Ultra Rugged Digital Job Site Radio is the best sounding and loudest portable jobsite radio you can buy. It is the latest in a long-line of well-received jobsite radios from Sangean and incorporates all of the latest technological advances and features available in a cool-looking, functional package. 
 
 −$64.90 $185.09  
 Buy on Amazon 
 Other Choices For A Jobsite Radio: 
 Sangean LB-100 Ultra Rugged Compact AM / FM Radio  - this is another very good jobsite radio and while it will not give you all the features that the U4 has, it will give you a very compact and rugged radio. This one is also made by the same manufacturer so you can expect very high quality! 
 Click here to check out the Sangean LB-100 Ultra Rugged Compact AM / FM Radio review… 
 Click here to check out the Sangean LB-100 Ultra Rugged Compact AM / FM Radio at Amazon.com… 
 DEWALT 20V MAX/18V/12V Jobsite Radio Compact (DCR018)  - if you want something a little bit larger and you are not bothered about the additional features such as the weather radio you might want to consider this choice. 
 It will give you a very compact radio and all of the features that you need, if you also use DEWALT tools you will want to check this out as it gives you the ability to recharge the battery packs so you never have to worry about your tools battery going dead. 
 Click here to check out the review of the DEWALT 20V MAX/18V/12V Jobsite Radio Compact (DCR018) … 
 Click here to check out the DEWALT 20V MAX/18V/12V Jobsite Radio Compact (DCR018) at Amazon.com… 
 DEWALT DCR015 12V/20V MAX Worksite Charger Radio  - this is our top choice for a jobsite radio and will give you a fantastic all-rounder. Think of this one is a more traditional jobsite radio with the standard ‘ghetto blaster’ feel. 
 If you want something that is a little bit larger, this radio can recharge DEWALT battery packs and a radio that will be loud enough on any jobsite this one is well worth a look. 
 Click here to check out the review of the DEWALT DCR015 12V/20V MAX Worksite Charger Radio… 
 Click here to check out the DEWALT DCR015 12V/20V MAX Worksite Charger Radio at Amazon.com… 
 Reader Interactions 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Comment 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 Primary Sidebar 
 Categories 
 
 Bosch 
 Brands 
 DEWALT 
 Sangean 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 DEWALT 20V MAX Bluetooth Speaker for Jobsite (DCR006) Review 
 Sangean U4 AM/FM-RBDS/ Digital Tuning Radio – Perfect Portable Radio For The Jobsite! 
 Bosch Bluetooth Power Box Jobsite Radio – Is This The Best Choice For A Worksite Radio? 
 Sangean LB-100 Ultra Rugged Compact AM / FM Radio – Best Small Worksite Radio? 
 DEWALT DWST08810 ToughSystem Music Player with Charger Review 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 *  eleven40 Pro  On  Genesis Framework  *  WordPress  *  Log in 
 We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok 
