Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Senior Manager, Government Relations 
 Aurora Cannabis 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 SENIOR GOVERNMENT RELATIONS MANAGER 
 Reporting to the National Director of Government Relations, the Senior Government Relations Manager role will coordinate legislative efforts by working with the provincial, local, and federal governments as well as the media. The incumbent will be responsible for helping our company meet legislative requirements and goals. This role may require similar requirements at the municipal level, as well as emerging international markets for Aurora. The successful candidate should be self-motivated, able to handle multiple issues and tasks at any given time, have a very positive and upbeat attitude and enjoy working in a team environment. 
 Responsibilities: 
Lead the development and implementation of lobbying strategies, including the drafting of statements, letters and testimonies, and direct contact with legislators and regulators 
Develop positive stakeholder and partner relations, including working to resolve concerns of municipalities or other businesses, particularly given Aurora’s major presence in Alberta. Assist in managing its execution and reporting against objectives. 
Lead relevant analysis of AB political and policy environment. 
Assist in lobbying before elected officials and their staff on a variety of industry-related issues 
Proactively, identify, analyze, and track legislation and regulations throughout the provinces and countries for which our business operates 
Participate in industry groups focused on federal and provincial legislative activity 
Develop, write, and edit government relations content for Aurora publications and communications 
Assist in the development of agendas, edited materials, as well as help conduct meetings and periodic conference calls of relevant Aurora committees and councils 
Respond to inquiries directly from association members, other parts of the company, including top executives 
 Qualifications: 
Undergraduate degree in Business, political science, communications or related discipline, 
Minimum 4 years’ experience in a related role, or an equivalent combination of education, training and experience 
Knowledge of the Cannabis industry considered a strong asset 
Direct experience with corporate responsibility communications an asset 
Experience communicating complex issues in clear, straightforward terms 
Bilingual, English and French an asset (spoken and written) 
Demonstrated ability to quickly adapt; maintain focus and a high degree of accuracy while working with complex data in an environment of ever-changing deadlines, priorities and requirements 
Excellent communication skills (oral, written and presentation) 
Proven ability to work collaboratively in a team environment and collaborate on projects, including in cross-company teams. 
 We would like to thank all applicants for their interest but only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Aurora Cannabis Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
