Work To The Wise 
 
 Home 
 Brain at Work 
 Workplace Tips 
 Job Search Cafe 
 Career Coaching 
 
 Putting the power of job change in YOUR hands 
 You are here:  Home  /  Unhappy at work  / Thinking of Quitting Your Job? Write Yourself a Letter 
 Thinking of Quitting Your Job? Write Yourself a Letter 
 By  Ronnie Ann   Leave a Comment 
 I just got a GREAT email from JMatt, a reader who, in the process of writing to me, solved his own problem. In effect, as he was telling me about his situation, the truth popped out right in front of his eyes. He wasn't even thinking of quitting … but there it was! 
 Here is part of what he wrote me: 
 " I work constantly. I mean every single day of the year I am on call. Even when I’m on vacation I need to keep my phone with me in case of emergency. I am consumed almost every waking moment with work related issues and it is driving me nuts. My personal life feels like it’s a shambles, and my health is deteriorating.. 
 Wow. In typing this I think I just came to the conclusion that I must quit and find a new job. It is obvious. " 
 I love this! Whether you are a boss like JMatt or an employee like most of the rest of us, so often what we actually need is to be able to really hear ourselves. Especially if you're thinking of quitting. 
 Deep inside, most of you know what you truly want. But sometimes, we spend day after day convincing ourselves that, even though we're miserable, there are plenty of good reasons to stay miserable. And so we just grin and bear it. 
 I don't buy that. 
 That doesn't mean every single one of you should rush right out and quit your jobs. I couldn't handle the guilt of what this would do to the economy! 🙂 Plus, there are sometimes very real things you can try to help make work life better for yourself. 
 ⇒  Finding workplace solutions right where you are 
 Basically you have two choices if you're thinking of quitting: change your job conditions and / or way you handle things as best you can, or go get a new job. Suffering year in and year out, feeling trapped and helpless, isn't good for you or your employer -- although it might make your health providers a tidy sum. 
 So … following in JMatt's footsteps … if you are miserable in YOUR job, you might want to try writing yourself a letter. Don’t stop to think or edit. Just keep writing. Let it all pour out. And don't force yourself to get it all figured out in one day. For the majority of us, it takes time. 
 Keep writing yourself letters for the next few weeks. Or as long as needed. And see what pops out. By the time you’re done, you may see your best next move more clearly. I hope so. 
 Good luck! 
 [Post updated in 2020] 
 About the author… 
 Ronnie Ann, founder of Work To the Wise and Work Coach Cafe, bases her real-world advice on her many years as an organizational consultant where she helped interview and hire people, added to a certificate from NYU in Career Planning & Development, as well as her many adventures as a serial job seeker. 
 More posts to help 
 How Changing Your Attitude Can Change Your Job! 
 What To Do If Your Job Makes You Miserable 
 Career Success? All I Do Is Work! 
 My Job Sucks and Now I’m Stuck! 
 Career Goals: Put Small Steps to Work on Big Goals! 
 The Non-Linear Path to Happiness at Work 
 What Makes a Job Good? 
 Dreaming of a New Job Where the Grass Is Greener? 
 What If You Never Find Your Dream Job? 
 What Are Your Kids Learning About Work From You? 
 7 Reasons We Stay In Bad Jobs 
 10 Two-Letter Words To Motivate Yourself 
 How to Answer Why You Left Last Job When You Quit 
 How To Change Your Job Without Quitting 
 My Job Is So Boring. Should I Quit? 
 ⇒ EXTRA:  Want To Career Coach Yourself? How To Get You Started 
 And if you do need to quit your job 
 ⇒  How To Quit a Job (Without Hurting Yourself) 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Pocket 
 LinkedIn 
 Reddit 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 Related 
 Filed Under:  Unhappy at work 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Comment 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. 
 Notify me of new posts by email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 CLICK HERE for latest articles! 
 ------------------ 
 NEED CAREER COACHING? 
 Find out more 
 ------------------ 
 
 About 
 Welcome to Work To The Wise! I'm Ronnie Ann, and I created this site to help you make sense of the world of work. …  More 
 Search by Topic 
 
 Favorite work posts 
 Workplace Problems 
 Are You Feeling Incompetent at Work? 
 How To Deal With a Bully Boss 
 My Boss Is So Incompetent! 
 15 Mistakes Inexperienced Managers Make 
 What To Do If Your Boss Takes You For Granted 
 Coworker Plays Music Too Loud 
 Reasons You're Thinking of Leaving Your Job 
 Why Are You So Afraid To Ask for a Raise? 
 5 Workplace Fears That Limit Your Success 
 Why Do I Always Have Bad Luck in Jobs? 
 When Emotions Take Over In the Workplace 
 My Job Is So Boring. Should I Quit? 
 Help! My Boss Makes Me Feel Stupid 
 Changing Jobs from the Inside 
 Real Problem (Maybe) If Your Job Feels Wrong 
 How Changing Your Attitude Can Change Your Job! 
 How To Change Your Job Without Quitting 
 What To Do If Your Job Makes You Miserable 
 How To Quit a Job (Without Hurting Yourself) 
 Looking for a new job? 
 JOB SEARCH, RESUME & INTERVIEW TIPS 
 BROWSE SITE CATEGORIES 
 BROWSE SITE CATEGORIES Select Category After the interview Annoying coworkers Asking for a raise Career growth Change at work Dealing with bosses Dream jobs Earning more money Gratitude Health & Job Stress Interview questions Interview references Job interview tips Job interviews Job offers Job performance Job search Managing staff Networking Nonprofits Personal growth & development Resume tips Retirement dreams Uncategorized Unhappy at work Volunteer work Work and life balance Workplace communication Workplace relationships Workplace solutions Your brain at work Zen at work 
 PLEASE REMEMBER  If Your Boss Treats You Badly, Why It’s Not Your Fault!  --------------- 
 Browse by topic! 
 JOB SEARCH & INTERVIEWS 
 Bosses & Coworkers 
  WORKPLACE PROBLEMS  
  EMOTIONS AT WORK  
 WORK-LIFE BALANCE 
  CAREER DICTIONARY  
 
 Subscribe Via Email! 
 Email Address 
 Subscribe 
 
 Need more help? 
 -- ------------------- 
 PRIVACY POLICY 
 -- ------------------- 
 Publishing Rights 
 All writing on Work To The Wise ©2021 is the exclusive property of WorkToTheWise.com, unless otherwise indicated. All rights reserved. 
 Legal Stuff 
 Suggestions or ideas offered on this blog are for educational purposes only. Any actions you take as a result are your sole responsibility. 
 Follow on Twitter 
 Copyright (C) 2021 ·  eleven40 Pro Theme  on  Genesis Framework  · Hosted by GreenGeeks 
