Skip to content 
 
 Introverts and jobs continued… 
 Posted by rosmay188 February 18, 2020 Posted in Uncategorized Tags: Jobs 
 As promised… there are some jobs that introverts can flourish in just because there is little to no communication with people, little to no traffic and it's just a quiet to yourself environment. The worst is being an introvert and having those social issues at work where it can affect you and even worse having that "boss" that is not aware of his surroundings. I mean I guess employers are a little more sensitive to mental health now a days but being an introvert is not a mental health condition it's a way of being and there is nothing wrong with that so where is our break! We can't all have the perfect life where we say at age 5 I'm going to be a librarian because I'm an introvert. These are situations we realize late in life and we are just stuff working at a busy restaurant or retail to survive. Any how.. below are some jobs that introverts can work on realistically… 
 Actuary  - deals with the measurement and management of risk and uncertainty… Good money 
 Archivist  - just perfect let me organize and leave me alone lol. 
 Artist  - yes… Introverts are amazing creators why wouldn't we be I mean we sure think alot. 
 Astronomer  - seems far fetch but it can be done I rather deal with mother nature. 
 Auditor  - yup let me just tell you what you're doing right and wrong and byee 
 Biochemist  - personally don't like chemistry but it's not with people right just in a lab. 
 Blogger  - we can all do it let's express our thoughts and start typing 
 Boat/ferry operator  - I'll take anywhere you want to go just don't talk to me lol 
 Bus Driver  - Again, good morning, good afternoon, good evening that's it no more talkinf 
 Cleaner  - introverts are amazing cleaners it's a way to distress our thoughts and recharge our battery. 
 Data Entry Officer  - again no talking just type type type 
 Editor  - I'll just talk to you through my red marker 
 Factory worker  - routine, assembly line just get it done right to the point sounds like Ike my thing. 
 Farmhand  - hard work nature and animals I can dig it. 
 Freelance writer  - again writing feeds the soul 
 Gardener  - nature is where it is at 
 Government Librarian/library assistant  - Shhhhh yes I love it 
 Mortician  - ok ok I know what you're thinking but it's a job and pays well and you already know… But yes it's creepy 
 Pilot  - fun exciting in a cabin locked yes works for me 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Posted by rosmay188 February 18, 2020 Posted in Uncategorized Tags: Jobs 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Post Previous post: 
Introverts and Jobs 
 Next Post Next post: 
Misunderstood Mornings 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
