Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 AMHSP Academic Position, Transplant or general Nephrologist 
 University of Alberta 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Faculty of Medicine 
Competition No. - A100640653D1 
Closing Date - Will remain open until filled. 
 The University of Alberta, Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry, Department of Medicine, Division of Nephrology in partnership with Alberta Health Services, invites applications for an Academic Transplant or Academic General Nephrologist to be based at the University of Alberta Hospital. Located in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, the Faculty has been internationally recognized as among the world’s top 50 medical schools and as one of Canada’s premier health-education institutions. The University is currently home to more than 38,000 students with more than 15,000 faculty and staff. 
 The Division of Nephrology and Immunology at the University of Albert is a research intensive Division. Research spans the spectrum from fundamental and translational research through epidemiology and health services research in general nephrology and transplantation immunology. The Division also considers education a high priority and provides leadership to the educational and administrative activities of the Faculty of Medicine and Dentistry, and Alberta Health Services. 
 The successful candidate will be an MD (or equivalent) with certification in Nephrology with the Royal College of Physicians & Surgeons of Canada, be eligible for licensure with the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Alberta (CPSA). If applying as Transplant nephrologist the applicant needs to have specialized training in the area kidney transplantation. Formal research training (e.g. M.Sc. or Ph.D.) would be strongly preferred. 
 Key clinical accountabilities of the Academic Transplant or General Nephrologist, Nephrology will include all aspects of clinical care delivery in the kidney transplant program (if applicable), and could include patient general nephrology clinics in Edmonton and Rural Northern Alberta, inpatient/consult service, home dialysis, and satellite hemodialysis coverage. Key research accountabilities will include performing all aspects of a successful research program in the area of nephrology or kidney transplantation, including grant writing, performing research projects and training researchers. In addition, the successful candidate will participate in divisional and departmental educational and administrative activities. 
 The successful candidate will be offered a contingent tenured or tenure-track appointment in the Department of Medicine, with the rank of Assistant, Associate or Full Professor, which is in accordance with the University of Alberta Faculty Agreement, and offers a comprehensive benefits package. 
 Remuneration for this position is based on the Academic Medicine & Health Services Program (AMHSP). Salary will be commensurate with education and experience. 
 Interested candidates are asked to submit online a letter of intent and curriculum vitae outlining their education, qualifications, experience, research interests, etc. along with three letters of reference to Dr. Branko Braam, Divisional Director, Nephrology: 
 FOR MORE INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT 
 Dr. Branko Braam 
 Divisional Director, Nephrology 
 University of Alberta, Department of Medicine 
 Division of Nephrology 
 CSB 11-107 
 Edmonton, AB T6G 2G3 
 E-Mail:  branko.braam@ualberta.ca 
 Applications will begin being reviewed on July 16, 2020; however, the competition will remain open until the position is filled. We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those individuals selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 To assist the University in complying with mandatory reporting requirements of the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act (R203(3) (e)), please include the first digit of your Canadian Social Insurance Number in your application. If you do not have a Canadian Social Insurance Number, please indicate this in your application. 
 The City of Edmonton, with a growing population of over one million, is the cosmopolitan capital of Alberta known as “The City of Festivals”. With an abundance of services, a beautiful river valley, a multitude of community activities and attractive and financially reasonable living accommodation options, our energetic city has something for everyone. For further details about our vibrant city, please visit www.edmonton.ca. 
 Details about the University of Alberta, the Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry and the Department of Medicine can be found on the Faculty’s Home Page at www.ualberta.ca. 
 Details about Alberta Health Services can be found at www.albertahealthservices.ca. 
 How to Apply 
 Note:  Online applications are accepted until midnight Mountain Standard Time of the closing date. 
 All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. If suitable Canadian citizens or permanent residents cannot be found, other individuals will be considered. The University of Alberta is committed to an equitable, diverse, and inclusive workforce. We welcome applications from all qualified persons. We encourage women; First Nations, Métis and Inuit persons; members of visible minority groups; persons with disabilities; persons of any sexual orientation or gender identity and expression; and all those who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas and the University to apply. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
