Crimepays 
 Oregon is now a barrio of Mexico & the Mexican Drug Cartel 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Oregon Invaded 
 Sign Petition to Stop Persecution of Emma West :The UK is now a Dictatorship of Diversity.Rhea Page 
 About 
 Africans DO everything 
 American Patrol 
 Anchor Babies 
 Anchor babies take over 
 Deport Carlos & Pedro Reynaud Erazo: 
 Federale 
 Free Emma West 
 Help Arrest & Deport Carlos & Pedro Reynaud Erazo: 
 Illegal aliens Get Welfare 
 In Memory: Kris Eggle: Murdered by the Mexican Drug Cartel 
 Media Censorship Race and Crime 
 page hits 
 Potty Training 
 Stolen ID By Illegals 
 In Memory: Kris Eggle 
 Borderlandbeat 
 
 Category Archives: New Senator Merkley Voted Nea On Everify & yes to give jobs to Criminal Illegal aliens Hall Of Shame 
 Franciscopascual, Jaime Illegal Mexican:Multnomah County jail Busted Five Counts of Forgery Fake ID in Open Borders Sanctuary City Portland Oregon 
 Posted on  May 1, 2009  by  occupationoforegon 
 Franciscopascual, Jaime Busted Five Counts of Forgery Fake ID in Open Borders Sanctuary City Portland Oregon SWIS ID: 736912 Name: Franciscopascual, Jaime Age: 37 Gender: Male Race: Hispanic Height: 5 ft 5 in Weight: 140 lbs Hair: Black …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  Fake ID sold by Illegal Mexicans ,  multnomah county jail and mexican criminals ,  multnomah county jail mexicans in 24 hr arrested ,  New Senator Merkley Voted Nea On Everify & yes to give jobs to Criminal Illegal aliens Hall Of Shame ,  Portland AOregon : Mexicans and Forgery ,  Ron Wyden loves mexican criminals  | Tagged  Deport Ron Wyden ,  forgery and fake id by illegal mexicans and hispanics in oregon ,  multnomah county jail ,  Ron Wyden and Obama and Harry Reid Approve of this Crime. Wyden voted against Protecting the ID of Americans  |  Leave a comment 
 Five Illegal Mexican Drug Dealers arrested @ #36 at Barclay Square Apts Oregon City 
 Posted on  March 27, 2009  by  occupationoforegon 
 Five Illegal Mexican Drug Dealers arrested @ #36 at Barclay Square Apts Oregon City ( psst Pelosi- the Mexican breeder is pregnant- does that make it criminal for ICE to deport her?) Update: (Unit #36 at Barclay Square Apts / …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  Canby Oregon equals Mexican slum ,  cost of the invasion of mexicans in oregon ,  Id theft and Illegal Mexican drug dealers ,  Mexican Drug Cartel in Oregon ,  mexican drug dealers ,  Mexican drug dealers ID theft Oregon city ,  mexican drug dealers in oregon ,  New Senator Merkley Voted Nea On Everify & yes to give jobs to Criminal Illegal aliens Hall Of Shame ,  Obama Sellouts for Amnesty ,  Oregon Senators Wyden and Merkley love illegal alien rapists from mexico etc ,  Oregonian Crap Story: Business ,  Orwellian Media Cover-up: Oregonian Lies about Stimulus bill & Money for Illegal aliens ,  Pelosi- the Mexican breeder  | Tagged  Aurelio mexian drug dealers in oregon city ,  Five Wetback mexican drug dealers arrested Oregon CIty ,  mexican drug cartel ID theft in Oregon ,  mexican pregnant breeders ,  Pelosi- the Mexican breeder ,  to Criminal Illegal aliens Hall Of Shame ,  Torrezponce  |  Leave a comment 
 Betrayal & Sell-out by New Senator Merkley Voted Nea On Everify & yes to give jobs to Criminal Illegal aliens Hall Of Shame 
 Posted on  March 11, 2009  by  occupationoforegon 
 DC 20510 Phone: 202-224-3753; Fax: 202-228-3997; Email: senator@merkley.senate.gov Oregon office: One World Trade Center, 121 SW Salmon St., Ste 1250, Portland 97204; Phone: 503-326-3386 Merkley was elected by campaigning on Smith's hiring of illegal aliens. Now he votes to allow …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  Betrayal by Merkley on Everify- Merkley works for the Mexican Drug Cartel ,  New Senator Merkley Voted Nea On Everify & yes to give jobs to Criminal Illegal aliens Hall Of Shame  | Tagged  and Cantwell also voted against Everify and to shaft Americans by allowing illegals to use our ID. This is so depressing. ,  and Cantwell also voted to shaft Americans by allowing illegals to use our ID. This is so depressing. ,  Betrayal by Merkley on Everify- Merkley works for the Mexican Drug Cartel ,  Merkley is a a traitor Oregon senators ,  Murray ,  New Senator Merkley Voted Nea On Everify & yes to give jobs to Criminal Illegal aliens Hall Of Shame ,  www.numbersusa.com ,  Wyden  |  Leave a comment 
 
 
 map 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Pages 
 
 Oregon Invaded 
 Sign Petition to Stop Persecution of Emma West :The UK is now a Dictatorship of Diversity.Rhea Page 
 About 
 Africans DO everything 
 American Patrol 
 Anchor Babies 
 Anchor babies take over 
 Deport Carlos & Pedro Reynaud Erazo: 
 Federale 
 Free Emma West 
 Help Arrest & Deport Carlos & Pedro Reynaud Erazo: 
 Illegal aliens Get Welfare 
 In Memory: Kris Eggle 
 In Memory: Kris Eggle: Murdered by the Mexican Drug Cartel 
 Media Censorship Race and Crime 
 page hits 
 Potty Training 
 Stolen ID By Illegals 
 Borderlandbeat 
 
 
 
 moon phases 
 
 
 
 moon cycles 
 
 
 
 Stop the Invasion of the United States 
 
 
 anchor babies   anchor babies birthright citizenship   Barack the Magic Negro   blacks riot loot   crime victims of illegal aliens   everify   media cover up of the invasion of illegals   mexi-trash illlegal criminals in oregon   mexican crime   mexican criminals in oregon   mexican Humor   mexican rape in oregon   Mexican Raping Season of American Females in Oregon: March-February: Jose Enrique Arroyo: Tom Potter's Mexican Day Laborer rapes 10 yr girl with finger at OMSI   Mexican Rapists   Mexicans are dangerous in Oregon as drivers   mexicans are robbing in oregon instead of leaving   Mexican Scum in Oregon   mex trash files   Obama   Ron Wyden loves mexican criminals   ron wyden supports mexican criminals and has an F on immigration   Salem Oregon: Capital and Center of Mexican Crime   Sanctuary cities- crime pays for illegals in oregon   sanctuary cities promote crime by illegal aliens   sharpie eyebrows & Portland oregon hispanic female criminal   sharpie eyebrows of mexi-trash females   ugly immigrants   Uncategorized   Woodburn Oregon= Mexico   Wyden and Merkley prefer Illegal aliens 
 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 Diggs Greybles on  Drunk Criminal Speeding Illega… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Diggs Greybles on  Mug Shots: 27 Illegal Mexicans… 
 
 
 
 Diggs Greybles on  Hillsboro Oregon Illegal Mexic… 
 
 
 
 Diggs Greybles on  Luis Arcos-Cardenas Drunk Ille… 
 
 
 
 Diggs Greybles on  Arrested 1995 Fugitive Mexican… 
 
 
 
 Diggs Greybles on  Murder! Juanita Rosales-Garcia… 
 
 
 
 Phillip on  Race Wars America: Three Black… 
 
 
 
 Bill Bratton on  UPdate Head of Black Panthers… 
 
 
 
 whitefaggots on  Hate Crime Conviction against… 
 
 
 
 Diggs Greybles on  Mug Shots: 27 Illegal Mexicans… 
 
 
 
 Janet on  Julio Cesar Marquez Dead Ancho… 
 
 
 
 
 celtcalgal  on  California . Hospitals Spend $… 
 
 
 
 weimar1  on  Emma West in Court Picture _ a… 
 
 
 
 weimar1  on  Emma West in Court Picture _ a… 
 
 
 gemjunior on  Emma West in Court Picture _ a… 
 
 
 
 * January 2021 F 
 S 
 S 
 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 
 
 --- 
 --- 
 --- 
 --- 
 --- 
 --- 
 --- 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 
 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 
 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 
 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 
 
 29 
 30 
 31 
 
 
 
 « Mar 
 
 
   Unknown Feed 
 
 An error has occurred; the feed is probably down. Try again later. 
 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Nicholas Stix 
 WordPress.com 
 WordPress.org 
 
 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 151,450 hits 
 
 
 
 
 
 americans second class citizens in USA 
 anchor babies 
 anchor babies and visa overstays 
 and the invasion from mexico 
 border invasion 
 border with Mexico 
 Boycott Goodwill Operation Payback 
 Breaking News 
 California Meltdown Hispanically Speaking 
 call ICE 
 censored 
 censorship 
 chain immigration 
 Community Alliance of Tenants 
 cost of illegal aliens 
 cost of illegal mexicans in oregon 
 cost of the invasion of the US 
 Crime 
 crime pays for mexicans 
 crime victims of illegal aliens 
 criminal trespass 
 deport mexicans 
 Deport Report Carlos Reynaud & Boycott Goodwill Part Two Mexican Book Mafia at Goodwill 
 Deport Ron Wyden 
 End Birthright Citizenship 
 everett goodwill outlet store 
 faced Death Threats from those who support Open borders and Anarchy: Liberals 
 Fake Social Security Numbers 
 hate crimes against whites 
 hispanic crime 
 hispanic crime surge 
 hispanic crime surge in oregon 
 Hispanic family values 
 hispanic surge in oregon 
 Illegal aliens 
 Illegal Aliens are stealing both Social Security Numbers and Jobs from Americans 
 Illegal Carlos and his Learn English Books For Sale 
 immigration 
 immigration costs 
 invasion of the us 
 job theft by foreign nationals 
 Majority of Americans Oppose Birthright citizenship: Birth Tourism: Anchor Babies 
 mexi-trash illlegal criminals in oregon 
 mexican crime in oregon 
 mexican criminal females and sharpie eyebrows 
 mexican criminals 
 Mexican Drug Cartel 
 Mexican Drug cartel takes over United states 
 mexican drug dealers in oregon 
 mexican jokes 
 Mexican Raping Season of American Females in Oregon: March-February: Jose Enrique Arroyo: Tom Potter's Mexican Day Laborer rapes 10 yr girl with finger at OMSI 
 Mexican Scum in Oregon 
 monsters 
 Ms-13 Honduran Book Mafia takes over Goodwill and Amazon.com 
 No amnesty 
 no more anchor babies stop birthright citizenship 
 Numbersusa 
 numbersusa.com and anchor babies and breeders in oregon 
 obama's pathway to citzenship and amnesty for illegal mexicans 
 obama sucks 
 open borders adovcates 
 Oregon is a sanctuary state for criminals 
 population displacement by immigrants 
 Portland Police 
 sanctuary cities 
 senator Ron Wyden loves illegal aliens and mexican criminals named lopez 
 spanish only in usa 
 Stop all immigration for ten years 
 The management of Seattle Goodwill is dishonest 
 ugly immigrants 
 ugly mexicans 
 use everify 
 Warning! Cuidado! Use this form to send Illegal mexicans Home 
 Will Brad Witt be the Traitor David Wu is on Immigration ? 
 www.numbersusa.com 
 
 
 
  Crimepays  
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
