Skip to content    
 
 ✧ Keith ✧ 
 Anything and Everything 
 ☰ Menu 
 
 All posts 
 About Me 
 Contact 
 Social Links 
 
 Your First Job: Tips & Advice 
 Posted on  November 10, 2020  by  Keith 
 So, we all know due to the pandemic there has been a significant increase of unemployed people. Luckily there are many companies such as Target and Kroger that have been hiring tons of people and even granting raises! I was able to get a job at a yogurt shop that's fairly popular and it's called Menchies. It's a good first job for people who've never had a job, such as myself. 
 Tips: 
 Look up reviews of the company made by prior/current employees. 
 See if you can find the dress code for that specific job. My job makes us wear a hat, apron, and a shirt with the company logo on it. You might find a company that doesn't allow shorts or something like that. 
 Link your resume to your job application, there are free apps such as CV Maker Resume Builder:  https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.paago.cvbuilder.resumemaker.cvmaker.free  that you can use to make a resume. Even if you've never had a job before, you can still include your resume to show what kind of education you have and whatnot. 
 In your resume, add things such as your skills and hobbies. For example, in my resume I said I love to organize things and I enjoy cleaning. 
 Look up how much the job pays and if you cannot find a good source for that type of information, ask about it in the interview. 
 If you have piercings, tattoos, and/or colored hair, make sure it's allowed. 
 Advice: 
 You may feel nervous going into an interview or even starting your first job, but don't worry! You're new and nobody is going to expect you to understand how things work asap. Ask questions when you don't understand something and feel free to contact your boss if you need help doing something if they're not there at work. 
 Try your hardest to gain a tip! Greet the customers and make sure the place you have a job at is clean/organized! I always make sure I clean up as soon as a customer gets their yogurt and leaves. 
 It's normal to have an annoying boss. Hell, my boss is honestly annoying sometimes. She will tell us (the workers) to put our phones up yet she'll call the store and ask if we got her texts. And she'll tell you to do so many things at one time. Just make sure you are on your bosses good side y'all lol. 
 Work somewhere that isn't bad for your mental health! If you get a job somewhere and it has a toxic environment, LEAVE! You're gonna end up kicking yourself in the ass if you stayed longer than 2 months. 
 Apply to SEVERAL companies all that once! That's what I did and after looking for a job for many months, I found one. 
 I hope everything that I've said has somewhat been helpful! Good luck! 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Reddit 
 Tumblr 
 Email 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Posted in  All posts ,  important topics Tagged  2019 ,  2020 ,  about me! ,  ad ,  ads ,  first job ,  follow ,  follow me ,  job ,  like ,  like this ,  new blogger ,  new years ,  news ,  wordpress 
 Published by Keith 
 18-year-old writing addict   View all posts by Keith  
 Post navigation 
 Previous Post Clothing ≠ Gender Part 2 
 Next Post Surgery 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (Address never made public) 
 Name 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Men Can Be Emotional 
 Being Transmed 
 Not Everything Is a Competition 
 Becoming Stronger 
 Gaslighting 
 
 Categories 
 Categories Select Category about me! All posts anime important topics lgbt  Follow ✧ Keith ✧ on WordPress.com 
 My Facebook 
 
 My Facebook 
 
  Create a website or blog at WordPress.com  
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
