[ 
 Workew 
 Workew is the #1 board to find remote jobs, careers and other remote work opportunities to become digital nomad, work from anywhere and travel the world. 
 ](https://workew.com/ "Workew") Close Search for: Search 
 
 Remote Jobs 
 
 Marketing 
 Developer 
 Operations 
 Designer & UX 
 Customer Service 
 Project Mgmt 
 Sales & Biz Dev 
 Writing & Editing 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Other WFH Jobs 
 
 
 Remote Work Course 
 My account 
 
 Shopping Cart 
 
 
 More
 
 Facebook Group 
 Telegram Alerts 
 Pricing & Plans 
 Remote Health 
 Contact Us 
 Blog Posts 
 
 
 Post a Job 
 Post a Resume 
  __Facebook 
 
 Menu 
 PR & Content Marketing Associate 
 
 
 Marketing 
 Anywhere 🌎 
 Posted May 12 
 Applications have closed 
 Canirank 
 
 Overview 
 Outgoing and persuasive, you could have been a brilliant salesperson if you weren't so intellectual… Writing talent and a knack for finding interesting stories hidden in the everyday had you leaning towards journalism, except for that whole "dying industry" thing… Fortunately, there is a niche that offers both strong career potential and a perfect fit for your talents: PR & Content Marketing! 
 No, we're not talking about running damage control after MegaCorp's latest accidental slaughter of dolphins and baby seals. This is PR for SMEs and startups, where the name of the game is to hitch your client's wagon to creative and interesting stories that journalists want to tell anyway, such as data-driven journalism, research studies, trend pieces, roundups, infographics, customer profiles, etc. 
 Even if you're brilliantly creative, success in startup/ SME PR requires an awful lot of hustle: without a Fortune 500 brand in the "From:" field, you'll have to work a lot harder to even get journalists to open your email, let alone listen to your idea. Building authentic relationships with bloggers, journalists, and other influencers in your client's industry is a great first step. Being able to leverage emotional intelligence / empathy / behavioral psychology to write a persuasive pitch seals the deal. 
 If this sounds like the challenge for you, the good news is that you won't have to go it alone! 
 As our new  PR & Content Marketing Associate , you'll join a friendly and whip-smart team of digital marketing professionals dedicated to honing our crafts, achieving great results for our clients, and having fun along the way. Your role will entail everything related to outreach and pitching: responding to journalist inquiries, figuring out ways to get clients' content or products mentioned in websites and media, pitching guest posts and reviews, and collaborating with team members on creative content campaigns that will drive links, social shares, and media mentions. 
 This is a remote work, flex-time, freelance position. Depending on the task and your skill level, you can earn hourly rates ranging from $18-26 / hr or $25 - $300 / task. 
Other benefits include paid training, culture events, performance bonuses, and the opportunity to work with (and learn from) some pretty badass digital marketers! 
 If you enjoy working with us and clients appreciate your work, there is potential to move into a full-time employee role including a comprehensive benefits package. 
 ABOUT YOU 
 
 1-5 years  professional work experience, or internships of extraordinary relevance and quality 
 Exceptional persuasive-  writing  ability: your college application essay made the Dean cry, and your status updates win more “likes” than a skateboarding puppy doing the Harlem Shake. 
 Startup  compatibility: you're comfortable with changing roles, blistering speed, and figuring it out as you go along 
 Passion  for helping small businesses succeed 
 Self-disciplined  : you prefer to structure your own tasks, all the better to try out that new hyper-productivity system you read about last weekend 
 Virtually  extraverted  : it's OK if you're shy at parties, but on the internet you're not afraid to speak up, always remembering that there's a real person on the other side of your monitor, and connecting in an authentic manner whether you're pitching a TechCrunch writer or helping Milfred find a new web host for her gluten free dog biscuit store. 
 
 DEFINITELY APPLY IF ANY OF THE FOLLOWING ALSO APPLY TO YOU: 
 
 Prior success in a remote work startup environment 
 Existing blogger or journalist relationships 
 Experience in an SME-focused PR, SEO, or Content Marketing Agency 
 Tier 1 publication credits to your name 
 
 
 Bookmark Job 
 
 Job Page Views:  579 
 Marketing 
 
  Website  
  Twitter  
  Facebook  
 
 Freelance 
 More Jobs 
 Position closed? 
 Let us know . 
 Share this job: 
 
  Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Join the Remote Slack Community: 
 
 Signup today for free!  🚀 
 Related Jobs 
 
 
 
 Spécialiste en publicités Facebook / Media Buyer 
 Regain Media  Agence de marketing spécialisée dans l'immobilier 
 Anywhere 🌎 
 * Marketing
* December 3
 
 
 
 
 Freelance Writer 
 Luxury Presence  Best-in-class real estate website 
 Anywhere 🌎 
 * Writing
* November 18
 
 
 
 
 Strategic Digital Marketing Expert 
 Insights Lab  We are proud to feature mission-driven brands that focus on more than just their bottom line 
 Anywhere 🌎 
 * Marketing
* October 29
 
 Find Your Dream Job 
 Recruiters looking for remote talent can find your resume based on keywords, job titles, skills and more. 
 Post a resume today 
 WORKEW © 2020 
 Facebook   Twitter   LinkedIn   Instagram   YouTube 
 Back to Top 
 Nomad Insurance by SafetyWing : The best travel medical insurance for freelancers & remote workers Get Insured 
