Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Contracts Manager 
 Loblaw Digital 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 At Loblaw Digital, we know that our customers expect the best from us. Whether that means building the best, most innovative online shopping experience, or designing an app that will impact the lives of people across the country, we’re up for the challenge. From our office in Downtown Toronto, we’ve created leading eCommerce experiences in the online grocery shopping, beauty, pharmacy, and apparel spaces, and we’re only just getting started. 
 The impact you’ll make 
As a Contracts Manager, you will be part of the Strategy & Partnerships team, responsible for being a trusted advisor to the Loblaw Digital team as they make contractual commitments and purchases. This individual advises on the development of all contracts across the organization. You will engage with the team and be the main point of contact on all contract. The Contracts Manager will manage a variety of contracts and subcontracts in accordance with Loblaw policies and procedures applicable laws, and contract requirements. These contracts will be for large-scale, complex, professional services, digital tools and SaaS engagements within multiple industries. 
What you'll do 
Develop working relationships with Loblaw Digital team members, collaborating with contract owners to identify and align on needs, financial goals and business objectives for all SOWs and contracts 
Track all contracts and commitments across Loblaw Digital, including value, milestones and contract renewal and expiry dates 
Work with EPG, IT Security, Privacy and Legal to ensure all agreements and new vendors are aligned with corporate compliance programs, policies and procedures 
Negotiate and draft agreements, ensuring Loblaw’s objectives are achieved while identifying and mitigating risks 
Review existing supplier contracts for opportunities to improve terms, reduce costs or enhance benefits to Loblaw Digital 
Provide status reports to the Loblaw Digital leadership team including a forward-looking view of upcoming contracts (new & renewal), negotiation updates and risks 
Communicate, track and report on contractual legal obligations 
Manage Loblaw Digital Pcard program 
Analyze potential for consolidation, risk mitigation and financial opportunities with existing contracts for additional benefits and collaborate with Enterprise Procurement Group to execute on such opportunities 
Work with the Sr. Director and Loblaw’s legal department on projects related to Loblaw Digital experiences. Such additional activities may include CASL, Accessibility, policies and content 
Work with the Sr. Director as representatives responsible for executing, training and coaching Loblaw Digital colleagues on Compliance 
Does this Sound like you? 
A minimum of BS/BComm in business, engineering, quantitative field or paralegal studies 
Understanding of procurement contract management process 
Previous experience within category management or strategic sourcing would be an added advantage 
External procurement and/or legal certification preferred 
Excellent written/verbal communication skills 
Strong project management skills 
Strong analytical skills 
Strong interpersonal skills 
Strong problem-solving skills 
Demonstrated ability to effectively work with disparate teams 
Advanced understanding of the legal system, especially contract law 
Experience in procurement contract writing 
Working knowledge of the procurement process, including strategic procurement and has the ability to contribute information and expertise to drive results 
Contract and/or business experience in one or more of the following areas: eCommerce, technology (hardware, software, SaaS), IT development, tech support services and marketing 
PC skills (Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint) 
Contract database management experience 
Experience with SAP SRM a plus 
How you’ll succeed 
At Loblaw Digital, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. We’re able to keep innovating because our colleagues are passionate about their work and excited about the future of eCommerce. You will get to work with some of the best digital minds and will have the support of world class technologies to craft products our customers will love! 
 Loblaw Digital recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
