Categories 
 
 Architecture 
 Beer/Wine/Mixology 
 Charity 
 Entertainment 
 Government 
 Real Estate 
 Restaurants/Food 
 Social Media 
 Technology 
 Travel 
 UNC 
 
 
 Architecture   Beer/Wine/Mixology   Charity   Entertainment   Government   Real Estate   Restaurants/Food   Social Media   Technology   Travel   UNC 
 Follow greensboroobserver on WordPress.com 
 
 RSS - Posts 
 RSS - Comments 
 
 Follow greensboroobserver on WordPress.com 
 Greensboro Observer Facebook 
 
 Greensboro Observer Facebook 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 My Aggravating Year…  on  Obamacare (ACA) to Cost UNC $4… 
 
 
 
 
 
 NitWitCharmer (@NitW…  on  Peter Pan (Robin Williams) fig… 
 
 
 
 Billy Jones  on  A Thousand Words and 30 Rounds… 
 
 
 Kim on  Everyone Celebrating NC'… 
 
 
 
 
 Billy Jones  on  Everyone Celebrating NC'… 
 
 
 
 Search 
 Search 
 Blogs I Read 
 
 Billy Jones - East Greensboro Performing Arts Center 
 Blog on the Run 
 Ed Cone 
 Greensboro101 
 Hartzman's 
 Mixology Group 
 Onyx Plate 
 Piedmont Publius 
 Roch101 
 Triad City Beat 
 Triad Conservative 
 TriadWatch 
 Yes! Weekly Blog 
 
 Links to My Company Pages 
 
 Beerby App 
 Burger Warfare Facebook 
 Darryl's Wood Fired Grill Facebook 
 Darryl's Wood Fired Grill Website 
 Kotis Facebook 
 Kotis LinkedIn Profile 
 Kotis Website 
 Marshall Free House Facebook 
 Outdoor Signage 
 Pig Pounder Brewery Facebook 
 Restaurant Investors Facebook 
 Yo Daddy Dessert Bar Facebook 
 
 News Sources I Read 
 
 Ad Week 
 BBC News 
 Carolina Plott Hound 
 Daily Tar Heel 
 News & Record 
 Rhino Times 
 Triad Business Journal 
 USA Today 
 Wall Street Journal 
 Yes! Weekly 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 31,743 Visitors 
 
 RSS Links 
 
 RSS - Posts 
 RSS - Comments 
 
 Top Clicks 
 
 greensboroobserver.files.… 
 greensboroobserver.files.… 
 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Search 
 
 Widgets 
 Search 
 
   
 greensboroobserver 
 Observations in Greensboro, NC 
 Government ,  UNC 
 Do Students Want a Degree or a Career? 
 May 1, 2014 greensboroobserver Fayetteville Observer ,  Fayetteville State University Chancellor Anderson ,  Methodist University ,  Methodist University Spring Entrepreneurial Leadership Summit   5 Comments 
 " You shouldn’t measure success by how many students are coming in and even graduating. We should measure success by how many students are getting jobs. Especially, jobs that they study for." 
 Said Governor McCrory, Tuesday night at Methodist University's Spring Entrepreneurial Leadership Summit to a group that included Fayetteville State University Chancellor Anderson and the President of Methodist University. 
 The Fayetteville Observer has the full story. 
 
 Governor McCrory at Methodist University Spring Entrepreneurial Leadership Summit 
 I believe that people go to school to learn skills that will enable them to be successful in their careers. They're also choosing to invest a significant amount of money for that education. The schools need to deliver a solid Return on Investment to the students (and anyone else that's helping to pay for that education). 
 A rewarding career in a chosen field is a primary metric. 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 Email 
 Print 
 More 
 
 
 
 Tumblr 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 Reddit 
 
 
 Pocket 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Standard 
 Post navigation 
 -> VIDEO of Congressman Howard Coble's Endorsement of Phil Berger, Jr. for his 6th District Seat 
 <- Is the News & Record on Drugs? 
 5 thoughts on "Do Students Want a Degree or a Career?" 
 
 Lex  says: 
 
 Yes and no. Hardly anyone spends a full career in one job or even one field anymore, and an undergraduate education needs to speak to that reality. For the past 10 years, and off and on before that, I've held jobs that either looked very different when I graduated in 1982 or, more often, didn't even exist. I adapted not because of my English major but because the whole curriculum I studied gave me analytical skills, problem-solving bents and talents, and communications skills that have been valuable in every job I've held -- and the flexibility and adaptability to roll with the changing needs of employers. 
 Also, good writing and good people management are still a lot harder to find than you'd think, and more important in both business and nonprofits than ever. 
 Yes, a college education should provide an excellent return on investment. But to expect a significant part of that return early in one's career is ludicrous. You're making that investment for a 45-year horizon, give or take. And even since the Great Recession, and the intentional suppression of economic growth that has followed it, that investment is still providing, over that period, an average annual return of about 15%, far better than the stock market, bonds, Treasuries, oil, even gold. 
  May 1, 2014 at 9:23 pm    Reply 
 
 greensboroobserver  says: 
 
 Agreed - the rewarding career is a long term metric. However, given the cost of an education, the wages earned should allow that debt to be repaid or a reasonable return over a reasonable time. From a purely financial standpoint, you could run a discounted cash flow analysis. Some people forget to count the opportunity cost and experience level. 
 Among various education options, which paths yield the highest returns? 
  May 1, 2014 at 9:38 pm    Reply 
 
 Roch says: 
 
 A good education delivers more than an employable skill set. Learning how to think logically, being able to put one's experiences in context (historically, cosmologically, biologically, etc), learning how to understand people, grasp, evaluate and incorporate concepts, how to postulate, test and articulate one's own ideas, how to question, explore and create—these are the kinds of things that equip people to be complete humans and not just the cogs in the wheel the "teach for the job" mentality produces. 
  May 2, 2014 at 1:02 am    Reply 
 * [greensboroobserver](https://greensboroobserver.wordpress.com) says:
 
 I agree. But where do you learn those skills. Elementary School, High School, Community College, University, Graduate School? And do you need to attend a certain caliber school? Do you need to continue your education throughout your life or is it a one shot deal? 
 If you are given a finite amount of resources, do you allocate all of them to one individual or do you try and impact ten people? 
  May 2, 2014 at 1:42 am    Reply 
 
 Lex  says: 
 
 That 15%-per-year figure did in fact include the opportunity cost of not working during one's college years, just fyi. 
 The best short-term ROI is community college, but that's because the costs relative to traditional college are so low, not because the increase in lifetime earnings is so much greater. (It makes for a smaller denominator for calculating ROI, in other words.) 
  May 2, 2014 at 8:42 pm    Reply 
 Comment are welcome. Let's hear your thoughts!  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
