Skip to content 
 
 John Parkinson 
 Ruminative rumblings 
 
 Primary Menu 
 
 Home 
 Deliberative Systems 
 Public Space 
 Other Research 
 Teaching 
 About 
 
 Search Search for: 
 News 
 A new job in Europe! 
 Followers of my social media feeds will already know this, but on 1 January 2019 I take up a new position as Professor of Social and Political Philosophy in the  Department of Philosophy ,  Faculty of Arts and Social Sciences  at Maastricht University in the Netherlands. 
 It's a rather exciting opportunity because the whole faculty works in a very boundary-crossing way. The department itself has both analytic and continental philosophers, but also social and political theorists from a number of backgrounds including anthropology, cultural studies, development and more, and so they interpret philosophy very broadly, much more so than is common. Research and teaching are both organised in cross-disciplinary clusters. Given the way that my own work is hard to categorise, I think this is going to be an excellent fit. 
 My research agenda will continue to focus on deliberative systems and their empirical investigation, especially the use of big data sets; and I'm developing a cultural account of deliberation, and political communication more generally. Both will be given an important boost by my new colleagues in the European Studies research group -- of which I will be a member -- and Cultural Studies. But I'll be planning workshops, connecting with colleagues right around Europe, and hope to me a much more regular host and visitor. 
 At the same time, I will still be Adjunct Professor of Politics in the  Centre for Deliberative Democracy and Global Governance  at the University of Canberra, and will be visiting as often as I can. 
 Of course, the symbolism of moving to Maastricht in the midst of Brexit has not escaped me. When I got British citizenship, one of the most meaningful things to me was the fact that EU citizenship came with it. I'm looking forward to being at the heart of all that once more. 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 
 Click to print (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 John Parkinson Friday, 26 October 2018Friday, 18 January 2019 deliberative systems ,  job ,  Maastricht ,  philosophy 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Previous post:  Waves hello 
 Next Next post: Parliament Rebuilding - don't let them seal themselves off 
 Sidebar 
 Follow John Parkinson on WordPress.com 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Category Cloud 
 Academia   Australian policy and politics   Deliberation and deliberative democracy   Media and political communication   News   New Zealand politics and policy   Public Policy   Public space   Research projects   UK politics and policy   Uncategorized 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
