Media Mining Digest 
 Curated knowledge for innovators 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 
 <- Media Mining Digest 239 – Jun 10, 2016: Afghanistan Journalism, AMA Challenges, Antarctic Climate and Anti-Nuclear Activists, Argentine Mass Executions, Assisted Suicide, ATMs in Mayanmar, Australia Employment Concerns, Banking, Big Data Use and Abuse, Brain Functions, Breakfast Value, Budgeting, Business Change Process, Business Ethics, Child Poverty, Climate Warming Progress, Clinical Trial Problems, College Finances, Communication Techniques, Coral and Oral Research, Creative Process, Cuba Overview, Cults, Deobandis Islam, Design Renegades, Diabetes Prevention, Dirty Tricks, Embryo Research, English Parliament Opening, Ever Forward Club, Exploration and Exploitation, Federal Reserve Insights, Feminism, Financial Sector Problems, Foreign Policy, Gender Discrimination, Gender Pay Gap, Geriatric Health Care, Gig Economy, Global Health Aid Efforts, GMO Debate, Government Budget Process, Guantanamo Project, Gun Violence Reduction, Heat Waves in India and Pakistan, Hiroshima Story, Historical Gaps, Housing Cost, Immigration Politics, Information Overload, Innovation Lag in Canada, Innovation Education, Insanity Cases, Internet Threats and Tactics, Internet Uses, John Hickenlooper, Killiam Prize Winners, Latin America, Lead Poisoning Loons, Liberal Definition, Marc Andreessen, Marriage Rates, Mary Chapin Carpenter, Medical Patient Stories, Millennials, Monetary Policy and Great Recession, Money Laundering, Movie Science, News Media Corruption, Newspaper Trends, Oil Company Futures, Panama Papers, Paper and Writing, Parkinsons and Michael Kinsley, PFOA Water Contamination, Political Correctness, Political Speech Writer, Politics and News Media, Poverty Case Study, Predictive Policing, Racial Violence Art, Ransomware for Cars, Refugees, Reproductive Rights, Retirement Careers, Retirement Problems in Canada, Robert Levinson Hostage, School Social Services, Sebastian Junger, Social Security Future, Solar Panel Installation, Storm Strength Increase, Sucrose, Sugars and Sweeteners, Syria Reporter Hazards, Taxonomer, Telephone Security, TESLA Motors Shareholder Meeting, Thyroid Diseases, Toxic Substances Control Act, TSA Issues, Unabomber, US Navy Energy Research, Vanguard Fund Investments, Vietnam vs China, Violence Against Women, War Definition, Waste Reduction, Water Law, Welfare in America, Wildfires in Alberta 
 Media Mining Digest 241 – Jun 24, 2016: Africa Modernization, Alexander McCall Smith, Archive Value, Arctic Issues, Barbara Boxer, Bay of Fundy Power, Bhopal Disaster, Biofuel, Bird and Bees of Life, Body Part Fabrication, Bracero Program Lecture, Bronze Age Collapse, Bruce Bochy, Bullying Effects, Chronic Pain Management, Coroner History Lecture, Creative Paradigms, Drug Overdoses, Economic Competitiveness, Electric Rail History, European Disunion, Extinction Process, Facial Identification Database, Family Violence in Australia, Farm Equipment Auction, Fat and Sugar, Finance Industry Impact, Genetic Engineering, Gilded Age Lecture, Ginseng, GMO Trees, Gun Control Status, Hardware Hacker, Heart Overview, Higher Education, Historical Perspective, Information Overload, Intersex Issues, Investment Newsletters, Iran Sexual Issues, ISIS Kill Lists, Judicial Bias, Ketogenic Diets, Kids and Money, Life Extension Diet, Lithium Kidney Damage, Lynchings in the South, Male Empathy Training, Mass Incarcerations of 60s-70s, Mass Migrations of 1900s, Migration to Sweden, National Security Efforts, Nixon White House Recording System, Ocean Mapping, Performance Enhancing Drugs, Peter Bogdanovich, Police Reform History, Power Defined, Power Grid Defense, Power Trends-Australia, Productivity Mentor, Psych Ward Insights, Rat Control, Refugee Policy History, Relief Efforts by U.S., Sexual Health of Women, Sharing Economy, Stanford Sex Case, Startup Drug Business, Suicide Ethics, Supreme Court Role, Syria Murders, Syrian Hostages, Team Rubicon, Technology Trends, Terrorist Recruitment, Tiger Tracking, Torpedo Music, Wartime Families, Welfare Benefits, Welfare State, Women in the Workplace, World War One Myths -> 
 Media Mining Digest 240 – Jun 17, 2016: Aircraft Careers, Airline Industry, Alcohol Blackouts, American Muslims, Antibiotic Crisis, Antonio Villaraigaso, Argentina Mass Executions, Arginine Patent Troll, Arms Control, Asteroid Threat, Audits by Publishers, Bataan Death March, Bathroom History, Being Human, Birch Trees, Bullying in School, California Water Regulation, Capitalism Declines, Cardboard Construction, Child Welfare Disparities, China and India, Climate Change, College Class Test Out, College Stresses, Computational Biology, Confidence Games, Corruption in Azerbaijan, Creativity Process, Decarbonization, Deobandis Islam, Diatoms, Dick Cavett, Digital Discrimination, Disaster Aftermaths, Do Gooders, E-book Decline, Educate Girls, Educational Electronics, Electric Vehicle Future, Federal Reserve, Food Safety Law, Freedom-embracing Humans, Geoengineering, Google at Work, Government Breakdowns, Gymnastics Training, Habit Losses, Hamilton, Hipcamp, Housing Price Bubble, India Book Podcast, Inequality in America, Iran-US Relations, Iran Arrests Canadian, IRS Commissioner Misconduct Hearing, James Meredith, Jordan, Justice Brandeis, Kevin Kelly-Futurist, Left-Hand Driving, Libertarian Convention Debate, Mattress Store Bubble, Medical Student Depression, Meditation, Military Medical Science, Muhammad Ali, New England Slavery, Pain Management, Patient Algorithm, Peak Oil-M. King Hubbert, Pelvic Floor Health, Penicillin History, Poverty, Precision Public Health, Privileged Communication Ethics, Productivity Hacks, Programmer Mitch Waite, Protest Music, Psychosis Detection, Queensland-Australia, Ransomware in Canada, Rape in Brazil, Rational Voters, Refugees in France, Roy Henry Vickers, Self-driving Car, Sharing Economy, Shikimic Acid, Social Awkwardness, Stanford Sex Assault, Startup Drug Business, Stereotypes, Student Job Training, Supreme Court Podcast, Sustainable Development, Syria, Terrorism, Think Tanks, Tobacco and Fuel Wars, Undocumented Employers, US Marine, Utopias, Venezuela Inflation, Water Issues, Whistleblowers, White Rage, Whitey Bulger, Wine and Paleo Diet, Wolf Control, Working Class Changes, Zika Virus by Virologists 
 Posted on  June 17, 2016  by  virginiajim 
 The best 116 podcasts from a larger group of 244 for the week are shown below. Double or ctrl-click individual highlighted titles to get single podcasts and explore the source, although it’s easier to get all of them as a zip file  here  for the next four months. A collection of over 9000 similar podcasts grouped by topic can be downloaded piecemeal  here ,  but you will be limited to a 4GB maximum per download, so twelve of those will be needed to get all files, which total over 45GB and will take awhile. The first entry of that collection is a text file listing all the titles for quick searches and researching. All these abstracts have also been assembled alphabetically in three free large volumes at this  link  and are updated quarterly. Even more diversity is possible using a podcast aggregator loaded with this  opml  file of 325 sources so even the discarded podcasts can be downloaded. 
 A   ircraft Careers  58 mins - “Today we have a special guest who is transitioning from an Air Force loadmaster to professional pilot. Larry Unger is truly an inspiration. If you are considering transitioning from the military to a professional pilot you need to hear his story. Larry is an advocate for those considering serving their country through a career in the military. He explains how military service will enhanced your life and career. ” At the link right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Airline Industry  43 mins - “Patrick Smith, the author of Cockpit Confidential, answers every question we can throw at him about what really happens up in the air. Just don't get him started on pilotless planes -- or whether the autopilot is actually doing the flying.” At the link left-click the circle with three dots, right-click “Download File,” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Alcohol Blackouts  48 mins - “Sarah Hepola once got so drunk that she gave a presentation to 300 people — and didn't remember a thing the next day. She wrestles with her reasons for drinking in the memoir 'Blackout,' now out in paperback. Rock historian Ed Ward tells the story of Herman's Hermits.” At the link right-click “Download this Episode” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 American Muslims  47 mins - “It’s been a rough stretch for American Muslims. September 11th set the table. People tried to get back to normal. Working, living, studying, going for the American dream. But the headwinds in the headlines kept coming. The rise of ISIS cast a shadow. A trickle of radicalization got lots of attention. Then Donald Trump called for a ban on Muslim entry. San Bernardino took its terrible toll. Ramadan starts on Sunday. We want to hear from our fellow citizens. This hour On Point, American Muslims, 2016.” At the link find the title, “Muslim Americans At Ramadan, 2016, Jun,” right-click “Media files npr_480634831.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu 
 Antibiotic Crisis  47 mins - “A new superbug resistant to our antibiotic of last resort has shown up in the U.S. We look at the threat, and our dwindling antibiotic options. On Wednesday, May 26, 2016, U.S. military officials reported the first U.S. human case of bacteria resistant to an antibiotic used as a last resort drug. The 49-year-old woman has recovered from an infection of E. coli resistant to colistin. But officials fear that if the resistance spreads to other bacteria, the country may soon see germs impervious to all antibiotics. (Janice Carr/CDC via AP) We’ve heard for years that the effectiveness of antibiotics we use to fight everything from ear aches to urinary tract infections was at risk. Last week, bad news on that front. A new federal push to track down superbugs found one almost as soon as it started looking. In the United States. The first patient ever found here with a bacteria resistant to what is now our last line of antibiotic defense. This hour On Point, are we entering the post-antibiotic age? And what do we do about it?” (3 guests) At the link find the title, “Antibiotic Resistant Superbug Arrives In America, May, 2016,” right-click “Media files npr_480159512.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Antonio Villaraigaso  63 mins - “In 2013, Antonio Villaraigosa finished his two terms as mayor of Los Angeles, a city of nearly 4 million residents, after eight years of major strides in transportation, crime reduction, infrastructure, energy and resource sustainability, "right-sizing" government, business development and education reform. Before his time in the mayor's office, he served as an L.A. city council member and speaker of the California Assembly. He has more than 20 years of leadership experience at the highest levels of state and municipal government, as well as in business, political, educational and nonprofit organizations.” At the link right-click “Play Now” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Argentina Mass Executions P2  39 mins - “Valeria Perasso and Alejandro Millán travel to Colombia and witness the search for victims who vanished over the last decade in the country's 50-year-long armed conflict, and hear the voices of families looking for missing young students in Mexico - all with the help of the Equipo Argentino de Antropología Forense, or EAAF as they are best known.” At the link find the title, “Listening to the Bones - Part Two, Jun, 2016,” right-click “Media files p03xhbst.mp3” and select “Save Link As” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Arginine Patent Troll  21 mins - “Two bodybuilders go at it over a Stanford university patent. And we dive in to make sense of it.” At the link find the title, “#705: The Muscle Patents, Jun, 2016,” right-click “Media files 20160610_pmoney podcast061016.mp3,” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Arms Control  14 mins  - “In some parts of the world, it's easier to get an automatic rifle than a glass of clean drinking water. Is this just the way it is? Samantha Nutt, doctor and founder of the international humanitarian organization War Child, explores the global arms trade — and suggests a bold, common sense solution for ending the cycle of violence. "War is ours," she says. "We buy it, sell it, spread it and wage it. We are therefore not powerless to solve it." At the link left-click “Download,” then right-click “Download audio” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Asteroid Threat  24 mins - On June 2, 2016, NASA confirmed the bright burst of light over Arizona skies to be an asteroid exploding — a mere 90 kilometers above the earth. This came just a few days after another asteroid event in Mexico, where sonic booms and bright flashes marked an asteroid's entry into the earth's atmosphere. These recent close calls have brought attention to those scientific voices urging the world to pay more attention to asteroids, and the threat they pose. NASA aerospace engineer says we need to do more to stop killer asteroids There are 1700 "potentially hazardous" asteroids around Earth, says NASA aerospace engineer.” At the link find the title, “NASA aerospace engineer says we need to do more to stop killer asteroids,” right-click “Download NASA aerospace engineer says we need to do more to stop killer asteroids,” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Audits   by   Publishers  59 mins - “If you’re a society publisher, have you ever heard yourself say?…  “We need an increasing number of staff to keep the journal going.” “We have a new editor and his expectations are completely unreasonable.” “Our journal is losing money for us.” “I’m not sure if we are operating with industry best practice.”  Then, it could be time for an audit.” At the link right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Bangladeshi Problems  27 mins - “Lipika Pelham travels to a remote part of south eastern Bangladesh to report on claims of human rights abuses against indigenous inhabitants of the area. The Chittagong Hill Tracts are home to thirteen indigenous groups with the Chakma, Marma, Chak and Mro mostly practicing Theravada Buddhism. Thousands were forced off their lands from the 1960s until the 1990s. An insurgency that started in the mid 1970s ended in a peace settlement in 1997 under which the army was supposed to withdraw but it continues to maintain a tight grip on the area. The resettlement of tens of thousands of Bengalis from other parts of the country has only added to tensions. Lipika is one of the few journalists from a foreign media organisation to report from there in recent years. She has returned with first-hand accounts of alleged rape and torture and hears claims that soldiers have been involved in evicting people from their homes. Her report carries details of attempts to forcibly convert young children to Islam as well as accusations of rape by Bengali settlers of girls as young as thirteen.” At the link find the title, “Bangladesh’s Hidden Shame, Jun, 2016,” right-click “Media files p03xq0fn.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu 
 B   ataan Death March  52 mins - “In 1942 the Japanese army forced about 70,000 US and Philippine prisoners of war to march some 80 miles across the Bataan Peninsula on the way to a prison camp. More than 10,000 died or were summarily executed along the way. Among the survivors was Gene Jacobsen, who published a book about the ordeal. Jacobsen died in 2007 at the age of 85. Monday, we're rebroadcasting his story of three and a half years as a prisoner of war…Gene Jacobsen died May 25, 2007 at the age of 85. Scroll to the bottom of this page in the  University of Utah Alumni Association Newsletter  to read more about his life. His book is called 'We Refused to Die'” At the link right-click the play button beside Listen” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Bathroom History  51 mins - “In recent months, bathrooms have become a topic of heated debate. At issue is who should be allowed into which restroom. The Obama administration says public school students should be able to use facilities that correspond with their chosen gender identity. Opponents say they’re worried about the dangers of a gender free-for-all in the nation’s restrooms. Thursday, we’re talking about the clash over sex-segregated bathrooms. We’ll also ask how we came to have gendered lavatories in the first place.”  At the link right-click the play button beside “Listen” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Being Human  12 mins - “What are your dreams? Better yet, what are your broken dreams? Dan Pallotta dreams of a time when we are as excited, curious and scientific about the development of our humanity as we are about the development of our technology. "What we fear most is that we will be denied the opportunity to fulfill our true potential," Pallotta says. "Imagine living in a world where we simply recognize that deep, existential fear in one another — and love one another boldly because we know that to be human is to live with that fear." At the link left-click “Download,” then right-click “Download audio” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Birch   T   rees  4 mins - “…Birch is a hard wood, good for furniture and plywood. But it has to be well-cured or it warps. Hughes' Spruce Goose was really made from a special plywood - layers of birch veneer. Hughes put teams of women to work ironing the veneer to stabilize it before they made it into plywood. You gaze up at that great gun-metal gray airplane and it's hard to connect it with birch trees. But it is a true cousin of the Indian canoe. Same strength and buoyancy….” At the link right-click “Click here for audio….” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Bullying in School  20 mins - “Experts say school anti-bullying programs can actually do more harm than good.” At the link find the title, “Teen suicides in Woodstock, Ont., spur discussion on effectiveness of bullying programs,” right-click “Download Teen suicides in Woodstock, Ont., spur discussion on effectiveness of bullying programs” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 California Water Regulation  59 mins - “Join Michael Carlin, COO of San Francisco PUC Water and Power, Patrick Koepele and Peter Drekmeier, executive director and policy director respectively of the Tuolumne River Trust, for an end-of-April 2016 report on what has happened with El Nino, the weather and the snow pack, as well as the continuing effects of the Yosemite Rim Fire to ease drought problems and bring water and growth cycles much needed in California at large and the Bay Area and the Central Valley specifically. Our speakers have extensive experience in the history and currency of California land, rivers, coastal areas and mountains as well as our urban areas, rivers and agriculture. What do we know from science, projected demands and expectations and forecasts for California water now and in the future?” At the link right-click “Play Now” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 C   apitalism Declin   es  65 mins - “Every 500 years or so, European civilization and now world civilization, has been rocked by fundamental shifts in its value regime, in which the rules of the game for acquiring wealth and livelihoods have dramatically changed. Following Benkler’s seminal Wealth of Networks, which first identifies peer production, the P2P Foundation has collated a vast amount of empirical evidence of newly emerging value practices, which exist in a uneasy relationship with the dominant political economy, and of which some authors claim, like Jeremy Rifkin and Paul Mason, that it augurs a fundamental shift. What would be the conditions for this new regime to become autonomous and even dominant, and what are the signs of it happening? As context, we will be using the Tribes, Institutions, Markets, Networks framework of David Ronfeldt, the Relational Grammar of Alan Page Fiske, and the evolution of modes of exchange as described by Kojin Karatini in The Structure of World History. We will argue that there is consistent evidence that the structural crises of the dominant political economy is leading to responses that are prefigurative of a new value regime, of which the seed forms can be clearly discerned.” At the link right-click “Download the Audio MP3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Cardboard Construction  54 mins - “Keeping Off The Rain With A Cardboard Roof, Arctic Fox Turns Stark Tundra Into Green Space, Squid and Octopus Thrive in Changing Oceans, The Antarctic Did Not Escape The Mass Extinction, Exercise Can Impair Your Eyesight, Moths Tell Bats They Taste Nasty.” At the link find the title, “Making A Cardboard House, plus, Squid and Octopus Get A Grip on Climate Change, Arctic Fox Are Good Gardeners, and more – 2016/06/04,” right-click “Media files quirksaio_20160604_68604.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Child Welfare Disparities  20 mins - “How does child welfare need to change to address the overrepresentation of black and Aboriginal children in care?” At the link find the title, “Ontario children's aid will collect race data to address overrepresentation,” right-click “Download Ontario children's aid will collect race data to address overrepresentation,”and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 C   hina and India Contrasts  63 mins - “Anja Manuel, Co-founder and Partner, RiceHadleyGates LLC; Author, This Brave New World: India, China, and the United States; Twitter  @AnjaManuel1  Lenny Mendonca, Director Emeritus, McKinsey & Company; Member, Commonwealth Club Board of Governors—Moderator In the next decade and a half, China and India will become two of the world’s indispensable powers—whether they rise peacefully or not. During that time, Asia will surpass the combined strength of North America and Europe in economic might, population size, and military spending. India and China will have vetoes over many international decisions, from climate change to global trade, human rights, and business standards. From her front row view of this colossal shift, first at the State Department and now as an advisor to American business leaders, Anja Manuel will take us on an intimate tour of the corridors of power in Delhi and Beijing. We wring our hands about China, Manuel writes, while we underestimate India, which will be the most important country outside the West to shape China’s rise. Manuel shows us that a different path is possible: We can bring China and India along as partners rather than alienating one or both, and thus extend our own leadership in the world.” At the link right-click “Play Now” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 China Economic Growth  78 mins - Panel discussion with three guests at the University of Colorado Conference on World Affairs titled, “China is Rattling the World’s Economy”. At the link find and right-click beside the number 5114 and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu 
 Climate Change Politics  79 mins - Panel discussion with three guests at the University of Colorado Conference on World Affairs titled, “CLIMATE SERIES: Political Views on Climate Change: A Widening Gap”. At the link find and right-click beside the number 5116 and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Climate Change Psychology  79 mins - “If climate change makes you feel anxious, depressed or powerless, psychologists say you’re not alone. Can talking it out help drive change?  Joshua Freedman , CEO, Six Seconds; Author, Inside Change: Transforming Your Organization with Emotional Intelligence (Six Seconds, 2010);  Renee Lertzman , Climate Engagement Strategist;  Joan Blades , Co-founder, LivingRoomConversations.org”  At the link right-click “Play Now” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 College Class Test Out  51 mins - “What do you do when you're going into your 4th year of college - and then you school tells you the rest of your classes are unavailable? You test out of them, save thousands of dollars, and graduate a semester early - that's what you do. Or, at least, that's what my friend Jay Cross did. Jay found himself in this situation as he was readying to complete his senior year. His school had no idea when they'd offer the classes he needed again; they didn't really make it seem like they cared either. Instead of waiting around, though, Jay started taking stock of his options - and found out about tons of opportunities for testing out of classes. By utilizing these opportunities, he finished his entire senior year in a single semester, and he saved thousands in the process. Now, Jay runs Do It Yourself Degree, a website that teaches other students how to do the same thing. So, if you're looking to cut the time you spend in school, save money, and waste less hours sitting in class, give this episode a listen. Things mentioned in this episode: DSST Test; CLEP Exams; Jay's Test Out of College: Graduate in 1 year with Degree-by-Examination article; Myth of the High-Paying Major….” At the link find the title, “How to Test out of College Courses (Ep. 49),” right-click “Media files 7235.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 College Stresses  109 mins - “…When I was high schooler trying to prepare for college, I basically equated “college-ready” to “becoming an adult.” As my senior year drew to a close, I spent a good amount of time trying to prepare myself for a life that would be largely independent from my parents and require a lot more responsibility. I made sure I was able to do my own taxes and generally manage my finances, set up time and task management systems, and created plans for getting involved and plugging into a community right as I entered college. In this episode, Martin and I try to give you a crash course on many of the things I tried to prepare for, in addition to many of the questions and uncertainties most students face….” At the link you can listen at up to 1.25x, or right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Computational Biology  51 mins - Panel discussion with three guests at the University of Colorado Conference on World Affairs titled, “Computational Biology: Using Biology & Computers to Model Artificial Life”. Sound is less than perfect. At the link find and right-click beside the number 5118 and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Confidence Games  60 mins “This week we're looking at the science -- and art -- of the con, from huge Ponzi schemes to small-time frauds. We speak to  Maria Konnikova  about her new book  The Confidence Game: Why We Fall for It… Every Time"  on the psychology of the con and why we keep falling for the same old tricks. This episode is hosted by  Bethany Brookshire, science writer from Science News. ” At the link right-click the down-pointing arrow and select “Save Link As” from the pp-up menu. 
 Corruption in Azerbaijan  18 mins - “Released from jail, Azerbaijani investigative journalist shares her experience with power, corruption, sex tapes, blackmail and revenge.” At the link find the title, “Blackmailed and imprisoned by government, journalist tells her story, Jun, 2016,” right-click “Media files current_20160608_73449.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Creativity Process  80 mins - Panel discussion with four guests at the University of Colorado Conference on World Affairs titled, “Creativity: Breaking the Blocks & Keeping the Flow”. At the link find and right-click beside the number 5314 and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Decarbonization  59 mins - “Lord Nicholas Stern, Chair, Center for Climate Change Economics and Policy, London School of Economics Steve Westly, Founder and Managing Partner, The Westly Group Carbon pollution has recently dropped despite continued growth of the global economy. Supporters of clean energy cheered that news, and say it demonstrates that combatting climate change can be accomplished without massive economic pain. Was the decoupling of economic growth and carbon pollution just because of China’s slowing economy and temporary dip in coal use? What areas of the clean economy are most promising for investors and job-seekers? Lord Nicholas Stern is former chief economist of the World Bank and one of the foremost global experts on moving from fossil fuels to cleaner energy. When world leaders signed the historic Paris climate accord last year, Lord Stern was cheering in the front, row standing alongside Al Gore. Steve Westly leads a venture capital firm that made early investments in Tesla and the biofuel firm Anyris. It currently holds a position in Good Eggs, Planet Labs, Revolution Foods, RecycleBank, WaterSmart, and other companies pursuing more sustainable capitalism. Steve Westly was an early executive at eBay and is a former controller of the state of California.” At the link right-click “Play Now” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Deobandis   Islam P2  27 mins - “The BBC's former Pakistan correspondent Owen Bennett Jones continues his exploration of South Asia’s Deobandi Muslim movement. He heads across the border to Pakistan, where Deobandi ideology has provided spiritual guidance for both militant groups like the Taliban and a strictly non-violent missionary movement. So how can a single school of thought follow such different paths? Owen explores the role the Deobandi ideology has played in shaping Pakistan's identity, and how the Pakistani state has tapped into the intolerant elements of Deobandi teachings to fuel state-sponsored jihad - be it fighting the Soviets in Afghanistan or the Indians in Kashmir. Empowered by a ready supply of cash and guns, a relatively small number of Deobandi militants have caused havoc across the country, in the form of sectarian violence, and anti-state violence, as violent groups turn their guns on their masters. Pakistan created a monster by endorsing Deobandi militancy - so how can it bring it under control?” At the link find the title, “The Deobandis: Pakistan, Jun, 2016,” right-click “Media files p03xlxwy.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Diatoms  28 mins – (Starts about the 8 min mark.)“Beth interviews Dr Sarah Spaulding, of the Institute for Arctic and Alpine Research here in Boulder. Sarah studies microscopic single celled algae, creatures that photosynthesize but aren’t plants. She discusses their ecological roles in numerous ecosystems as well as challenges in identifying them and her long term goals in studying these elusive but ubiquitous creatures. See more at  https://westerndiatoms.colorado.edu/  “ At the link right-lick “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Dick Cavett  76 mins - “Gilbert and Frank return to the NYC Podfest for a return engagement with their very first guest, legendary talk show host, comic and author Dick Cavett. In a lively (and LIVE) interview, Dick holds court on a host of topics, including World War II propaganda, John Cassavetes' boozing, the lost "Tonight Show" episodes and the rapier wit of Pat McCormick. Also, Dick chats up Zeppo (and Gummo!), Groucho proposes to Truman Capote, Jack Benny gets the last word and a young Dick meets his idol, Bob Hope. PLUS: Robert Q. Lewis! Claude Rains trivia! Remembering Sig Ruman! Gilbert and Dick share a milkshake! And George Jessel weighs in on Uncle Miltie's manhood!” At the link find the title, “#106: Dick Cavett LIVE @ 2016 NYC Podfest,” right-click “Enclosure:  http://tracking.feedpress.it/link/12243/3535111/e06bec69-051e-48a4-b939-125bf45235f2.mp3”  and select “Save Link As” From the pop-up menu. 
 D   igital Discrimination  27 mins - “Are we seeing digital discrimination in the sharing economy? A study from Harvard Business School in the US has found that the colour of your skin might affect the rents you can receive when you share your property on Airbnb. Benjamin Edelman, Associate Professor at Harvard Business School explains his findings. Airbnb told Click that they are dedicated to this topic, and they are carrying out a full review with experts to find out the best way to address these challenges….” At the link right-click “Download MP3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Disaster Aftermath   s  39 mins - “Looking at triage mnemonic methods for disaster applications in this episode of the Disaster Podcast. Hosts Jamie Davis, the Podmedic and Sam Bradley are joined again by Dr. Joe Holley to talk about the various triage methods that are used out there when you have multiple patients to managed in a disaster event. Whether it is  START  or  SALT , all can show us some tricks to help us manage large numbers of patients….” At the link right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Do Gooders  52 mins - “How far do you go to honor the Golden Rule, to “do unto others”? Chances are you don’t go nearly as far as the people profiled in journalist Larissa MacFarquhar’s new book. The donor who offers up his kidney to a complete stranger; the activist who abandons his normal life to care for lepers; the couple that gives most of their income to charity. These people truly  live  to help others. MacFarquhar joins us Tuesday to explore what extreme altruists can teach us about what it means to be human….Larissa MacFarquhar has been a staff writer at  The New Yorker  since 1998. Previously she was a senior editor at  Lingua Franca  and an advisory editor at  The Paris Review . Her new book is called  Strangers Drowning: Grappling with Impossible Idealism, Drastic Choices, and the Overpowering Urge to Help  ” At the link right-click the play button beside “Listen” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 E-book Decline  12 mins - “…The hope that books may stand where others have fallen lies in declining e-book sales; yet publishers are left pondering what is the underlying cause. This week, a respected industry analyst has put forth a theory that goes beyond the obvious suspects of pricing and access. According to Peter Hildick-Smith of the Codex Group, so-called “digital fatigue” is the hidden e-book killer. “Hildick-Smith’s conclusion is that e-book sales erosion is a combination of ‘digital fatigue’ and the limitation of the reading device user experience,” reports Andrew Albanese,  Publishers Weekly  senior writer, on the curious diagnosis. “I’m tempted to say print is the vinyl of the book business—it is just a better experience. Moreover, Hildick-Smith believes that, based on the data he has seen, rather than rebounding anytime soon, e-books sales will likely continue to fall….” At the link right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Educate Girls  85 mins - Panel discussion with four guests at the University of Colorado Conference on World Affairs titled, “Educate a Girl: Change the World”. At the link find and right-click beside the number 5716 and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu 
 Educational Electronics  107 mins - “Clint Cole, founder and president of Digilent, joins us to talk education, electronics, manufacturing, mobile test equipment, open source (or not) and how future engineers will learn.” At the link right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu 
 Electric Vehicle Future  59 mins - “Today’s electric cars are more fun to drive than ever. And for many, they’re more affordable too. Will California reach its goal of a million EVs by 2020? Sherry Boschert, Co-founder, Plug In America; Author,  Plug-in Hybrids: The Cars That Will Recharge America  (New Society, 2006); Eileen Tutt, Executive Director, California Electric Transportation Coalition”  At the link right-click “Play Now” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Federal Reserve  66 mins - “Robert Heller, Former Governor of the Federal Reserve Board; Former President, VISA U.S.A.; Author,  The Unlikely Governor This event is part of our Good Lit series, underwritten by the Bernard Osher Foundation.  Robert Heller discusses policy issues facing the Federal Reserve: Should the Fed "normalize" monetary policy now? Was "quantitative easing" a success? Is the Fed’s chosen two-percent inflation target appropriate? What happens to the Fed as it pays ever more interest on bank reserves? These and many other important policy issues will be discussed by the author of  The Unlikely Governor .” At the link right-click “Play Now” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Food Safety Law  56 mins - “After many years of debate, the federal Food Safety Modernization Act is finally coming to local farms and producers. The goal is to reduce outbreaks of food-borne illnesses such as Salmonella or Listeria. We'll find out how it aims to do that and what it might mean for farmers in New Hampshire.” At the link right-click the play button beside “Listen” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Freedom-embracing Humans  77 mins - “Continuing on Simone de Beauvoir's _ The Ethics of Ambiguity  _ (1947), parts I and II. We discuss all the various ways to fail to wholly will your own freedom, i.e., will it all the way to where you will the freedom of others. The first step is admitting that human consciousness is an ontological negative, i.e., it doesn't have static being in the way a rock or tree or even an instinct-driven squirrel is, and some people just stop there, really willing nothing at all. These are the "sub-men." Or maybe you sign on to some cause, some goal with all your being: you fill your negativity up with something external (like God, or wanting with all your heart to become an Olympic gymnast, or devotion to doing your job well) and thereby pretend to be determined just like a squirrel is. This is the "serious man," and it's a serious abrogation of your freedom! Or maybe you react against this seriousness and just deny that any such external thing has a hold on you, and actively will to have no values at all. This is nihilism, and it fails the existential test too. …And there are several more iterations before you're really a fully freedom-embracing, authentic human being; in the process she ends up distinguishing herself from other existentialist atheists like Nietzsche (whom she thinks to be too solipsistic) and Camus (p. 129: "To declare that existence is absurd is to deny that it can ever be given a meaning; to say that it is ambiguous is to assert that its meaning is never fixed, that it must be constantly won.").” At the link right-click “download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Geoengineering  60 mins - “Geoengineering may sound like science fiction, but there are many who believe we can — and should — be taking drastic measures to cool our planet down. Oliver Morton, Briefings Editor, The Economist; Author, The Planet Remade: How Geoengineering Could Change the World (Princeton University Press, 2015); Kim Stanley Robinson, Author,  2312  (Orbit, 2012); Ken Caldeira, Climate Scientist, Carnegie Institution for Science, Department of Global Ecology at Stanford University” At the link right-click “Play Now” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 G   oogle at Work  28 mins - “This week on Hidden Brain, Shankar talks to Google's Laszlo Bock for insider tips and insights about what works — and what doesn't work — in recruiting, motivating, and retaining a talented workforce.” At the link find the title, “Episode 34: Google at Work, Jun, 2016,” right-click “Media files 20160603_hiddenbrain_google.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 G   overnment Breakdowns  53 mins - “On the next Reveal, we’re taking you to lawless lands. From Africa and the Middle East to places in Oregon and Texas, we explore what happens in the absence of government and find out who or what comes in to fill the void. Sometimes, it’s a strongman enforcing his will; other times, it’s just anarchy, and occasionally it’s something completely unexpected.” At the link find the title, “Lawless Lands, Jun, 2016,” right-click “Media files Lawless-Lands-1.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Gymnastic Training  69 mins - “It’s been a little while since we’ve done one of these, but we’re back with another “Best Of” episode of the podcast. Featuring guest Coach Christopher Sommer of  Gymnastic Bodies . Hope everyone had a good time at PaleoFX!” At the link right-click “Download Episode Here” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Habitat Losses  25 mins - “By documenting change over time in particular areas, Bernie Krause's nature soundscapes offer insight into the effects of climate change, the California drought and other environmental problems.” At the link find the title, “Nature soundscapes reveal environmental devastation,” right-click “Download Nature soundscapes reveal environmental devastation" and select "Save Link As" from the pop-up menu. 
 Hamilton  52 mins - “Alexander Hamilton is living large these days! Lin-Manuel Miranda’s hit musical about the Founding Father won the Pulitzer Prize for Drama and scored a record-breaking 16 Tony award nominations. In addition, Hamilton’s surge in popularity helped keep his face on the front of the $10 bill. Peter, Ed and Brian take apart the Hamilton phenomenon by considering who Alexander Hamilton was, his legacy (and how it was remade) and why a white migrant from the British West Indies appeals to so many Americans in 2016.” At the link right-click the down-pointing arrow and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Hip   c   amp  29 mins - “It’s summertime, time to make your camping reservations. Oops, should have done that three months ago! This week’s guest on Sea Change Radio, Alyssa Ravasio, noticed that there was a lot of private land that would be perfect for camping, while public campsites were consistently overbooked and too often unavailable. So she started something called  Hipcamp  which is sort of an  Airbnb  meets  Expedia  for campers. Ravasio tells us more about the company’s business model, how they hope to make it easier for more of us to appreciate nature and how her site can be a welcome new source of income for rural property owners.” At the link right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Housing Price Bubble  47 mins - “The housing market is heating up. Home prices are reaching new highs across the country, even causing worries of a new housing bubble. Every region of the country has its own housing market, but stand back and you can see trends. The big trend: across the U.S., home prices are back near record highs. They were 30 percent down at the bottom, in 2012. Now, they’re high and higher. But it’s a split screen. A booming high end, where the money is. Tough for first-time buyers - to get the down payment, to get a mortgage. Gentrification, hot. And renters, paying big. This hour On Point, we dig in to the American housing market now.” (4 guests) At the link find the title, “American Housing Prices Going Big, Again, Jun, 2016,” right-click “Media files npr_480458244.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 India Book Podcast  26 mins - “In this newscast, dated June 8, 2016; we talk about Four news stories related to Book Publishing in India, and also pricing of ebooks on Kobo India store. The news stories include: a. Children's books in India and Tatas' collaboration with Mumbai Lit Festival. b. Interview of Author Ashwin Sanghi, and Indian media's fascination with comparing Indian icons with Icons of the west. c. SIze of the textbook printing market in the Southern Indian state of Telangana, and finally, d. Use of e-Textbooks by college students in India. In the analysis section, we talk about pricing of ebooks on the Kobo India store, and a dsicussion on the different genres that seem to be selling well.” At the link find the title, “NewsCast 8- How to Price Books on Kobo India, Jun, 2016,” right-click “Media files 4668746-newscast-8-how-to-price-books-on-kobo-india.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Inequality in America  35 mins - “Here’s what the 2016 election should be about:  Winner-Take-All Politics — How Washington Made the Rich Richer and Turned Its Back on the Middle Class . It’s a groundbreaking account of how our political system was hijacked by the super rich and engineered to work for them at the expense of everyone else. Two of our top political scientists – Jacob Hacker and Paul Pierson – published it four years ago to wide acclaim. Robert Solow, winner of the Nobel Memorial Prize for Economics, said of it: “This book is a wake-up call. Read it and wake up.” Elizabeth Warren called it “must reading for anyone who wants to understand how Washington stopped working for the middle class.” I interviewed Hacker and Pierson at the time, and given how inequality has continued to grow and divide our country, what they wrote and said is more relevant than ever. Take a listen and let me know what you think can be done.” At the link right-click the down-pointing arrow and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Iran – US Relations  79 mins - Panel discussion with three guests at the University of Colorado Conference on World Affairs titled, “US Policy Towards Iran”. At the link find and right-click beside the number 5311 and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu 
 Iran Arrests Canadian  10 mins - “Concordia professor Homa Hoodfar was arrested in Iran while researching the public role of women in that country. She has been moved to Evin prison, where another Canadian woman died in 2003.” At the link find the title, “Canadian professor detained in Iran prison, Jun, 2016,” right-click “Media files current_20160609_60045.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 IRS Commissioner Misconduct  147 mins - “The House Judiciary hears testimony from Oversight Committee Chair Jason Chaffetz (R-UT) and Representative Ron DeSantis (R-FL) on the ongoing investigation into alleged targeting by the IRS of political groups seeking tax exempt status in 2014.” At the link find the title, “House Judiciary Committee Examines IRS Commissioner Misconduct, May, 2016,” right-click “Media files program.443691.MP3-STD.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 James Meredith  55 mins - “On the 50th anniversary of the “March Against Fear,” Judy Meredith, wife of civil rights leader James Meredith, talks about the attempted assassination of her husband during the march. The panel discussion also features Sidna Brower Mitchell, who was editor-in-chief of the student newspaper The Daily Mississippian in 1962, and Henry Gallagher, the officer in charge of Meredith’s security detail in 1962 and author of “James Meredith and the Ole Miss Riot: A Soldier’s Story.” William Doyle, who co-authored James Meredith’s memoir “A Mission From God,” moderates.” At the link find the title, “James Meredith, the Integration of Ole Miss and the March Against Fear, Jun, 2016,” right-click “Media files IM_20160604.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Jordan  63 mins - “Maher Kalaji, Ph.D.; Celia Menczel, Chair, Middle East Member-Led Forum -Jordan, a strong American ally, is one of the most historically and strategically important countries in the Middle East. It is also one of the most welcoming. However, tourists to Jordan were markedly fewer this March when Menczel toured Jordanian archeological sites, including Petra, one of the seven new wonders of the world. She will show images and discuss her enlightening and wonderful experience with Professor Kalaji, who was born and raised in Jordan.” At the link right-click “Play Now” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Justice Brandeis  47 mins - “One hundred years ago, Brandeis became the first Jewish justice on the Supreme Court. Author Jeffrey Rosen says that Brandeis was also the most far-seeing progressive justice of the 20th century. His new book is 'Louis D. Brandeis: American Prophet.' Book critic Maureen Corrigan reviews 'Homegoing' by Yaa Gyasi.” At the link find the title, “Jun, 2016, The Legacy Of Justice Louis Brandeis, The 'Jewish Jefferson'” left-click the circle with three dots, right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Kevin Kelly - Futurist  106 mins - “Kevin Kelly (@kevin2kelly) is back again and, as I've said before, he might be the real-life "Most Interesting Man In The World." Kevin is Senior Maverick at Wired Magazine, which he co-founded in 1993. He also co-founded the All Species Foundation, a non-profit aimed at cataloging and identifying every living species on earth. In his spare time, he writes bestselling books, co-founded the Rosetta Project, which is building an archive of all†documented human languages, and serves on the board of the Long Now Foundation. As part of the last, he's investigating how to revive and restore endangered or extinct species, including the Wooly Mammoth. Kevin's most recent project is The Inevitable: Understanding the 12 Technological Forces That Will Shape Our Future. The praise for the book is incredible, with Marc Andreessen saying it's, "an automatic must-read." In this conversation, we touch on all sorts of things, including: Stories about Jeff Bezos and his email management approach. Tech literacy. Why there are no "VR experts." Artificial Intelligence (AI). Network effects. GMOs….” At the link find the title, “#166: Kevin Kelly - AI, Virtual Reality, and The Inevitable, Jun, 2016,” right-click “Media files The_Tim_Ferris_Show-Kevin_Kelly_and_The_Inevitable.mp3” and select “Save Link as” from the pop-up menu. 
 L   eft-Hand Driving  19 mins - “The Swedish Tourist Association recently announced a new service called  The Swedish Number . People who dial +46 771 793 336 will be connected with a random participating Swede. We talked to about a dozen of those Swedes with one question in mind:  What happened on September 3rd, 1967?  Those who were alive and in-country during that time took little time to respond. That day was a national holiday of sorts:  Dagen H  (or “H-Day”), short for  Högertrafikomläggningen  (“the right-hand traffic diversion”). On that day, millions of Swedes switched from driving on the left side of the road to driving on the right. It was the most massive overhaul in driving infrastructure that the world had ever seen.” At the link right-click the down-pointing arrow title, “H-Day” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Libertarian Convention Debate  147 mins - “The Libertarian Party holds a presidential debate at its presidential nominating convention in Orlando, Florida.” At the link find the title, “Libertarian Party Holds Presidential Debate, May, 2016,” right-click “Media files program.443398.MP3-STD.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Mattress-Store Bubble  34 mins - “You've seen them -- everywhere! -- and often clustered together, as if central planners across America decided that what every city really needs is a Mattress District. There are now dozens of online rivals too. Why are there so many stores selling something we buy so rarely?” At the link left-click the circle with three dots, right-click “Download” and select”Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Medical Student Depression  22 mins - “This is the second part of our series with NPR about mental health and generation gaps. When Giselle applied to medical school she decided to be completely open about her experience with mental health: depression, anxiety and a suicide attempt when she was 16 years old. She’s not alone—roughly 300 physicians in America commit suicide every year, and a higher percentage of doctors are depressed than the average person. But the intensity and prestige of the medical field doesn’t always lend itself to an open conversation about these issues. Giselle said hiding her mental health issues is not an option. The stakes are high for Giselle. Her mental health makes some people—from her school to future patients—uneasy. And sometimes her anxiety is so bad she can’t take her medical school exams. But as you’ll find out in the episode, these are not challenges that Giselle is about to shy away from. She says her challenges will make her a better doctor, and hopefully encourage other physicians find the help they need, too.” At the link find the title, “Part 2: Be the Doctor Your Mom Wanted You to Marry, May, 2016,” right-click “Media files onlyhuman053116 cms623495_pod.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 M   editation  25 mins - “The Science of Meditation – can it really change you? 
From infamous criminals, to powerful corporations, to some of the world’s most successful athletes, meditation has never been so popular. But can it really make you smarter, happier and healthier? New research shows that it can affect the body as well as the mind, slow down the aging process, and even alter the structure of the brain. Dr Graham Phillips embarks on an eight week meditation course and undergoes a raft of rigorous brain tests and scans, to find out if the ancient art lives up to the current hype.” At the link right-click “download video: mp4” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Military Medical Science  48 mins - “Science writer Mary Roach explores the curious science of humans at war in her new book, 'Grunt.' She talks about traveler's diarrhea, medical maggots, and stink bombs, and new scientific developments that help keep soldiers safe. Also, we hear an excerpt of our 1980 interview with G. Gordon Liddy, and jazz critic Kevin Whitehead reviews 'Cuong Vu Trio Meets Pat Metheny.'” At the link right-click “Download this Episode” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Muhammad Ali  48 mins - “Boxing legend Muhammad Ali dies at 74. We look back at the life and career of the whole Muhammad Ali.” At the link find the title, “Remembering Muhammad Ali, 'The Greatest', Jun, 2016,” right-click “Media files npr_480977377.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Muhammad Ali  49 mins - “(First 15 min segment) New Yorker editor David Remnick, who wrote a biography of Muhammad Ali, tells us how he became a champion boxer, a great showman, and how he took the country by surprise. He spoke to Terry Gross in 1998. Each year, Yellowstone attracts millions of visitors and provides a home to countless animal species. But National Geographic journalist David Quammen warns that balancing tourism and preservation can be tricky. Film critic David Edelstein reviews 'Genius,' about book editor Maxwell Perkins.” At the link find the title, “Jun, 2016, David Remnick On Muhammad Ali / Is Yellowstone In Trouble?” left click the circle with three dots, right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 New England Slavery  43 mins - “With its 'lily-white' reputation, the Granite State doesn't often highlight the role that people of color have played throughout its history. A new documentary aims to reveal those hidden stories though, and their importance to the state's history.” At the link right-click the play button beside “Listen” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Pain Managemen  t 78 mins - “People often think about chronic pain as only benefitting from medical treatment and interventions. Jessica Pullins focuses on an essential strategy for lowering pain-related distress: being "unsympathetic." In this case, "unsympathetic" refers to the Sympathetic Nervous System, the part of the Autonomic Nervous System responsible for the Fight or Flight (or Freeze) Response. Recorded on 02/18/2016. (#30797)” At the link right-click “Audio MP3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Patient Algorithm  38 mins - “Will Algorithms Replace Doctors? Dr Ravi Komatireddy On Software In Medicine. Dr Ravi Komatireddy is an Internal Medicine Physician and Digital Health Innovator with a deep knowledge of clinical decision support software and how technology will ultimately augment the clinical work flow. The issue of algorithms replacing physicians has become increasingly controversial but the question is not how to resist it, but rather embrace it so as to allow us to what we do best as physicians and augment our relationship with patients rather than take from it.” At the link right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Peak Oil – M. King Hubbert  60 mins - “The man and the movement – is it dead? This week we’re going to look at a life that shaped energy expectations, a whole social movement, and American military policy in the Middle East. Finally, there is a biography of M. King Hubbert, the man who warned oil companies and the world about Peak Oil. We’ll ask author Mason Inman about the man, his legacy, and what it means now, in this brief time of oil glut. Then I’ll check in with Australian extreme weather specialist Lisa Alexander, to get her measure of the record-setting Indian heat wave now cooling to the monsoon rains.” At the link right-click “Ecoshock 160608 Lo-Fi” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Pelvic Floor Health  79 mins - “Pelvic floor dysfunction refers to a wide range of conditions that can occur due to muscle weakness, hypertonicity or joint dysfunction and can be related to Incontinence, pelvic organ prolapse and pelvic pain. Recorded on 03/16/2016. (#30691)” At the link right-click “Audio MP3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Penicillin History  43 mins - “Melvyn Bragg and guests discuss penicillin, discovered by Alexander Fleming in 1928. It is said he noticed some blue-green penicillium mould on an uncovered petri dish at his hospital laboratory, and that this mould had inhibited bacterial growth around it. After further work, Fleming filtered a broth of the mould and called that penicillin, hoping it would be useful as a disinfectant. Howard Florey and Ernst Chain later shared a Nobel Prize in Medicine with Fleming, for their role in developing a way of mass-producing the life-saving drug. Evolutionary theory predicted the risk of resistance from the start and, almost from the beginning of this 'golden age' of antibacterials, scientists have been looking for ways to extend the lifespan of antibiotics.” At the link right-click “Download MP3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu 
 P   overty  80 mins - Panel discussion with four guests at the University of Colorado Conference on World Affairs titled, “Tackling Global Poverty ”. At the link find and right-click beside the number 5515 and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Precision Public Health  14 mins - “Sue Desmond-Hellmann is using precision public health — an approach that incorporates big data, consumer monitoring, gene sequencing and other innovative tools — to solve the world's most difficult medical problems. It's already helped cut HIV transmission from mothers to babies by nearly half in sub-Saharan Africa, and now it's being used to address alarming infant mortality rates all over the world. The goal: to save lives by bringing the right interventions to the right populations at the right time.” At the link left-click “Download,” then right-click “Download audio” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Privileged Communication Ethics  _51 mins - “In 1973, a massive manhunt in New York's Adirondack Mountains ended when police captured a man named Robert Garrow. And that’s when this story really gets started. _This episode we consider a string of barbaric crimes by a hated man, and the attorney who, when called to defend him, also wound up defending a core principle of our legal system. When Frank Armani learned his client’s most gruesome secrets, he made a morally startling decision that stunned the world and goes to the heart of what it means to be a defense attorney - how far should lawyers go to provide the best defense to the worst people?  NOTE: This episode contains graphic descriptions of sexual assault and violence.  ” At the link right-click “Download and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Productivity Hacks  78 mins - “Mike Vardy of Productivityist is not a productivity guru. By his own definition, he's a productivityist - a productivity enthusiast interested in trying and sharing new apps, strategies, and techniques for getting things done. He co-hosts Workflowing, a weekly discussion on how to live a better life, and do better work while avoiding pitfalls with playing around with your workflow. On his blog and podcasts, Mike shares how he structures his time and how it's enabled him to spend more time with his family. "Your brain is meant to be a factory, not a warehouse." -Mike Vardy In this episode, you'll learn how to use contexts to keep your tasks manageable and to provide direction to be able to get things done. You'll also learn how to use start dates alongside traditional due dates - with tasks in between - to boost the quality of the work you produce. Things mentioned in this episode:… Habit RPG & How To Use It To Build Strong Habits And Hack Your Motivation; Todoist; DashPlus; Haiku Deck; Freedom; FocalFilter; Coffeetivity.” At the link find the title, Productivity Hacks with My Friend Mike Vardy of Productivityist (Ep. 39,” right-click “Media files 5563.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Programmer M   itch Waite  86 mins - “Mitch Waite - Hosted by  Leo Laporte  : Mitch Waite is a former CEO, developer of iBird Explorer. He worked for a plethora of major tech companies writing various books on the up and coming programming languages of the time.” At the link left-click “Download Options,” right-click “Audio” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 P   rotest Music  79 mins - Panel discussion with four guests at the University of Colorado Conference on World Affairs titled, “Music for Social Change”. At the link find and right-click beside the number 5714 and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu 
 Psychosis Detection  12 mins - “Can the way you speak and write today predict your future mental state, even the onset of psychosis? In this fascinating talk, neuroscientist Mariano Sigman reflects on ancient Greece and the origins of introspection to investigate how our words hint at our inner lives and details a word-mapping algorithm that could predict the development of schizophrenia. "We may be seeing in the future a very different form of mental health," Sigman says, "based on objective, quantitative and automated analysis of the words we write, of the words we say." At the link left-click “Download,” then right-click “Download audio” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Queensland – Australia  63 mins - “Queensland is Australia’s second largest state and the third most populous, with more than 4.5 million inhabitants. The Hon. Annastacia Palaszczuk MP, premier of Queensland, is one of her country’s leading political figures. She will outline how her state is diversifying its economy from a traditional reliance on natural resources to innovation and ideas, and the potential that Queensland has as a launchpad for investment in the Asia-Pacific. She will also discuss the strategic importance of Australia to the world economy and international security.” At the link right-click “Play Now” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Ransomware in Canada  25 mins - “Often attacking through email, cyber thieves are racking millions of dollars with the rise of ransomware attacks.” At the link find the title, “Ransomware threat attacks hundreds of Canadians, Jun, 2016,” right-click “Media files current_20160609_91917.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Rape in Brazil  11 mins - “A video revealing the rape of a Brazilian girl by 30 men leads to angry demonstrations across Brazil.Gang rape of 16-year-old Brazilian sparks protests, Jun, 2016,” “Media files current_20160609_99380.mp3 
 R   ational Voters  79 mins - Panel discussion with four guests at the University of Colorado Conference on World Affairs titled, “The Myth of the Rational Voter ”. At the link find and right-click beside the number 5512 and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Refugees in France P2  55 mins - “Philip Coulter visits a refugee camp on the outskirts of Calais -- city of dreams and lost hopes to ask the question: what do we owe our neighbour?” At the link find the title, “No Man's Land, Part 2, Jun, 2016,” right-click “Media files ideas_20160609_56458.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Roy Henry Vickers  25 mins - “The B.C. artist, carver, designer and storyteller, says he's more keen than ever to create and share aboriginal stories.” At the link find the title, “Artist Roy Henry Vickers on making art, beating addiction and turning 70, Jun, 2016,” right-click “Media files current_20160609_61350.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 S   elf-driving Car  85 mins - Panel discussion with four guests at the University of Colorado Conference on World Affairs titled, “Your Self-Driving Car Hit Mine!”. At the link find and right-click beside the number 5315 and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 S   haring Economy  64 mins - Panel discussion with four guests at the University of Colorado Conference on World Affairs titled, “The Sharing Economy”. At the link find and right-click beside the number 5513 and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Shikimi   c   Acid  6 mins - “The Japanese star anise -  Illicium anisatum  , to give it its proper name, or shikimi as it’s known in Japan – is an elegant plant. Broad green leaves surround white many-petalled flowers, which in turn give rise to eight-pointed star-shaped seeds. It’s also the source of the chemical shikimic acid, first purified by Dutch chemist Johan Fredrik Eykman in 1885. Composed solely of carbon, hydrogen and oxygen, shikimic acid is an important starting ingredient in several multi-step biochemical manufacturing processes found in a wide range of lifeforms from bacteria and fungi to parasites and plants…Shikimic acid isn’t only an important ingredient feeding into the biological factories inside cells; it’s also used as a starting material by pharmaceutical factories making an  anti-viral drug called oseltamivir  – more commonly known by the brand name Tamiflu. It’s the world’s most widely-used antiviral drug for nasties such as swine flu, bird flu, and the regular (but still horrible) winter flu….” (Good photos of a star anise.) At the link right-click “Download: CiiE_Shikimic_acid.mp3”and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Social Awkwardness  80 mins - Panel discussion with four guests at the University of Colorado Conference on World Affairs titled, ”Open Mouth, Remove Foot: Social Awkwardness & EQ”. At the link find and right-click beside the number 5717 and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu 
 Stanford Sex Assault  47 mins - “Outrage over the lenient sentence for a Stanford swimmer convicted of sexual assault. Feminist Jessica Valenti weighs in on the case and talks about her memoir, "Sex Object." At the link find the title, “Jessica Valenti On The Stanford Sexual Assault Case And Feminism Now, Jun, 2016,” right-click “Media files npr_481270987.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Startup Drug Business  39 mins - “A different kind of boom and bust.” Busted but very successful drug dealer starts a legitimate career after prison. At the link find the title, “Happy Ending (Season 3, Episode 7), Jun, 2016, right-click “Media files GLT5132895603.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Stereotypes  80 mins - Panel discussion with four guests at the University of Colorado Conference on World Affairs titled, “Moving Beyond StereotypesThe Age of Big Data”. At the link find and right-click beside the number 5312 and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Student J  **  ob Training **  25 mins - “All post-secondary students should do internship or co-op, says employment and education group The Business Higher Education Round Table says too many students are entering the workforce without the practical skills that employers want, and believe mandatory workplace co-ops would assist all graduating students find the right job sooner.” At the link find the title, “All post-secondary students should do internship or co-op, says employment and education group,” right-click “Download All post-secondary students should do internship or co-op, says employment and education group,” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Supreme Court Podcast  42 mins - “When Chief Justice Earl Warren was asked at the end of his career, "What was the most important case of your tenure?", there were a lot of answers he could have given. After all, he had presided over some of the most important decisions in the court's history — cases that dealt with segregation in schools, the right to an attorney, the right to remain silent, just to name a few. But his answer was a surprise: He said, "Baker v. Carr," a 1962 redistricting case. On this episode of More Perfect, we talk about why this case was so important; important enough, in fact, that it pushed one Supreme Court justice to a nervous breakdown, brought a boiling feud to a head, put one justice in the hospital, and changed the course of the Supreme Court — and the nation — forever….” At the link left-click the circle with the dots, right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Sustainabilit   y Development  80 mins - Panel discussion with four guests at the University of Colorado Conference on World Affairs titled, “Sustainable Development is Not a Pipe Dream”. At the link find and right-click beside the number 5715 and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu 
 Syria Journalism  48 mins - “Anne Barnard of The New York Times and Thanassis Cambanis from The Century Foundation fell in love when they were reporting on the war in Iraq. Now based in Beirut, they continue to cover the region. Also, Ken Tucker reviews Paul Simon's new album, 'Stranger to Stranger.” At the link right-click “Download this Episode” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Syria Warfare  25 mins “Ranging experiences of brutal torture, struggle and survival - di Giovanni's new book "The Morning They Came for Us: Dispatches from Syria" chronicles everyday life of the Syrian war.” At the link find the title, “Journalist Janine di Giovanni on life in Syria,” right-click “Download Journalist Janine di Giovanni on life in Syria,” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Terrorism  79 mins - Panel discussion with four guests at the University of Colorado Conference on World Affairs titled, “Terrorism in America: The New Normal”. At the link find and right-click beside the number 5511 and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Terrorism War Cost  41 mins - “In our "Spotlight on Magazines" series, [Reason] contributor James Bovard discusses his piece on the war on terror, which he says has cost the U.S. $4 trillion since it began in 2001.” At the link find the title, “Washington Journal: James Bovard on the Cost of the War on Terror, May, 2016,” right-click “Media files program.442913.MP3-STD.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Think Tanks  78 mins - Panel discussion with three guests at the University of Colorado Conference on World Affairs titled, “Think Tanks Can’t Think Straight”. At the link find and right-click beside the number 5115 and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu 
 Tobacco and F   uel   Wars  59 mins - “Lowell Bergman, Investigative Journalist Stanton Glantz, Director, Center for Tobacco Control Research and Education, University of California San Francisco Kenneth Kimmell, President, Union of Concerned Scientists Bill Reilly, Former Administrator, U.S. Environmental Protection Agency; Senior Advisor, TPG Capital Oil companies have long used a page from tobacco companies' playbook by vigorously denying evidence that using their product as directed causes societal harm. Now the tobacco and oil narratives are getting closer following news that ExxonMobil executives for decades suppressed internal reports about the negative impacts of burning fossil fuels. A former U.S. Department of Justice lawyer who won a huge racketeering case against tobacco companies says the federal government should investigate whether oil companies colluded to bury evidence of human-caused climate disruption. It’s easy to blame energy suppliers and that may be the right thing to do. But don’t individuals also share responsibility for driving and flying around knowing that we are emitting climate-killing gases? Aren’t we also culpable? A conversation on how oil might be the new tobacco. A conversation on how oil might be the new tobacco.” At the link right-click “Play Now” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Undocumented Employers  62 mins - Panel discussion with Jose Antonio Vargas at the University of Colorado Conference on World Affairs titled, “THE MOLLY IVINS MEMORIAL PLENARY: Race, Immigration, Identity and Citizenship in a Multicultural America **** ”. At the link find and right-click beside the number 5700 and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 US Marine  18 mins - “Before he fought in the galactic battles of Star Wars: The Force Awakens, Adam Driver was a United States Marine with 1/1 Weapons Company. He tells the story of how and why he became a Marine, the complex transition from soldier to civilian — and Arts in the Armed Forces, his nonprofit that brings theater to the military. Because, as he says: "Self-expression is just as valuable a tool as a rifle on your shoulder." Followed by a spirited performance of Marco Ramirez's "I am not Batman" by Jesse J. Perez and Matt Johnson. (Adult language)” At the link click “Download,” right-click “Download Audio” and select”Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Utopias  52 mins - “What should the future look like? That’s the question posed by ambitious, sometimes delusional Americans in the early 1800s who dedicated themselves to creating new ways of living. You had Mother Ann Lee’s Shakers; the Oneida community in New York; New Harmony, Indiana; intentional communities inspired by French socialist Charles Fourier; and the roots of a communist paradise in Texas. Friday, the writer Chris Jennings joins us to explore the idealism and the lasting impact of these five utopian movements. Chris Jennings is the author of the book Paradise Now: The Story of American Utopianism” At the link right-click the play button beside “Listen” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 V   enezuela Inflation  47 mins - “New York Times reporter Nicholas Casey talks about life in Venezuela, where the collapse in oil prices has caused shortages of everything, including water, electricity, medicine, and cash.” At the link find the title, “Jun, 2016, Bust Times In Oil-Rich Venezuela," left-click the circle with three dots, right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Water issues  79 mins - Panel discussion with four guests at the University of Colorado Conference on World Affairs titled, “Water, Water … Not Everywhere”. At the link find and right-click beside the number 5719 and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu 
 Whist   l   eblowers  5 mins - “In the US, the press has a right to publish secret information the public needs to know, protected by the First Amendment. Government surveillance has made it increasingly more dangerous for whistleblowers, the source of virtually every important story about national security since 9/11, to share information. In this concise, informative talk, Freedom of the Press Foundation co-founder and TED Fellow Trevor Timm traces the recent history of government action against individuals who expose crime and injustice and advocates for technology that can help them do it safely and anonymously.” At the link left-click “Download,” then right-click “Download audio” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 White Rage  25 mins - “Carol Anderson explores U.S. racial past and present in her new book White Rage:The Unspoken Truth of Our Racial Divide.” At the link find the title, “'White rage' causes racial unrest in U.S., says author, Jun, 2016,” right-click “Media files current 20160608_77886.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Whitey Bulger  49 mins - “Boston Globe reporters Kevin Cullen and Shelley Murphy talk about their book “Whitey Bulger: America’s Most Wanted Gangster and the Manhunt That Brought Him to Justice.” Cullen and Murphy appeared at the Newseum nine days before Bulger’s federal trial began in Boston. He was apprehended in 2011 after a 16-year manhunt.” At the link find the title, “Whitey Bulger: America’s Most Wanted Gangster, Jun, 2013,” right-click “Media files IM_20130601.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 W   ine and Paleo Diet  44 mins - “Today we have guest Todd White of Dry Farm Wines. Todd and I talk all about wine, and cover how it’s processed/made in the US, the wine industry, why drinking wine makes you feel bad, the difference in dry farming, sustainability, and how to get good wine that checks all the boxes. If you like wine at all, this is the episode for you.” At the link right-click “Download Episode Here” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Wolf Control  26 mins - “The rise of aggressive wolf attacks in Canadian parks due to visitors failing to respect boundaries.” At the link find the title,”Saving wolves by teaching fear: Parks Canada's Bill Hunt explains shooting of wolf, Jun, 2016,” right-click “Media files current_20160610_40245.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Working Class Changes  58 mins - “Tamara Draut, vice president of policy and research at Demos, discusses America's working class and the issue of income inequality. She is interviewed by Amy Goodman of 'Democracy Now!'” At the link find the title, “After Words with Tamara Draut, May, 2016,” right-click “Media files program.433481.MP3-STD.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Zika Virus by Virologists  85 mins - “Host:  Vincent Racaniello ; Guests:  Michael Diamond ,  Michaela Gack ,  Laura Kramer , and  Charles Rice  - Four virologists discuss our current understanding of Zika virus biology, pathogenesis, transmission, and prevention, in this special live episode recorded at the American Society for Microbiology in Washington, DC.” At the link right-click “Download TWIV 392” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Thanks for stopping by. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 About virginiajim 
 Retired knowledge nut. 
  View all posts by virginiajim ->  
 This entry was posted in  Uncategorized  and tagged  Aircraft Careers ,  Airline Industry ,  Alcohol Blackouts ,  American Muslims ,  Antibiotic Crisis ,  Antonio Villaraigaso ,  Argentina Mass Executions ,  Arginine Patent Troll ,  Arms Control ,  Asteroid Threat ,  Audits by Publishers ,  Bataan Death March ,  Bathroom History ,  Being Human ,  Birch Trees ,  Bullying in School ,  California Water Regulation ,  Capitalism Declines ,  Cardboard Construction ,  Child Welfare Disparities ,  China and India ,  climate change ,  College Class Test Out ,  College Stresses ,  Computational Biology ,  Confidence Games ,  Corruption in Azerbaijan ,  Creativity Process ,  Decarbonization ,  Deobandis Islam ,  Diatoms ,  Dick Cavett ,  Digital Discrimination ,  Disaster Aftermaths ,  Do Gooders ,  E-book Decline ,  Educate Girls ,  Educational Electronics ,  Electric Vehicle Future ,  Federal Reserve ,  Food Safety Law ,  Freedom-embracing Humans ,  geoengineering ,  Google at Work ,  Government Breakdowns ,  Gymnastics Training ,  Habit Losses ,  Hamilton ,  Hipcamp ,  Housing Price Bubble ,  India Book Podcast ,  inequality in America ,  Iran Arrests Canadian ,  Iran-US Relations ,  IRS Commissioner Misconduct Hearing ,  James Meredith ,  Jordan ,  Justice Brandeis ,  Kevin Kelly-Futurist ,  Left-Hand Driving ,  Libertarian Convention Debate ,  Mattress Store Bubble ,  Medical Student Depression ,  Meditation ,  Military Medical Science ,  Muhammad Ali ,  New England Slavery ,  Pain Management ,  Patient Algorithm ,  Peak Oil-M. King Hubbert ,  Pelvic Floor Health ,  Penicillin History ,  poverty ,  Precision Public Health ,  Privileged Communication Ethics ,  Productivity Hacks ,  Programmer Mitch Waite ,  Protest Music ,  Psychosis Detection ,  Queensland-Australia ,  Ransomware in Canada ,  Rape in Brazil ,  Rational Voters ,  Refugees in France ,  Roy Henry Vickers ,  self-driving car ,  sharing economy ,  Shikimic Acid ,  Social awkwardness ,  Stanford Sex Assault ,  Startup Drug Business ,  Stereotypes ,  Student Job Training ,  Supreme Court Podcast ,  Sustainable Development ,  Syria ,  Terrorism ,  Think Tanks ,  Tobacco and Fuel Wars ,  Undocumented Employers ,  US Marine ,  Utopias ,  Venezuela Inflation ,  Water Issues ,  Whistleblowers ,  White Rage ,  Whitey Bulger ,  Wine and Paleo Diet ,  Wolf Control ,  Working Class Changes ,  Zika Virus by Virologists . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 <- Media Mining Digest 239 – Jun 10, 2016: Afghanistan Journalism, AMA Challenges, Antarctic Climate and Anti-Nuclear Activists, Argentine Mass Executions, Assisted Suicide, ATMs in Mayanmar, Australia Employment Concerns, Banking, Big Data Use and Abuse, Brain Functions, Breakfast Value, Budgeting, Business Change Process, Business Ethics, Child Poverty, Climate Warming Progress, Clinical Trial Problems, College Finances, Communication Techniques, Coral and Oral Research, Creative Process, Cuba Overview, Cults, Deobandis Islam, Design Renegades, Diabetes Prevention, Dirty Tricks, Embryo Research, English Parliament Opening, Ever Forward Club, Exploration and Exploitation, Federal Reserve Insights, Feminism, Financial Sector Problems, Foreign Policy, Gender Discrimination, Gender Pay Gap, Geriatric Health Care, Gig Economy, Global Health Aid Efforts, GMO Debate, Government Budget Process, Guantanamo Project, Gun Violence Reduction, Heat Waves in India and Pakistan, Hiroshima Story, Historical Gaps, Housing Cost, Immigration Politics, Information Overload, Innovation Lag in Canada, Innovation Education, Insanity Cases, Internet Threats and Tactics, Internet Uses, John Hickenlooper, Killiam Prize Winners, Latin America, Lead Poisoning Loons, Liberal Definition, Marc Andreessen, Marriage Rates, Mary Chapin Carpenter, Medical Patient Stories, Millennials, Monetary Policy and Great Recession, Money Laundering, Movie Science, News Media Corruption, Newspaper Trends, Oil Company Futures, Panama Papers, Paper and Writing, Parkinsons and Michael Kinsley, PFOA Water Contamination, Political Correctness, Political Speech Writer, Politics and News Media, Poverty Case Study, Predictive Policing, Racial Violence Art, Ransomware for Cars, Refugees, Reproductive Rights, Retirement Careers, Retirement Problems in Canada, Robert Levinson Hostage, School Social Services, Sebastian Junger, Social Security Future, Solar Panel Installation, Storm Strength Increase, Sucrose, Sugars and Sweeteners, Syria Reporter Hazards, Taxonomer, Telephone Security, TESLA Motors Shareholder Meeting, Thyroid Diseases, Toxic Substances Control Act, TSA Issues, Unabomber, US Navy Energy Research, Vanguard Fund Investments, Vietnam vs China, Violence Against Women, War Definition, Waste Reduction, Water Law, Welfare in America, Wildfires in Alberta 
 Media Mining Digest 241 – Jun 24, 2016: Africa Modernization, Alexander McCall Smith, Archive Value, Arctic Issues, Barbara Boxer, Bay of Fundy Power, Bhopal Disaster, Biofuel, Bird and Bees of Life, Body Part Fabrication, Bracero Program Lecture, Bronze Age Collapse, Bruce Bochy, Bullying Effects, Chronic Pain Management, Coroner History Lecture, Creative Paradigms, Drug Overdoses, Economic Competitiveness, Electric Rail History, European Disunion, Extinction Process, Facial Identification Database, Family Violence in Australia, Farm Equipment Auction, Fat and Sugar, Finance Industry Impact, Genetic Engineering, Gilded Age Lecture, Ginseng, GMO Trees, Gun Control Status, Hardware Hacker, Heart Overview, Higher Education, Historical Perspective, Information Overload, Intersex Issues, Investment Newsletters, Iran Sexual Issues, ISIS Kill Lists, Judicial Bias, Ketogenic Diets, Kids and Money, Life Extension Diet, Lithium Kidney Damage, Lynchings in the South, Male Empathy Training, Mass Incarcerations of 60s-70s, Mass Migrations of 1900s, Migration to Sweden, National Security Efforts, Nixon White House Recording System, Ocean Mapping, Performance Enhancing Drugs, Peter Bogdanovich, Police Reform History, Power Defined, Power Grid Defense, Power Trends-Australia, Productivity Mentor, Psych Ward Insights, Rat Control, Refugee Policy History, Relief Efforts by U.S., Sexual Health of Women, Sharing Economy, Stanford Sex Case, Startup Drug Business, Suicide Ethics, Supreme Court Role, Syria Murders, Syrian Hostages, Team Rubicon, Technology Trends, Terrorist Recruitment, Tiger Tracking, Torpedo Music, Wartime Families, Welfare Benefits, Welfare State, Women in the Workplace, World War One Myths -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 15,136 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
   Media Mining Digest 
 
 MMD471 Media Mining Digest: 5th Grade Innovator, Africa Growth, Artificial Intelligence Discussion, Bloomberg, Brainstorming, Corporate Law, Covid Control, Cyber Security, DARPA Story, Disease Control, Fake News, FISA Errors, Hearing Aid Technology, High Impact Innovations, innovation Barriers, Innovation Challenges, Innovation Coaches, Innovation Failures, Innovation Myths, Innovation Questions, Innovation Attributes, Innovation Skills, Intelligence Briefing, Land Ownership, Leadership Levels, Placental Biology, Russian Operations Under Putin, Safety Net Hospitals, Soleimani Death Reaction, Transgender, Wine Bottles, Zoom Conferencing Service 
 MMD470 Media Mining Digest: Battery Charging, Buy and Hold Investing, Corona Virus Control, Covid Afterwards, Covid and CIA Activities, Covid and Emergency Powers, Covid Inequality, Covid Lab Results, Covid Response by DoD and State, Democracy Playbook, Discovery vs Exploration, Disinformation on Vaccinations, Foreign Agents Information Act, Hurricane Katrina 1 Antediluvian, Hurricane Katrina 2 Come Sunday, Hurricane Katrina 3 Through the Looking Glass, Hurricane Katrina 4 Bridge, Hurricane Katrina 5 Exodus, Hurricane Katrina 6 Reckoning, Hurricane Katrina 7 Destiny, Hurricane Katrina 8 Wake, Learning Styles, Linux Replacing Windows 7 
 MMD469 Media Mining Digest: AI Future, Antibiotic Resistance Research, Barbie Dress Designer, Biomedical Research, Convalescent Plasma, Corona Treatments, Corona Virus Affects, Corona Virus Spread, Covid Lab Special, Emerging Markets, Glial Cells, How Inventions Shaped Us, Ira Glass, Learning Process, Marine Microbes, Microbe Research, Mold Control, Neuroscience History, Numbers Instinct, Ocean Water Microbes, Plant Diseases, Prion Proteins, Prosperity Paradox, Prosthetic Vision, Pseudomonas and Candida Interaction, Rape of Chanel Miller, Robert Wong, Robin Williams, Rotavirus and Noravirus, Seaweed Farming, Spontaneous Brain, Surveillance Capitalism, Tosh Hall, Trump Administration Book, Unconscious 
 MMD468 Media Mining Digest: Amgen Tea Brazil, Anthropology and Finances, Bed Bugs, Cement Innovation, Change Disruptive, Cognitive Dissonance, Corporate Insurgent, Disrupt Yourself, Diversity Bonus, Fearless Organization, Innovation, Investment Concepts, Medical Care Access, Medici Effect, Mobile Phone Skype, Nuclear Submarine Commander, Parasitism by Worms, Parasitism in Uganda, Phase Transitions, Proactive Obsolescence, Rotifier Infestation, Sanitizing Hygiene, Smart Companies, Startup History, Team Leadership, Unconscious Bias 
 MMD 467 Media Mining Digest: BARDA, Body Mass Index, Boy Scouts Bankruptcy, Cave Man, Chinese Espionage, Corona Virus Testing, Covid Financial Bailout, Covid Infected Doctor, Culinary Extinction, Deepwater Horizon Spill, Economic Crisis, Exercise, Feeble Mindedness Discussion, Food Production, Ginger Handbook, Gift Card Value, Gluten Removal, Hospital Bed Economics, Jane Goodall, Libyan Female Fighters, Mars Exploration, Moon Exploration, Munition Site Explosions, North Korea Arms Trafficking, Oil Price Control, Oil Prices Drop, Ostomies, Pangolins, Protective Equipment Purchase, Saving Our Planet, Scott and the South Pole, Small Business Support by Government, Telegraphy History in Australia, Temperature and Productivity, Unemployment, Ventilators, Virus Economic Response 
 MMD466 Media Mining Digest: 1918 Influenza Pandemic, Abortions in Canada, Air Pollution Decreases, Atomic Artifacts, AUMF Discussion, Cataclysm Sentence, Covid Autopsies, Covid Racial Disparities, Data Breaches, Distance Learning, Drug Disposal Program, East Indian Company, Exercise, Homeschool STEM Resources, Ignaz Semmelweis Day, Kindom of Nauvoo, Latif Story, Obesity Control, Pandemic in Rome, Pollution Control, SARS Victim, School Nutrition, Shared Immunity, Social Isolation, Space Discussion, Third Existential Crisis, Thyroid Cancer, Toilet Paper Buying, Transplant Issues, Women in Software and Cybersecurity 
 MMD465 Media Mining Digest: 5G Defined, 1619 Project, Abortion Case, Absentee Ballots, AI in Health Care, Artificial Intelligence Dominance, Atmosphere Specialist, AWAKE Experiment, Bitcoin Defined, Blind Charities in the UK, Chief Justice Roberts, Coders, Computer Repair Business, Computer Security, Coronavirus, Covid Patient Care, Crypto Basics, Cybercrime, Deutsche Bank and Trump, Digital Currencies from Central Banks, Emotional AI, Esther Perel, Eugenics, European Tax Problem, Face-based Surveillance, Facebook’s Libra, Flying Stories, Folding At Home, Food Waste, Huawei’s Rough Year, Information War, Interracial Marriage, Jane Goodall, Manhattan Project, Mental Health Specialists, Mike Tech Show, National Rifle Assoc, Pandemic in Prisons, Protesters Against Restrictions, Race in America, Russian Interference in Elections, Self-Organizing Collaboration, Soft Shell Crabs, Tik Tok, Tomato Growing, Trump Impact on the Country, Visually Impaired 
 MMD464 Media Mining Digest: Apprenticeships, Cancer Drugs, Cancer Research, Capitalism, Capitalism Reimagined, Coronavirus Pandemic, Digital Tsunami, Extreme Economies, Health Care Reform, Higher Education, Honest Income, Jack Kornfield, Manufacturing, Narrative Economics, Racism in America, Surgeon General, Universe Origins, Warp Speed Update, Wilding, Willful Book 
 MMD463 Media Mining Digest: Addiction During a Pandemic, Apartheid Justification, Black America Speaks, Bread Research Project, Butchers Talk Shop, Chilean Educational Issues, China and the Virus, Corona History, Coronavirus and Africa, Coronavirus and Europe, Coronavirus and Food, Coronavirus and Latin America, Coronavirus Frontline Special, Coronavirus Medic Deaths, Coronavirus Stories, Covid Vaccine Availability, Criminal Justice Reform, Deaf, Disabled Covid Issues, Disabled Stories, Elder Care, Farmer Production, Femicide in Serbia, Fertilizer that Blew Up Beirut, Food Stockpiles, Fried Chicken, Ireland Housing Costs, Jurgen Klopp, Karachi Ambulance Driver, Lebanese Contaminated Fuel, Mafia in Naples, Maggot Masters, Pandemic and Finances, Pot Washers, Race in America, Recycled Orchestra, Recycling Chile and Spain, Robot Fruit Pickers, Swine Fever, Wuhan, Zimbabwe Mental Health Control 
 MMD462 Media Mining Digest: 1918 Pandemic, Americans with Disabilities, Army Crime Lab, Blind Chemist, Broadband in Africa, Cancer Treatment, Cattle Domestication, Computers and Mobile Phones, Corona Virus Family, Corona Virus Medicine, Coroners vs Medical Examiners, Covid and African Americans, Covid Clinical Trials, Covid in Iceland, Covid Religion and Travel, Covid Research, Covid Symptoms, Covid Tests, Covid Vaccine, Covid-19 Background, Covid19 Special Topics, Disability History, Weed Research, Emerging Technologies, Futurists, Golden State Killer, Grafting Plants, Improvised Explosive Devices, Innovation Execution, Murdered American Indians, National Digital Inclusion Alliance, Plant Based Oils, Science Costs, Stalking Protection, STEM Cells TED Talk, Telehealth, Universal Influenza Vaccine, W.H.O. Response to Covid-19, Weed Research, Wrongful Convictions 
 
 
 
 Follow Media Mining via Email 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 15,136 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 
 Click on tag and jump to that episode. 
 
 3d printing 
 affordable care act 
 aging 
 Alzheimer's 
 antibiotic resistance 
 artificial intelligence 
 behavioral economics 
 bitcoin 
 broadband 
 broadband in Colorado 
 Broadband in North Carolina 
 Canada 
 China 
 climate change 
 climate warming 
 consciousness 
 creativity 
 cyber security 
 cybersecurity 
 Decision Making 
 design thinking 
 domestic violence 
 driverless cars 
 drones 
 Economic Growth 
 End of Life Care 
 Fake News 
 Feminism 
 fracking 
 geoengineering 
 Gerrymandering 
 gun control 
 Gun Violence 
 Hate Speech 
 health care 
 human rights 
 human trafficking 
 impact investing 
 income inequality 
 India 
 internet history 
 ketogenic diet 
 marijuana legalization 
 native Americans 
 Neil Degrasse Tyson 
 net neutrality 
 North Korea 
 NSA 
 nuclear power 
 Oliver Sacks 
 Pakistan 
 Political Polarization 
 Racaniello 
 racism 
 refugees 
 sex assaults on campus 
 Sexual Harassment 
 sharing economy 
 solitary confinement 
 Sugar 
 suicide 
 Supreme Court 
 synthetic biology 
 Syrian Refugees 
 technology trends 
 Terrorism 
 Trans-Pacific Partnership 
 Trump 
 Universal Basic Income 
 Virtual Reality 
 voting rights 
 women in politics 
 women in science 
 World War One 
 Zika Virus 
 
 
 
  Media Mining Digest  
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
