
 Menu 
 
 HOME 
 WORK FROM HOME 
 
 __200+ Best Work From Home Jobs 
 __Virtual Assistant Jobs 
 __Proofreading Jobs 
 __Transcription Jobs 
 __Stay at Home Mom Jobs 
 __Online Tutoring Jobs 
 __Delivery Driver App Jobs 
 __Search Engine Evaluator Jobs 
 
 
 MAKE MONEY 
 
 __Make Money From Home 
 __Make Money Online With PayPal 
 __Proven Passive Income Ideas 
 __Make Extra Money From Home 
 
 
 EXTRA CASH 
 
 __Money Making Apps 
 __How To Make Money Doing Surveys 
 __USA Paid Online Surveys 
 __UK Paid Online Surveys 
 
 
 BLOG 
 
 30 Legit Stay at Home Mom Jobs That Pay Well 
 Work From Home Jobs  March 5, 2020 
 This post may contain affiliate links. Please read our affiliate disclosure  to learn more. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 944shares 
 When Rachel's daughter turned two, she realized that spending time with her was more valuable than anything else. She always left her job early, but the time was not just sufficient. When she was expecting her second child, she knew it was time to quit her 8-5 job. She wanted to be involved in her children's childhood fully. 
 Rachel always dreamt of homeschooling her children. She knew she had to quit her job to make this dream come true. A lot of stay-at-home moms have problems balancing between taking care of their children and making money. 
 If you are a stay-at-home mom looking for financial independence, thank your lucky star. This article will enlighten you on the best stay-at-home-mom jobs that will let you make the best of the two worlds; spending time with your children and making money. 
 Let's get right into our collection of legitimate stay at home mom jobs. 
 Legit stay at home mom jobs to make money from the comfort of your home 
 1.Proofreading 
 If you are hawk-eyed, why not try proofreading? Proofreading entails reading your clients' written pieces, correcting any spelling, grammatical, and punctuation errors. As a proofreader, you might also be tasked with increasing the readability of your clients' work. 
 Proofreading requires exemplary language skills and vigilance. You might also need to undertake some form of training to get you started on the right foot. Luckily, Caitlin Pyle, an expert proofreader who earns over $45, 000 per year, has created a  completely FREE proofreading workshop  designed to help beginners gain the skills needed to get started. 
 
 Click here to get instant access to the FREE proofreading workshop today! 
 As a proofreader, you can earn anything between $1,000 and $4,000 per month. 
 You can source for proofreading gigs from sites such as Proofreading Pal and Kibin. Also see this article for a list of  17 Companies That Hire Proofreaders . 
 Other related resources: 
 
 How To Become A Successful Proofreader (Interview with Caitlin Pyle) 
 7 Best Proofreading Courses 
 
 2. Transcription 
 Transcribing involves listening to recorded audio files and typing what you hear. To succeed as a transcriptionist, you need to be very keen on details because not all audio files you encounter will be clear and smooth. 
 An average transcriptionist takes 3 hours to type out an hour-long audio file. The speed of a transcriptionist increases with experience. 
 You will need some training and guidelines before you work as a transcriptionist. After your training, you can sign up with transcription sites such as SpeechPad, Casting Words, Gotranscript, and Rev. These sites pay beginner transcriptionists anything between $7 and $21 per hour-long videos. 
 If you’re not sure whether transcription is a smart choice for you, be sure to  enroll in this FREE mini course on transcription foundations . It will help you see why transcription is an invaluable skill in today’s digital world and help you get started on the right foot. 
 
 3. Virtual Assistant 
 As a virtual assistant, you will be performing administrative tasks for your clients. Virtual assistant jobs entail sending and replying to messages and emails, monitoring social media platforms, scheduling appointments using tools like Google Calendar, website maintenance, etc. 
 You may need online training before you start your virtual assistant job. You also need to have excellent organizational skills. 
 Gina Horkey, the founder of  The Horkey HandBook , has one the best virtual assistant training programs. Check it out to learn everything you need to know about becoming a virtual assistant who earns over $100 per hour. 
 
 Click here to check out Gina’s 30 Days or Less to Virtual Assistant Success course . 
 Most virtual assistant jobs pay anything between$35 and $50 per hour. 
 Cold pitching is one way to look for clients that may need your virtual assistant skills. Alternatively, you can hunt for clients from freelancing sites. 
 4. Affiliate Marketing 
 Affiliate marketing is one of the best stay at home mom jobs. It involves marketing other people's products and earning a commission whenever a sale is made from your efforts. 
 Affiliate marketing works well with blogging and is an excellent  passive income idea . Your earnings from affiliate marketing will depend on the purchases made. 
 One of the foremost affiliate marketers around is Franklin Hatchett. He consistently earns over 7-figures in affiliate revenue and is a 2 comma club winner with ClickFunnels, meaning he has earned over $1,000,000 just by promoting the ClickFunnels programs. 
 Franklin has created a comprehensive step-by-step affiliate marketing training course called  Savage Affiliates  that shows how to successfully generate passive income through affiliate marketing. 
 Click here to check out the Savage Affiliate training course 
 5. Blogging 
 Blogging entails writing articles and publishing them on your blog for your target audience. You will earn, depending on the traffic drawn to your blog, by displaying ads or marketing products. 
 A lot of successful blogs earn their owners anything between $1,000 and $50,000 per month. Blogging requires you to put in a lot of effort in the beginning. The effort you put in can pay off handsomely in the long run. 
 The best thing about blogging is that you will earn passively. Besides, you will create your work schedule since you own the blog. 
 6. Online writing 
 If you love to write, you can make some good money working from the comfort of your house. Online writing is a great stay at home mom job. 
 In addition to excellent writing skills, you may need to undergo training to perfect your writing. 
 The best thing about writing is that you set your working schedule. You can work for just a few hours per day and a few days a week. An average article writer earns around $30, 000 annually. 
 As a beginner, you can source for article writing jobs from sites such as Fiverr and Upwork, and then look for direct clients as you become more experienced. 
 7. Bookkeeper 
 You do not have to be a professional bookkeeper to work as one. There are a lot of moms making good money working as bookkeepers. You will just need some training to sharpen your skills. 
 The work of a bookkeeper is to record financial transactions of business enterprises and keep track of the flow of cash in their system. The work may involve some rigorous calculations. Possession of excellent calculation skills is, therefore, an added advantage. 
 Most bookkeepers earn $15-$20 per hour. 
 8. Teach English Online 
 If you are a permanent resident of Canada or the US, you may love the idea of giving online English classes. Many sites let native English Speakers with a Bachelor's degree teach English to Chinese kids. 
 Signing up to these sites may be difficult, but with the right requirements, you will have an easy time. Working on sites such as VIPKids and Magic Ears is a sure way of earning handsomely. You will also love the bonuses that such companies give to their teachers. 
 You do not have to be a professional teacher of English to work as a teacher in these sites. You just need the right certifications and experience. 
 Don't forget to also read:  10 Best Online Tutoring Jobs To Teach From Home 
 9. Host students on exchange programs 
 If you have an extra room idling around, consider hosting students on exchange programs. You can rent out your spare room or house for international students who cannot find cheaper accommodation. 
 You can host them for anything between $300 and $600 per month, depending on your location. This way, you will earn passively, and also get to learn new cultures. Most students on exchange programs are language students. You can, therefore, get the privilege to learn a foreign language. 
 10. Translating 
 A lot of companies are trying to reach more people from across the world. If you can speak fluently in more than one language, don't sit on that ability. 
 You can earn handsomely translating from English to another language or the other way round. European languages tend to be more marketable in the translation world. Languages such as Arabic and Chinese are, however, taking up the scene quickly. 
 Beginners can source for translation works from Upwork and Fiverr. 
 With the right level of understanding in the languages you are working with, you can earn approximately $1000 per month as a translator. 
 Stay at home mom jobs online 
 11. Participate in surveys 
 Giving your opinions on different issues and products you use does not require training or experience. 
 Survey jobs are scarce. It is ideal to partner participation in surveys with other passive jobs such as blogging. Most surveys pay anything between $1 and $20 per survey. 
 Some of the platforms that may need your opinions on different issues include Pinecone Research, Survey Junkie, and Swagbucks. 
 Make an Extra $700/Month From Home 
 
 Swagbucks  will pay you $10 just for joining. Get paid more money for sharing your opinions, playing games, watching videos and searching the web.  Click here to join Swagbucks   (Australia, Canada, Ireland & USA residents) 
   Survey Junkie  - Get paid for answering surveys. Join focus groups to earn even more. Up to $75 per completed survey.  Click here to join Survey Junkie   (USA, Canada & Australia residents) 
   InboxDollars  - Get paid to take surveys online, read emails, play games, and go shopping. New users receive $5 dollars just for joining.  Click here to join InboxDollars   (USA residents) 
   MyPoints  - Get PayPal cash for taking polls, answering surveys and much more. You get a $10 welcome bonus!  Click here to join MyPoints   (USA & Canada residents) 
 
 12. Graphic Designer 
 If your creativity is on a whole new level, graphic designing could be your best stay-at-home job. You can design business cards, ceremony cards, business logos, and websites. 
 If your creativity is exemplary, you can start your graphic design career on platforms such as Upwork, Design Crowd, and Flexjobs. 
 Graphic Designing is very profitable. You do not need a lot of gigs to earn decently. Most gigs may pay approximately between $70 and $400, depending on the task at hand. 
 13.  Work as an Online Life coach 
 A lot of stay-at-home moms do not realize how profitable life coaching can be. The work of a life coach is to advise in their field of expertise. Some of the most marketable areas that people seek advice include financial independence, career choices, mental health, battling substance addiction, and relationship advice. 
 If you have a degree in Psychology, working as an online coach could be your best way to go. 
 As an online life coach, you will need to organize a platform where you will interact with your mentees. You will also need to create a curriculum that would guide you in your coaching process. 
 As a coach, you schedule work hours that are most convenient for you. An average life coach earns anything between $2,500 and $4,500 per month. 
 14.  Start a Youtube Channel 
 If you are excellent with cameras, starting a Youtube Channel may work well for you as a stay-at-home mom. 
 Youtube lets you earn from the ads that are played along with your videos, and the watch time you get from your audience. It may be challenging to grow your audience, but after you get on your feet, creating content for Youtube is quite smooth. You just need excellent content creating and video-editing skills. 
 The best thing about creating content for Youtube is the passive earning bit. Besides, an average Youtuber posts one or two videos weekly. This means you have more than enough time for your kids. 
 15. Work as a tutor 
 You can help struggling students catch up with their school work for money. The best thing about being a tutor is that you set your work hours, and you can only take as many students as you wish. 
 You can tutor online or one-on-one. 
 To work as a tutor, you may need to prove your competence to your clients. You may need to have a degree or experience in your subject of interest. 
 Sciences, Mathematics, and Foreign Languages are the most marketable subjects to offer classes. Tutors mostly charge $10 to$30 per hour, depending on different factors. 
 16. Get voice-over jobs 
 If you get compliments for your voice, voice-over jobs could be your specialty. Voice-over jobs entail lending your voice to projects such as audiobooks, TV and Radio commercials, creative productions such poems. Your voice does not have to be like that of a celebrated newsreader to get voice-over jobs. 
 As a beginner, you can source for voice-over jobs from Upwork, Fiverr, Snap Recordings, Voice123, Voices.com, and Voice Bunny. 
 **17.  ** Sell your handmade products on Etsy 
 Etsy lets you turn your hands-on hobby into a money-making venture. If you are creative and can make jewelry, bags, shoes, toys, wigs, furniture, and any other handmade products, you can market them on Etsy. You can also sell vintage items on Etsy. The vintage items have to be more than 20 years old. 
 Etsy lets you make your items from your house, at your own time. 
 The amount you make from Etsy depends on a lot of factors, such as your raw materials and demand for your items. However, an average Etsy Seller makes around $5000 annually. 
 To get started, sign up on Etsy, make your products, and display them under the correct category. 
 18. Recruiting Coordinator 
 If you have a career in Human Resource, you can as well work from the comfort of your house. A lot of agencies receive numerous applications for advertised vacancies. Your work as a recruiting coordinator would be to go through the resumes and CVs for a pre-selection process. From their CVs and resumes, you can shortlist candidates for an interview. 
 You can also help the Human resource manager in the company conduct interviews without leaving your house. You can interview through audio or video calls. 
 19. Work as a travel agent 
 If you have a love for traveling, why not try your hand in the travel industry? The work of a travel agent is to offer advice on travel destinations. Besides, you can liaise with the sites and accommodation services in different destinations for better deals for your clients. This way, you earn from the companies and your clients. You can also help organize travel itineraries and sell transportation to your clients. 
 If you have worked in the travel industry before, this job may be a walk in the park for you. You can still join the industry as an amateur. As a beginner, be sure to start with destinations that you are familiar with. 
 You may need to create a website where your clients can browse through your offers. 
 You can source for clients from groups of travel lovers. You can anything between $30,000 and $60,000 annually, depending on the number of clients. 
 20. Dropshipping 
 Dropshipping lets you sell items as a third party. Your work will be to connect reliable sellers to buyers. You do not have to see or ship the goods; the seller would do this. You will earn on a commission basis in the dropshipping business. 
 You do not have to worry about the storage of the merchandise. There are no risks of incurring losses. 
 To succeed in drop shipping, you have to be an aggressive marketer. 
 To kick-start your career in drop shipping, I recommend Shopify. 
 More stay at home jobs to make money from home 
 21. Become an Amazon FBA Seller 
 If you love shopping, you should consider becoming a seller on Amazon. If you love shopping, you probably know when and where to find items on offer. Take advantage of the great deals, purchase the items, and resale them on Amazon. 
 You will love that Amazon takes the initiative of shipping to your clients and customer service. Your work will be to pack your items and ship them to Amazon. 
 What you make as an Amazon FBA seller varies significantly. There are sellers that make six figures, though. 
 22. Work as an online trainer 
 If you are keen on personal health and body fitness, you should consider working as a personal trainer. 
 As an online trainer, you should make fitness videos that would help your clients work out from the comfort of their houses. You can also create recipes that would guide your clients on eating healthy. If you choose this direction, you should create social media handles for your business. 
 Going to a gym can be expensive for a lot of people. You can improvise a gym in your basement, and get yourself some clients. You can create two-hour work sessions thrice a week. This leaves you with a lot of time to spend time with your family. 
 23. Social Media Marketing 
 Social Media presence is essential for modern-day companies. This is why companies hire someone to manage their social media handles. 
 As a social media manager, your work will be to respond to queries from clients, make updates and posts on products, engage fans and customers, moderate comments, and help the company build its online presence and customer service. 
 The best way to source for social media management jobs is through cold pitching. You can, however, start with companies such as Lithium and Baby Center. 
 24. Selling photos online 
 If you are in love with photography, you could earn decently from selling your photos online. Some companies would buy your photos for stock marketing. You can take pictures of basically anything such as food, the sunset, sunrise, books, and children. 
 You can start by taking photos with your phone before you upgrade to a good quality camera. 
 Some of the popular platforms that will help you sell your photos include iStock Photos and Shutterstock. 
 25. Baking 
 Do you love trying out recipes? Baking is one venture that would leave you with lots of time for your family. You can be a professional or a beginner; it does not matter. If you are a beginner, you can always attend baking classes to improve your skills. Even for professionals, there is always something new you can learn as a baker. 
 As a stay-at-home mom, you can hunt for your clients online. Be sure to create social media handles for your baked products. You can bake for businesses and events such as weddings, graduations, birthdays, and anniversaries. 
 26. Data entry stay at home mom jobs 
 Data entry jobs are a to-go option for a lot of people who are just beginning to work online. This is an ideal job for stay-at-home moms because they require little to no training. 
 A lot of people are hunting for data entry jobs, making them scarce. Due to their scarcity, you may want to pair data entry jobs with other ways of earning from home. 
 You can source for data entry gigs from The Smart Crowd, Dion Data, and Working Solutions. 
 27. Work as an online customer service representative 
 In a bid to move towards 24-hours customer services, a lot of companies are opting for freelance customer service. 
 You need to have excellent customer service skills to work as a customer service representative. You also need to be extremely knowledgeable about the company you are working for. You will, therefore, have to undergo a thorough orientation on the company before you work as their customer service representative 
 You can work at night when your kids are asleep or during the day when they are at school. 
 What you earn depends on what companies you work for, and how many hours of work you take daily. You can earn approximately $20 per hour working as customer service representatives. 
 28. Pet sitting 
 If you are a pet lover, you will enjoy taking care of people's pets. You can take care of your clients' pets while they are away, probably on business trips or vacations. 
 The best thing about pet sitting is that you earn doing what you love, and you get to choose what pets you want to take care of. 
 You can include dog walking services, pet cleaning services, and boarding services in your pet sitting business. 
 Be sure to create social media platforms for your pet sitting business. As a beginner, you can source for clients from Rover.com. 
 29. Work as a captioner 
 The work of a captioner is to generate subtitles of movies. You have to be excellent to come up with precisely what the character is saying. You may need a fantastic set of headphones to work as a captioner. 
 Beginners can source for captioning jobs from Caption Max, Crowdsurf, ASC Services, and Caption Media Group. 
 Captioning is a lucrative stay-at-home job, with a minimal initial investment. Most gigs will pay $20-$50 per hour-long videos. 
 30.  Start an At-Home childcare 
 Are you good with children? Do you love spending time with children? If yes, you should consider starting at-home childcare. This way, you get to bond with your children while still earning from taking care of your clients' children. 
 To start this business, you will need toys, mattresses, and a child-friendly environment. You also need a license to start daycare. 
 The earnings of a home-based daycare largely depend on where you are from. You should charge not less than $300 per month per kid. The number of kids you admit to your daycare will depend on the amount of resources you have. 
 Which of these stay at home jobs will you do? 
 There is nothing as valuable as spending time with your family. Stay-at-home mom jobs let you maximize the time you spend with your kids, without compromising with financial stability. With the jobs discussed above, you get to set work hours that are most suitable for you. 
 One or several of these stay at home mom jobs will work for you, depending on your interests and abilities. Select what interests you best, get the needed training and equipment, and start your journey of making money while still being involved fully in your children's growth and development. 
 Which of these stay at home mom jobs resonated with you best? Do you have any other  work at home mom jobs  to add? Let us know in the comment section below. And be sure to also share these jobs with your friends and followers. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 944shares 
   
 Tags: jobs ,  stay at home moms ,  work from home mom jobs 
 Related Posts 
   
 What is Proofreading, And How Do I Become a Successful Proofreader? 
 Wondering, "what is proofreading?" If you've just come … 
   
 10 Best Online Tutoring Jobs To Teach From Home 
 Fancy the idea of teaching online from the … 
   
 How Gina Makes Over $100/Hr as a Virtual Assistant (and How You Can Too!) 
 Virtual assistants are in high demand in today's … 
   
 15 Best Voice Over Jobs From Home 
 Are you looking for voice over jobs from … 
   
 15 Best Delivery App Jobs Hiring in 2020 
 Do you have plenty of time in your … 
   
 17 Online Editing Jobs That Pay Well and Are Flexible 
 Where should you look to find online editing … 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel Reply 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 
 __ 
   
 POPULAR POSTS 
 
   
 
 200+ Best Work From Home Jobs: Top Companies With Remote Jobs 
 
   
 
 25 Real Ways to Make Money From Home & Create A Life You Love 
 
   
 
 10 Best Paid Survey Sites For USA Residents 
 
   
 
 30 Best Online Transcription Jobs From Home 
 
   
 
 7+ Easy Ways To Make Extra Money Working From Home 
 __ __ __ __ 
 Hi and welcome to WorkAtHomeSmart.com! I'm Norbert Juma, passionate about the web & financial freedom. I started this site to be a resource for people looking to work from home and make money online. 
 RECENT POSTS 
 
 
 2020 Work-From-Home Black Friday Offers & Discounts (Big Savings!) 
 
 
 19 Genuine Online Data Entry Jobs Without Investment 
 
 
 Get Paid For Shopping With These Cashback Apps 
 
 
 15 PayPal Games for Money: Earn Money Playing Games Online 
 
 
 20+ Online Typing Jobs With Free Registration 
 
 
 AFFILIATE DISCLOSURE 
 Some of the links on our site are affiliate links, meaning that if you click on one of the links and purchase an item, we may receive a commission. All opinions, however, are our own and we do not accept payments for positive reviews. 
 VISIT US ON SOCIAL MEDIA 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
 Earnings Disclosure 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 WorkAtHomeSmart.com  Copyright (C) 2020. 
 Built with  Magnus 
