Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Director, Senior Manager - Payroll 
 Mattamy Homes 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
Toronto, Ontario 
 Department: 
 Employment Type: 
Payroll, Total Rewards and HR Technology, Mattamy Asset Management 
 Full-Time 
 Reports to: 
Vice President, Total Rewards and HR Technology 
 Who We Are 
 Mattamy Asset Management is an asset manager focused on building a diversified portfolio of investments across geographies, asset classes and the spectrum of risk and return. Mattamy Asset Management is the parent company of Mattamy Homes Canada and Mattamy Homes U.S., which together comprise the largest privately held homebuilding platform in North America. Mattamy Asset Management is committed to achieving the best-possible long-term risk-adjusted returns for its clients and functioning as a socially responsible corporate citizen. 
 What We Offer 
 Reporting to the Vice President, Total Rewards and Human Resources (HR) Technology and based out of our downtown Toronto office, the Senior Manager/Payroll Director is responsible for accurate and efficient operation of the payroll function. This involves overseeing the weekly and bi-weekly preparation, documentation and disbursement of payroll in accordance with applicable government legislation for both Canada and the United States. The Senior Manager/Payroll Director also collaborates with partners in HR, HR technology, compensation and benefits to streamline related processes and ensure HR data integrity. 
 Responsibilities 
 Executing and supervising the processing of weekly and bi-weekly payrolls, and ensuring omissions and discrepancies are quickly addressed. 
Leading, developing and managing the Payroll team in achieving business objectives and meeting internal service level agreements. 
Updating and maintaining the payroll system ((Core payroll processing and Time and Attendance modules) including: 
setting up new earnings and deduction codes; 
planning for system upgrades; 
testing upgrades and performing user acceptance testing; and 
preparing and updating training materials as required for extensive upgrades. 
Generating monthly and annual payroll remittances, filings and reconciliations with respect to government withholdings for both Canadian and U.S. payrolls. 
Processing and distribution of annual employee tax documents (T4, T4A, W2) 
Overseeing payroll accounting function with respect to payroll disbursements, journal entries, accruals, allocation reports, G/L account and table building, mapping and reconciliation. 
Forecasting of payroll costs to determine organizational budgets 
Troubleshooting payroll and time attendance systems and in collaboration with the HR Technology and Process Specialist. 
Identifying, developing and implementing process improvements in order to build efficiencies, streamline processes and increase productivity throughout all payroll tasks. 
Creating, compiling and summarizing payroll information for internal and external auditors and management reports, as required. 
Responding to employee queries, as required. 
Investigating, escalating and resolving payroll issues to ensure timely and accurate resolution. 
Keeping abreast of relevant provincial and state requirements. 
Managing documentation, including user guides, and training materials related to payroll and timekeeping processes. 
Working with internal partners in HR, Total Rewards and Finance as well as external third parties such as tax regulators, auditors, payroll technology vendor. 
 What You Bring 
 University or College Degree in related field, including some accounting course-work. 
Completion of Canadian Payroll Association Payroll Management Certificate, an asset. 
7+ years of experience in Payroll with minimum 3 years supervisory experience. 
Experience with in-house payroll processing systems, Ultimate/UltiPro software preferred. 
Experience with mergers and/or acquisitions an asset. 
Thorough knowledge of Canadian multi provincial (i.e., Alberta and Ontario) and U.S multi state (i.e., Florida, Arizona and the Carolinas) payroll requirements preferred. 
Familiarity with standard accounting principles with exposure to general ledger reconciliation in a project driven environment. 
Thorough knowledge of provincial and state legislation such as employment and labour standards, Canadian Customs and Revenue Agency (CCRA) and Internal Revenue Service (IRS) rules. 
Good knowledge of Canadian and US Workers Compensation remittance requirements. 
Technical knowledge and attention to detail. 
Excellent communication (verbal and written) and interpersonal skills. 
Proven analytical skills. 
Collaborative leader with ability to work well in a small team with heavy reliance on sharing information and ensuring proper back-up. 
Ability to work efficiently under pressure, accurately meet deadlines, present a professional demeanor and work well independently is essential. 
Troubleshooting and problem-solving skills with a can-do attitude and the ability to adjust to changing requirements are essential. 
Must have ability to maintain confidentiality and practice discretion in interactions and dealings with others. 
 Why Mattamy 
 When you’re part of the Mattamy family, your day to day work has an incredible impact. What we do takes teamwork, and everyone pulls together to give our very best. With a focus on continued growth and industry leadership, exciting career possibilities are waiting for you at Mattamy. We’re honoured to have received external recognition of our company culture as well. We’ve been awarded: 
 Canada’s Top 100 Employers for 2019 
Greater Toronto’s Top Employers for 2019 
Canada’s 10 Most Admired Corporate Cultures for 2017 
 We offer a progressive environment where you can experience exciting possibilities in your career including continuous learning, opportunity for growth, competitive compensation and a comprehensive benefits package. 
 We have big plans for our business and our team. Be part of our ambitious future! 
 Mattamy Asset Management is committed to providing accommodation for people with disabilities. If you require accommodation through any aspects of the selection process, please notify us and we will work with you to meet your needs. 
 Qualified applicants will be contacted directly by the Talent Acquisition team. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
