This Craft Called Writing 
 a blog about writing, editing and being published 
 23 October 2013  by   Lorrie Porter 
 An Insight into World Building from Curtis Jobling 
 Today’s guest post comes courtesy of author,  Curtis Jobling , who is the ideal person to shed a little light on how to create believable alternate worlds in our fiction. He is the designer for  Bob the Builder , with its world of talking machines; creator of  Raa Raa the Noisy Lion , full of adventures set in the Jingly Jangly Jungle; and author of the fantasy series,  Wereworld , an epic journey of fantasy and horror. 
 Here’s what he has to say about World Building: 
 "World building" is an expression that one often encounters in reviews of fantasy novels, be they good or bad. In my opinion it's a given that, as a genre, the best fantasy books have a convincingly realised world. Never underestimate roleplaying games - that's where many contemporary writers learned their craft. By the time I'd hit high school my friends and I would get together a couple of times a week and we'd play roleplaying games. I would often run them, and that's where I cut my teeth with world creation. It was never enough that there were prescriptive games to play - I always had my own stories to tell. 
 
 WEREWORLD  is very much in the mould of the classic, fantasy setting. It's a world where the royals, the nobles, the 'blue bloods' are known as the Werelords - shapeshifters who can change into different kinds of beasts. Each of these lords rule over different realms, providing an expansive backdrop for our lone wolf young hero to adventure through. It comes as no surprise that in the US the series has been tagged 'Game of Thrones for teens featuring werewolves', as Martin's writing has had a big influence on me, his own world building conceived on an epic, vast scale akin to Tolkien. As a middle grade to teen writer, I don't have the luxury of adult fantasy writers. I can't indulge myself with over elaborate descriptions of my world, so words are at a premium to play with. 
 It's sometimes suggested that it's easier to write a story set within the real, contemporary world. That really isn't true, but there are some elements that provide a challenge for the fantasy writer. We all know what a giraffe, the Eiffel Tower and the number 20 bus look like. The fantasy writer needs to find a way of describing alien elements to the reader in a snappy fashion, while keeping the story moving. Who and what lives in this world? What are the politics that shape the world? Would a map help the reader find his or her way around this world? Just a few of the quandaries a fantasy author needs to consider. 
 To write a convincing fantasy tale while keeping one eye upon the patient target audience can be a challenge. My first drafts are usually a fair few thousand words over the count, resulting in trimming the work back until it's sleek and streamlined. The old editorial adage 'less is more' holds true, helping to quicken the pace. Another lesson I learned early on in my writing was to remember what's important for the author to know and what's important for the reader to know. They can be two very different things. Rich descriptions should have their time and place. There are moments within my own writing where a place can breathe, where the reader can soak in the world. That doesn't have to happen on every page. 
 Read more about Wereworld on the official website:  www.wereworldbooks.com 
 About the Author 
 Curtis is the author/illustrator of numerous picture books and designer/creator of award-winning animated shows such as _ Bob the Builder  ,  Frankenstein's Cat  _and _ Raa Raa the Noisy Lion . _His acclaimed  Wereworld  series of fantasy horror novels have been published by Puffin since 2011, the sixth and final volume having been released in October 2013. 
 Follow Curtis and his stream of blather on Twitface: @CurtisJobling 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  Author Advice ,  Setting  and tagged  Bob the Builder ,  creating fictional worlds ,  Curtis Jobling ,  fictional worlds ,  Frankenstein's Cat ,  roleplaying games ,  Wereworld ,  world building ,  writing craft . 
Bookmark the  permalink . 
 Leave a comment 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous   Next -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Search for: 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Blog Stats 
 
 96,448 views 
 
 My Website 
 
 About Me 
 Cradlesnatch 
 Wolf Soul 
 Dead Boy 
 I also write as Lizzie Hexter 
 Critique Service 
 Manchester Crafty Writers Group 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Do You Want to Write a Novel? 
 Story Pitch Competition 
 Choosing your Author Name aka Pseudonym 
 Valuable Advice from Celebrated Author Cathy Cassidy 
 Want to Write a Masterpiece? Here's Some Advice from Writing Mentor Jennie Nash 
 
 Previous Posts 
 
 3 Things Every Scene Must Have 
 7 Steps to Improving Your Prose 
 A Tale of Two Premises 
 Avoiding Adverbs 
 Bad Habits for Writers: Highlighting the Problems 
 Could Your Dialogue Be Doing More? 
 Creating a Believable Story World 
 Creating A Picture Inside Your Reader's Head 
 Cutting Your First Draft 
 Everything You Want To Know About Creating Interesting Characters 
 Giving Your Setting a Little Character 
 How to Describe Your Setting Without Boring Your Reader 
 How to Get Inside Your Character's Head 
 How To Keep Your Reader Turning Those Pages 
 How to Perfect your Author Biography 
 How to Show Your Character on the Page 
 How to Write a Book In Four Drafts 
 How to Write a Page Turner in One Easy Lesson 
 It's Behind You - Getting to Grips with Point of View 
 Looking at the Big Picture - Are Your Character Motivations Working? 
 Make the Impossible Look Real 
 Making Your Scenes Work Harder 
 Setting the Pace: Increasing Dramatic Tension 
 Show Not Tell - A How To Guide 
 Show Not Tell - Using Body Language to Show Emotions 
 Stimulus and Response: Getting Down to the Nitty Gritty 
 Tricks for Creating Strong Character Voice in Dialogue 
 Want to Make Your Dialogue Sparkle 
 Writing a Fight Scene 
 
 Author Advice 
 
 5 Great Rules for Writing Dialogue from WENDY STORER 
 Advice on Being Genre Specific from BALI RAI 
 An Insight Into World Building From CURTIS JOBLING 
 Bad Beginnings from SARAH NAUGHTON 
 Clues to Writing a Brilliant Mystery: KATE PANKHURST Investigates 
 Concept Can Get You Published: GUY SAVILLE Explains All 
 Cutting Trolls to Size with KATHERINE LANGRISH 
 Defeating Writers' Block with MIRIAM HALAHMY 
 Eight Rules for Better Action Writing from NICK CROSS 
 Finding the Diamonds in Your Creative Writing with BRYONY PEARCE 
 Finding Your Muse – by SARAH SINGLETON 
 GILLIAN CROSS Shares the Secret to Keeping Things Simple 
 Hidden History Revealed by MARY HOFFMAN 
 How to Add Tension to an Opening Scene: ALAN GIBBONS Reveals All 
 How to Get Your Story Started: THERESA BRESLIN Shares Her Expertise 
 KAREN McCOMBIE on Dialogue 
 KEVIN BROOKS Shares A Thing Or Two About Plot 
 Laugh Out Loud with STEVE HARTLEY 
 Looking At Narrative Motifs with ELIZABETH WEIN 
 MELVIN BURGESS Gives His Point of View 
 Perfecting Your Story Pitch With LIL CHASE 
 PHILIP CAVENEY Tells How Real Locations Inspire His Fiction 
 Picture It: GRAHAM GARDNER Reveals All 
 Recycling Familiar Characters: SUE BARNARD Breaths New Life Into Old Stories 
 Rough First Drafts and Rigorous Revision with SARA GRANT 
 Rules For Writing From CELIA REES 
 Tricks to Engage Your Readers from JANET FOXLEY 
 Want to Get Off the Slush Pile? Then Listen Very Carefully 
 Writing Advice From Acclaimed Author MARCUS SEDGWICK 
 Writing Resolutions from SHEENA WILKINSON 
 
 Categories 
 
 About Blog 
 Author Advice 
 Characters 
 Competitions 
 Dialogue 
 Dramatic Tension 
 Editing 
 Emotions 
 Genre 
 Humour 
 Inspiration 
 Openings 
 Pace 
 Pictures 
 Plot 
 Point of View 
 Premise 
 Prose 
 Pseudonym 
 Publishing 
 Research 
 Scene and Sequel 
 Scenes 
 Setting 
 Tips and Tricks 
 Working with Word 
 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
