
 Home 
 Welcome to the Abyss 
 
 [ 
 reviewsfromtheabyss 
 The Abyss encompasses everything. 
 ](https://reviewsfromtheabyss.wordpress.com/ "reviewsfromtheabyss") 
 Tag Archives: Joseph Jobson 
  June 22, 2011  
 Blassreiter: Emotionally Fueled Motorcycles 
 By  rosstheboss56 
 The title of my review says everything about this anime. I fell in love with the graphics, the 3-D battles, the back story. And I was taken away by the emotions behind the characters. The anguish of the foreigner in a land that doesn't accept them for who they are. The man in love who cannot tell the woman he loves how he truly feels. The orphan abandoned and left without a help in the world. This German set anime (talk about a country of hate and anguish) is tastefully portrayed with a religious background and a head full of steam. With every new character arc (from Gerd to Malek, Hermann to Amanda) you are lead by your heartstrings to the heartbreak you are meant to see, and some you are not. 
 The idea behind Blassreiter is one of mecha, with a sci-fi drama backdrop. The line between man's science and God is 
 
 An Amalgam's go to vehicle. Can you feel the emotion? 
 blurred. No longer is it the struggle between machine and man, but a meshing of the two. Man's ultimate goal. In futuristic Germany, a crack team of soldiers known as the XAT (Xenogenesis Assault Team) has been given the task for the bast decades to find and eradicate as well as protect the citizens of Germany from what are known as Amalgams (Demoniacs to the public.). These Amalgams are humans who have been transferred using some scientific disease into machines capable of attaching themselves to electronics and vehicles. 
 It is only common for these Amalgams to be created from dead bodies. Until one day, after being involved in an Amalgam attack, Gerd Frentzen (Christopher Sabat) is given the chance to regain his 
 legs and race again. But the price it pays is that he becomes a living Amalgam. And the fate of all Amalgams? Bloodlust, insanity, and death. It is up to the XAT to discover the cause of a living Amalgam and what this would mean for the furure of Germany and the rest of the world. But the Amalgams go deeper than a mere nuisance. And I've only covered the first 6 episodes. You have to watch the rest for yourself. 
 
 Gerd Frentzen (Christopher Sabat) 
 As I said before, this anime has some pretty spectacular 3-D animated graphics that blew me away. Any scene with an Amalgam or vehicle is given a special touch of full-breadth motion and fluidity. Combine this with a 2-D background and characters and you have an interactive combo right there. What could be better than this you say? Well, the character creation is top notch. The characters (and there are quite a few) deal with so many different emotions and personalities. There are the soldiers of the XAT, dealing with betrayal, duty, and what it means to be a soldier. (A very German thing, the honor of fighting for one's country.) The humans turned Amalgams and their struggle with their humanity. The original Amalgams and their struggle with their pasts and their duty to the furthering of humankind and its evolution. God's role in this anime is huge. (Another attitude of a prominently Protestant country.) 
 And then there's the skeletons in Germany's closet. The race hatred. The problems with German old 
 
 The amazing graphics behind Blassreiter. 
 family citizens of a higher class and the lower class foreigners given a chance for a new life in Germany, but given the scraps of the other classes. The hatred, the xenophobia. It all plays out on a tasteful stage. But even as this issue fades out to a respectable end, Germans are given a nod of respect for the strides they've made since the blood of the past has begun to dry and flake on their hands. And I give a nod of respect to the Japanese for the nod to the Germans. 
 The premise is interesting for a mecha. In a world moving forward, what is the point in which humans must pull back and examine their humanity versus their 
 
 What is behind the Amalgams? 
 technological drive? Anti-sci-fi (?) in a mecha is an interesting approach, and I welcomed it, being a mecha anime fan myself. (If I haven't covered this before, non-anime fans/fans to be, mecha is mechanized (?) anime, dealing with machines and robots, i.e. Gundam Wing.) 
 
 Joseph (Todd Haberkorn), a character of anguish. 
 There should also be some credit given to the voice strained voice actors who lent their emotion to this anime. Watching this dubbed, I was amazed with the power given to the characters purely through voice. Joseph Jobson (Todd Haberkorn). Almost unrecognizable, but gives that brooding hero voice with a disturbed and tragic past to perfection. Hermann Saltza (Travis Willingham). This guy swore and yelled more than any other voice actor I've ever heard. I give him credit for days at a time (probably) of a hoarse speaking voice. His emotions and pain came to the table and delivered. Gerd Frentzen (Christopher Sabat). I give him credit because he is the amazing Christopher Sabat (as you know, I'm a big fan.). His voice of gruff torture and anguish spoke to me as usual, and kept me grippingly emotional. And Amanda Werner (Jamie Marchi). Her torrent of emotional confusion and desperation was quite excellent. And that's only a few. But isn't that enough to get you watching this anime? Get to it. 7.8 out of 10. 
 Leave a comment    |  tags:  3-D ,  Amalgams ,  Amanda ,  Amanda Werner ,  anger ,  anguish ,  Anime ,  anti sci fi ,  back story ,  betrayal ,  Blassreiter ,  bloodlust ,  brooding hero ,  Christopher Sabat ,  death ,  Demoniacs ,  desperation ,  duty ,  emotional confusion ,  emotionally ,  evolution ,  foreigner ,  fueled ,  futuristic ,  Gerd ,  Gerd Frentzen ,  German ,  Germany ,  God ,  graphics ,  gripping ,  gruff ,  Gundam Wing ,  hate ,  heartbreak ,  Hermann ,  Hermann Saltza ,  higher vs lower class ,  honor ,  humanity ,  insanity ,  Jamie Marchi ,  Japanese ,  Joseph Jobson ,  love ,  machine vs man ,  Malek ,  mecha ,  mechanized anime ,  motorcycles ,  old family vs new ,  orphans ,  past ,  Protestant ,  race hatred ,  racing ,  religious ,  romantic ,  sci-fi ,  soldiers ,  strained ,  swearing ,  Todd Haberkorn ,  torture ,  tragic past ,  Travis Willingham ,  vehicles ,  voice actors ,  XAT ,  Xenogenesis Assault Team ,  xenophobia  | posted in  Anime/ T.V. 
 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Everything I Know About the UK…I Learned from the BBC 
 WordPress Planet 
 WordPress.com News 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 
 Categories Select Category Anime/ T.V. Miscellaneous Movies Music Video Games 
 
 
 Follow My Blog! 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 39 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 The Great Dictator: A Nazi Slap to Hitler 
 Never Let Me Go (The Film) 
 Wreck-It Ralph: A Gamer's Paradise 
 Naruto: Shippuden, My New Obsession 
 The Expendables 2: Redonkulousness. 
 
 
 
 Search The Abyss 
 
 
 Subscribe to RSS 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
