Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Registered Nurse 
 Alberta Health Services 
 __Stony Plain, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Your Opportunity: 
As a self - directed team member with Community Care in the Edmonton zone, the Registered Nurse Case Manager demonstrates strong team player skills and has responsibilities, including; assessment of needs, delivering appropriate therapeutic nursing services within professional practice standards, coordinating resources, establishing goals for client delivery, and evaluating outcomes. In addition, this position involves case management of clients as well as the direct provision of client care that meets established clinical standards, and is evidence based and client centered. The Registered Nurse acts as a consultant on the team providing clinical expertise and direction to other team members regarding their cases. As a member of the interdisciplinary team, the Registered Nurse is responsible for participation in staff development and mentoring student clinical experiences, and providing guidance and direction to staff. This position will be based out of the Westview office, but may provide support to home care's Suburban/Rural West team. This may include travel to the other home care network offices, as required. 
 Description: 
As a Registered Nurse (RN), you will provide a wide variety of nursing services to patients, families, communities and populations, while taking necessary steps to ensure their safety and well-being. In your role, you will utilize nursing processes, through critical thinking, problem solving and decision making, as well as teach, counsel and advocate on behalf of patients and their families. You will play a leadership role in supporting an integrated and holistic approach to patient care, health promotion and maintenance. You will provide safe, quality patient and family centered care while reflecting the shared vision and values of AHS. 
 Classification:  Registered Nurse 
 Union:  United Nurses of Alberta 
 Department:  CH-Spruce/Stony HC Home N-EDM 
 Primary Location:  Westview Health Centre 
 Multi-Site:  At or Out of (UNA only) 
 FTE:  0.84 
 Posting End Date:  11-DEC-2020 
 Employee Class:  Regular Part Time 
 Date Available:  28-DEC-2020 
 Hours per Shift:  7.75 
 Length of Shift in weeks:  12 
 Shifts per cycle:  48 
 Shift Pattern:  Days, Evenings, Weekends 
 Days Off:  As Per Rotation 
 Minimum Salary:  $36.86 
 Maximum Salary:  $48.37 
 Vehicle Requirement:  Driver's License, Vehicle Required 
 Required Qualifications: 
Completion of an accredited nursing education program. Active or eligible for registration and practice permit with the College and Association of Registered Nurses of Alberta (CARNA). Current Basic Cardiac Life Support - Health Care Provider (BCLS-HCP). 
 Additional Required Qualifications: 
Two years of recent nursing experience (obtained within the last 5 years) or completion of a refresher program within 2 years). Self-directed and the ability to work independently and use sound professional judgement. Excellent organizational skills – to be able to prioritize and efficiently organize many details in a timely manner. Proven assessment skills. Physically capable of performing nursing tasks which could include transfer of clients. The successful candidate will work independently in clients’ homes, which could include single family dwellings, condominiums, and/or walk-up apartments. Therefore, the successful candidate must be able to work in different settings and environments (home environments and weather conditions), as well as be able to lift and carrying medical bags, which weigh approximately 25-30 lbs. 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
Previous geriatric experience a definite asset. Experience with Meditech and the RAI Home Care assessment tool preferred. Baccalaureate degree in nursing preferred; however, skills and experience relevant to nursing practice in community sector will be considered. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
