[ 
 Workersonboard 
 ](https://www.workersonboard.com/ "Workersonboard") 
 Toggle Navigation 
 
 Home  
 
 W@H Community 
 Help 
 Site Directory 
 
 
 Get Paid Online  
 
 Extra Cash 
 Focus Groups 
 Freelance Gigs 
 Mystery Shop 
 Paid Surveys 
 Sell your Stuff 
 Smartphone Apps 
 
 
 Work at Home Jobs  
 
 Work at Home Equipment 
 Non Phone Work at home Jobs 
 Late Night Work at home Jobs 
 WAH Jobs No Experience 
 Work at home Companies 
 W@H Jobs you can Live On 
 Work at home Weekly Pay 
 WAH Jobs for Teens 
 W@H Jobs No Landline 
 Worldwide WAH Jobs 
 Work at Home Scams 
 Work at home Websites 
 Resume 
 
 
 Weekly Jobs  
 
 Typing Test 
 Friday Freebie 
 My W@H Course 
 W@H Book 
 
 
 Remote T  
 
 Accounting 
 Appointment Setters 
 Data Entry 
 Editing 
 Transcription 
 Tutor 
 Write Online  
 
 Writing Gigs 
 Freelance Writing 
 Write for Greeting Cards 
 
 
 
 
 Blogging  
 
 Blogging Course 
 How to Start a Blog 
 Build a Blog/Website 
 Get a Blog 
 Monetize Your Blog 
 
 
 Free  
 
 Free Instant Gift Cards 
 Free Cash to Search Online 
 Free Blog 
 
 
 About  
 
 Advertise 
 Contact Me 
 Video Library 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 Work at home Jobs that Pay $12 per hour and up! 
 Published by  aw1219  on March 23, 2017March 23, 2017 
 We may earn money or products from some of the companies mentioned in this post. 
 Looking for a work at home job that pays more than $10 per hour or does more than just supplement your income? For many, finding a work at home job that pays more than minimum wage is more of a necessity than ever before. I have come across a few work at home companies that pays their remote workers over $10 an hour. In fact, there are several that pay at least $12 per hour and up that you can apply to online. 
 Some of the jobs do not require you to have any previous experience and will provide you with online training that can be completed in a few short days to a couple of weeks. If you are a stay at home mom or dad and would like to earn close to full time income online from home, this list will provide a few options and opportunities for you to explore and take advantage of. If a desired company is not currently hiring, please feel free to browse their website periodically to see if they have any new openings. 
 1800 Contacts  - This company pays their remote workers with a starting wage of $12 per hour with an additional $2 per hour added on to your hourly rate working Sundays. 
 Alaska Airlines  - Work from home as a reservation agent with a staring hourly wage of $12.14. 
 Amex  - American Express has remote jobs that pay close to $16 per hour. 
 Appen  - Several non-phone work at home jobs open to remote workers worldwide as a social media evaluator, search engine evaluator and many more. Most of their positions pay around $13 per hour and up. 
 Apple  - Work from home as a home advisor assisting their customers with their various Apple products including any issues they may encounter. Pays over $12 per hour. 
 Aspire Lifestyles  - Work from home fulfilling concierge requests for American Express Card members. Pays $16.50 per hour. 
 Balance Staffing  - Tech support reps needed to work from home to assist with viruses, malware, etc. Pays $14 per hour. 
 Blooms Today  - Work at home for this company and make more than $15 up to $24 per hour taking floral and other orders from your home office. This is a seasonal work at home job. 
 
 Brighten Communications  - This company recruits callers with telemarketing or cold calling experience to work from home. The starting pay for this job is $12 per hour but it can go all the way up to $18 per hour. 
 Ecoloab  - This company hires customer service agents to work from home handling inbound calls and product orders with a starting wage of $14 per hour. 
 Enterprise Rent a Car  - Take reservations for car rentals and more earning over $12 per hour. Hiring in multiple states. 
 Gametime  - Work as a fan happiness associate helping customers with questions related to their app, placing orders, processing returns, etc. Pays $15 to $18 per hour. 
 Soft Stone  - Another company that has non-phone work at home jobs that will pay you to transcribe, be an online rater and much more. 
 Leapforce  - Work from home making around $13.50 per hour as an independent home agent to help search engines with their rankings by manually judging different queries. 
 Lionbridge  - This company hires remote workers all over the world as an ad assessor to work from home on a part-time basis reviewing content of internet search results. Pay is around $14 per hour. Read my review about what it is really like to work from home for Lionbridge  here . 
 Progressive  - Occasionally has work at home positions for to help customers with their insurance needs. Pays $15 to $19 per hour. 
 
 Telereach  - Pays $12 up to $28 for appointment setters to work from home. 
 Tutors  - Make up to $20 per hour working from home as a tutor. 
 Westat  - This company regularly hires data collectors to work from home to conduct phone interviews with others. Pays $14.50 per hour. 
 Zero Chaos  - Ad Quality Rater jobs for Zero Chaos pay $15 per hour to start. You will rate advertisements in comparison to search results and websites. Work your own schedule. 
 Find more work at home jobs that pay $12 per hour and up by visiting these pages below. 
 
 WAH Jobs you can Live On 
 Weekly Job 
 Friday Freebie 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Related 
 Categories:  work at home jobs that pay over $12 per hour work at home jobs that pay well work from home jobs that pay more than $12 per hour work from home jobs that pay over $12 per hour 
 Tags:  work at home jobs that pay more than $10 per hour work at home jobs that pay more than $12 per hour work at home jobs that pay over $11 per hour work at home jobs with full time pay 
           
 
 1 Comment 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 What's on your mind? 
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. 
 Notify me of new posts by email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Subscribe to Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 3,471 other subscribers 
 Email Address 
 Subscribe 
 Subscribe 
 
 
 
 Get Started  
 
 
 Work at home Course 
 300+ Companies that Pay you to W@H 
 W@H Essentials 
 W@H FB Group 
 Daily Work at Home Jobs 
 Payment Proof 
 Get paid Daily 
 Get Paid $10 to Join Swagbucks 
 Reviewers needed 
 Mini Polls for Fast Cash 
 Free $10 Gift Card 
 Advertise on Workersonboard 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 Easy Steps to start a Blog 
 
 
 Work at home Course 
 300+ Companies that Pay you to W@H 
 W@H Essentials 
 W@H FB Group 
 Daily Work at Home Jobs 
 Payment Proof 
 Get paid Daily 
 Get Paid $10 to Join Swagbucks 
 Reviewers needed 
 Mini Polls for Fast Cash 
 Free $10 Gift Card 
 Advertise on Workersonboard 
 
 Workersonboard.com 2011-2020 
 
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you accept this policy as long as you are using this websiteXAcceptView Policy 
 We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok 
