[ 
 Workew 
 Workew is the #1 board to find remote jobs, careers and other remote work opportunities to become digital nomad, work from anywhere and travel the world. 
 ](https://workew.com/ "Workew") Close Search for: Search 
 
 Remote Jobs 
 
 Marketing 
 Developer 
 Operations 
 Designer & UX 
 Customer Service 
 Project Mgmt 
 Sales & Biz Dev 
 Writing & Editing 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Other WFH Jobs 
 
 
 Remote Work Course 
 My account 
 
 Shopping Cart 
 
 
 More
 
 Facebook Group 
 Telegram Alerts 
 Pricing & Plans 
 Remote Health 
 Contact Us 
 Blog Posts 
 
 
 Post a Job 
 Post a Resume 
  __Facebook 
 
 Menu 
 Social Impact & Career Growth Fellowship — Join from anywhere 
 
 
 Others 
 Anywhere 🌎 
 Posted December 21 
 Closes: Jan 31, 2021 
 MovingWorlds 
 
 Overview 
 _Recovery from the COVID-19 crisis offers an unprecedented opportunity to build a more equitable, just, and sustainable global system. To make that a reality, the world needs your unique talents and strengths now more than ever. Apply to our virtual career acceleration program  to make 2021 the year you take action towards your career goals — whether you’re staying with your current role or looking for a new one. _ Note: This is not a job but an educational program. 
 The Program 
 The MovingWorlds Institute Global Fellowship program is for professionals looking to find more purpose in their work and make a positive impact with their careers. Whether you’re  searching for a more meaningful job , interested in  starting your own social enterprise , or currently at a  career crossroads , the Global Fellowship program provides the tools, hands-on experience, and network needed to achieve your goals.The virtual programming is customizable for your unique goals and lifestyle, and is easily combined with a full-time job. 
 The 6-month program kicks off with a virtual training weekend, where you’ll explore your personal and professional drivers, develop skills in design thinking and social entrepreneurship, and meet the other changemakers in your cohort. You’ll leave the weekend with new friends, insights, and an individualized action plan for using the next 6-months to accelerate your social good career. 
 Throughout the Fellowship — designed to support you regardless of where you are located — you’ll stay engaged with weekly coaching calls, monthly webinars with industry leaders, and case-based learning projects. With additional reading and reflection assignments, you’ll be able to deepen your understanding of social impact frameworks like human-centered design, behavioral economics, systems mapping, and more. Unlike in a traditional curriculum-based program, you’ll then gain hands-on experience applying what you’ve learned to a real social impact project that builds on your strengths while challenging you to grow. At every step, you’ll have the support of coaches, mentors, and your peers to help leverage your experience to reach your career goals. 
 By the end of the Fellowship, you’ll have developed the skills, network, and confidence to take your career to the next level. Best of all, even as an alumni, you’ll be part of an inspiring group of Fellows from around the world supporting each other to create a lifetime of impact! 
 Over the course of the 6 month Fellowship, you will 
 
 Receive ongoing coaching and support. 
 Receive mentorship to help you build your network and develop your skills. 
 Engage in weekly discussions and design-thinking workshops in our online community. 
 Join monthly webinars with industry leaders and emerging social innovators. 
 Work with your accountability partners to complete your learning, discovery, and networking goals. 
 Find, plan, and complete a social impact project that builds on your strengths while stretching you to grow (bring your own or use our global network) 
 Read, watch, and listen to curated content that aligns with your learning goals. 
 Get personalized feedback on designing and achieving your purpose-driven impact career. 
 Receive guidance on telling your professional story and showcasing your international experience on your resume and LinkedIn profile. 
 Develop your own capstone project that you can use to enhance your resume and portfolio. 
 
 The Investment 
 While the Fellowship program itself lasts for 6 months, Fellows receive lifetime access to a global community of alumni and impact partners, plus ongoing webinars and learning activities. With our cohorts now virtual through April 2021, we’re passing the savings of our in-person events on to you and reducing the $4,600 pre-COVID cost of tuition by $1,000. In these economically uncertain times, we know that the Institute is a big investment - we hope to make the Fellowship as accessible as possible through payment plans and would love to work with you if cost is a limiting factor. 
 Who we 're looking for 
 We're looking for early- to mid-career professionals from across all sectors who are looking for the best way to contribute to building a better world. 
 If you’ve ever thought your career could be more meaningful and fulfilling, and feel motivated to contribute to the greater good, we’d love to talk to you! 
 Our next virtual cohort will kick off in February, and applications close on January 31st – Learn more and apply here . 
 
 Apply for job 
 Watch Video 
 Bookmark Job 
 
 Job Page Views:  423 
 Others 
 
  Website  
  Twitter  
  Facebook  
  LinkedIn  
 
 Part Time 
 More Jobs 
 Position closed? 
 Let us know . 
 Share this job: 
 
  Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Join the Remote Slack Community: 
 
 Signup today for free!  🚀 
 Related Jobs 
 
 
 
 Facebook Editor 
 YourTango  The leading online magazine dedicated to opening hearts, building relationships and spreading love 
 Anywhere 🌎 
 * Writing
* December 3
 
 
 
 
 Social Media Coordinator 
 Khoros  Connect with customers throughout their journey to create customers for life 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 * Marketing
* December 21
 
 
 
 
 Strategic Digital Marketing Expert 
 Insights Lab  We are proud to feature mission-driven brands that focus on more than just their bottom line 
 Anywhere 🌎 
 * Marketing
* October 29
 
 Find Your Dream Job 
 Recruiters looking for remote talent can find your resume based on keywords, job titles, skills and more. 
 Post a resume today 
 WORKEW © 2020 
 Facebook   Twitter   LinkedIn   Instagram   YouTube 
 Back to Top 
 Nomad Insurance by SafetyWing : The best travel medical insurance for freelancers & remote workers Get Insured 
