Skip to content 
 
 When In Turkey 
 Do as the Turks do 
 Primary Menu 
 
 About/ Hakkında 
 Get in Touch/ Bana Ulaşın 
 Before Turkey/ Türkiye öncesi 
 In Turkey/ Turkiye'de 
 
   
 Tag: jobs 
 Hijabi problems: "you don't meet our dress code" 
 So, I had originally prepared a draft stating I would soon be gainfully employed. 
 But then, I forgot discrimination is legal in Turkey. 
 I applied for a job as an English conversation teacher at doğa koleji, and all of the phone interviews went well.  It was basically a sure thing.  But then I went in for the face to face interview and I could feel the eyes boring holes into my head. Still, I didn't let it get to me. The principal seemed nice and the kids loved me, but I made sure to ask if it was a problem to wear hijab (because I've heard stories, you know.) and they said "no of course not." 
 No,  of course not.  Because discrimination is messed up. Why was I worried? 
 But then they didn't call me back. I called them in a week and got an email saying that I "unfortunately didn't meet their dress code. " uh… Huh. 
 It doesn't take a genius to know what it was about my outfit that didn't meet their dress code.  What makes me livid is that the secretary was wearing a miniskirt that exposed her butt, but somehow my dress is not up to code? 
 Don't make me laugh. 
 This is one of the problems I didn't forsee in Turkey.  In a predominantly Muslim country  with at least half of the female population wearing the headscarf, I thought things would be easier for me than in the US.  Oh my, seems I was wrong. I should have listened to my husband when he warned me the first time. 
 I looked up the legality of this discrimination, and apparently it is all above board. Even cell phone companies and banks can ban headscarves on their employees. In case you were wondering,  those companies are garanti bank, iş bank, turkcell, and Vodafone. 
 I'm sure you can guess who isn't getting my patronage. 
 I kind of laugh about it now, sitting in my bed sick as a dog (I've been throwing up all night from food poisoning, so this headache has made me worse).  "Progressives" whine about "conservatives" being all kinds of bad things,  including dumb and trying to ban the progressive way of life (demanding headscarves, banning alcohol, birth control,  etc ). 
 But here's the thing, progressives.  Take a good long hard look in the mirror.  Who is obstructing who from living their lives how they want? 
 Well,  it's back to the drawing board for me.  Maybe I should focus on food science jobs,  where covering your hair means a lesser chance of contaminating your samples rather than a reason to hate me. 
 Posted on  February 25, 2016February 24, 2016  by  WhenInTurkey Posted in  Hijabi problems ,  Religion and Culture/ İnanç ve kültür Tagged  banned ,  covered ,  doğa ,  education ,  headscarf ,  jobs ,  koleji ,  Muslim .  3 Comments 
 It's not you, it's me 
 Within less than a week of putting my CV out there,  I've gotten several call backs. 
 One of which I was extremely excited about. 
 I was asked to interview for a marketing position in a small dried goods company.  They only dealt in international clients, all of whom spoke English. For this reason,  they needed a fluent/native English speaker, particularly one that could help them break into the US market. 
 Perfect!  And my extensive education in food technology was a huge plus! By the end of the interview,  they had practically hired me. 
 But there was one big problem. 
 The commute. 
 One hour by train and a 20 minute walk (including crossing a major road with no cross walk) in a large industrial complex stood between me and this great opportunity.  With my limited Turkish abilities,  it wasn't possible. 
 I really wanted to make it work.  I wanted it to happen,  but what can I do?  The pay wasn't outstanding, but I feel it was negotiable.  The job was exactly up my alley, plus the great benefit of doing all communications from the safety of an office. 
 An office practically a life time away. 
 If it wasn't for that long,  creepy walk after the metro… It could have been. 
 But it can't. 
 Sigh. 
 It's not you… 
It's me. 
 Posted on  January 24, 2016  by  WhenInTurkey Posted in  Decisions/ Kararlar ,  Expat Problems Tagged  english ,  expat ,  jobs ,  placement ,  problems ,  Turkey .  1 Comment 
 A change of opinion 
 My husband and I have been enjoying the first two days of our vacation (mashallah), sunshine and blue skies! This has been more than a break for us thusfar, it's been a chance for us to think about our current situation as far as school is concerned. and where we want to go from here. Last night we began looking at real estate for this area, just for fun. How expensive is it to live on an island? Ofcourse, as you can probably imagne, the prices ranged between 100k-300k, regardless of location on the island. Well, what about in Turkey? We then looked up real estate in the small ocean town where the in-laws have built a beach house (a long project that's been around since before the hubby was born). The price was still around 100k…turkish lira. If you aren't familiar with the conversion factor at this time (April 2014), it's 2.13 (USD->TL). So that means… about 50K dollars. WHAT? yes. An Agean sea view apartment, 2 or 3 bedrooms, 50k dollars. 
 At this point the hubby shared with me that if we both could work in the US, even for one year, we could make more than twice that much together. He expressed a desire to work in the US, even if it's only for a few years. Surely, he stated, this would give us a huge leg up financially in Turkey. I nodded my head, smiling, then opened my mouth and said: 
 
 "But I wan't to live in Turkey." 
 
 Hm, since when did THAT happen? I surprised myself with this candid statement. He smiled and said that he knew that I would be happy living in Turkey. But I still can't help but wonder when my opinion on this matter became so concrete. Turkey seemed like a cloud on the horizon, perhaps there is a silver lining somewhere- but it was a cloud none the less. But now, there is no doubt in my mind that I want to experience life in Turkey! The food, the culture, the life style…I want it all! Whether or not I could work in Turkey, I don't know, but I know I wan't to try! Additionally, I miss my in-laws! Being in University, I am not close to either my in-laws or my own family. Indeed, I don't even hear from my own family as frequently as I hear from my in-laws (once a month/ every two weeks vs every weekend). I'm not angry or accusing my family of not caring, they are simply busy, working, while my in-laws are retired. Still, there is no doubt that I love them all, and living further and further away from my own family makes living in Turkey seem less difficult (on a personal front). 
 So where does that leave us now? Well, struggling to finish our degrees seems to be the case. He is still unsure if he can take his PhD at this rate, but I am always the encouraging voice in the background. Hayirlisi olsun. Whatever comes next is nasip. 
 Posted on  April 27, 2014April 27, 2014  by  WhenInTurkey Posted in  Before Turkey/ Türkiye öncesi ,  Decisions/ Kararlar Tagged  America ,  career ,  decisions ,  future ,  jobs ,  living ,  moving ,  opinions ,  plans ,  travel ,  Turkey ,  USA ,  visiting ,  work .  Leave a comment 
 Comments/Yorumlar 
 
 
 
 
 aNadventures  on  5 Signs You're Actually… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Feisty Harriet  on  Where I've Been 
 
 
 
 Brittany  on  Where I've Been 
 
 
 
 Feisty Harriet  on  T minus twelve hours  
 
 
 
 WhenInTurkey  on  Reverse Culture Shock?  
 
 
 
 I Follow/Okuyorum 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search/Ara 
 Search for: 
 Instagram 
 No Instagram images were found. 
 Tags 
 abroad   America   american   athrocentesis   beach   bread   break   breakfast   CELTA   challenge   children   coffee   college   comic   culture   day   decisions   degree   dinner   english   ESL   expat   family   fasting   food   graduate   Graduate school   health   hijab   holiday   international   islam   izmir   jobs   language   learning   life   living   love   marriage   Master   masters   moving   Muslim   New   PhD   photo challenge   problems   program   progress   ramadan   recipe   Recipes   religion   school   second   shopping   soup   struggles   summer   teacher   teaching   thesis   tips   TMJ   travel   Trip   Turkey   turkish   university   USA   vacation   wife   winter   work 
 Archives 
 Archives Select Month June 2018  May 2018  February 2018  June 2017  May 2017  April 2017  March 2017  February 2017  January 2017  December 2016  November 2016  October 2016  September 2016  August 2016  July 2016  June 2016  May 2016  April 2016  March 2016  February 2016  January 2016  December 2015  November 2015  October 2015  September 2015  August 2015  July 2015  June 2015  May 2015  April 2015  March 2015  February 2015  January 2015  December 2014  November 2014  October 2014  September 2014  August 2014  July 2014  June 2014  May 2014  April 2014  March 2014  February 2014  January 2014  December 2013  November 2013  October 2013  September 2013  August 2013  July 2013 
 Hos Geldiniz! Welcome! 
 
 13,503 misafir/guests 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 A Real Girls Guide To Life 
 life is not a bed of roses. 
 Going Groundless 
 One step/(mom)ent at a time 
 Navigating the world of stepmama-hood and life, one step, one moment, at a time 
 ELIF MURT 
 Problems With Infinity 
 aNadventures 
 Feisty Harriet 
 "i" before "e" except when I'm feisty! 
 Angelina Hue 
 Beyond an HDB flat 
 four camels and a coffee to go 
 a story of a blended family and their journey in Vietnam and around the world 
 taking on turkey 
 NSLI-Y Summer 2015 in Bursa, Turkey 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
