  
 
 Jobs 
 Features 
 Newsletter 
 Login 
 
 Talent  Startup 
 I am a 
 Jobseeker Talent 
 or a 
 Hiring Startup 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign up using linkedin   __ 
 Hello 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign in using linkedin   __ 
 Employers  __ 
 Employers  __ 
 __filters __search 
 Filter by category 
 All Jobs Developer Jobs Marketing Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Manager Jobs Customer Support Jobs Sales Jobs Data and Product Jobs Internships Co-Founder Roles Designer Jobs People and Other Jobs 
 Filter by type 
 full-time part-time freelance 
 Advanced Search 
 search jobs __ 
 Head of New Services 
 at Housekeep 
 go back to Manager Jobs 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 
 apply 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 
 
 Introduction 
 Housekeep is the UK's biggest technology platform connecting clients and cleaners in the £5 billion house cleaning market. We help clients find trusted, local cleaners and assist those cleaners with finding dense local client routes, thereby maximising their earnings and saving travel costs. 
 Why We Need You 
 Housekeep has built a strong foundation in the first five years. We're the UK market leader, 3X bigger than the nearest competitor and have delivered 1,000,000+ cleans at a 4.9* average rating. We've reached substantial turnover, are growing at 50% each year - indeed, we were ranked '6th-fastest growing company in Europe' last year by the   Financial Times   - are already profitable and have substantial cash to invest. There's a clear execution opportunity to grow our 1-2% market share in our core market, being recurring house cleaning in London, by 5-10x in the coming years and thereby build a business with a £100M+ valuation. 
 We haven't built this position by luck. We've delivered this by being smarter than anyone else, by working harder than anyone else and by making the right decisions on repeat. There are no pivots here, just the compounding effect of strong execution. 
 Our ambitions are much bigger than winning in a single vertical. We've built a platform from which we can not only tackle the £5B home cleaning market, but from which we can also address the £10B commercial cleaning market and the £40B tradespeople market. We have the market opportunity to build a category winner and to own the home in the coming years, delivering not only a big business but also enormous strategic value. Better still, we have already made real promising starts in each of these new services. There's real scope to build a business worth £1B+; our job is to deliver it. 
 We want to build on our promising starts in these new services by giving them the resource they deserve. That's where you fit in. We want you to act as the founder and entrepreneur driving one of these new service lines, responsible for everything from strategy, to product, to execution, to P&L ownership. You'll need to bring intellectual firepower, commercial acumen and a sleeves-rolled-up entrepreneurial spirit to drive us forward. We want you to add business-defining value to us and for this to be a career-defining role for you. 
 The Role 
 You'll report to the CEO and join the senior leadership team at Housekeep. You'll draw on everything we've already learnt and built, whilst operating with independence, ownership and freedom. 
 You'll need to be a generalist. You'll bring some embedded skills and knowledge. However, the main attributes you will bring to the role are ability and desire. You'll have exceptionally-structured thinking, with the intellectual capability to break problems down and build fragmented understandings together to build elegant solutions. You'll be comfortable making rapid decisions under extreme uncertainty. You'll be drawn to testing and iterating, but you'll often be right first time. You'll outthink and outwork everyone else. Most importantly, you'll have the ability to execute, to build and to deliver rapid growth. 
 We see three components to the role: 
 First, you'll set the strategy for your service line. This will include: 
 
 Setting the 5-year vision & strategy 
 Undertaking market & competitor research & analysis 
 Building a deep understanding of your users from qualitative insight and quantitative data 
 Defining our market positioning, including the customer and supplier proposition 
 Balancing the drive for scaling/growth versus profitability/efficiency 
 
 Second, you'll execute on this strategy. This will include: 
 
 Setting the targets, building planning and leading delivery 
 Launching, testing & iterating on a MVP 
 Building the product and working with our technology team to build it 
 Balancing rapid cycles of testing-learning-iterating with building long-term 
 Owning the P&L 
 Owning the metrics & reporting 
 
 Third, you'll join Housekeep's leadership team. This will include 
 
 Setting Housekeep's long-term vision, strategy & culture 
 Working with the senior leadership team and upskilling the wider team 
 Contributing to finance, legal, HR and culture 
 Driving long-term growth and profitability 
 
 You'll be based in our office in Clerkenwell EC1. 
 The Candidate 
 Your background will include: 
 
 2+ years' experience at a top tier firm in management consulting, investment banking or PE/VC 
 2+ years' experience as a founder or senior manager at a fast-growth business 
 A strong academic track record 
 
 It is a bonus if you have experience working with: 2-sided volume marketplaces; optimising online-offline user flows; human-human field-based interactions; live, real-time services. 
 You will be able to show the following: 
 
 A proven track record in scaling a digital B2C business, as a founder or senior executive 
 Strong leadership skills to recruit, motivate and retain a top tier team 
 Ability to both set a strategic direction and get hands-on with delivery 
 Strong understanding of business & commercial models 
 Deep understanding of commercial metrics e.g. LTV, CAC, payback 
 Excellent critical thinking, through deep qualitative user research and quantitative analysis 
 Strong analytical skills to test, monitor and iterate improvements 
 A passion for working with end-users, UX, product & technology 
 Ability to turn business requirements into product and technical stories 
 Outstanding written and verbal communication, tailorable to different audiences 
 Strong people skills, setting a positive ambitious culture 
 Strong organisational skills 
 Exceptionally high standards & attention-to-detail 
 High levels of motivation and the ability to operate independently 
 The desire to learn and improve everyday 
 
 Your personal approach will be to: 
 
 Think big - be able to conceptualise large, disruptive opportunities 
 Research, test, analyse, learn, iterate - using both quantitative and qualitative methods 
 Prioritise - sequence projects and understand value versus cost 
 Act urgently - driving rapid change 
 Execute - with a focus on output 
 Simplify - 80-20 
 Communicate - make a case that is impossible to refute or ignore 
 Understand technology - to drive growth, scalability and efficiency 
 Understand product-market fit and commercial trade-offs 
 Be obsessive about improving the business every day 
 Set extremely high standards 
 
 The Package 
 We will be paying a market-leading salary, with meaningful equity incentives. 
 Application Process 
 To apply for the role, send us: 
 
 
 Your CV 
 
 
 A succinct cover letter 
 
 
 We look forward to hearing from you. 
 The Housekeep Team 
 www.housekeep.com 
 Published at 11 Jan 2021 - Expires on 11 Mar 2021 
 You need to be logged in to apply.   Login  or  create an account . 
 Is this job ad fake? Report it! 
 ×  Warning! 
 __get the latest startup jobs emailed to you 
 Developer Jobs Designer Jobs Internships Marketing Jobs Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Co-Founder Roles Data and Product Jobs People and Other Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Customer Support Jobs 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;  
 and 
  Privacy Policy  
 and Cookie Use. 
 New Jobs Alert created! 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;   
 and 
  Privacy Policy   
 and Cookie Use. 
 other jobs at  Housekeep 
 fulltime  Head of Strategy  at Housekeep in London 
 __11-01-2021 
 fulltime  Sales and retentions team leader  at Housekeep in London 
 __18-01-2021 
 
 
 * [Terms of Service](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/terms)
 
 
 Privacy 
 Cookie Policy 
 Acceptable Use Policy 
 Still Hiring 
 
 
 
 * [About Us](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/about)
 
 
 FAQ 
 Cities 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 * [__Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/workinstartups/)
 
 
 __Twitter 
 __Instagram 
 Blog 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Work In Startups 
 This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  Read more  Close 
