
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Zumo Labs (W20) 
 We generate synthetic data for computer vision models. 
 3D Artist 
 $70k • 
 Location 
 Remote 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 3+ years 
 About Zumo Labs 
 We generate synthetic data: diverse, unbiased, high-quality data, and lots of it. 
 About the role 
 Zumo Labs is looking for a talented 3D Artist who is comfortable with code. Your day to day will consist of creating and maintaining 3D scenes used to generate synthetic data. 
 This is a remote-only position! Zumo Labs is a fully remote company. 
 Tags: 3D, CG, artist, game developer, Blender, Python 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Create and maintain 3D scenes 
 Source and potentially create 3D assets 
 Build scripts and tools for asset and scene creation 
 Establish good standards and practices around asset and scene creation 
 
 Requirements: 
 
 Experience with Blender 
 Experience with Python, especially Blender’s Python API 
 Experience in node based setups 
 Experience with one or more of the following: humanoid rigging, animation, lighting, shading, asset building, modeling and uv mapping 
 Past add-on development experience 
 Familiarity with game development concepts and processes 
 Interest in Machine Learning -Interest in procedural generation and animation 
 Strong communication and organizational skills 
 Self-driven and comfortable working with a fully remote team 
 
 Compensation: 
 
 Competitive salary 
 Medical, dental, and vision coverage 
 Unlimited vacation 
 Unlimited coffee... 
 
 Technology 
 We use tools like Blender to create virtual scenes. These virtual scenes are scripted to collect thousands of labeled images. We train computer vision models on these labeled images and compare their performance on real world test datasets. This feedback is used along with optimizers/tuners at scale to design better virtual scenes. We provide API hooks for customers to download these custom datasets. Customers use our customized datasets to improve the performance of their ML solutions. 
 Other jobs at Zumo Labs 
 3D Artist 
 fulltime 
 Remote 
 Full Stack 
 $70k 
 3+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
