
  For Clients   For Freelancers  
 About  keyboard_arrow_down 
  sign in   sign up  
 
 menu 
  sign in     sign up  
 
 __ Home  __ For Clients  __ For Freelancers 
 About 
 keyboard_arrow_down 
 How to Find Freelance Jobs That Align with Your Values 
 by  | 17 Jan 2020 |   Freelancers 
 It’s been said that people do their best work when they are working on things they are passionate about. This is why it’s so important to find freelance jobs that are in line with your values. 
 As a freelancer, if you’re continually working on projects that you’re passionate about then you’re going to produce higher quality work. This will allow you to request higher rates for your services and build a more sustainable business for yourself. 
 But more importantly, if you’re always doing work that you believe in you’ll be happier and will feel much more fulfilled. 
 Here are some tips to find freelance jobs that align with your values. 
 Define Your Values 
 Before you can find jobs that align with your values you’ll need to define what your values are and what’s important to you. 
 To do this, start by asking yourself a few questions: 
 
 What makes you feel happy and fulfilled?  Think of the times in your life when you were happiest. What were you doing and what factors contributed to your happiness? 
 Who do you admire?  We often admire people because they embody values that are important to us, so look to those you admire and consider why you admire them. 
 What are your goals?  Think about what will make you happy in the future and what you will need to do to achieve your goals. 
 
 Based on the answers to these questions you should be able to start defining what your most important values are. Try to make a list of your top values so you can keep them in mind when choosing future jobs and projects. 
 You’ll want to revisit your values every so often, as they will likely change and evolve throughout your life. 
 Look for Jobs That Interest You 
 When you’re looking for work, it can be tempting to simply search for freelance jobs that you’re qualified for and that meet your payment expectations. But if you want to find work that is truly fulfilling then you’ll need to be a little more particular about the jobs you take on. 
 When you do jobs that align with your values you 'll do better work and feel more fulfilled. Photo by  bruce mars  from  Pexels . 
 Look for jobs that deal with subjects you’re interested in. Or better yet, find jobs that support causes that are important to you. For example, if you’re passionate about animals search out opportunities to do work for clients such as veterinarians, animals shelters, and animal rights activists. 
 When you’re considering a job, consult the list of values you created and ask yourself whether the job you’re applying for is true to those values. If not, it might be a good idea to move on and find a job that’s better suited to your interests. 
 Research Potential Clients 
 Finding clients that align with your values is just as important as finding the right job. If you and your clients have opposing values and beliefs it’s going to lead to a difficult working relationship. 
 So, when you’re considering a potential job make sure to research the client or organization that’s offering the opportunity to ensure they are a good fit for you. If they have a website make sure to review it. See if you can find their mission statement or any information on their goals and objectives. 
 Of course, what an organization says about itself and how it actually acts can sometimes be different, which is why you should also seek out reviews. Look for reviews from customers to see what their experience with the organization has been like. You’ll also want to find reviews from past employees and freelancers to ensure they were treated well during their time with the client. 
 Make sure to research any potential clients to ensure they align with your values and beliefs. Photo by   Helloquence  on  Unsplash . 
 Finally, see what kind of accreditations the organization has. For example, Certified B Corporations are organizations that meet extremely high standards of social and environmental awareness, public transparency, and legal accountability. These types of certifications can tell you a lot about an organization’s values. 
 Don’t Be Afraid to Turn Down an Opportunity if it’s Not Right for You 
 It’s not uncommon for freelancers to feel like they have to accept every job that’s given to them. But the truth is if you want to find freelance jobs that align with your values you must first turn down the ones that don’t. 
 It’s simply impossible to do your best work when you’re not passionate about what you’re doing. If the project or client isn’t in line with your beliefs the quality of your work will inevitably suffer. And that’s not fair to you or the client. 
 Plus, every job you accept means there will be one or two projects down the road that you may have to decline. You don’t want to be put in a situation where you have to turn down work that really excites you because you’re stuck doing work that’s not bringing you any fulfilment. 
 Remember, as a freelancer you’re not obligated to accept every offer you’re given. There’s nothing wrong with declining work while you wait for an opportunity that’s more in line with your values. 
 Find More Fulfiling Freelance Jobs with Work for Impact 
 Are you committed to finding more fulfiling projects and want to work for clients with high moral standards? Work for Impact is a freelance platform that offers jobs solely from socially and environmentally responsible organizations, and nonprofits. 
 We screen all of our clients before allowing them to post jobs on our site so freelancers can be sure they are working for organizations that adhere to ethical business practices. We also offer a number of impactful job opportunities that will help freelancers make a difference around the globe. 
 Click here  to sign up for Work for Impact and start discovering more meaningful freelance opportunities. 
 Leave a reply 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Comment 
 null 
 Submit Comment 
 Most Popular Posts 
 
 How to Write a Winning Freelance Proposal 
 
 1158 views  | under   Freelancers 
 
 How to Find Freelance Jobs That Align with Your Values 
 
 974 views  | under   Freelancers 
 
 Work for Impact Has Officially Launched! 
 
 911 views  | under   Clients,  Freelancers,  Social Impact 
 
 The Positive Environmental Impacts of the Flexible Work Economy 
 
 640 views  | under   Clients,  Environmental,  Freelancers 
 
 5 important skills you need to have if you want to work in a for-purpose organization 
 
 597 views  | under   Clients,  Freelancers 
 Categories 
 school  Clients  
 language  Environmental  
 computer  Freelancers  
 group  Humanitarian  
 category  Inside Work for Impact  
 settings_voice  Interviews  
 notification_important  News  
 emoji_people  Social Impact  
 Subscribe to our Blog 
 Get fresh blog posts and news 
straight to your inbox 
  Who we are  
  Our Mission  
  Partners  
  Transparency of Fees  
  Media Inquiries  
  Community  
  Help Center  
  Bugs & Ideas  
  Time Tracker  
  Blog  
  Terms of Use  
  Terms For Services  
  Privacy Policy  
  Cookie Notice  
  Pathways Program  
 Have any questions or concerns? 
  Get Help  
 
 © 2021 WFI® Inc. 
