Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Automotive Sales Consultant 
 Upper James Toyota 
 __Burlington, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Upper James Toyota is currently searching for a Sales Consultant 
 Upper James Toyota is part of the Parkway Motors Hamilton dealership group and takes pride in having serviced the greater Hamilton area for over 40 years. What makes our dealership different is our team. We like to smile and measure our success in dollars and the satisfaction of our clients. 
 You must be able to demonstrate a history of sales success to apply. 
 Selling vehicles is not so much a job as a lifestyle choice and we want to meet enthusiastic individuals looking to better themselves by putting in hard work and always keeping the needs of their clients as a top priority. 
 Upper James Toyota Offers: 
 
 Upbeat and positive working environment 
 Potential earnings of $40,000 to $85,000 + 
 Professional Sales training provided 
 Benefits Package which includes Health, Dental, LTD and Life Insurance 
 Established busy dealership 
 Closed on Sunday’s and one more day off during the week 
 A family owned and operated business 
 Supportive management and senior management teams 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 Positive attitude 
 Valid OMVIC License Required 
 Accountability and Dependability 
 Automotive Sales, Customer Service or other Sales experience necessary 
 Able to work in a team environment 
 Performance Driven 
 Determined to Succeed 
 
 The ideal candidate will have previous experience in automotive sales or extensive experience in sales. 
 Upper James Toyota is an equal opportunity employer and strives to ensure that its hiring process meets the needs of all persons with disabilities as per AODA requirements. As such, Upper James Toyota will provide reasonable accommodation for any applicant, as requested during the hiring process. 
 Please submit a resume only. No walk-ins or phone calls please.  All applications will be kept in strict confidence. Thank you in advance for your application. Only qualified candidates will be contacted. 
 Reference ID: UJ Sales 
 Job Types: Full-time, Commission, Permanent 
 Salary: $40,000.00-$90,000.00 per year 
 Experience: 
 
 Sales: 3 years (Required) 
 automotive sales: 3 years (Required) 
 
 Education: 
 
 Secondary School (Required) 
 
 Location: 
 
 Burlington (Preferred) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 OMVIC (Required) 
 
 Language: 
 
 English (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
