Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 IMS Director - TransitNEXT 
 SNC-Lavalin 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 TransitNEXT is a wholly-owned subsidiary of SNC-Lavalin. SNC-Lavalin is pleased to announce that TransitNEXT, has reached financial close on the Trillium Line Extension project. As the sole proponent in the TransitNEXT team, SNC-Lavalin will design, build, finance and maintain the new extension, and will also assume responsibility for the long-term maintenance of the existing Trillium Line. 
 Join TransitNEXT and become part of The Trillium Line Extension project, expanding and enhancing transit services in Ottawa. 
 As part of the Trillium project based in Ottawa, we are looking for an Integrated Management System (IMS) Director to develop, implement, maintain and ensure the effective operation of the IMS. 
 Responsibilities: 
Initiating management reviews and taking other actions necessary to ensure the effective operation and continuous improvement of the IMS; 
Preparing IMS Audit Plans, scheduling and coordinating Internal IMS Audits and External IMS Audits of key processes with the relevant parties and reporting the findings of such audits to the Client; 
Liaising with the Client and acting as the primary representative on all matters relating to quality management, environmental management and sustainability; 
Preparing IMS information for the monthly reports for submission to the Client; 
Ensuring that relevant IMS records are retained in accordance with the IMS; 
Developing and implementing a program for Corrective Action for Non-Conformances; 
Ensuring the risk register includes IMS aspects; 
Directing all aspects of environmental and sustainability programs for the Project, including the annual environmental and sustainability reporting activities; 
Directing the preparation and submission to the Client Representative of all plans, reports and documents. 
 Knowledge and Qualifications: 
Technical or engineering degree; 
Certified QMS 2000 series Auditor or, at a minimum, had successfully completed a recognized ISO 9001, 14001, or OHSAS 18001 Lead Auditor Course; 
15 years of experience including IMS/Quality Management experience on projects of similar scope and complexity; 
Problem solving abilities, contributing to new quality initiatives, striving for continuous improvements; 
Strong analytical skills and auditing experience. 
We offer an opportunity to work on varied and interesting projects in Canada and around the world. Salary will be commensurate with your experience. While we sincerely thank all applicants, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 At SNC-Lavalin, we seek to hire individuals with diverse characteristics, backgrounds and perspectives. We strongly believe that world-class talent makes no distinctions based on gender, ethnic or national origin, sexual identity and orientation, age, religion or disability, but enriches itself through these differences. 
 SNC-Lavalin cares about your privacy. SNC-Lavalin and other subsidiary or affiliated companies of SNC-Lavalin (referred to throughout as “SNC-Lavalin”) are committed to protecting your privacy. Please consult our Privacy Notice on our Careers site to know more about how we collect, use and transfer your Personal Data. 
 By submitting your personal information to SNC-Lavalin, you confirm that you have read and accept our Privacy Notice. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
