Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Director, Digital Health, Customer Engagement Technology 
 Loblaw Companies Limited 
 __Brampton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
1 Presidents Choice Circle, Brampton, Ontario, L6Y 5S5 
 The decision to join a company is a big one. We have opportunities for hard working, energetic and reliable people just like you. 
 Why is this role important? 
 Director, Digital Health, Customer Engagement Technology 
 
 As the Director, Digital Health, Customer Engagement Technology this role reports directly to the Sr. Director, Customer Engagement Technology. The Director role is responsible for the Digital Health Technology Road Map, Technology Delivery, Technology Operational Service, Stakeholder Management, Release Management and Vendor Management. This role requires great collaboration with Health Care business stakeholders, strong experience in health care digital product delivery and third-party vendor integration. We are looking for a strategic, customer centric, self-motivated, innovative technology leader with the ability to work independently with cross-functional teams. 
 
 · 
 
 WHAT YOU WILL DO: 
 Responsible for the Technology Strategy and Roadmap for the Digital Health product. 
 Responsible for Digital Health Technology Delivery and Operations 
 Establish strong relationships with business stakeholders and other internal stakeholders 
 Portfolio Management and Financial Management 
 Define organization structure and IT strategy to support the business growth 
 Provides strategic guidance to teams to ensure escalated concerns related to the portfolio are appropriately managed 
 Comprehensive knowledge of technology best practices, procedures and principles of Service Management 
 Ability to guide cross-functional teams through complex change from concept to execution 
 Lead a continuous improvement effort to optimize availability and resiliency Customer Solutions Delivery Applications 
 Responsible for Vendor Relationship management and Review Vendor metrics monthly. 
 Monitor service delivery against standards, implement action plans to ensure service deliverable are achieved consistently. 
 Review SLA metrics for Customer Engagement Technology with Business 
 Review Operation Risks on continuous basis work with audit teams and stakeholders to develop mitigation plans. 
 Responsible for Operation Dashboard, Major Incident triage and business communication, Production Application health, Application Monitoring, Responsible for Environment Management, Release Management, Deployment Management 
 Responsible for Major system upgrades, system disaster recovery management, assets management 
 Ability to make an impact, influence and achieve results with effective negotiation, problem-solving and communication skills 
 Ability to create and foster a cohesive team, and promote a positive work environment for all employees 
 Commitment to team skills development and ability to attract top talent 
 
 WHAT YOU WILL NEED: 
 
 To be a strategic, customer centric, self-motivated, innovative technology leader collaborating with cross-functional teams 
 8 years+ Digital Transformation Platform experience 
 10 years+ IT delivery and service management experience 
 10 years+ IT-business stakeholder management experience 
 Strong leadership, planning and organizational skills 
 Strong stakeholder management skills 
 Strong technology strategy, execution, and analytical skills 
 Working experience with Health products 
 Working experience with software and hardware architecture principles 
 Post-secondary education in Computer Science Engineering or related discipline, ITIL is an asset 
 
 How You’ll Succeed: 
At Loblaw, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Employment Type: 
Full time 
 Type of Role: 
Regular 
 Type of Contract: 
Loblaw recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. 
 Please Note:  If you have Employee Self Service (ESS) on Workday, apply to this job via the Workday application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
