[ 
 Workew 
 Workew is the #1 board to find remote jobs, careers and other remote work opportunities to become digital nomad, work from anywhere and travel the world. 
 ](https://workew.com/ "Workew") Close Search for: Search 
 
 Remote Jobs 
 
 Marketing 
 Developer 
 Operations 
 Designer & UX 
 Customer Service 
 Project Mgmt 
 Sales & Biz Dev 
 Writing & Editing 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Other WFH Jobs 
 
 
 Remote Work Course 
 My account 
 
 Shopping Cart 
 
 
 More
 
 Facebook Group 
 Telegram Alerts 
 Pricing & Plans 
 Remote Health 
 Contact Us 
 Blog Posts 
 
 
 Post a Job 
 Post a Resume 
  __Facebook 
 
 Menu 
 Email Marketing Manager 
 
 
 Marketing 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 Posted September 11 
 Applications have closed 
 Ollie 
 
 Overview 
 Ollie was born with the mission of improving the lives of pets and pet parents nationwide. We make human-grade pet food, tailored for each dog’s nutritional needs, and deliver directly to our customers’ doors. Through Ollie’s carefully crafted meals, dogs can truly live their healthiest, happiest lives. 
 We are a newly remote team, with a majority of employees based in NYC, and are backed by the same venture capital companies behind Instacart, Warby Parker, Glamsquad, Mirror, Prose, and Allbirds. 
 We are looking for an  Email Marketing Manager  to own the strategy for our email programs to all audiences (prospects, leads and customers) and independently manage end-to-end CRM operations. This is a great opportunity for someone who wants to run their own show, and has the strategic chops and attention to detail to do so. 
 This role will work cross functionally and require strong collaboration, communication and project management. You will report to the Sr Director of Acquisition & Retention, and manage the deployment of all email marketing campaigns to drive positive impact, engagement, subscription and reactivation. 
 This role will require a strong blend of analytics, planning and campaign execution, and be focused on measuring and optimizing effectiveness. You should have a test and learn mentality, always wanting to improve our efforts. You will also keep Ollie current on email marketing best practices with regard to content strategies, data capture, analysis, deliverability, and CAN-SPAM compliance. 
 Ollie's team is evolving from a NYC based group to a fully distributed workforce so we welcome applications from across the U.S. 
 Responsibilities 
 
 Own all CRM marketing across leads and customers, deploying effective campaigns across email, SMS, and in-box messaging 
 Build and deploy all email/SMS campaigns, leveraging our ESP to flawlessly deliver targeted, effective messaging to our customers 
 Analyze and optimize one-off campaigns and automated workflows, understanding key performance drivers and developing best practices to maximize effectiveness 
 Launch A/B tests across messaging, creative, promotion, and landing pages, maintaining an ongoing testing framework and reporting regularly on test results 
 Leverage 1st and 3rd party data to further develop audience segmentation, creating personalized messaging across email/SMS to achieve relevant, targeted messaging 
 Drive subscriber growth for Ollie, with a focus on driving high LTV and acquiring better customers 
 Partner closely with Creative team to create consistent, brand-driven messaging and visual design, balancing industry best practices with brand identity 
 
 About You 
 
 You have 3-5 years of relevant experience (bonus if you have done email marketing for a consumer subscription business) 
 Ideally you have experience with modern ESPs, big plus for experience with Iterable 
 You have a successful track record of developing and executing email marketing campaigns, ideally for both acquisition and retention strategies 
 You are highly data-driven and have strong project management skills that will aid you in designing and optimizing marketing programs to deliver upon overall company goals and metrics 
 You take ownership, are an inventive problem solver, and have a high-level of accountability 
 You work well cross-functionally, with experience working with Creative and Tech teams 
 You are a self-starter with the ability to identify, prioritize, and help the team focus on the tasks that drive the most value 
 You have a deep understanding of customer segmentation and ability to read the data 
 You are detail-oriented, operate with urgency and are comfortable with a high degree of dynamism in the business 
 This is a remote position and will require a go getter to be able to influence others to help achieve your agenda over zoom and slack 
 
 Benefits 
 
 Competitive pay + a stake in the company 
 Comprehensive health coverage 
 Unlimited vacation policy that you're actually encouraged to use 
 Paid parental leave 
 Pre-tax commuter benefits 
 Monthly lunch stipend through Seamless 
 Home office set-up budget 
 1-week paw-ternity leave for new dog parents 
 Ollie subscription for one dog 
 Inspiring pack members! 
 
 If you 'd like to standout, tell us in your cover letter why you're interested in joining Ollie and how your skills match the responsibilities detailed in this posting. 
 Ollie embraces diversity and equal opportunity. We 're committed to building a team that represents a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. Ollie is an equal opportunity employer and does not discriminate on the basis of race, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, protected veteran status, disability, age, or other legally protected status. For individuals with disabilities who would like to request an accommodation, please email  [email protected] 
 
 Bookmark Job 
 
 Job Page Views:  174 
 Marketing 
 
  Website  
  Twitter  
  Facebook  
  Instagram  
 
 Full Time 
 More Jobs 
 Position closed? 
 Let us know . 
 Share this job: 
 
  Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Join the Remote Slack Community: 
 
 Signup today for free!  🚀 
 Related Jobs 
 
 
 
 Community Manager 
 playco  We create games that billions of people can play together 
 Anywhere 🌎 
 * Marketing
* December 11
 
 
 
 
 Senior Full Stack Engineer 
 WeTransfer  Beautifully obvious tools to keep your ideas moving 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 * Developer
* December 11
 
 
 
 
 Senior Marketing Manager 
 Winnie  Discover the best daycares, preschools, and more! 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 * Marketing
* December 19
 
 Find Your Dream Job 
 Recruiters looking for remote talent can find your resume based on keywords, job titles, skills and more. 
 Post a resume today 
 WORKEW © 2020 
 Facebook   Twitter   LinkedIn   Instagram   YouTube 
 Back to Top 
 Nomad Insurance by SafetyWing : The best travel medical insurance for freelancers & remote workers Get Insured 
