Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Job inventorySpecialist, Heritage Programming 
 City of Ottawa 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Position:  Job inventory - Specialist, Heritage Programming 
 Competition Number:  2019-EX-EN-52534141-01 
 Competition posting date:  2019.05.21 
 Competition closing date:  2020.07.19 
 Recreation, Cultural & Facility Services Department, Community Recreation & Cultural Programs, Cultural & 
Heritage Programs & Spaces Branch 
1 or more Part-time Continuous Positions (up to 24 hours per week) 
 Affiliation:  CUPE 503 PT RC & Aquatics 
 Salary:  $19.986 to $29.186 per hour (2019 rates of pay) 
 Location:  2940 Old Montreal Road 
 Types of Heritage Specialist Programming 
 positions available: 
 
 Blacksmith (minimum 2 positions) 
 Sawmill Assistant (minimum 2 positions) 
 Print Shop Operator (minimum 2 positions) 
 Animal Husbandry (minimum 2 positions) 
 Carpentry (minimum 2 positions) 
 
 Shifts available:  Flexible shifts are scheduled to meet operational needs. Weekday and weekend shifts 
available. Daytime, evening, and nighttime shifts available, from 2 to 8 hours. 
 Cumberland Heritage Village Museum is located in east Ottawa. The museum presents rural life during 
the1920s and 1930s, a period of great technological advances and social change. There are 30 historic and 
reproduction buildings including domestic homes, an operational sawmill and blacksmith shop; vegetable, 
flower and herb gardens; agricultural fields, machinery and equipment, and heritage breed farm animals. 
 This position requires an ability to demonstrate skilled trades, including but not limited to, blacksmithing, 
printing, animal husbandry, carpentry, etc. When applying please clearly identify your skilled trade(s) and 
relevant qualifications and experience. 
 Staff will be required to dress in heritage costume and to work outside in a variety of weather conditions. 
 There are no public transportation links to Cumberland Heritage Village Museum. Reliable transportation is 
required. 
 Category:  Ongoing Inventories 
 Employment Group:  Recreation and Culture 
 Job Summary 
 The Heritage Programming Specialist is responsible for interpretive and educational program development 
as well as delivery at the City of Ottawa's historic sites and museums. Responsible for ongoing work on 
heritage projects, including preparation and coordination of heritage programming materials and supplies. 
Responsible for historical research for educational and promotional use. Works with the Education and 
Interpretation Programs Officers to develop and deliver heritage programming to Museum users. Receives 
and directs visitors, answers public inquiries (such as genealogy research and questions related to the site's 
history) and dispenses public information. Performs reception and clerical duties as needed including 
program bookings, mailings, reservations and confirmations. 
 Heritage programming may include, but is not limited to:  print shop operations, sawmill assistance, pump 
factory operations, blacksmith shop operations, carpentry, animal and livestock husbandry, farming and 
agriculture, and operation of heritage farm equipment, including vintage tractors. 
 Education & Experience 
 Minimum 2 years of enrollment in University or College in History, Social Sciences, Museum Studies, 
Education or related discipline. 
 2 years of interpretive or educational experience in a museum environment, or 2 years of experience 
teaching in a school environment. 
 and 
 1 year of experience in historical research and project writing, or 1 year of experience in a heritage trade. 
 
 Experience and formal training combined with demonstrated performance and ability may substitute for 
 
 stipulated academic requirements. 
 Language, Certificates & Licenses 
 A valid Ontario unrestricted "G" class driver’s license (or provincial equivalent) with no more than 6 demerit 
points accumulated. 
 The successful candidate will be required to complete a Criminal Record Check to the City of Ottawa’s 
satisfaction. 
 Current Standard First Aid/CPR "C" certification 
Current Automated External Defibrillator (A.E.D.) certification 
AODA Accessibility Training 
 Some positions:  Designated - specific level of language proficiency: 
French oral, reading, required 
English oral, reading, writing required 
 English oral, reading, writing required 
 Knowledge 
 
 Historical facts and information about the city of Ottawa 
 Ottawa's historical sites, museums, archives and other heritage institutions 
 Educational and interpretive programming techniques 
 Practical knowledge of heritage trade(s) 
 Theories and practices of teaching 
 Ontario School curriculum 
 Proper museological techniques for the handling and display of artifacts 
 Current trends in museum educational programs 
 Client service needs 
 Project management 
 MS Office software including MS Word and MS Excel. 
 General visitor centre procedures and techniques 
 Knowledge of applicable health and safety legislation, including the rights and duties of workers. 
 
 Competencies & Skills 
 
 Demonstrable skill in heritage trade(s) 
 Excellent communication 
 Excellent promotional skills 
 Bilingual 
 Very good organizational and multitasking skills 
 Excellent writing skills 
 Demonstrated ability to lead, coordinate, and supervise staff 
 Budget management 
 Make decisions, design and implement programs 
 
 If this opportunity matches your interest and profile please apply online by using the "Apply" 
button. If this is your first online application please refer to our resources on how to apply for jobs online. 
 We thank all candidates for their interest, however, only those selected to continue in the selection process 
will be contacted. 
 The City of Ottawa is committed to providing quality services by establishing a qualified workforce that 
reflects the diverse population it serves. The City encourages applications from all qualified individuals. 
 Accessible formats and communication supports are available upon request. Please contact the 
HR Service Centre at 613-580-2424, extension 47411. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
