
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 SafeButler (S17) 
 Your chief servant for shopping insurance 
 Software Engineer Intern 
 
 Location 
 Remote 
 Job Type 
 Internship 
 Experience 
 About SafeButler 
 SafeButler searches insurance sites to help you find the information you need to make smarter decisions on insurance. We use technologies to simplify the flow so that you don't need to fill out lengthy forms and get quotes instantly from top-rated companies. 
 About the role 
 Skills:  CSS, HTML, JavaScript, React 
 Who we're looking for 
 If you are an entrepreneur-minded student, have built some projects to solve a real-life problem, and have a solid background in software engineering, we welcome you to join our team to make a dent in the trillion-dollar insurance industry. 
 Within your internship, you will own projects from end-to-end and become a decision-maker and active contributor throughout the product cycle, making impacts to tens of thousands of consumers and insurance agents around the US. 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Create customer-obsessed experience with React/HTML/CSS 
 Design experiments and metrics to help you with task #1 
 Drive your projects from end to end 
 Bring innovative and fresh ideas to the table 
 
 Requirements: 
 
 Experience with React/Redux/HTML/CSS 
 Know REST API 
 Have experience in coding to solve a real-world problem 
 Understand algorithms without the necessity to solve brainteasers 
 Entrepreneur-mind is preferred 
 
 What can you expect from us? 
 
 Learn experience in a fast-pace startup 
 We support CPT and academic credit internships 
 
 About SafeButler 
 SafeButler is a free service whose mission is to help consumers effortlessly compare insurance. It is a YCombinator-funded startup that uses AI and automation to simplify the shopping process, saving time and money. They have perfect ratings from both the BBB as well as Google for their intuitive, trustworthy service. 
 Visit  safebutler.com  to learn more. 
 Technology 
 React <> Django <> AWS 
 Other jobs at SafeButler 
 Software Engineer Intern 
 intern 
 Remote 
 Frontend 
 Any 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
