Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 IT Specialist 
 Cowichan Intercultural Society 
 __Duncan, BC 
 Apply Now 
 IT Specialist. Youth Internship Opportunity - January 4th, 2021 to March 31st, 2021 
 The Cowichan Intercultural Society is a Canadian registered charitable organization that has been operating in the Cowichan Valley Region since 1981. 
 The Cowichan Intercultural Society provides services and support to newcomers to Canada settling in the Cowichan Valley, and activities to create a more welcoming and inclusive community. 
 The IT Specialist will be part of a team developing and researching software technology solutions to real time problems. The IT Specialist will provide digital learning support, helping newcomers and staff (if needed) to develop and practice digital skills. 
 The ideal candidate will have: 
 
 
 a passion for technology. 
 
 
 ability to manage multiple projects simultaneously with attention to detail 
 
 
 proficiency in major social media platforms and knowledge of best practices 
 
 
 proficiency in Microsoft Office applications (Outlook, Word, Excel and PowerPoint) 
 
 
 fluency in at least one language other than English 
 
 
 excellent interpersonal skills, as well as verbal and written communication skills 
 
 
 demonstrated success in relationship-building 
 
 
 ability to share our vision and mission and engage others in support of newcomers to the region. 
 
 
 Task and responsibilities: 
 
 
 Guide training and IT support, including network set-up installation and device use 
 
 
 support the Communications Coordinator with communications material and content for campaigns and social media platforms 
 
 
 help to develop and update the digital team’s calendar 
 
 
 support the Youth Worker with community outreach, engaging with other youth in the community 
 
 
 guide clients and teams in system troubleshooting and selection of tools and technology to deliver projects successfully 
 
 
 organize and conduct computer trainings/workshops 
 
 
 design computer training manuals, submitting initial versions for review; revising and editing final copy 
 
 
 This position is 30 hours per week from January 4th, 2021 to March 31st, 2021. The hourly wage is $18.00 - $21.00 per hour. 
 This position is funded by The Government of Canada. 
 The opportunity is for: 
 - Young people between the age of 15 and 30 years old (inclusive) at the start of the internship, legally entitled to work in Canada and Canadian citizen, permanent resident or person who has been granted refugee status in Canada 
 - Young people not receiving any employment benefits (EI/CERB) during the internship. 
 The successful candidate must provide a criminal record check if over 18. This position will start as soon as possible. 
 Covid prevention measures are in place to ensure a safe workplace. This role could have some remote components but is expected to be in-person. 
 We thank all applicants; however, only those shortlisted will be contacted for an interview. 
 APPLICATION DEADLINE   :  December 11th, 2020 at 4:00 pm. Interested candidates should provide resume and cover letter in PDF format to: Carolina Martino, Director the Operations. 
 Contract length: 3 months 
 Application Deadline: 2020-12-11 
 Expected Start Date: 2021-01-04 
 Job Types: Full-time, Internship, Contract 
 Salary: $18.00-$21.00 per hour 
 Schedule: 
 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
