Skip to primary content 
 Webner House 
 The Webner Family's Blog 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous   Next -> 
 Thank You, Steve Jobs 
 Posted on  October 6, 2011  by   webnerbob 
 Steve Jobs has died at age 56. Jobs,  who co-founded Apple and then returned after a decade-long absence to turn the struggling Apple into the world's most profitable company, had long battled pancreatic cancer . 
 Under Jobs' leadership, Apple rolled out personal computers, laptops, iPods, iPhones, and iPads -- all products that helped to create and define the booming consumer electronics industry. He was reputed to be relentless in pushing his employees to meet impossible deadlines, surmount daunting technological hurdles, create new features, and constantly push, push, push the envelope. As a result, he spurred Apple's development as the world's strongest brand -- characterized by high-quality ground-breaking products with ultra-cool designs that came in sleek packaging and were advertised by iconic campaigns. In the process, he created legions of dedicated and loyal Apple consumers like me. But Jobs did more than that. Apple's enormous success encouraged competitors and other entrepreneurs to develop ever-improving products at ever-low prices. It's one reason why the consumer electronics industry remains one of the strongest sectors of the global economy. 
 When a person is as driven as Steve Jobs was supposed to be, you wonder if they ever paused to reflect on what they have accomplished. When Henry Ford saw roads where horses had once trotted filled with Model Ts, and formerly empty lots give rise to automobile, steel, and rubber factories employing hundreds of thousands of workers, what did he think? When Steve Jobs walked through an airport and saw countless travelers listening to iPods, playing games on iPhones, or watching movies on iPads, did he feel a sense of immense satisfaction at his achievements -- or was he thinking solely about the next great product? 
 Whether he fully appreciated it or not, Jobs had a profound impact and improved the lives of millions of people -- whether they were consumers who revel in their Apple products or people employed by the companies who make, package, or market the products that Jobs helped create. 
 Thank you, Steve Jobs! May you rest in peace. 
 Share this: 
 
 Reddit 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 Print 
 Email 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  America ,  Technology  and tagged  America ,  Apple ,  Consumer electronics ,  Henry Ford ,  iPads ,  iPhones ,  Ipods ,  Steve Jobs ,  Technology  by  webnerbob . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 About webnerbob 
 A Cleveland and Ohio State sports fan who lives in Columbus, Ohio 
  View all posts by webnerbob ->  
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
