Skip to content 
 
 Victoria Terrinoni 
 Author site 
 Menu + × expanded collapsed 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Chappy T Wife 
 Contact 
 
 Job or Career: What Military Spouses Should Know 
 Posted by Victoria Terrinoni October 21, 2020October 24, 2020 Posted in Military Spouse ,  New Military Spouse Tags: careers ,  Job ,  Military Spouse ,  new military spouses 
 When the Good Chaplain went on active duty with the U.S. Air Force, I had a decision to make. I was the city editor for a local paper. I'd been working on newspapers for the last 10 years, and it was something I loved. But, I also knew our new lifestyle would include frequent moves, and I wasn't sure I wanted to be bogged down working full-time. 
 Luckily, my job was portable, and I ended up becoming a freelance writer for newspapers and magazines nationwide. Sadly, we did not need my income to survive. His salary as a beginning captain was what the two of us were making combined in the civilian world. 
 As your spouse enters his military career or continues if you married someone already in the military, chances are you will have to make the same decision. Do you want to work outside of the house, work from home, or not work at all? And the biggest question to ask yourself is, do you want a job or a career? 
 That question is key to the job search. Some careers lend themselves better to the military lifestyle. Teaching and nursing are two that come to mind. But keep in mind, it can be like starting all over again when you move to a new market. I've known many teachers who have to start as a first-year teacher each time they move. That sucks. 
 Making the decision of whether to pursue a career or a job depends on several factors. 
 
 What is the area job market like? Is it saturated in your career field? What kind of professional positions are open? Is the area depressed with a high unemployment rate? Do some research before you even move to the area. I contacted the newspaper in Minot, North Dakota before we even left Alaska, and the editor called me while we were packing out, so I knew I had a job in my career field when I got there. 
 If you are pursuing a professional position, do you have the necessary certifications? The military just made it a little easier for some professionals to move around with new reciprocal certification rules. Under the 2018 National Defense Authorization Act, the service branches can reimburse spouses up to $1,000 for any re-licensing or certification costs because of a military move. Check with your branch to see what it does. Also, many states are using license portability for military spouses. This action helps make the licensing and certification go quicker. For more information on state-sponsored reciprocal agreements, click  here . The site provides a map of which states are involved in the agreement and finding information on your profession. 
 
 https://www.veterans.gov/milspouses/ 
 Finding the right job is not always easy for military spouses, but using the tools I gave you last week and the information from today, it can be accomplished. 
 Next week I will talk about whether you want a job on base or off. 
 Until then, 
 Vicki 
 Share your experiences trying to transfer licenses or certificates in the comments below. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Posted by Victoria Terrinoni October 21, 2020October 24, 2020 Posted in Military Spouse ,  New Military Spouse Tags: careers ,  Job ,  Military Spouse ,  new military spouses 
 Published by Victoria Terrinoni 
 I am an Air Force Chaplain spouse and proud of it. The Good Chaplain retired in 2018, and we now reside in Central Illinois near one of our daughters, our son-in-law, and two granddaughters. Our other daughter lives in Delaware with her husband and two sons. My passions are my grandchildren, the military, and meeting new people. My goal is to mentor new military spouses in this beautiful way of life.   View more posts  
 Post navigation 
 Previous Post Previous post: 
8 Sources for a Military Spouse's Job Hunt 
 Next Post Next post: 
On-base Job Opportunities Abound for Military Spouses 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 223 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Find Me 
 
  Facebook  
  Twitter  
  LinkedIn  
  Pinterest  
 
 Previous Posts 
 
 January 2021 
 December 2020 
 November 2020 
 October 2020 
 September 2020 
 August 2020 
 July 2020 
 June 2020 
 
 Victoria Terrinoni ,  Powered by WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 %d bloggers like this: 
