Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Senior Treasury Analyst, Treasury Services 
 CIBC Mellon 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Company Information: 
CIBC Mellon is a leading provider of asset servicing solutions to institutional investors in Canada, including multi-currency accounting, fund valuation, and investment information reporting. We are passionate about providing exceptional client service backed by our culture of innovation and success. Our outstanding employee experience will provide you with opportunities to learn and grow professionally while supporting the communities in which you live and work. 
 We are a diverse and dynamic workplace where employees take an active role in delivering on strategic objectives while advancing their individual career goals. We encourage innovative thinking and give our employees the support and resources they need to turn great ideas into actions. 
 We’re always looking for talented people who can make a meaningful difference for our clients, our company and our communities. To learn more about why our employees love coming to work each day, visit www.cibcmellon.com/experience. 
 Position Overview: 
The Senior Treasury Analyst, Treasury Services, acts as a subject matter expert within Treasury Services and other departments on all banking and deposit related matters. This includes the company’s demand deposit and money market fund. This position also leads the preparation of month end reporting, as well as perform analytics to ensure validity of reported interest, referral fees and balances. 
 Responsibilities: 
Banking 
 
 Oversees and leads the setup of new banking services for all business units, as well as act as an escalation point of contact for any trouble shooting. 
 Maintain all bank account records by ensuring the master list is up to date and ensure all interest earned/charged are captured accurately. 
 Work with the banking relationship manager to ensure all bank agreements are reviewed and updated on a regular basis. 
 
 Reporting 
 
 Leads and coordinates all Bank of Canada enquiries and filing regarding the deposit book and Ontario Securities Commission filing for the money market fund. 
 Prepares the month-end package and ALCO materials 
 Develops and prepares specified daily or monthly CDIC reports for use by group management to summarize specified period ending activity 
 Analyse and prepare the monthly performance report for the money market fund 
 
 Trade Capture 
 
 Manage all custody account setups, modifications and changes by coordinating with various internal departments (treasury investments, custody services, fund valuation, account management, etc). 
 Works with the Treasury Analyst to monitor the daily trade and administration activity associated with the management of CIBC Mellon portfolios and the money market fund. 
 Estimates daily cash positions in support of daily Investment activity using well defined methods, processes & approaches, working collaboratively with Treasury team/management to formulate position as well as confirm and approve decisions. 
 Evaluates and reviews daily forecast variances, investigating initial causes and taking necessary follow up actions to resolve and adjust identified variances. 
 Conducts daily and monthly reconciliations of various accounting systems and trading activities 
 
 Other 
 
 Collaborates with other internal departments/business lines to deal with Treasury related initiatives & enquiries, potentially handling items, issues or concerns directly, through escalation from lower levels or may escalate to Treasury management when necessary. 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 Undergraduate business degree with a professional designation (CPA, CA, CFA, or CTP) 
 Minimum 5 years progressive experience within banking, treasury and/or capital markets 
 Knowledge of money market and capital market instruments, dealers and practices; corporate banking services and practices; CIBC Mellon’s custody management systems 
 Presentation and communication skills 
 Advanced excel skills 
 
 CIBC Mellon 's Values: 
 Get it Right Every Day:  Deliver service excellence while always acting with the highest ethical standards 
 Put Clients at the Centre:  Advocate for clients by listening, sharing knowledge, and bringing the right solutions forward 
 Be One Family:  Challenge, empower and recognize your colleagues 
 Take Ownership:  Speak up, speak out, and make things better 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
