Skip to content 
       
 
 Home 
 Job Seekers 
 Search Jobs 
 Employers 
 About 
 Resources 
 
 Overview 
 Blog 
 Great Ideas Resource Center 
 Candidate Resource Center 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 Working Solutions News 
 Meridian Area Job Fair 
 Posted on January 31, 2020 by  Krystal Richardson 
 Thursday, February 6, 2020 from 9am to 1pm 
 Tommy E. Dulaney Center - 915 HWY 19 N - Meridian, MS 
 Come see us at the WORKING SOLUTIONS booth!!!!! 
 WHAT IS A JOB FAIR? 
 
 The Governor's Job Fair is a community sponsored, one day event that brings together a diverse group of employers actively looking for employees. 
 Each Job Fair is FREE and open to anyone looking for a job. 
 ​​Employers are assembled to offer real job opportunities to those individuals looking for employment. 
 The Job Fair is distinguished from a​ career day in that job placement rather than career exploration is the main objective and expected outcome. ​ 
 Governor Job Fair events are sponsored by the Office of the Governor, the Mississippi Development Authority and the Mississippi Department of Employment Security and the Mississippi Development Authority. 
 
 The  Mississippi Department of Employment Security  promotes the use of job fairs as another means to help meet the needs of employers, the unemployed, our graduating college and community college students, and our returning military service members. Every job fair planned, conducted or sponsored by this agency is held to the highest standards in organization, professionalism, accessibility, and outcome. 
 
 Objectives and outcomes are focused on jobs for the unemployed and quality applicants for employers.​ 
 Applicants are drawn from the military, colleges and universities, laid off workers and those seeking to improve their career options. 
 Each Job Fair is a NON-PROFIT EVENT. 
 Each Job Fair is an equal opportunity event. 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Related 
 __Posted in Upcoming Events 
 Post navigation 
 __  When things seem out of control do this. Master the Modern Social Job Search  __ 
 Recent Posts 
 
 
 Maneuvering Your Job Search Through COVID-19 
 
 
 Benefits of Maintaining Strong Communication With Your Candidates Through A Crisis 
 
 
 COVID 19 Information 
 
 
 View All News 
 Quick Links 
 Home 
 Job Seekers 
 Search Jobs 
 Employers 
 About Us 
 Resources 
 Contact Us 
 Affiliations 
 Great Ideas Resource Center 
 Working Solutions 
 PO Box 3802 
2403 Highway 39 N 
Meridian, MS 39303 
 Directions 
Phone: (601) 483-9111 
Fax: (601) 482-0111 
 
 
 __ 
 
 
 __ 
 
 
 __ 
 
 
 (C) 2021 Working Solutions 
 
 
 | 
 
 
 Privacy 
 
 
 | 
 
 
 Site Credits  Staffing Websites  by  Haley Marketing 
 
 
 __ 
