Loading.... 
 LOGIN     SIGN UP 
 
 
 Hire Experts 
 Find Work 
 How it Works 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 
 
 SIGN UP! 
 Before you proceed to sign up, 
Please select one of the following! 
 I want to Hire 
 
 --OR-- 
 I want to Work as an 
 
 
 
 Home 
 » 
 Freelance Jobs 
 » 
 Database 
 
 Project Results 
 By Job Category 
 
 All  (548) 
 IT & Programming  (205) 
 Graphic Design & Multimedia  (73) 
 Writing, Content & Translation  (136) 
 Data Entry & Admin  (45) 
 Sales & Marketing  (44) 
 Customer Service  (6) 
 Finance & Accounting  (15) 
 Others  (24) 
 
 By Budget (INR) 
 
 All  (548) 
 Less than 5000 Rs.   (170) 
 Between 5,000 - 20,000 Rs.   (145) 
 Between 20,000 - 50,000 Rs.   (65) 
 Between 50,000 - 100,000 Rs.   (33) 
 Greater than 100,000 Rs.   (30) 
 Not Sure  (105) 
 
 By Project Type 
 
 All  (548) 
 Featured  (31) 
 Full Time  (5) 
 
 By Time Left 
 
 Any 
 Less than 24 hours left 
 Less than 3 days left 
 Less than 7 days left 
 
 By Posted Date 
 
 Any 
 Posted within 24 hours 
 Posted within 3 days 
 Posted within 7days 
 Posted within 14 days 
 Posted within 30 days 
 
 By Status 
 
 Any 
 Hiring Open 
 
 Search Job 
 Database Jobs 
 ( showing 1 - 7 of 7 results ) 
 Database 
 Clear 
 Get Project Updates 
 PAGE 1 OF 1 
 SORT BY Sort by Job Name Budget(High) Budget(Low) Time Left(High) Time Left(Low) 
 Looking for freelance entrepreneurs 
 FIXED PRICE : Greater than 100,000 Rs.   Mobile Applications  Posted: 3 days ago Ends: 01st Mar 2021  3 Proposals 
 Hello All, We've launched our cricket fantasy application and we are looking for some Individuals or team of entrepreneurs who can work with us on revenue basis. We are looking for mean stack developer, designer,... 
 Hello All, We've launched our cricket fantasy application and we are looking for some Individuals or team of entrepreneurs who can work with us on revenue basis. We are looking for mean stack developer, designer, Android or IOS Developer who can Work individually and take ownership and help to grow the application aggressively. Looking forward to hear from you guys and start building our futures. 
 Skills:  Python ,  Database ,  CodeIgniter ,  API ,  Android 
 Client:  chandan.prasad  ,  India 
 To build up LMS WEBSITE/APPLICATION 
 FIXED PRICE : 20,000 - 50,000 Rs.   Software Project Management  Posted: 10th Jan 2021 Ends: 24th Feb 2021  26 Proposals 
 1. 3 dashboard A. students b. Teachers c. Administration 2. Login with OTP & password as well. 3. Students registration (online), teacher registration ( offline & online), freeze button, profile hide mode,... 
 1. 3 dashboard A. students b. Teachers c. Administration 2. Login with OTP & password as well. 3. Students registration (online), teacher registration ( offline & online), freeze button, profile hide mode, content approval button 4.coupon code, sponsored id management, 5. Total Subscription management, Lesson management, 6. Teacher n student both are mapped with department according to semester or year wise academic programs. **DEPARTMENT---> XXXX----> SEMESTER / YEAR----->SUBJECT-----> UNIT NAME / CHAPTER NAME. 7. Group discussions :: only for subscription taken students 8. Talk to the Educator 9. Content cannot be downloaded externally, screen shot taken from webapp. 10. Once contents are download to the dashboard, in order to view the contents authorization required through OTP. 11. ONLINE EXAMINATION FACILITIES ACCORDING TO NATIONAL LEVEL AGENCY MODULE. 12. 
 Skills:  Embedded System ,  Python ,  Database ,  CRM ,  API 
 Client:  saikat59 
 Dashboard with API dev 
 FIXED PRICE : 5,000 - 20,000 Rs.   Application Interface Design  Posted: 04th Jan 2021 Ends: 18th Feb 2021  9 Proposals 
 Please only make a bid if you have done this before. Prefer to have MEAN skills but LAMP is fine. There will be limited users within an org and there will be a predefined menu to chose objectives and goals. API will pull... 
 Please only make a bid if you have done this before. Prefer to have MEAN skills but LAMP is fine. There will be limited users within an org and there will be a predefined menu to chose objectives and goals. API will pull data from existing systems to map against these goals. The dashboard must be secure, modular (stackable with features), Data/security is important besides just SSL as it will handle sensitive data. 
 Skills:  JavaScript ,  Data Modeling ,  Database ,  PHP ,  C++ 
 Client:  bwcommerce  ,  India 
 Web Design  
 FIXED PRICE : 50,000 - 100,000 Rs.   Website Design  Posted: 31st Dec 2020 Ends: 14th Feb 2021  26 Proposals 
 Responsibilities: Develop both print and electronic collateral materials, including general marketing and industry specific brochures, as well as reference materials produced in conjunction with other departments Execu... 
 Responsibilities: Develop both print and electronic collateral materials, including general marketing and industry specific brochures, as well as reference materials produced in conjunction with other departments Execute routine graphic design projects, such as briefing documents, internal communications and newsletter, event invitations, rankings, and one-pagers Assist in the process of taking staff photos in-house Utilize technical skills to edit and prepare internal photography, as needed, across both print and online platform 
 Skills:  JavaScript ,  HTML ,  Database ,  CSS ,  Cisco 
 Client:  momav 
 Shipping web application development - SpringBoot, Java, Bootstrap HTML/CSS 
 FIXED PRICE : Less than 5000 Rs.   Website Programming  Posted: 13th Dec 2020 Ends: 27th Jan 2021  14 Proposals 
 Hi, I need to develop a simple Java SpringBoot based web application that can have the below features:- 1. Admin dashboard: use to create shipment packages and enter package details. Once the package is created, a ... 
 Hi, I need to develop a simple Java SpringBoot based web application that can have the below features:- 1. Admin dashboard: use to create shipment packages and enter package details. Once the package is created, a unique 6 digits package ID should be generated. In this admin dashboard, there should also be an option to add scans for the package by selecting the package ID. 2. Homescreen/welcome page: here we can see the company details, a login for the admin dashboard, an option to track the package by entering the package id. The welcome page should look professional. I have the icon that will be used and would be similar to bluedart.in but fewer details and links. I already have started the application dev and have created a skeleton using maven. I need someone to complete the application. I was someone who has good UI design knowledge too. The budget is fixed at 5k. 
 Skills:  Database ,  J2EE ,  Java ,  JavaScript ,  jQuery 
 Client:  sourabh2812  ,  India 
 IT JOBS 
 FIXED PRICE : 50,000 - 100,000 Rs.   Website Programming  Posted: 10th Dec 2020 Ends: 24th Jan 2021  7 Proposals 
 May be responsible for the purchase and installation of hardware/software Coordinates resources to solve problems. Learning and applying basic knowledge in one skill area Develops solutions to routine technical pro... 
 May be responsible for the purchase and installation of hardware/software Coordinates resources to solve problems. Learning and applying basic knowledge in one skill area Develops solutions to routine technical problems of limited scope. * Work is closely supervised. * Follows specific, detailed instructions May be assigned to small projects or to phase(s) of larger projects. * Contributes to the completion of routine technical tasks Qualifications include: Education High School/College/Vocational Training in Information Technology Specialized knowledge Fluent in Sage X3, or similar ERP platforms Fluent in EDI MS Access, ODBC, queries, report writing Understanding of electronic inventory processing 
 Skills:  Content Management System (CMS) ,  Database ,  HTML ,  MySQL ,  AJAX 
 Client:  fohic 
 Need Full Stack Web Developer & Programmer cum Project Manager 
 FIXED PRICE : Less than 5000 Rs.   Website Project Management  Posted: 14th May 2020 Ends: 31st Mar 2021  26 Proposals 
 I Need Full Stack Web Developer & Programmer for an upcoming project. The project is still in discovery phase so need someone highly knowledgeable to drive the entire process from scratch and build a team of competen... 
 I Need Full Stack Web Developer & Programmer for an upcoming project. The project is still in discovery phase so need someone highly knowledgeable to drive the entire process from scratch and build a team of competent people with right skillset as might be needed. The ideal candidate will be more of an all rounder with knowledge and working experience in web development, programming, latest web technologies and managing web development projects. Further details will be provided to the shortlisted applicants. 
 Skills:  CakePHP ,  CodeIgniter ,  ColdFusion ,  Database ,  JavaScript 
 Client:  ajittomar  ,  India 
 Next 
 NAVIGATE 
 How it Works 
 Fees & Pricing 
Register 
 Blog 
 Help 
 Contact Us 
 FIND FREELANCERS BY EXPERTISE 
 
 
 
 Developers & Programmers 
 
 PHP Developers 
 
 
 
 
  Graphic Designers 
 
 Photoshop Experts 
 
 
 Article Writers 
 
 Creative Writing 
 
 
 Data Entry & Admin 
 
 MS Excel Consultants 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 Internet Marketing 
 
 
 Accountants & Legal 
 
 Finance Consultant 
 
 
 
 FIND FREELANCERS BY LOCATION 
 
 
 
 Freelancers In India 
 
 Freelancers In New Delhi 
 
 
 
 
 Freelancers in Noida 
 
 Freelancers in Hyderabad 
 
 
 Freelancers in Mumbai 
 
 Freelancers in Jaipur 
 
 
  Freelancers in Kolkata 
 
  Freelancers in Bhopal 
 
 
 Freelancers in Bangalore 
 
 Freelancers in Punjab 
 
 
 Freelancers In Ahmedabad 
 
 Freelancers In Chennai 
 
 
 
 LOOKING FOR FREELANCING JOBS? 
 
 
 
 Fresher Jobs 
 Part Time Jobs 
 IT Jobs 
 Work from Home Jobs 
 Online Jobs 
 
 
 
 
 Web Design Jobs 
 Technical Writing Jobs 
 Freelance Writing Jobs 
 Accounting Jobs 
 Legal Jobs 
 
 
 Mobile Development Jobs 
 Data Entry Jobs 
 Game Development Jobs 
 Photography Jobs 
 Medical Writing Jobs 
 
 
 AutoCAD and 3D Jobs 
 HR Jobs 
 SEO & Marketing Jobs 
 Corporate Trainer Jobs 
 Web Development Jobs 
 
 
 
       
 Copyright (C) 2012-2020   WorknHire Technologies Pvt. Ltd. . All Rights Reserved. 
 To Top 
