Mr Oh's Little Black Musings… 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Close Your Eyes 
 Little Black Book 2 is… 
 
   
 <- Rookies go home… Round 3 
 Thank you for the blowjob poem -> 
 September 15, 2011 * 5:19 pm 
 ↓ Jump to Comments 
 Thank you for the blowjob 
 
 I was brushing my teeth yesterday and I got to the stage in the process where I had to brush my tongue. Now I know a lot of gross folk don't clean their tongue and leave it all white and misty (ewww to you) but I was trained from early on that your teeth aren't done unless your tongue is clean. 
 So I was cleaning my tongue and, having such a long tongue, it takes me a good few minutes to really get every part of it done. And as I was reaching for the reach depth of my tongue, I choked and gagged. Bent over the sink like a real little, coughing, spluttering, mouther watering bitch… 
 But then, as I was sweating from the gagging, I thought about women… 
Women and blowjobs. 
 
And the work they must have to do in order to prepare their throats for the onslaught they must ensure from men's penises. 
 And it is for that reason that I am writing this blog… 
 Just a way to say thank you to ALL women in the world who are sucking dick, fighting past the gag reflex, feeling their stomach muscles clench but not coughing and spluttering in order to take the dick a little bit deeper. 
 
 As someone who gets nervous when my toothbrush goes a bit too deep down my throat, I have no idea how you take something the shape and size of a banana and fit it so snug. 
I do say thanks though as the amount of mouth water that follows after a particularly deep throat is usually a good coating for a mouth/handjob (the sloppy one… you know the one…) 
 So thank you ladies… for opening your mouths and letting us fuck your faces. 
 Thanks for letting us hold the sides of your heads and riding ya jawline… 
 Thank you for making that bottom lip extra droopy so the dick slides sloppily on it 
 Tanks for looking in my eyes at that special moment 
 Thanks for letting me hold your hair in a ponytail and control proceedings 
 Thank you a thousand times over for twisting and turning your head to make it feel extra sensitive 
 Thank you for taking deep strokes and sticking your tongue out at the same time. 
 Thank you for the slurping sound 
 Thanks for taking instruction well and doing what your told 
 Thanks for making it wet (but you can always make it wetter) 
 Thank you for keeping your teeth well covered 
 Thank you for watching Lethal Lipps, Roxy Reynolds and Superhead videos and learning some technique 
 Thank YOU for feeling the need to take your bra off and massage the dick in between 
 Thank you for kissing my stomach on the way down. 
 Thanks for making those sounds that let me know that you need a dick in your mouth more than I need my dick in your mouth 
 Thank you forever for managing to get my dick so far into your throat that your lips reach my stomach (with no gag) 
 Thanks for managing to pull off a hot dog (A Hot Dog is when she draws his balls alongside his dick and then suck both the dick and the balls at the same time… try it… he'll like it…) 
 Thanks a million for turning your head to the side and letting me fuck your cheek 
 Thank you for slopping so much that it drips into a puddle on the ground 
 Thank you for arching your back when you do it on all fours 
 Thank the ground you walk on for bending at the waist 
 Thanks for getting your hands all sloppy 
 Thanks for smiling at my dick then looking at it from the left and right 
 Thank you for making it so sloppy that I actually cannot watch 
 Thank you for pouting those big lips 
 Thank you for spitting on my dick ( its nasty but we like it) 
 I can't thank you enough for taking it deep enough that it probes the back of your throat with a nice squelching sound 
 Oh sweet moses, thank you for that thing you do when you give that open mouthed kiss on just the tip 
 Thank you for sucking the dick and fingering yourself at the same time 
 Thank you for wanting to suck my dick before I even asked 
 I'd suck your toes and mumble 'thank you' for enjoying the taste of pre-cum 
 Thank you for NOT allowing any DRY, chaffing moments 
 I can't believe I haven't thanked you enough for sliding the dick between your breasts and sucking the head as it pops out the top 
 
 Thanks ladies… you really do put a beautiful spin on a bad day… 
 By Mr Oh 
 PS. Poem ah coming… 
 Share this: 
 
 Share 
 
 
 
 Email 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Reddit 
 
 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 1 Comment 
 Filed under  Oh stuff... 
 Tagged as  blowjob ,  ladies ,  thank you ,  women 
 <- Rookies go home… Round 3 
 Thank you for the blowjob poem -> 
 One response to "  Thank you for the  blowjob " 
 
 cycy 
 
  September 15, 2011 at 11:14 pm 
 You're stoopid…. Smh 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 April 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 March 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 
 August 2011 
 July 2011 
 May 2011 
 April 2011 
 March 2011 
 February 2011 
 January 2011 
 December 2010 
 
 
 
 Tag ME 
 
 
 2   @blackartnudesuk   anal   art   ass   back   beef   black   blowjob   Book   booty   buss   clit   come   dick   eat   enjoy   eyes   face   fat   feel   fellatio   finger   grind   gushy   hard   head   it   kiss   lick   lips   little   little black book   Little Black Book 2   London   me   men   mind   mouth   Mr   Mr Oh   mrohyes   neck   nipples   Oh   oh-etry   Oh Week   oral   oral sex   orgasm   phone   pictures   pussy   ride   rough   sex   sexy   smile   soft   submissive   suck   swallow   talk   taste   thighs   toes   tongue   touch   upskirt   vagina   wet   woman   women   words   Yes 
 
 
 Mr Oh's Tweets 
 
 London will never be the same....  https://t.co/GON9IMKJSP   1 week ago 
 
 
 
 Calendar 
 
 
 
 
 
 September 2011 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 
 
 
 
 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 11 
 
 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 18 
 
 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 25 
 
 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 
 
 
 
 
 « Aug   Oct » 
 
 
 Subscribe to Mr Oh's LBM 
 
 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email... it wont bite... 
 Join 1,891 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Fuc... I mean sign me up 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Cee Oh is his name 
 Discuss 
 Nia's fabulouslychocolatey 
 Nubian Temptress 
 
 
 
 Freaky 
 
 Cee Oh is his name 
 Cindy Ashley Miller 
 Ebonnie Karr's blog 
 Ladies After Dark 
 My Dirty Glove 
 Pashun Nate's Place 
 Sexy Secret's Blog 
 Sista Love's Cool Place 
 Stoosh69's blog 
 
 
 
 Stories, freestyles and Ohgasms 
 
 About 
 Close Your Eyes 
 Little Black Book 2 is… 
 
 
 
 Mr Oh's Little Black Musings…  * Opening your eyes, minds and thighs… 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
