Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Medical Lab Assistant 
 Joseph Brant Hospital 
 __Burlington, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Posting #:  200994 
 Position Available:  Medical Lab Assistant (2 Positions Available) 
 Status:  Casual/Relief 
 Department:  Laboratory - Specimen Procurement 
 Union:  O.P.S.E.U. 
 Shifts:  Days/Evenings/Nights/Weekends/Extended Tours 
 Internal employees must apply by midnight on December 1, 2020. 
 ABOUT JOSEPH BRANT HOSPITAL: 
Joseph Brant Hospital (JBH) is a full-service community teaching hospital located in the growing and thriving community of Burlington, Ontario, serving more than 185,000 residents in Halton, Hamilton, Waterdown, Flamborough, Milton and Stoney Creek. It is honoured to be recognized as one of Hamilton Niagara's Top Employers for five (5) consecutive years, with a skilled staff of 194 physicians, 1,911 full- and part-time staff and more than 700 volunteers. 
 JBH is a Clinical Education site in conjunction with McMaster University, and designated as an Academic Community Teaching Hospital. Its expanded campus includes the state-of-art Michael Lee-Chin & Family Patient Tower, featuring a new Emergency Department, 172 acute inpatient beds, 9 new Operating Rooms and post-anaesthetic care unit to support expanded medical, surgical and outpatient services. JBH is also a partner member of the Burlington Ontario Health Team. 
JBH inspires and empowers a culture of caring and this is demonstrated in many ways including our commitment to the health, safety and wellbeing of our people. For more information, visit www.josephbranthospital.ca. 
 RESPONSIBILITIES: 
 
 Blood collection including micro puncture 
 Perform ECG's 
 Specimen accessioning, specimen set up 
 Referred out specimen packing, result data entry - Preliminary Unverified 
 Inventory control including assessment, receiving, storage and supply management 
 Equipment Maintenance 
 Keyboarding skills an asset 
 Must be able to work days, evenings and nights 
 Other duties may include computer entry, answering telephone and other tasks within the scope of a Laboratory Assistant III 
 
 QUALIFICATIONS: 
 
 Graduate of Laboratory Assistant course, preferably with certification by the OSMT (with the prerequisite of an Ontario Secondary School Graduation Diploma) 
 Experience in blood collection by venous and micro-puncture or completion of a certified laboratory assistant course with practical training in venipuncture is required 
 Experience in a Laboratory department required, preferably in a hospital setting 
 Experience performing ECG's required 
 High level of organizational and time management skills; and excellent written and verbal observational and communication skills 
 Demonstrated effective documentation skills 
 Strong organizational skills, with demonstrated ability to prioritize in a fast paced environment 
 Demonstrated reliable attendance, punctuality, availability and performance required 
 
 To be considered for this exciting opportunity please visit the JBH Careers page to apply to posting #200994. We ask that you please include the posting number in the subject line of any email correspondence. No phone calls please. We thank all applicants and only those selected for interview will be contacted. 
 Any information obtained during the recruitment process will be used for employment recruitment only, and not for any other purpose. 
 JBH is committed to and supports practices that are inclusive. HR will accommodate any needs under the Ontario Human Right Code (OHRC) and the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA). Recruitment processes will be modified to remove barriers to accommodate those with disabilities, if requested. 
 Should you require accommodation through the application and/or recruitment process, please contact HR for assistance at careers@josephbranthospital.ca or at Ext. 4129 to allow opportunity for appropriate accommodations to be made. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
