  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Barnsley, England 
 Rate:  Up to £12.95 per hour 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Family Support Worker 
 Family Support Worker required in Barnsley - APPLY NOW! This is an excellent opportunity to make a positive difference to the lives of families! 
 We are currently recruiting for a Family Support Worker to join a dynamic and supportive team in Barnsley within the Early Start and Family Service. 
 This is a full time position (37 hours p/w) for an initial 3 month period. 
 This position requires a candidate who has previous experience within a Family Support position, or similar. 
 We are looking for candidates with the following: 
 
 
 Knowledge of the Early Help Assessment and associated paperwork and processes 
 
 
 Relevant substantial post qualifying experience of working with children and families in the community within a family support context. 
 
 
 Knowledge of safeguarding and promoting the welfare of children (0-25 years) and vulnerable adults 
 
 
 Substantial experience of multi-agency working to develop integrated services for children and families 
 
 
 Extensive knowledge of child and family development 
 
 
 Level 4 Qualification in a relevant subject focused on working with children, young people and families e.g. 
 
 
 Level 4 Award in Work with Parents - Intense Support for Families with Multiple & Complex Needs 
 You will also hold a current driving license and have access to your own vehicle. 
 If this sounds like you and you are interested in this position, please do not hesitate to contact Emily @ Service Care on 01772 208964 or email emily.bentley@servicecare.org.uk 
 Benefits of working for Emily @ Service Care Solutions: 
 
 
 A specialist, dedicated Social Work consultant offering single point of contact 
 
 
 Exceptional referral bonuses 
 
 
 An extensive & exclusive range of Social Work vacancies across the UK 
 
 
 Nationwide provider Social Work staff to over 200 local authorities. 
 
 
 Payroll service twice a week 
 
 
 Ltd and PAYE payment options available 
 
 
 Frequent notifications for upcoming opportunities via text and email 
 
 
 Loyalty schemes / bonuses 
 
 
 DBS disclosures provided via fast track online services free of charge. 
 
 
 Note: Do you know someone who is looking for work in this field? If so, please pass these details on to them. 
 If we are able to place them into work such as this, lasting over 13 weeks, we will happily pay you a £250 referral bonus 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  Initial 3 month 
 
 
 Rate:  Up to £12.95 per hour 
 
 
 Location:  Barnsley, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Other 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208964 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2021-01-04 16:19:34 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Staff Nurse 
 Older Persons Project Manager 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 HR Officer 
  Inclusion Officer 
 Planning Officer 
 Support Resettlement Officer 
 Mental health nurse 
 RMN 
 Adult Social Worker 
 Domestic Heating Engineer 
 Support worker 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Healthcare Assistant (HCA) - Preston 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Building Safety Officer 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
