WORK WITH INDIES beta 
 Browse Jobs 
 Art & Animation 
 Audio 
 Business & Operations 
 Design 
 Marketing & Community 
 Production 
 Programming 
 QA & CS 
 Writing 
 Post a Job 
 Back to all jobs See allArt & Animationjobs 
 Pixel Artist Animator 
 2Awesome Apply for this Job 
 Posted 
 December 8, 2020 
 Contract 
 Anywhere 
 Remote 
 We are working on our new title, a 2D cyberpunk action platformer with a focus on combat and mobility. The setting and style is sci-fi with a heavy dose of Blade Runner vibes. 
 As a Pixel Artist Animator you will be part of the art team, working closely with designers, producers, developers and game programmers. You will be working under the supervision and direction of our art director.  ‍  We are looking for quality and experience. This will be to work with our team remotely. Availability in the EU timezone and knowledge of Unity to integrate their creations are bonus points. 
 ‍ 
 As an Animator Pixel Artist, your main tasks and responsibilities are: 
 
 Creation of pixel art character assets; 
 Pixel art animation of character movesets. 
 Work with other Artists in our team to integrate your creations into the game Engine (Unity) is considered a bonus not a requirement ; 
 Experience in other game art related tasks are considered a bonus not a requirement.  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 Requirements  ‍ 
 Are you a Pixel Artist Animator with the following expertise? 
 
 You are a talented pixel artist with a great portfolio of character Pixel Art animation; 
 You have a great artistic eye and an impressive portfolio with a focus on humanoid characters and combat movesets. 
 You are passionate about what you do and you are willing to carry out your vision from concept to final asset. 
 You can work with industry standard tools such as Aseprite and Photoshop. 
 You are very interested in helping us create a cyberpunk version of Barcelona. 
 We are an international team and all the work is done in English language. Spanish language is considered a bonus.  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 Benefits 
 
 A good working environment within a group of motivated colleagues 
 Flexible schedule 
 Horizontal and agile organization 
 Passion for video games 
 36h week (with same salary as 40h week) 
 And many more things that you will discover... join us to find out! 
 
 ‍ 
 How to Apply 
 Please send your application to: jobs at 2awesomestudio dot com, using the following subject line: 2Awesome Studio - Pixel Artist Animator  ‍ 
 ‍ 
 ‍  About 2Awesome Studio  ‍ 
 2Awesome Studio  is an independent game development studio and indie publisher whose mission is to add awesomeness to reality by developing video games with new and addictive mechanics and finding games that are equally awesome to publish. No matter the genre, platform, or IP, we bring great ideas to life. Our teams work, among other titles, our new unannounced title, a 2D cyberpunk action platformer with a focus on combat and mobility, Aeon Drive, the Switch version of Othercide (a AAA game from Focus interactive), and more…. for all major consoles and PC. 
 We're currently working on Aeon Drive, a speedrun action platformer set in Cyberpunk Barcelona. Jackelyne, with her sword, teleportation dagger and unique skill to control time has to retrieve faulty pieces of dimension-bending machinery in order to preserve the space-time of the universe. 
 ‍ 
 Apply for this Job 
 related jobs 
 Lazy River is hiring a 3D Animator/Riggerto join their team into work fromAnywhere3D Animator/RiggerLazy River | AnywhereLearn More 
 uvula is hiring a 3D Environment Artistto join their team into work fromAnywhere3D Environment Artistuvula | AnywhereLearn More 
 inkle is hiring a Hand Drawn Animatorto join their team into work fromAnywhereHand Drawn Animatorinkle | AnywhereLearn More 
 KO_OP is hiring a 2D Background Artistto join their team into work fromCanada2D Background ArtistKO_OP | CanadaLearn More 
 Roboto Games is hiring a UI Artist/Generalistto join their team into work fromAnywhereUI Artist/GeneralistRoboto Games | AnywhereLearn More 
 Hipster Whale is hiring a UI/UX Artistto join their team into work fromAnywhereUI/UX ArtistHipster Whale | AnywhereLearn More 
 Indie games are wonderful. So are the people that make them. 
 Make wonderful games. Be wonderful people. Work With Indies. 
 Thank you for joining the Work With Indies newsletter! The next issue will arrive on Sunday. 
 Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again. 
 *Sign up to receive a weekly digest of new indie career opportunities. 
 WORK WITH INDIES 
 We’ve been lucky to have some incredible jobs working at and partnering with some of the biggest brands in video games. 
 But we’ve never had more fun and been more fulfilled than when we were working with indie game developers. 
 Everyone in games should have that much fun. 
 Our hope is that Work With Indies will connect job seekers with the most rewarding, most inspirational, and most fun jobs they've ever had. 
 NAVIGATION 
 
 Post a Job 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 RSS 
 Communities 
 Nick's Cat 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 
 nathan@workwithindies.com 
 twitter.com/workwithindies 
 facebook.com/workwithindies 
 
 ^ 
 Made by 
 @natethenate 
 and 
 @nsuttner 
 for people who 
 indie games. 
 © 2021  A Lot of Happy LLC 
