Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Key Account Manager - North West Saskatchewan 
 Farmers Edge 
 __Saskatchewan 
 Apply Now 
 Farmers Edge is a global leader in digital agriculture delivering cutting-edge solutions powered by a unique combination of field-centric data, artificial intelligence and complete integration. Since 2005, Farmers Edge has dominated the industry with disruptive technologies and strategic partnerships designed to enhance connectivity across the entire agricultural ecosystem. With the most comprehensive platform on the market-FarmCommand-Farmers Edge is revolutionizing the wayfarmers, agricultural professionals and agri-businesses interact with data. Moving at the speed of digital with an elite team focused on innovation, machine learning and IoT, Farmers Edge is creating new opportunities for all stakeholders shaping the future of agriculture worldwide. 
 To learn more about Farmers Edge, visit FarmersEdge.ca. 
 Key Account Manager - North West Saskatchewan 
 Territory covers North West Saskatchewan. Specific location will be negotiable. 
 Reporting to the Regional Sales Manager, as the Key Account Manager you will act as a business partner to our commercial customers in your territory by maintaining long term relationships to maximize sales opportunities. You will also be identifying new opportunities in selling directly to growers. 
 Duties include the following: 
Manage a portfolio of partner accounts to achieve long-term success; 
Develop mutual performance objectives, sales targets and critical milestones with your channel partner; 
Coordinate with Farmers Edge Operations and Client Success teams, communicating their involvement required with the channel partner to meet the partners' expectations; 
Manage the relationship with existing channel partners by providing training and guidance to ensure partners are successful in acre acquisition; 
Establish and maintain effective working team relationships with all support departments at partner locations; 
Ensure continual assessment and clarification of partner needs on an ongoing basis; 
Communicate concerns regarding channel partner agreement compliance your Regional Sales Manager; 
Develop a territory sales and marketing plan for partner specific strategies, tactics and execution; 
Identify new opportunities for direct to grower sales execution; 
Set and track sales targets, aligned with Farmers Edge objectives; 
Monitor sales metrics (e.g. quarterly sales results and monthly forecasts); 
Monitor customer, market, and competitor activity weekly to build and adapt appropriate sales strategy relevant to the geography; 
Demonstrate and lead presentations of Farmers Edge product and services; 
Other duties as assigned. 
 Qualifications: 
Bachelor's degree in business, agribusiness, or related field; 
5+ years of sales experience, preferably in the agriculture industry managing business to business accounts; 
Excellent interpersonal skills with the ability to build strong relationships with business partners; 
Developed negotiation skills with a proven sales record; 
Motivated, driven and passionate about sales; 
Able to work independently with a commitment to your Regional Sales team objectives; 
Travel required within region. 
 What can Farmers Edge offer you? 
 Competitive Compensation with an attractive bonus program; 
Cost share health benefits, 80% employer paid; 
Employer matched retirement package; 
Company truck, cell phone, and laptop; 
Work perks program providing discounts in travel, retail, food, and more! 
Opportunities for advancement; 
Employee referral program. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
