Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 PSC Reception Clerk- Casual - Temporary 
 LifeLabs 
 __Bancroft, ON 
 Apply Now 
 About Us 
At LifeLabs, we are focused on our vision of building a healthier Canada! We are the largest community diagnostics laboratory in Canada with over 350 collection centres, 16 laboratories and service over 20 million patients each year. 
Caring, Agile, Customer Driven, One Team - We live our values every day in what we do to help our patients and healthcare providers. With over 5,700 employees, we all make a difference and that’s why our people are so important to us. 
This is an exciting time to join our LifeLabs team, grow your career with us and support numerous business initiatives, innovations, best practice and business development opportunities. 
 At LifeLabs, we are focused on our vision of building a healthier Canada! We are the largest community diagnostics laboratory in Canada with over 350 collection centres, 16 laboratories and service over 20 million patients each year. 
 Caring, Agile, Customer Driven, One Team - We live our values every day in what we do to help our patients and healthcare providers. With over 5,700 employees, we all make a difference and that’s why our people are so important to us. 
 This is an exciting time to grow your career with us and support numerous business initiatives, innovations, best practice and business development opportunities. 
 Purpose 
PSC Reception Clerk Reporting to the Supervisor, Client Services is responsible for supporting customer self-serve enablement and screen customers, clerical work and organization of various office duties. This position will be the first point of contact for customers and will be welcoming and ensure a positive experience, whether the interaction occurs in person or over the telephone. Behave as brand ambassadors – represent the best version of LifeLabs authentically. The term of this position may vary between 3 to 6 months depending on the requirment. 
 Duties 
Welcome customers with undivided attention and make them feel safe. 
Screen customers and manage long line ups outside the centre to ensure social distancing and other COVID prevention etiquette is being met. 
Be required to be on your feet for extended periods of time 
Promote SMS and demonstrate functionality to customers. 
Support confidentiality in all areas of our related work. 
Represent LifeLabs in a professional and positive manner. 
Ensures a safe, comfortable, efficient and personalized experience while visiting our LifeLabs locations. 
Receive patient drop offs. 
Filing and faxing as required. 
Other duties as required. 
 Job Requirements: 
 Minimum Education:  High School Diploma or equivalent. 
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills 
Available to work Monday to Saturday; shifts may vary from morning, afternoon and evening based on requirements 
Excellent computer skills – Word, Outlook 
Ability to work independently and as part of a team 
Ability to relate positively to customers 
Ability to wear PPE for extended periods of time 
Embraces problems with a can-do attitude and calm and measured approach striving to solve and continuously improve. 
Thrives in dynamic and changing environments 
Puts safety first, including demonstrating appropriate infection control 
Appreciates that safety, privacy and security are mandatory for customers and non-negotiable, ensures the customers feel confident we take this seriously. 
Demonstrates safety first and high quality by complying with all procedures 
Excels in attention to detail and meeting customer expectations 
Enjoys caring for people, ensuring they feel valued and has the best experience possible 
Calm and measured approach to problems as they arrive with a problem solving mindset ensures the issues are acknowledged, addressed and followed up with. 
Thrives in dynamic work environments; embraces change when it delivers improvements and effortless experience for both the customer and employee; understands customers’ expectations evolve and we must adapt to deliver 
Well versed with LifeLabs communication channels and stays current with any news and updates. 
LifeLabs is committed to building an inclusive environment and will provide accommodations in accordance with the AODA – Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act. Please indicate in your application any accommodations you will require throughout the recruitment process. Alternatively please contact our corporate offices main line to be directed to a member of the Talent Acquisition team at (416) 675-4530. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
