
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Kingdom Supercultures (S20) 
 New foods with microbes 
 Business Development Intern 
 
 Location 
 Brooklyn, NY / Remote 
 Job Type 
 Internship 
 Experience 
 About Kingdom Supercultures 
 Kingdom Supercultures makes it easy for food manufacturers to create exciting new products. We design new microbial cultures ("Supercultures") that power the production of entirely new kinds of foods that don't exist today. 
 Many of the most popular foods we eat are made by microbial cultures - chocolate, cheese, kombucha, beer, yogurt, and more. Our team is building an expansive scientific platform that will transform the process of new food invention from the hundreds of years it took our ancestors for each new food into a repeatable engineering endeavor that we can accomplish in the span of months. Our ultimate goal is to harness the power of biology to make our food system more natural, healthy, and sustainable. 
 About the role 
 We’re currently looking for a part-time Business Development intern to fill the first business role on our team of PhD scientists. You will play a leading role in building out Kingdom’s partnership pipeline and helping to set strategic growth priorities for the business. Your day-to-day activities will span growth, strategy, business development, and sales. 
 The intention of this experience is to provide an invaluable look at the early stages of a quickly-growing startup doing innovative work, and to build a relationship for potential longer-term work together. As such, the Business Development internship is meant to be unpaid, though for those with financial hardship we are open to discussing accommodating measures. We are based in NYC in the Brooklyn Navy Yard, and are open to both in-person and remote candidates. 
 Technology 
 Our team brings together world-class expertise in the microbiome and genomics fields, who have published nearly a dozen first-author papers in top journals like Science, Nature Biotech, and Nature Methods. Our technology platform allows us to access broad swaths of unexplored food-borne microbial diversity, to screen these strains for novel functionalities, and to assemble them into novel, stable microbial communities using proprietary experimental and computational approaches 
 Our work is defining an entirely new engineering discipline, in which we are building the capacity to design new microbial communities from scratch within a nearly infinite design space. This combines robotic and software automation, high throughput screening, microbiology, data science and statistics, machine learning, and genomics and in a highly collaborative and interdisciplinary environment. 
 Other jobs at Kingdom Supercultures 
 Engineer/Scientist 
 fulltime 
 Brooklyn, NY 
 Machine Learning 
 Any (new grads ok) 
 Business Development Intern 
 intern 
 Brooklyn, NY / Remote 
 Any 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
