Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Storefront Team Member- Hanwell Road 
 Tim Hortons Fredericton & Minto Group 
 __Fredericton, NB 
 Apply Now 
 Job Title:  Storefront Team Member 
 When you become a Team Member at Tim Hortons you truly join a team. Perhaps it will be your first job, maybe you are working while you study, or you are building a career within Tim Hortons. No matter what your career goal, we will be here to support and encourage you along the way. Your path is just beginning! 
 Restaurant Location:  1160 Hanwell Road, Fredericton NB, E3C 1A4 
 Availability:  Must be Available for Day Shifts 6 AM- 4 PM, must be available Monday-Sunday, 32-40 hrs/week 
 Job Status:  Full Time, Permanent Not suitable for Students 
 Number of Vacancies:  1 
 Position Description: 
As a team member, your top priority is guest satisfaction. Whether you are the very first person our guests encounter or producing quality finished bakery items that our guests come to enjoy and love you will have the opportunity to deliver and create exceptional guest experiences. Your energy and passion for guest service are what make you a top team member in this fast-paced environment while your ability to multi-task and communicate with your fellow team members will contribute to your success. 
 Our Team Members are the smiling faces serving our guests at our drive thru's, front counters, and sandwich stations. As part of this position you will be trained in each of these areas. You will be deeply immersed in training to learn about our operations standards, food safety, health and safety, cleaning and sanitizing, and guest service. Part of this position will include maintaining our restaurant's cleanliness. As part of the position you will be required to sweep, mop, clean restrooms, change garbage's, clean the parking lot, clean the dining area, and clean behind the counter. 
 Apply to this opportunity if you: 
Demonstrate a passion for guest service and creating exceptional guest experiences 
Enjoy working with a successful team in a safe environment 
Have a strong work ethic and are committed to your team 
Have the ability to work under minimal supervison, with a small team 
 As part of our team we offer you: 
Comprehensive training 
Affordable Health & Dental Benefits Starting at 6 Months Over 20 hrs/week 
Tim Points Program 
Incentive and recognition programs 
Team Tim Hortons Scholarship Program 
Advancement opportunities 
Community involvement 
Team Member Meal Discounts 
Well Being Benefit Program 
Free Uniforms 
Annual Company Organized Events 
Shift Premiums 
If you are interested in this opportunity, please Apply Now! 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
