Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Scientist - Biological Sciences - Sunnybrook Research Institute (SB050820) 
 Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 The Sunnybrook Research Institute (SRI), the research arm of Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre – a research hospital fully affiliated with the University of Toronto – is currently seeking candidate for a scientist position in the Biological Sciences Platform. 
 As the research enterprise of a premier academic health sciences centre and one of Canada’s largest hospitals, SRI’s groundbreaking research changes the way patients are treated around the world. SRI is one of the fastest growing hospital-based research enterprises in Canada with well-established programs in basic and applied research, developing innovations in care for more than 1 million patients annually. 
 SRI is located in Toronto, one of the most populous cities in Canada. It is located on the northwestern side of the Lake Ontario. Toronto is an international centre of business, finance and cultures, and is known to be one of the most multicultural cities in the world. 
 Position:  The successful candidate will hold a PhD and/or MD, have demonstrable scientific leadership in their field and a proven track record in publishing high quality, peer reviewed research. The successful candidate will lead an academic program of research excellence in high content cellular analysis dedicated to the identification and characterization of basic cellular mechanisms and of new targets governing diseases. Expertise in high content screening and/or automated analysis of microscopy data are assets. 
 Academic appointments in the Faculty of Medicine, University of Toronto and the Sunnybrook Research Institute, will be commensurate with experience. The term of the appointment will be three years and is renewable in accordance with Hospital and University policies. 
 Career Interruptions:  Sunnybrook Research Institute recognizes that scientists have varying career paths and understands the impact that career interruptions can have on a candidate’s record of research achievement. Candidates are encouraged to explain interruptions in order to allow for a fair assessment of their application. Search committee members have been instructed to give careful consideration to, and be sensitive to the impact of, career interruptions in their assessments. 
 Environment:  Conducting $125 million in research each year, SRI is home to 1000 scientists, clinician scientists; research associates and more than 400 trainees, operating in ~500,000 sq.ft. of state of the art infrastructure [http://sunnybrook.ca/research/]. 
 How To Apply: Applications should include: 
 
 
 A letter of interest. The letter should describe the applicant’s research accomplishments 
 
 
 A complete curriculum vitae including professional services, outreach, mentoring / training of highly qualified personnel and other contributions appropriate to the specific position; and 
 
 
 All materials should be addressed to Dr. David Andrews, Chair of the Search Committee. 
 Please submit your application via email to Carmen Ho (carmen.ho@sunnybrook.ca) with subject line “Scientist – Biological Sciences) 
 This post will stay active until the position is filled. We would like to thank all applicants, but only those selected for an interview will be contacted 
 Diversity Statement:  Sunnybrook Research Institute is strongly committed to inclusion and diversity within its community and welcomes all applicants including but not limited to: women, visible minorities or persons of colours, indigenous peoples, people from all genders, religions and ethnicities, persons with disabilities, LGBTQ+ persons, and all others who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas. 
 Accommodation Policy:  Sunnybrook Research Institute is committed to providing accessible employment practices that are in compliance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA). If you require accommodation for disability during any stage of the recruitment process, please indicate this in your cover letter. 
 Job Information: 
 Company operating name:  Sunnybrook Research Institute 
 Business address:  2075 Bayview Ave. Toronto, Ontario, M4N 3M5 
 Title :  Scientist 
 Number of positions:  1 (One) 
 Education Requirements:  Doctoral/PhD 
 Language Requirements:  Verbal: English 
 Written:  English 
 Duration of Employment:  Permanent, Full-time 
 Benefits:  4 weeks vacation per year with full time benefits (i.e. extended health and dental plan, Healthcare of Ontario Pension Plan and etc.) 
 Wage:  100,000 to 120,000 (CDN) 
 Sunnybrook Research Institute is committed to providing accessible employment practices that are in compliance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA). If you require accommodation for disability during any stage of the recruitment process, please indicate this in your cover letter. 
 Sunnybrook Research Institute is strongly committed to inclusion and diversity within its community and welcomes all applicants including but not limited to: visible minorities, all religions and ethnicities, persons with disabilities, LGBTQ persons, and all others who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
