[ 
 Workew 
 Workew is the #1 board to find remote jobs, careers and other remote work opportunities to become digital nomad, work from anywhere and travel the world. 
 ](https://workew.com/ "Workew") Close Search for: Search 
 
 Remote Jobs 
 
 Marketing 
 Developer 
 Operations 
 Designer & UX 
 Customer Service 
 Project Mgmt 
 Sales & Biz Dev 
 Writing & Editing 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Other WFH Jobs 
 
 
 Remote Work Course 
 My account 
 
 Shopping Cart 
 
 
 More
 
 Facebook Group 
 Telegram Alerts 
 Pricing & Plans 
 Remote Health 
 Contact Us 
 Blog Posts 
 
 
 Post a Job 
 Post a Resume 
  __Facebook 
 
 Menu 
 Director of Carrier Partnerships 
 
 
 Sales 
 Anywhere 🌎 
 Posted October 23 
 Applications have closed 
 Automattic 
 
 Overview 
 Automattic, the company behind WordPress.com, Jetpack, and WooCommerce, is looking for an exceptional Director of Shipping Product and Engineering to join WooCommerce’s Shipping group. 
 WooCommerce is an open-source, completely customizable ecommerce platform for businesses worldwide. We are passionate about democratizing commerce and allowing businesses of all sizes, who sell anywhere, to ship anywhere. We go beyond the confines of traditional ecommerce solutions. We’re building a platform that not only gives shoppers a great experience, but also helps businesses grow, and which is only limited by a merchant’s own imagination. 
 As Director of Carrier Partnerships, you will be responsible for our carrier relationships; primarily for our flagship service WooCommerce Shipping. You’ll negotiate agreements, monitor performance, and work with engineering, product, and marketing to develop and lead our joint offering; and ensure the long-term success of carrier partnerships at WooCommerce. 
 This could be your opportunity to continue building and accelerating the growth of our shipping capabilities through strategic partnerships. To build the next evolution of ecommerce shipping solutions. With the sheer potential and reach of WooCommerce, you are directly impacting how merchants get their products to consumers. 
 What you’ll do: 
 
 Use your domain expertise, skills and experience in shipping and fulfilment to contribute to our vision, and deliver and achieve our goals. 
 Lead all aspects of strategic carrier partnerships with the goal of growing the adoption of WooCommerce Shipping and generating revenue. 
 Expand our carrier portfolio by identifying and negotiating agreements with new carrier partners. 
 Continuously advocate WooCommerce with partner carriers to generate new mutually beneficial opportunities: marketing campaigns, products/offering enhancements, revenue sharing programs. 
 Coordinate relationships and projects between carriers and WooCommerce. That can include the development of integration (and their certification), carrier launches, joint promotional campaigns, customer service processes. 
 Be our carrier subject matter authority for our product and engineering teams to proactively help design, plan, develop, and implement new carrier product offerings. 
 Design processes to ensure timely and accurate reporting of key results and track the progress of our carrier partnerships. Monitor the reconciliation of billing and financial agreements with carriers. 
 
 This position might be a good fit if you: 
 
 Have demonstrated experience in negotiating, building and maintaining business or product partnerships with shipping carriers or the logistics industry. 
 Deep knowledge of the logistics ecosystem and sound knowledge of ecommerce. 
 Strong analytical skills, including the ability to model business opportunities and assess trade-offs. 
 Experience working cross-functionally with legal, engineering, and marketing teams. 
 Highly self-motivated and able to work with significant autonomy. 
 A passion for open source technology and an understanding of API integrations, CMS, SaaS, and hosting environments preferred. 
 
 Diversity & Inclusion at Automattic 
 We’re improving diversity in the tech industry. At Automattic, we want people to love their work and show respect and empathy to all. We welcome differences and strive to increase participation from traditionally underrepresented groups. Our D&I committee involves Automatticians across the company and drives grassroots change. For example, this group has helped facilitate private online spaces for affiliated Automatticians to gather and helps run a monthly D&I People Lab series for further learning. Diversity and Inclusion is a priority at Automattic, though our dedication influences far more than just Automatticians: We make our products freely available and translate our products into and offer customer support in numerous languages. We require unconscious bias training for our hiring teams and ensure our products are accessible across different bandwidths and devices. Learn more about our dedication to diversity and inclusion and our Employee Resource Groups. 
 
 Bookmark Job 
 
 Job Page Views:  197 
 Sales 
 
  Website  
  Twitter  
  Facebook  
  LinkedIn  
 
 Full Time 
 More Jobs 
 Position closed? 
 Let us know . 
 Share this job: 
 
  Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Join the Remote Slack Community: 
 
 Signup today for free!  🚀 
 Related Jobs 
 
 
 
 Customer Advocacy Manager 
 Clari  We make revenue predictable 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 * Support
* November 13
 
 
 
 
 People Partner 
 Coursera  We provide universal access to the world’s best education 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 * Operations
* December 22
 
 
 
 
 Marketing Design Manager 
 Shopify  Platform for online stores and retail systems 
 Anywhere in US/Canada 🇺🇸🇨🇦 
 * Marketing
* January 8
 
 Find Your Dream Job 
 Recruiters looking for remote talent can find your resume based on keywords, job titles, skills and more. 
 Post a resume today 
 WORKEW © 2020 
 Facebook   Twitter   LinkedIn   Instagram   YouTube 
 Back to Top 
 Nomad Insurance by SafetyWing : The best travel medical insurance for freelancers & remote workers Get Insured 
