 Hot Topic Careers  
 Search job openings 
 Help Desk Associate 
 Hot Topic HQ - City of Industry, California - Full-time 
 Description 
 At Hot Topic, we’re passionate about creativity and high performance. Our success comes from high-caliber teams that love our product and have a tenacious approach to learning.  Supporting HQ and DC, out IT Help Desk team keeps the signals flowing by responding to telephone calls, email and personnel requests.  Researching and resolving technical problems as well as tracks and monitors issues to ensure a timely resolution. This role reports into the Manager of Help Desk. 
 WHAT YOU'LL DO 
 
 Ensure timely and effective resolution to all Helpdesk calls by providing technical and procedural support. 
 Monitor ticket queues and assigns them timely and accurately. 
 Identify escalation situations and escalates them timely and accurately. 
 Identify trends that affect call volumes and makes the Helpdesk staff and manger aware of them. 
 Serve as an initial point of contact on team support and technical issues. 
 Coordinate issue resolution with other support areas, as required. 
 Maintain accurate applications and business processes documentation. 
 Provide feedback and suggestions to improve Help Desk business process. 
 
 WHAT YOU'LL NEED 
 
 Minimum of 3 years of practical experience in help desk support, or a combination of education with equivalent work experience. 
 Experience with incident tracking software (BMC Track-It preferred). 
 Comprehensive knowledge of service desk business process and hardware\software conflict resolution 
 Comprehensive technical knowledge of PC & Mac hardware, network concepts and solutions, along with comprehensive knowledge in the following systems and applications: Microsoft Windows & Apple OS X operating systems, MS Office, Adobe Creative Suite, Parallels, mobile device management. 
 Demonstrates a dedication to meeting requirements of internal and external customers, responding to all customer requests promptly and thoroughly; desires to deliver first-class services. 
 Demonstrates strong communication skills including ability to work in a team environment, gives honest, direct feedback and is a solid verbal and written communicator. 
 Ability to work independently without constant supervision. 
 Meets deadlines, prioritizes appropriately, copes well with change, and maintains composure under pressure. 
 Is accountable for results, approaches obstacles proactively, and looks for ways to resolve problems and issues. 
 Knowledge of POS (Oracle Xstore preferred) 
 Require to be on-site at our HQ in the City of Industry, CA 
 
 Share Job 
 Apply 
 
 Attach Resume/CV 
 Apply with LinkedIn 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 I agree to receive text messages from Hot Topic, Inc. to the telephone number provided above for purposes related to my job application and job recruitment at Hot Topic. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Submit 
 
 Check us out 
 
 
 Stores 
 
 
 Since our first store opening in 1989, we've been leading the way in bringing music and pop culture to the masses. We're now at 690 stores and counting across the U.S. and Canada. Working at our stores means you're taking a huge part in delivering the fandom. 
 
 
 All the (not so) small things 
 
 
 Benefits are a big deal, and we've got you covered. Medical, Dental, Vision, Retirement and so much more. Add in employee discounts, PTO, and tuition reimbursement and you're walking away flashing some bling. 
 
 
 Explore the Mothership 
 
 
 Our HQ is based in the City of Industry, CA in a newly designed, converted warehouse space. We have an open, collaborative work environment (no iron gates. Well...maybe :) with some sweet perks: on-site cafe, fitness center, chiropractor, masseuse, & fitness instructors. 
  Watch Video  
 
 
 We have superpowers. Being invisible isn't one of them. 
 
 
 Come see what's under our cape - check us out on Glassdoor. 
   
 
 Equal Opportunity Employer 
 Hot Topic, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. The company makes employment decisions based on the most qualified candidate regardless of race, color, sex, age, national origin, disability, religion, ancestry, religious creed, mental and physical disability, pregnancy and related medical conditions, genetic information, citizenship status, or any other characteristic protected by State, Federal or local law. Hot Topic, Inc. is committed to a program designed to prevent discrimination or unequal treatment. 
 
 Our company participates in  E-Verify . E-Verify is a program that electronically confirms a candidate’s  eligibility to work  in the United States after completing the Employment Eligibility Verification (Form I-9). The information provided on the Form I-9 is compared to the records contained in the Social Security Administration and Department of Homeland Security (DHS) databases. This helps employers verify the identity and employment eligibility of newly hired employees. 
 For California applicants, please click  here  for our California Consumer Privacy Act notice to learn about how we use applicant information. 
 
 Follow Us 
  LinkedIn     Instagram     Glassdoor  
 
 Hot Topic Careers 
 © 2020 Hot Topic, Inc. All Rights Reserved 
 
 All HQ & DC 
 Distribution and Operations 
 Finance & Accounting 
 Information Technology 
 Merchandise Planning & Allocation 
 Real Estate & Construction 
 Stores 
 
