Skip to content 
     
 Staying the Course 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 About Me 
 
 Tag: job searching 
 First day of work during pandemic 
 Published on  July 11, 2020July 18, 2020  by  mterrazas32 5 Comments 
 Last week I started working at my new job, Full-time Job!!:) I never thought I was going to find a job with all this craziness we have going on with COVID-19. I thought with COVID-19, companies were going to hold off hiring since some of them moved to working from home and have postpone their hiring. My first day was two Mondays ago and like any other job my first day was just completing paper work, making sure I understood company polices and all that other stuff. That was basically my whole first day and at the same time the state and city are seeing a spike in COVID-19 cases. Which made this a strange first day at work, since I needed to wear a mask awhile I was in the building and completing all these necessary first day on the job task. Usually your first day of work is meeting face-to-face, but this time to keep the social distancing everything was done on Zoom as I was in one room and the HR personal was in another. 
 After my first day, I met the people I would be working with and the person who would be training me. My duties and the job I would be doing is pretty straight forward. The only thing are the small little details and rules you must remember and follow. Since my job is dealing with confidential documents and information I need to make sure I follow procedures and that these documents are filled out correctly. I pretty sure I will be doing a lot of on the job training before I start doing things on my own which is cool with me. 
 If there any right now that am concerned about this job is getting this COVID19. Since this is a office setting environment and everyone is required to wear a mask, am hoping that enough for not catching this COVID-19. As of now they have the majority of the people working from home, but when they return, that mean a lot more people in this office space. Which is scary cause, most office building are not well ventilated. 
 Categories  covid-19 ,  Job Search ,  personal stories •Tags  blogging ,  career ,  covid19 ,  job searching ,  pandemic ,  writing 
 Life during COVID-19 
 Published on  June 25, 2020July 18, 2020  by  mterrazas32 Leave a comment 
 I hope everyone is doing well during these tough time as we are still fighting this virus, COVID-19. It been hard to post here on wordpress cause the one computer in the house is being use by a family member who working from home. Just two or three weeks ago I brought a new one so I could do things I need to do online without having to wait until the evening. I was able to find a labtop for about $500.00 at walmart. Wasn't the one I would have brought, but with money being tight it was the best deal I could find. Also other retailers hadn't restock since many of their computer inventory was sold out when schools switch to online learning. 
 I can't believe it been about three/four months that we been dealing with this virus. Here in the United States of course. As of now here in Texas and in other states are seeing a spike in COVID-19 cases, which to me isn't a surprise. I was expecting it and just being extra cautious when going out. Just leaving the house when I need to and wearing a mask. Even though the gyms are opening, I haven't gone. Haven't done my daily walks in the downtown area just cause I have to take the bus and it not a "must" for me. 
 Since businesses have been opening up, I've returned to looking for a job. When this COVID-19 started, many of the applications I've submitted were postponed. As of today, I haven't heard anything from those employers if they are going to contact candidates for those position or re-post the position on their company website. During this pandemic, I did have two job interviews which were dead ends. Just three week ago I did apply for an administrative assistant position. Was contacted by the hiring manager and did a phone interview. Was contacted this past Friday and was offered the position. YES!!!! FINALLY, I found, I got a full-time job. Am looking forward to starting this job which my first day is this coming Monday. I just hope this COVID-19 doesn't force another shut down. Am excited for this job opportunity. It my first full-time job that isn't temporary/seasonal. I know it going to be a strange first day with having this spike in COVID-19 cases and having to wear a face mask. 
 Categories  covid-19 ,  Job Search •Tags  blogging ,  covid19 ,  job searching ,  pandemic ,  writing 
 A much need break 
 Published on  September 30, 2018  by  mterrazas32 1 Comment 
 This week I was hired at fast-food restaurants as a part-time employee. It is not the job I would have want because it pay low, $8/hr. Am thankful that the manager hired me and willing to take the time to train me. Am really not sure why he hired, but during my job hunt this past month I decide to do something different on my job applications. I started to not, not put down that I have a Bachelor degree unless it a requirement for the job position. Weather he would have hire me if he had known I have a bachelor degree, I don't know. Just seems odds when I made that change, I get called for a interview and hire. 
 So far I've only work two days for four or five hours. It be interesting and a lot of information to take it. Actually it just feels weird even though it a straight forward job. I have met some of the other workers and they all seem okay except for one that I met on my second day. When she walk in I just got this bad vibe from her. She didn't take 10 second just to introduce her self or just a say "hi". She seems very bossing and "bitchy". When I was finishing with the last customer I could hear her complaining to the manager how am doing things wrong. All I did was just say "sorry" toward her so she know I could hear her. I sure the manage pick up on my tone of voice, but I really want to tell her, "instead of complaining what am doing wrong, maybe help me out and just show me." 
 Well will see how things go. Hoping I"ll stay there for awhile and just see what direction I should take in finding a better paying job. Am still in the process in volunteering somewhere to gain some much need experience. 
 Categories  Job Search •Tags  job ,  job searching 
 Might be another jobless year 
 Published on  October 23, 2017  by  mterrazas32 1 Comment 
 With about two months left in 2017, it beginning to feel that my goal for finding a full-time position will come up empty, again for the 8th or 9th year. Awhile it may not be the end of the world, am running out of options of what more I can do. I've altered my resume so many time, change the format, re-worded it, deleted and added things. Nothing I do seem to make a difference. 
 Even interviewing, what more do they want. If you want to know me and the kind of person who I am, hire me. Some of these questions I just don't know how to answer, like tell me about your self? ME!, am thinking what do you want to know. Honestly I think interviewing is not my thing no matter how much I prepare. Most of my answers will be short or I don't have an answer. For example when they ask you a scenarios question like, tell me a time you experience a rude customer and you handle it. To me, I just help the customer the best I could and not them ruin my day. Am a patient person and it take a lot to set me off. 
 The pass two weeks I been thinking of other jobs I could apply to, but there are some factors that might keep me from applying. I recent thought about applying for a flight attendant, but there are no airlines that are base here where I live. I would probably I have to move to another city and/or state and I have zero money for that. It would be great to travel since I haven't left the state I live in. The other job I thought about is teaching english aboard, but then you need to be certified. The other issues is will I make enough to pay my student loans plus the cost of living in another country. 
 Categories  Job Search •Tags  job hunting ,  job searching 
 1st job interview for 2015 
 Published on  March 27, 2015April 3, 2015  by  mterrazas32 3 Comments 
 Yesterday I got my first phone call for a job interview at a local University. I really can't remember the last time I got a phone call to come in for a interview. It must be like a year or two ago since I've been invited to a interview. Today, I had that interview for a Student Record Analyst position, so if hire, I would be working in the Register Office inputting grades and all that good stuff that goes on your school transcript. I felt okay with the interview even through a lot of question were situation questions like if you get done with all your work, what would you do? Describe a time when you have difficulties with a co-work and how did you handle it? 
 The requirements for this job position were 
 
 1. Require at least 30-60 college hours 
 2. Minimum of one year relevant experience in an office setting. Prefer a candidate with an understanding of a university or college student services environment. 
 3. Experience in acknowledging policies and standard practices that deal with sensitive and/or confidential information. 
 4. Experience in Colleague (especially WebAdvisor and/or Gradebook) or other student service software strongly preferred. 
 Proficient use of Microsoft Office software to include Word, Excel, and Outlook. 
 
 The one thing out of those 4 requirements that I lack is #4. Other then that am okay with everything else. Piece of cake! right, I should be able to get this job, but I get this gut feeling that they will hire someone else. My reason for that is when I look around the office, I notice it was all female staff. Not one single male working there. So they might prefer to hire a female, which happened to be the next person they were interviewing. When I left there was a young beautiful female walking towards the office dress in a professional blue dress. Kind of wiered because I to was wearing a blue dress shirt with black slack. The other bad feeling I get, is they might be looking for someone with data entry experience. Someone that has shown they can entry data correctly, since this person will be entering students grades, transfer credits and other information. Here the job description for the position: 
 
 JOB SUMMARY: Working under the supervision of the Assistant Registrar the Student Records Analyst (SRA) is responsible for day to day functions to assist in the coordination of activities of the Registrar's Office. In consultation with the Registrar and other staff members within a client orient environment the SRA contributes to the operations within the department including but not limited to processing grades, analyzing and entering external transcripts for transfer credit equivalency. Assists in front desk coverage to ensure customer service satisfaction. Using effective communication, problem-solving and analytical skills the SRA provides accurate information and data. The ability to interpret policies and standard practices that deal with information that is confidential is crucial. 
 Coordinates all Grading Activities 
 Ensures accuracy of online grade submission and enters grades submitted manually by faculty. 
Prepares and distributes early grade rosters for graduating students to ensure completion of degree requirements. 
Prepares grade verification letters and mid-term advisee grade reports to all advisors for traditional undergraduate students. 
Processes grade changes and ensures security and accuracy of data. Notifies student, advisor, and instructor of changes. 
Problem solves issues related to grades. 
 Evaluation of Transfer Credit Equivalency 
 Evaluates and enters transfer hours for last names (A-L). 
Evaluate and enters transfer hours for last names (A-L) related to new students undergoing Admission process. 
 Other duties as assigned. 
 
 Crossing fingers and toes, and hope for the best:) 
 Categories  Job Search •Tags  employment ,  job ,  job interview ,  job searching ,  looking for employment ,  unemployment 
 Blogs I Follow 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 Categories Select Category Art  (70)    Art Journal / Journaling  (28)    Celebrities  (11)    inktober  (5)    prismacolor pencil  (2)    urban sketchers  (3) Blogging101  (8) Books  (33)    crime  (1)    fiction  (4)    Historical  (3)    Horror Fiction  (2)    mystery  (5)    science fiction  (1) covid-19  (10) Daily Prompt  (75) Health  (6) Job Search  (28) Poetry  (11) politics  (6) Uncategorized  (42) weekly discover challenge  (7) writing  (78)    discover prompt  (29)    personal stories  (17)    reflection  (23) Writing 101  (48) 
 
 Daily Prompt: Express Youself! 
 Discover Prompt Day 30: Grateful 
 Discover Prompt Day 9: Pairs 
 Discover Prompt Day 14: Book 
 Writing 101, Poetry: Freedom 
 Writing 101, Poetry : Seconds 
 Happy Thanksgiving!!!:) 
 Writing 101: A space to write 
 Being a Witness 
 3rd sketchbook 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 coffeechatsss.wordpress.com/ 
 mydustyflipflops.wordpress.com/ 
 livinginjeneral.wordpress.com/ 
 The Pretty Smart Techie 
 A Little Bit of Everything 
 Blissful Miri 
 Your classy and sassy Travel Blogger 
 Happy Panda 
 This girl next door will help you escape the ordinary with her extraordinary tales 
 Tales from Tobhamhor 
 A place for me to write down what I'm thinking and share with the world. 
 DeMoose Art 
 MORE THAN JUST A PEN 
 Mell Telka  
 South London based runner/Queen of sass 
 Extroverted Introvert, a blog 
 Just some grammatically incorrect thoughts and feelings from a girl riding the struggle bus. 
 Living it. 
 Freelance writer | Illustrator 
 Patsy Arts  
 From Narnia to Neverland 
 creative activities from a 20-something finding her place in the world 
 The Gypsy Soul Diaries 
 An Asian Mermaid Lost In Transition 
 Stormy Rain Stevens 
 Can we talk? 
 The people we met on the way 
 Tabitha's sketchbook 
 The Akila Edla Journal 
 World of stories that I've read and stories that I write. 
 Sincerely, Loewe 
 Blog + Portfolio 
 Specscladeyes 
 Words and Photographs 
 Nothing But Nerd // Gelaine Santiago 
 Notes Of Encouragement & Honesty For My Fellow Entrepreneurs & Black Sheep. 
 Doodlewash® 
 Adventures in Watercolor Painting and Sketching, Watercolour Magazine, with Charlie O'Shields 
 YOUnfolded 
 Healthy, Balanced, Beautiful YOU 
 Odyssey Art 
 Fine art and art journaling. Temporary home base for World Sketchbook Month. 
 Cooking with a Wallflower 
 An Offbeat Bluestocking 
 An Offbeat View by a Bluestocking 
 Michelle B. 
 choose light over darkness 
 A Reading Writer 
 I write because I read. I read because I write. 
 Anawnimiss 
 tales told from behind the cloak of anonymity 
 Cheri Lucas Rowlands 
 Editor and writer. Interested in tiny things, nineties nostalgia, old jungle mixtapes, punctuation, and my cats. Not to be fed after midnight. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
