Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Analyst, Finance 
 Loblaw Companies Limited 
 __Brampton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
1 Presidents Choice Circle, Brampton, Ontario, L6Y 5S5 
 The decision to join a company is a big one. We have opportunities for hard working, energetic and reliable people just like you. 
 Why is this role important? 
 What You 'll Do: 
DC to Store GR/IR review and clearing 
Ensure that accurate monitoring processes & reporting are in place to identify data integrity issues 
Work closely with Vendor Services, Operations, Finance and IT departments to understand and resolve issues in a timely and efficient manner 
Responsible for data management and extraction from various LCL systems 
Support period end process as required 
Preparation of ad hoc analysis to support overall department objectives and initiatives 
Active involvement in upcoming department projects and initiatives as required 
 What You 'll Need: 
1-3 years previous work experience within Finance, inventory experience would be an asset 
Professional accounting designation or currently enrolled in advanced stages of professional designation program (an asset but not required) 
Technical knowledge and understanding of SQL/SAS/Database coding (an asset but not required) 
Demonstrated analytical and problem solving skills through previous experience in financial analysis 
Ability to plan, organize and prioritize numerous tasks with conflicting deadlines 
Ability to interpret and draw conclusions from financial information 
Strong working knowledge in Microsoft office applications - Excel, MS access (pivot tables, macros, data modeling, joining tables, cross tab tables) 
Supply Chain, Distribution or Inventory specific knowledge an asset 
Strong oral and written communication skills and the ability to communicate effectively at all levels of the organization 
Results Oriented – able to prioritize and consistently deliver on-time and accurate results 
Strong work ethic and a team player 
 How You’ll Succeed: 
At Loblaw, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Employment Type: 
Full time 
 Type of Role: 
Temporary with Benefits (Fixed Term) 
 Loblaw recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. 
 Please Note:  If you have Employee Self Service (ESS) on Workday, apply to this job via the Workday application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
