Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Assistant Grower 
 Tilray 
 __Petrolia, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Assistant Grower - Petrolia, Ontario 
 High Park Company  is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Tilray, a global leader in cannabis cultivation, processing, and distribution. Tilray serves patients in Canada and around the world with a diverse range of pharmaceutical-grade medical cannabis products as High Park Company focuses on creating distinctive products for adult Canadian consumers. 
 _  About High Park Company _ 
 High Park Company   was established to develop, sell, and distribute inspiring and iconic adult-use cannabis brands. 
 _  About Tilray _ 
 Tilray  is a global pioneer in cannabis research, cultivation, processing and distribution currently serving tens of thousands of patients in ten countries spanning five continents. 
 Looking to develop your career at the forefront of a rapidly expanding industry? 
 Reporting to the Head Grower, the Assistant Grower will be responsible for the coordination of work to ensure successful crop productions and completion of production schedules. 
 _  Duties & Responsibilities _ 
 
 Make sure application of pesticides is conducted as per the weekly IPM schedule and that the appropriate settings and procedures are followed during the application process. 
 Do periodic checks on sprayers to assure nozzles, pressure units, hoses and all components are working well, communicate requirements of services and replacement. 
 Do follow-up checks on effectiveness of pest control measures and discuss appropriate follow-up steps that will ensure better results. 
 Ensure pesticide applications are conducted in compliance with regulations and follow-up on requirements that need to be fulfilled to achieve them. 
 Make sure greenhouse climate settings are maintained on climate computer for optimizing quality and yield as per the strategies formulated by Head Grower. 
 Complete and maintain proper documentation records as per the company’s GMP standard requirements. 
 Assist in collection of data and samples from the greenhouse such as water, plant and grow media. 
 Provide hands on trainings for farmer assistants. 
 Be on call for climate computer Priva Alarms to mitigate problems that require immediate attention. 
 Any other duties deemed essential as requested by the head grower. 
 
 _  Qualifications & Educational Requirements _ 
 
 Must have completed a minimum of Horticulture Certificate or Diploma. 
 Horticultural experience in a greenhouse setting is an asset (Cannabis or other plants). 
 Proven knowledge of Microsoft Office Application. 
 Experience working with Priva climate computer program is an asset. 
 Must have excellent communication skills with the team and the ability to work in a fast-paced hot and humid greenhouse environment 
 Highly capable of multi-tasking with minimum supervision. 
 Strong work ethic and positive team attitude. 
 Must have the ability to obtain A/RPIC status as per Health Canada Access to Cannabis for Medical Purpose regulation. 
 Must have a certified Farmer course completed for use and application of Pesticides or willing to acquire one. 
 
 High Park welcomes applications from all qualified individuals and is committed to employment equity and diversity in the workplace. 
Accommodations are available for applicants with disabilities throughout the recruitment process. If you require accommodations for interviews or other meetings, please advise when submitting your application. 
Please note that High Park does not authorize, engage, or sponsor any consultants, agencies or organizations that seek certain personal or financial information from you (e.g. passwords, login ids, credit card information). High Park does not charge any application, processing or onboarding fee at any stage of the recruitment or hiring process. 
When replying to emails, please ensure the sender name and email address match exactly. 
 Location: 4376 Lasalle Line 
 Job Types: Full-time, Contract 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
