Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Sr. Scrum Master 
 CIBC 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 We’re building a relationship-oriented bank for the modern world. We need talented, passionate professionals who are dedicated to doing what’s right for our clients. 
 At CIBC, we embrace your strengths and your ambitions so you feel empowered at work. Our team members have what they need to make a meaningful impact and feel truly valued for who they are and what they contribute. 
 To learn more about CIBC, please visit CIBC.com 
 Job Description 
 What You’ll Be Doing 
 You’ll be the change agent in driving transformational change across many areas of the business. As an Agile Team Coach, you’ll be using your knowledge of agile values and principles to coach and train individuals and teams across the organization. The training you will be conducting will be virtual and in-class, covering topics on Agile and Agile practices, i.e. Scrum, Kanban, Scaling Frameworks, as well as building additional material when needed. To further the support the trainees on their agile journey, you’ll provide additional coaching and mentoring as an ambassador of the Agile CoE. This will include advocating agile values, principles and practices, and model agile behaviors and mindset. Your coaching and mentoring skills will support the teams to collaborate better, and work towards continuous improvement to deliver value to our customers. 
 How You’ll Succeed 
 Agile Champion – You are a Scrum Champion. You can facilitate scrum activities and guide teams through transformation towards continuously learning and improvement. You know the difference between ‘being agile’ and ‘doing agile’ and can help us bring about a cultural transformation. 
Collaboration – Work closely with teams and product owners to discover and implement Agile best practices. Collaborate with Agile Coaches and change agents to help the organization transform and adopt a growth mindset. 
Coaching & Facilitation – Leverage your expertise to coach, educate, and facilitate individuals and teams about agile and scrum methodologies. Coach teams to implement agile practices and drive change. Ensure your team is on track by coaching to achieve higher levels of scrum maturity. 
 Who You Are 
 You can demonstrate experience in using Agile techniques (User Stories, ATDD, TDD, Continuous Integration, Continuous Testing, Pairing, Automated Testing, and Agile Games) and other approaches discussed in the Agile space (XP, Kanban & Design Thinking) and can help with introducing them to the right teams at the right time. It’s an asset if you have experience coaching agile teams. 
You embrace and champion change. You'll continuously evolve your thinking and the way you work in order to deliver your best. You are living Agile and Scrum values and principles daily. 
You're driven by collective success. You know that collaboration can transform a good idea into a great one. You understand the power of an inclusive team that enjoys working together to create a shared vision. 
You look beyond the moment . You make decisions and take actions that will make a difference today and tomorrow. You proactively seek new opportunities to define what's possible. 
You’re a certified professional. It's an asset if you have your Certified Scrum Master (CSM) or Professional Scrum Master (PSM) certification. 
Values matter to you . You bring your real self to work and you live our values - trust, teamwork, and accountability. You're passionate about growing your knowledge, and you know that there is no limit to what you can achieve. 
 What CIBC Offers 
 At CIBC, our people are our greatest asset. You’ll become part of a diverse community that acknowledges everyone’s unique talents, and empowers teams to do what’s right for the client, and to do it well. As part of our team, you will: 
 Thrive :  Benefit from an open and approachable culture that provides the flexibility and support you need to integrate your life at work and at home 
 Connect :  Work in a place where the right technology and infrastructure fosters innovation, collaboration and creativity 
 Develop :  Grow your skills and career through our best-in-class onboarding experience, ongoing learning opportunities, and individual development planning 
 Prosper :  Share in our collective success with a competitive salary, incentive pay, banking benefits, health benefits program, and employee share purchase plan 
 What You Need to Know 
 CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation during the application or interview process, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com 
You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
 Expected End Date 
 2020-10-27 
 Job Location 
 Toronto-161 Bay St, 23th Floor 
 Employment Type 
 Regular 
 Weekly Hours 
 37.5 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
