Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Field Application Specialist 
 The Binding Site 
 __Ontario 
 Apply Now 
 Field Application Specialist(  Diagnostic instrumentation, analyzers, laboratory  ) 
 Provides technical support and training for both current and potential customers in the Quebec and Ontario, Canadian Territory, on diagnostic Instrumentation and Analyzers.  Must be fluent in French  and  must have diagnostic laboratory experience in the biotech/life sciences industry. Experience in laboratory automation & immunodiagnostic techniques required. 
 Performs assay validations on current and future non-Company instruments. Current non-Company instruments are Siemens BNII and Roche Cobas c501. 
 Current territory is Quebec or Ontario Canada 
Important to live near a major airport as travel is an essential part of this position. Travel can be from 75% up to 95% travel at times. 
 Must be bi-lingual, French & English 
 Qualifications 
 
 BA/BS in a Biological Science is required, or equivalent combination of education and industry experience required. 
 2 years experience required, in the biotech/life sciences industry. 
 Must be bi-lingual in English and French. 
 Minimum 2 years ' instrumentation experience in a clinical laboratory, diagnostic company or experience working as field application/technical support rep in the biotech/life sciences industry. 
 CLIA experience preferred. 
 Clinical Laboratory Scientist or Medical Technologist preferred. 
 Occasional weekend travel may be required. 
 Experience in laboratory automation & immunodiagnostic techniques required. 
 Excellent written, verbal and virtual communication skills. 
 Excellent organization, planning, and prioritization skills. 
 Excellent analytical problem solving / troubleshooting skills. 
 Advanced knowledge of Excel is required. 
 A firm understanding of immunoassays and the interaction between antibodies and antigens. 
 Advanced knowledge of laboratory statistics. EP Evaluator knowledge is a plus. 
 Knowledge of assay validation/verification including linearity, precision, and correlation, 2 years preferred. 
 
 Essential Duties and Responsibilities: 
 
 Performs installations, training, and validations on our chemistry analyzers (SPAPlus and Optilite). 
 Performs assay validations on current and future non-Company instruments. Current non-Company instruments are Siemens BNII and Roche Cobas c501. 
 Provides onsite and remote technical support with company engineers and technical service personnel for Binding Site instruments and assays. 
 Performs technical presentations at customer sites to prospective customers or at the National Sales Meeting. 
 Lead Train the Trainer Programs. 
 Attend User Group Meetings. 
 Present validation data to laboratory management to obtain acceptance of Binding Site instruments and assays. 
 Assists salespeople and customers with writing protocols for Company and non-Company assays and to assist in performing workflow analysis. 
 Ensures correct documentation for all product complaints or issues. 
 Perform software upgrades as required on Binding Site distributed instruments 
 Maintains customer contact information and input cases into Company ERP system. 
 Ensures correct documentation for product complaints. 
 Maintains current product knowledge. 
 Provides feedback on product performance with suggestions for product improvements. and new product development. 
 Provides on-call support and/or after hours as required by the department. 
 Provides support to the US FAS team as needed. 
 Perform other duties as assigned. 
 
 As one of the world’s leading specialized medical diagnostic companies, the Binding Site provides an ideal environment to meet a wide range of career aspirations. We provide competitive compensation, and benefits. We offer a professional, collaborative, inclusive and fun work culture. Our support of industry research, development and education ensures you can have the opportunity to drive innovation and improve patient lives worldwide. 
Come join our team! 
 Check out website & Facebook page 
https://www.us.bindingsite.com/en 
https://www.facebook.com/thebindingsite 
Salary commensurate with experience 
 The Binding Site, Inc. is an equal opportunity employer dedicated to non-discrimination in employment. We select the most qualified individual for the job based on job-related qualifications regardless of race, color, age, sex. 
 Job Type: Full-time 
 Benefits: 
 
 Extended health care 
 Paid time off 
 
 COVID-19 precaution(s): 
 
 Remote interview process 
 Personal protective equipment provided or required 
 Virtual meetings 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
