Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 2020-257 - Faculty - IT Programing (IT Campus) 
 Nova Scotia Community College 
 __Halifax, NS 
 Apply Now 
 IT Campus 
Halifax, Nova Scotia 
 School of Technology and Environment 
 Continuing Full Time Position:  Commencing approximately December 14, 2020 
Application deadline is 11:59PM, December 1, 2020 
 Competition No. 2020-257 
 With the 2020/2021 Academic year primarily offered online, this position may be required to work remotely, onsite, or a combination of both. Specifics to be confirmed upon hire. 
 The salary scale for NSCC Faculty is based on twelve steps that range from $61,653.68 - $91,237.97. New NSCC Faculty may receive up to a maximum of five steps for relevant occupational experience. New NSCC Faculty may receive up to an additional four steps for full-time equivalent years of instructional experience (instructional experience is defined as teaching post-secondary). The maximum a new NSCC Faculty can expect to receive is nine steps or $83,547.17. 
 Responsibilities 
 As a member of the School of Technology and Environment faculty team at the IT Campus, you will provide theoretical and practical instruction in the Diploma and Graduate Certificate programs. The types of courses you will be teaching could include, but are not limited to; Logic and Programming, Object-Oriented Programming (both introductory and advanced), Mobile Application Development, Data Fundamentals, Transactional Database programming, etc. 
 You will collaboratively design and deliver educational experiences for a diverse group of learners. This will include preparation, instruction, assessment, and evaluation of students using a broad range of flexible teaching and learning practices and technologies such as Learning Management Systems (e.g. Brightspace) and classroom technology. Related duties include but are not limited to academic and career advisement, participating on committees, program marketing, curriculum revision/development through collaborative practice within faculty working groups, supporting and monitoring work placements, liaising with business and industry, representing the College as required and upholding NSCC policies and procedures. You will also ensure health and safety practices and procedures are followed in your classroom, shops and labs. As a Faculty of NSCC, you will be expected to maintain currency with the latest industry practices relevant to your program and to continually develop your understanding of 21st century teaching and learning practices. This position may involve different delivery modalities (e.g. in-class, online, blended online/in-class), off-site instruction and alternate work hours such as weekends and evenings. 
 Qualifications 
 You are a collaborative, team player who takes personal accountability to deliver on what is expected in your role and you strive for excellence every day. You understand your position as a role model to each of your students and as such, you demonstrate the utmost professionalism, integrity and respect for all persons in everything you do. You are committed to life-long learning, occupational currency and a belief in NSCC's mission. You bring a learning-centered perspective to everything you do. You think broadly, celebrate diversity of thought, and respect the uniqueness of individuals. You flourish in a dynamic, changing and sometimes ambiguous environment by keeping informed and connected within your role and the College. Is this you? 
 Qualifications and Occupational Experience: 
The minimum educational qualification for this position is a degree or diploma in a related subject in Information Technology. 
You have a minimum of five years of recent and related occupational experience working on application developments in an object oriented environment, 
Occupational experience that includes experience in a supervisory capacity; evaluating, monitoring, assessing and advising will be considered an asset. 
You have specific technical occupational knowledge and skills in managing databases and developing software. 
A solid understanding and experience with current database systems, and object-oriented programming is a must. 
An understanding of AI, machine learning, deep learning considered an asset. 
You possess basic internet skills to search for information coupled with internet information skills to evaluate the information you find. Above all, you are comfortable working in a digital environment; you take responsibility for acquiring knowledge about advancing technology; and you are committed to using technology in support of an exceptional student experience 
You have demonstrated experience liaising with business and industry in your field 
Ideally, you have related experience in delivery of educational programs or training to adults 
You have knowledge and experience in applying WHMIS, Occupational Health and Safety and occupation-specific safety practices 
 Relevant Skills and Knowledge 
 You demonstrate a commitment to diversity and inclusion 
You possess excellent presentation skills and are able to facilitate content effectively and engagingly to a variety of audiences 
You are known for your superior interpersonal skills and are able to effectively manage interpersonal relationships and issues 
Your superb team building skills will enable you to develop a positive classroom dynamic and productive collegial relationships 
Your commitment to excellence, to life-long learning and to community involvement make you an ideal candidate for Faculty at NSCC 
Work With Us 
 You will change lives. You will join committed individuals as we work to build Nova Scotia's economy and improve quality of life through education and innovation. As an NSCC employee, you will be part of that change. 
You will find a place to grow personally and professionally with opportunities for professional development and collaborative projects. 
You will do meaningful and challenging work in a publicly accountable and respectful working and learning environment that is diverse, safe and inclusive. You will have the freedom to enable innovation, improvement and excellence. 
You will celebrate the uniqueness of individuals. NSCC campuses are located on the traditional territory of the Mi'kmaq People. Nova Scotia Community College values diversity and inclusion and is committed to employment equity. We encourage applications from all qualified candidates including Aboriginal/Indigenous Persons, members of racially visible communities, persons with disabilities, and women. Applicants from these communities wishing to self-identify may do so by completing an online questionnaire with your application. 
 As a condition of employment, Faculty at NSCC must complete a two-year (part-time) adult education program delivered by NSCC. This adult education program is a significant investment on the part of NSCC in the learning and development of new employees. To achieve regular status; all probationary, full or part-time Faculty of the College must successfully complete the program within their probationary period. Term full-time Faculty whose term appointment is twelve or more months are also required to participate in this program. 
 NSCC offers a competitive compensation and comprehensive benefits package. As a learning-centred organization, we provide opportunities for every NSCC employee to be a life-long learner. Candidates selected for interviews will be expected to provide at least three recent, occupational references. The successful candidate will be expected to provide official transcripts to show proof of academic achievements. 
 NSCC is committed to the full inclusion of all applicants. As part of this commitment, NSCC will ensure that applicants are provided reasonable accommodations, as required. If accommodation is needed to participate in the job application process, please contact David Meister, HR Generalist at david.meister@nscc.ca. Our Employee Workplace Accommodation Policy can be found here: https://www.nscc.ca/about_nscc/policies_procedures/index.asp. 
 To apply for College jobs, click on the Apply Now button. First time users will be asked to set up an account with a username and password. There are three parts to your NSCC application: 
 Your Profile. You can import your resume or your LinkedIn profile to help populate your profile (click Import Options, top right) or you can complete the profile manually. One thing to note if you are using a resume or LinkedIn; they may not import synchronously with the profile and you may still need to make some manual adjustments. 
Your Cover Letter and Resume. Towards the bottom of the Application tab, you will see a place to attach or write your cover letter. You will also see a place to attach your resume. Although these two sections say they are optional; they are not optional and are required for a complete NSCC application. 
Questions. Next to the Application tab, you will see a Questions tab. We will need you to complete these questions in order to submit your application. 
 Unfortunately, we cannot accept late or paper applications. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
