  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Midhurst 
 Rate:  £35k - 50k per year 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 RGN Qualified Nurse 
 Nurse Seekers are extremely proud to be recruiting a fantastic RGN Qualified Nurse for our client's nursing home near Midhurst. 
 Our client provides dementia, residential, palliative and nursing care in a lovely home from home environment. 
 As a RGN Qualified Nurse for our client you will look after the physical, psychological and social needs of our residents to help us deliver the quality of care they deserve. 
 About You 
 For this role my client is looking for a motivated RGN with extensive clinical knowledge. 
 You will be passionate about nursing, with a genuine drive for providing quality care. 
 For this role you will be required to hold a current NMC Registration and a good knowledge of the most up to date clinical practices. 
 You will be keen to develop your leadership skills and clinical knowledge, capable of building close relationships with residents and their families, and determined to drive continuous improvement. 
 Skills Required 
 
 
          A compassionate and caring nature
 
 
 
          To be a Qualified Registered General Nurse with valid NMC PIN
 
 
 
          Up-to-date clinical skills
 
 
 
          Knowledge of the current care practices laid down by the CQC
 
 
 
          Knowledge of dementia and palliative care
 
 
 
          Good communication skills, both written and verbal
 
 
 
          Proven ability to nurture and develop staff
 
 
 
          Ability to foster and develop communication with external agencies
 
 
 
          Ability to manage your workload and maintain standards
 
 
 
          Ability to monitor and maintain clinical skills
 
 
 
          Auditing skills
 
 
 
 Benefits 
 In return for your hard work as a RGN Qualified Nurse you will receive a fantastic pay rate, generous holiday allowance, continued training throughout your employment, pensions scheme, free parking, free DBS, free uniform and above all the chance to work and progress for a forward thinking company. 
 Our client is keen to hear from all Nurses with an interest and they have both permanent and Bank Hours available. 
 If this sounds like the perfect role for you then please get in touch on 01926 676369. 
 Alternatively, please apply and one of our consultants will be in touch. 
 Nurse Seekers are always seeking RGNs RMNs RNLDs for posts all over the UK. 
 If you are currently seeking a post as a Home Manager, Clinical Lead or Deputy Manager or in any other capacity then please send your CV to us along with your requirements and we will endeavour to find the right position for you. 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  Permanent 
 
 
 Rate:  £35k - 50k per year 
 
 
 Location:  Midhurst 
 
 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 
 Industry:  Medical 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Nurse Seekers 
 
 
 Contact:  Chris Bradbury 
 
 
 Tel:  01926 676369 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Reference:  S1855 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-11-06 06:41:41 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Nurse Seekers  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Nurse Seekers 
 
 Registered Nurse 
 Occupational Therapist 
 Registered Nurse 
 Registered Nurse RMN or RNLD 
 Deputy Manager RMN, RGN or RNLD 
 Occupational Therapist 
 Clinical Psychologist 
 Registered Nurse RGN or RMN 
 Care Assistant 
 Registered Nurse RGN or RMN 
 Care Assistant 
 RGN Qualified Nurse 
 Substance Misuse Nurse RMN or RGN 
 School Nurse 
 Charge Nurse 
 RMN Nurse 
 RGN or RMN Clinical Lead Nurse 
 Care Assistant 
 Home Care Assistant 
 Care Assistant 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
