  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
 Cryptocurrency 
 
 Cryptocurrency Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance Cryptocurrency Developer ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/cryptocurrency) 
 1 week ago 
 Wallet app 
 Published: 1 week ago  Bids: 0 
 I need blockchain app to add backend to my wallet app , pls message , the front is built with react native which I have the front source and it will be provided 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 Published by:  T. T. T. Algeria 
 USD 100 - 250 
 3 weeks ago 
 Data Anaylsis for Bitcoin Spot Market 
 Published: 3 weeks ago  Deadline: 1 Bids: 2 
 Hello, I need someone who can make a program/excel file or anything possible that shows the updated volume per hour for the Binance Bitcoin Spot Market (means all the coins that can be converted to Bitcoin). The freelancer should be done with the project max in 10 hours. API can bu used for this project. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Data Science 
 Project size  : Small 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  B. Turkey 
 Less than USD 50 
 Last month 
 Building a backend as a base for future projects 
 Published: Last month  Deadline: 69 Bids: 21 
 Looking for people to build a modular (microservices based) 7-module API backend platform for our future product needs. 
- Preparation of database schema 
- The APIs are preferably built on NodeJS using the NestJS framework, written in TypeScript in a microservices architecture 
- Data validation and error handling for all inputs 
- Swagger API documentation required 
- Proper unit test written and high code coverage for the produced code 
 A spec sheet of the modules required is attached 
 Expected timeline: 2 months 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new custom site 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Roles needed  : Developer, Project manager 
 Published by:  J. L. Last reply: 29 days ago  Malaysia Payment method:  __Verified 
 Over USD 3,000 
 Last month 
 Blockchain system with smart contracts for real estate tokenization 
 Published: Last month  Bids: 14 
 Blockchain system with smart contracts for real estate tokenization - we already have a whole formatted project - need to have experience with smart contracts, evm etherium and Blockchain 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Medium 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Other (Other APIs) 
 Required platforms  : Other 
 I need to  : Modify an existing app 
 App type  : Other 
 Back-end is required  : No 
 Payment gateway  : No 
 Published by:  E. Last reply: 1 week ago  Brazil 
 Over USD 3,000 
 9 months ago 
 Recover a lost password from a bitcoin wallet 
 Published: 9 months ago  Bids: 3 
 I have a bitcoin core  wallet.dat  file and I would like someone to help me recover its password. 
I’ve lost its password and I can say that it’s formed of lowercase and uppercase letters, digits and special characters. And it’s not short. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Small 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : Not applicable 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  K. U. C. Last reply: 9 months ago  Brazil 
 USD 250 - 500 
 10 months ago 
 Php Expert and Crypto Wallet transaction expert for crypto Project 
 Published: 10 months ago  Bids: 1 
 As stated this php script is already in place and just needs a bit of tweeking on the crypto wallets and accounting.  I would like to continue the details of this project with the videos that I have created to show the issues and answer your questions.  It is really about the ability to withdraw BTC from a company wallet to the customers wallets. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Small change or bug 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Other (Other APIs) 
 Roles needed  : Developer, Other 
 Other roles needed  : I have a PHP script that needs a bit of modification. I already have in place an accounting method where we can credit BTC to a persons account. Then if the person wants to withdraw the BTC then we need to be able to allow the person to withdraw the BTC and move it to his personal wallet. There is also the same issue with a Token that we have already minted It is an ERC20 and the person needs to be able to transfer the Token from his account at our web site to his Ether wallet. These are the basic issues and there are several more that we need. But in order to begin I want to fix these issues first. Then we can move on to the next one. There are a lot of moving parts to this project. I look forward to hearing more from you. 
 Published by:  D. S. Last reply: 10 months ago  United States 
 USD 50 - 100 
 11 months ago 
 Creat a cryptocurrency Trading website 
 Published: 11 months ago  Bids: 4 
 Hello, 
I like to create a full cryptocurrency trading website like  yobit.net , you can check the website and we can talk about the price 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new custom site 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Other (Other APIs) 
 Roles needed  : Developer, Designer, Design a landing page 
 Published by:  B. A. Last reply: 11 months ago  Algeria Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 1,000 - 3,000 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
