
 
 Youtube 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 Employee 2020 W2 
 
 
 Employee Portal 
 
 
 Locations 
 
 
 
 
 About 
 Employers 
 Employees 
 Get an Interview 
 Job Board 
 Coronavirus 2020 
 Blog 
 Apply Now 
 Menu  Menu 
 
 How To Fine-Tune Your Job Search   
 Job Search 
 
 When you’re ready for a new job, it can be tempting to just blast your resume out everywhere and hope for the best. This tactic seems wise because you’re giving yourself a lot of opportunities, but in reality, you could be wasting time and missing the right jobs. Here are a few ways to fine-tune your job search and give yourself the best chance at finding the perfect role for you. 
 Match Your Background and Interests 
 This seems obvious, but when you’re desperate for something new, it’s easy to compromise both what you can do and what you want to do. In order to find a role that truly works for you where you will be content, you want to make sure you’re qualified and actually want to do the work. 
 Take some time to consider what you’ve done before, what you can do, and what you want to do. Use that as your guide when go through job posting to give you the best chance of connecting with an opportunity that will work for you. 
 Network as Much as You Can 
 Both online and in-person networking can help lead you to the right role. You never know who you’re going to meet and what connection they have and how that might get you an interview at your dream company. Find events in your area created for professionals in your industry or even just a general networking opportunity. 
 Find people on LinkedIn that have a job you’re interested in or work at a company of interest to you. Don’t just add them to your network – start a conversation so you can learn more about what they do and how they like their roles. Not only are you growing your professional network, but you’re also growing as a professional. 
 Work With a Staffing Agency 
 Ultimately, one of the best ways to connect only with jobs that meet your skillset and interest is to have the help of a recruiter. They’ll know your field almost as well as you and work to connect you with the perfect opportunities. Plus, they’ll know about jobs you’ve never even seen, giving you an edge in your search. 
 If you’re looking for a career in manufacturing, warehouse operations, light industrial work, office or administrative help, then Workbox Staffing is the employment firm for you. We’ll pair you with a personalized career coach to make sure we know exactly what you can and want to do and work hard to make your dream a reality.  Find one of our locations near you  to get started 
 
 September 25, 2019/by  Kara Montgomery   Tags:   Ann Arbor Staffing Agencies ,  Employment Agencies Ann Arbor MI ,  Employment Agencies Greenville SC ,  How to Improve Your Job Search ,  Job Search Tips 
 Share this entry 
 
 Share on WhatsApp 
 
 https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/09/Fine-Tune-Your-Job-Search.jpg 628 1200 Kara Montgomery https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/workbox-staffing-logo-color.png Kara Montgomery2019-09-25 11:00:382019-09-26 14:37:11How To Fine-Tune Your Job Search 
 You might also like 
   5 Strategies for Managing Part-Time Employees   
   10 Employee Appreciation Ideas That Your Staff Will Enjoy   
   Should You Be Telling A Candidate They Didn’t Get the Job?   
   5 Benefits to Starting Your Job Search with a Staffing Agency   
   Set Your Career Goals for 2020…NOW!   
   What to Do When You Don’t Have Much Relevant Job Experience   
 Don’t Miss Anything! Have The Workbox Staffing Blog Delivered right to your Inbox. 
 Subscribe To Our Newsletter 
 Recent Posts 
 
 6 Red Flags the Job You’re Applying for is No-Good 
 Is A Light Industrial Job Right For You? 
 How to Balance Hiring for Quality and Filling Jobs Fast 
 How Do You Write Up An Employee? 
 5 Tips for Your First Day on the Job 
 
 Posts By Month 
 
 Company Culture 
 Employee Wellness 
 General Labor 
 Job Search 
 Looking to Hire 
 Management Tips 
 Professional Development 
 Skilled Trades 
 Uncategorized 
 workplace productivity 
 
 Locations   Employee Portal   Job Board   Subscribe 
 Locations   Employee Portal   Job Board   Subscribe 
 © 2020 Workbox Staffing. All rights reserved. - Equal Opportunity Employer - ASA Member  Site by CurlyHost. 
  5 Perks You Can Offer Your Employees Without Breaking the Bank!   Applying for an Entry-Level Position? These Are Skills Employers are Looking...  
 Scroll to top 
