[ 
 WorkForThem 
 ](/) 
 
 Blog 
 RSS 
 Remote Jobs 
 Find More Jobs 
 Post a job 
 
 Menu Close 
 
 Blog 
 RSS 
 Remote Jobs 
 Find More Jobs 
 Post a job 
 
 Senior Product Designer 
 Looped 
 Full time 
 United States Remote 
 130k€—170k€ 
 Jan 7 
 Looped is building the future of live entertainment 
 We empower creators to host high-quality livestream and video chat events. By joining the Looped team, you're giving back to creators who have seen much of their live performance revenue dry up due to the pandemic. 
 Our traction has accelerated over the last few months, opening the doors to countless opportunities for high impact projects. Over 750 top creators run events through Looped, including Lin-Manuel Miranda, Meghan Trainor, Khalid, BTS, Charlie Puth, AJ McLean, Joel McHale, Maren Morris, Ken Jeong, Bob Saget, and many more. 
 You'll be forever part of the core team that shapes the culture and vision of the company. If you hope to start your own thing someday, this could be great preparation. 
 The Role 
 We are a small team, and we focus on delivering unparalleled experiences to our big name clients. Looped has been a remote-first company since 2018, with employees primarily in NYC, Los Angeles and the SF Bay area. Learn more about Looped at  loopedlive.com . 
 We obsess over moving quickly, while not missing the details. We're currently at the top of the market in virtual events, and we don't intend to lose our footing as the best of the best. We are fiercely competitive, agile perfectionists, and trustworthy collaborators. And our customers are celebrities, so expect to speak with them often. 
 As a Senior Product Designer, you will be responsible for helping us improve the customer experience across our website, app, and marketing campaigns. You’ll mix data, design, and customer knowledge to drive our funnel conversion results and help people experience Looped. 
 Key Responsibilities 
 
 Own the visual design of the product across the apps, web, and marketing 
 Maintain a high bar for polish 
 Design well-considered features 
 Build high-fidelity mock ups that engineers are able to implement 
 Conduct user interviews and user testing 
 Build creative solutions to usability problems in our livestreams and video chats 
 
 Backgrounds we prefer 
 
 Proven track record (4+ years’ experience) in user experience design working across multiple platforms (mobile and web) on products that have shipped 
 Education (formal or otherwise) in design, UX, HCI, marketing, cognitive psychology, or related field 
 
 Examples of projects you might work on 
 
 Figuring out how to make a live chat room with 10,000+ users less chaotic and more exciting 
 Making the purchase flow for new users dead-simple 
 Create templates for creator social media posts 
 Making it easier to set up and manage events as a creator 
 Designing a more refined way to run Q&A's with a live audience 
 
 What you bring 
 
 Exceptional strength in consumer facing experiences, with focus on mobile first 
 Ability to advocate for user-centered design 
 Can communicate concepts, results, and directions with clarity 
 Embrace and thrive in a high-paced, changing, startup culture 
 Comfortable working with a diverse, cross functional team 
 
 Benefits 
 
 Health insurance, 5 weeks of PTO, sick leave, 20 weeks parental leave 
 100% remote (US Eastern Time) 
 Competitive salary (130 to 170k) and equity 
 
 Apply Today! 
 Does this role sound like a good fit? Email Pranav (CTO) at   pranav+design@loopedlive.com   . 
 
 Include the role's title in your subject line 
 Applicants must be authorized to work the US (no visa) 
 Send along your resume highlighting relevant experience and your portfolio 
 The interview process includes a portfolio review, 3 conversational interviews, and a (paid!) take home design exercise 
 
 Apply for this position 
 Apply 
 Your application has been successfully submitted. 
 Please fix the errors below and resubmit. 
 Something went wrong. Please try again later or contact us. 
 Personal information 
 First name * 
 Last name * 
 Email * 
 Address (Optional) 
 Profile 
 Summary (Optional) 
 Resume * 
 Details 
 Cover letter * 
 Submit application 
   
 Looped 
 The virtual venue for live, 1-on-1 video call meet & greets and exclusive livestream events. 
 Website   Twitter 
 Apply for this position 
 Share this job 
 [Tweet](https://twitter.com/share?text=Looped is hiring a Senior Product Designer in United States&url=https://workforthem.com/job/14412-senior-product-designer)  Share  [Share](https://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?mini=true&summary=Looped is hiring a Senior Product Designer in United States&url=https://workforthem.com/job/14412-senior-product-designer&source=WorkForThem) 
 
 
 WorkForThem 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Terms Of Service 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Menu 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 RSS 
 
 
 Remote Jobs 
 
 
 Find More Jobs 
 
 
 Post a job 
 
 
 Browse Jobs By 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 Locations 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 
 Jobs By Type 
 
 
 Full time 
 
 
 Part time 
 
 
 Freelance 
 
 
 Internship 
 
 
 Contract 
 
 
