Skip to content  
 honestme363 
 revealing my inner narrator 
 Menu 
 
 About 
 
 Tag: career 
 My Top 20: Words of Wisdom from a Marinated Vet Tech 
 Posted on  July 4, 2015July 4, 2015  Posted in  Uncategorized Tagged  career ,  humour ,  veterinary Leave a comment 
 So am I seasoned vet tech now? July 2015 will mark my tenth anniversary of graduating from the veterinary technology program. I still feel like I have so much to learn and experience. Perhaps I have only been marinating and will become well seasoned when I reach twenty years… 
 It is ironic to me that the main reason I chose this profession was because I was scared of committing to the years required to become a veterinarian. I questioned whether or not this field would capture my interest for that long. The formula in my head was something like this: cost + years + $ + questionable acceptance into vet program + years needed = no way. 
 photo courtesy of someecards, user Sharon 1690493 
 I feel fortunate that, after a decade of dedicating myself to said profession, that I still love my job. It is emotionally, mentally and physically challenging. No two cases are exactly the same and no day is exactly like the other. 
 Thus, after reaching the first milestone of my life, I felt it prudent to impart some words of wisdom to all other vets, techs, assistants and volunteers that are involved in the animal health industry. Here is my list, in no specific order: 
 1. Never cuddle, cradle and nuzzle your face with a pet while it is recovering from anesthetic. You may think that Mrs. Fluffers is super cute and really drowsy but she can still bite you. 
 2. Sometimes, even bunnies can be intimidating. 
 3. Ferrets are  really  hard to catch and/or corral. They are also really smart. I mean, how do you handle a two-pound ball of fur that is the equivalent of a slinky and can dart into places smaller than your arm? Please remember to tape the kennels shut. 
 4. Never put a patient into a kennel without giving it some love before you close its door. Sometimes we are so busy that we forget to do this but it's important for them to know that we are their friend. They will remember it when you go to retrieve them. 
 5. The best thing for a fractious cat is a ketamine cocktail. A frightened dog will respond to soft tones and body language. Cats don't. Hissing at them only makes it worse. 
 5.5. Some cats don't really enjoy seeing other cats as they are being put in their jail ( ahem  I mean kennel). Please try to avoid that visual stimulation. 
 5.75. Also, if you have a howling, screeching cat, move it to another room far away from the others. It will only stress everyone (including yourself) out. This can be applied to dogs as well. 
 6.  NEVER EVER  believe an owner when they say "Oh, he'll never bite." This is also true of wild boar owners who think their animals are non-aggressive. 
 7. It's okay to cry. 
 7.5. It's okay to become attached to our patients. It proves we are human and enhances how well we treat them. 
 8. If you ever have the unfortunate privilege of being a receptionist, be patient. Answering phone calls and booking appointments sounds deceptively easy. It isn't. From a typical Tuesday call, you can find out that the owner has company coming on Friday; a sister-in-law arriving on Thursday ('she doesn't know why she is coming early because they don't really get along'); Wednesday is supposed to be the day she does the baking for the weekend festivities; and the week after she will be too exhausted from hosting to bring her dog in. 
 8.5. Also, you need to realize that nobody wants to bring their animal in. They want free advice. And, even if you give them some advice, they won't believe you. 
 9. Brace yourself if you hear "I was reading on the internet…" Suddenly, they are an expert. It is wonderful that people want to educate themselves. It is not so wonderful when they want to dispute or argue with you over their internet finds. 
 10. I cannot think of a single working day where my scrubs didn't have any fecal material or urine on them. Please note that you should never stand too close to the back-end of a cow/bull - that sh** really splatters. 
 11. All bottle fed babies are cute until they bunt you in the crotch. 
 12. Paper gets lost. Some files are permanently MIA. 
 12.5. Just because your alphabetized or numerical system for filing is simple to you, it really isn't. Some people don't know the alphabet. Some people don't know how to count. Trust no one. 
 13. We all make errors. Please take time to share your mistakes with your peers. I have learned so much from other people's follies. 
 14. Unfortunately, despite our best efforts, animals can die pre, post or during surgery. Accept it. And don't let the guilt eat away at you. 
 15. If you handle an animal that is loaded with fleas and ticks, chances are you will find these pests on you. This usually occurs when you are driving home and trying to change lanes. 
 16. Laugh, laugh, laugh! I still break into a fit over the jokes I cracked when one of the vets was obtaining a semen sample from a dog. C'mon, just take a minute to think of the possibilities. 
 17. Owners need you. They need your knowledge and your expertise when handing out instructions. They need to see how you perform tasks like ear cleaning and nail clipping and administering insulin. And sometimes they need you to suggest obedience classes. 
 17.5 They will also need you to hold their hand and tell them it is time to let go. Help them to come to terms with their decision. 
 18. Keep a copy of all of the thank you notes you/your clinic receives. I pull them out when I am having a horrible day. Yes, most of these animals are gone, but I still smile when I think of them (like Snowbelle, the American Eskimo that would bite everyone but me.) 
 19. Be strong enough to stand up for yourself and what you believe in. People will respect you for it. 
 20. You  have  to pause to enjoy those special, affectionate moments - the licking dog, the head bunting cat, the horse that respectfully comes in for a nuzzle. It is in those moments that we are able to connect to a different species soul. They are precious and rewarding. And it provides us with the fuel we need to get up the next day and do it all over again. 
 Happy teching. 
 Award Free 
 I really do appreciate you thinking of me, but I am award free . :) 
 Follow honestme363 on WordPress.com 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Blogroll 
 
 
 a cooking pot and twistedtales 
 
 
 Afternnon of Sundries 
 
 
 The Weekly Duck 
 
 
 Around ZuZu's Barn 
 
 
 Feeding on Folly 
 
 
 Brooke 
 
 
 Sometimes Stellar Storyteller 
 
 
 crashingstone 
 
 
 Kasim's Korner 
 
 
 along the side of the road 
 
 
 sonofabeach96 
 
 
 Jennifer's Soul Purpose 
 
 
 Jellyfish Mama 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Copyright Notice 
 Unless otherwise stated, all words and images are under the copyright of the author of this site. They may be used only for non-commercial sharing purposes, with provision of links back to this site and full acknowledgement of the work to the author. 
 Search for: 
 What's New 
 
 Have You Heard this Version? 
 Playing Catch Up 
 On Veteran's Day 
 Speechless 
 Her and I 
 
 Past Posts 
 Past Posts Select Month November 2016  (7) October 2016  (2) September 2016  (3) August 2016  (3) May 2016  (2) April 2016  (2) March 2016  (7) February 2016  (13) January 2016  (9) December 2015  (8) November 2015  (13) October 2015  (12) September 2015  (27) August 2015  (18) July 2015  (23) June 2015  (2) 
 What I Write About… 
 What I Write About… Select Category A Photo and a Story about me blogging Creativity Carnival Flash Fiction Life parenting Relationships Tuney Tuesday Uncategorized Weekly Photo Challenge Worth Sharing Writing 101 Writing Challenges 
 What you have thought… 
 
 
 
 
 mother wintermoon  on  Have You Heard this Versi… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Fun Simplicity (Funs…  on  Have You Heard this Versi… 
 
 
 
 mother wintermoon  on  Her and I 
 
 
 
 mother wintermoon  on  Have You Heard this Versi… 
 
 
 
 Colette B  on  Have You Heard this Versi… 
 
 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
