  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Cardiff, Wales 
 Rate:  £25 - £32 per hour 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Hospital Discharge Social Worker 
 Cardiff Council currently has a vacancy available for a social worker to join the hospital discharge team based in the University Hospital of Wales. 
 The position is full time and is available initially on a temporary basis for 3 months with a view to this being extended on a rolling basis. 
 In this role the successful candidate will be joining an experienced and supportive team, working in a fast paced environment to enable timely discharges from hospital.The qualities necessary for this role include excellent time management and prioritisation skills, the ability to effectively chair meetings, excellent assessment skills and the ability to work with a wide range of professionals championing the voice of the citizen at all times. 
 Candidates must have a sound knowledge of Social Services and the Well-Being Act, Mental Capacity Act, Deprivation of Liberty Safeguards and the Human Rights Act and must also be committed to working in a strengths based way. 
 The ideal candidate will have: 
, Social work degree, or equivalent 
, Social Work England or Social Care Wales registered 
, Experience of working of supervising staff 
, Experience of hospital discharge 
, Full UK driving license and vehicle 
 The benefits of working with Eilidh at Service Care Solutions: 
, You will receive a £150 joining bonus after completing 4 weeks of your first 
assignment with us. 
 , Free umbrella service for new candidates. 
 , You will receive a dedicated and personal consultant with a vast knowledge of social 
work 
, We are a nationwide supplier of Social Work staff to over 200 local authorities 
which means we have a wide variety of exclusive roles based all over the country 
, We provide frequent updates of new opportunities via text and email 
, We have an expert payroll service which is processed twice a week 
 At Service Care Solutions we also offer a £250 bonus for referrals! If you think you know someone who would be ideal for this role and they are placed in the job you will then receive £250 at the end of their probationary period. 
 To apply for this role, or to refer someone else, then please do not hesitate to contact Eilidh at Service Care Solutions on 01772208964 or email eilidh.nicol@servicecare.org.uk with your CV. 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  3 months 
 
 
 Rate:  £25 - £32 per hour 
 
 
 Location:  Cardiff, Wales 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Other 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208964 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2021-01-13 17:16:07 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Customer Service Advisor 
 Cleaner 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Recovery Worker 
 Mental Health Recovery Worker 
 Channel Sales Manager 
 Senior Children's Support Worker 
 Social Worker 
 Talent Acquisition Coordinator  
 Recovery Worker 
 Environmental Health Officer 
 Food Safety Officer 
 Environmental Health Officer 
 Theatre Nurse 
 Domestic Assistant 
 Planning Manager 
 Head of Highways 
 Hospital Cleaner 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
