Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Relief Management – Northern Canada Relocation 
 The North West Company 
 __Canada 
 Apply Now 
 Northern and NorthMart is looking for Relief Management for stores across northern Canada. 
 What it takes to be a Relief Store Management with us: 
Our Relief Management are a very integral part of our Stores management team. Relief Managers will have the opportunity to experience different stores and communities; while participating in varied assignments including supporting Store managers who are new to our Company to get settled in their new environment or helping to relieve our full-time managers while they take time out to rejuvenate. 
 What you can look forward to in the store you are assigned: 
Supporting the delivery of profitable sales for the store 
Accountability for the full operations management of the store 
Leading a team of store associates 
Prioritizing and tasking work duties 
Planning, organizing and managing store inventory 
Building community partnerships 
 What you will discover: 
Our Relief Management employees are given the same accountabilities as our permanent Store Manager. What makes our Relief Store Management unique is their agility and ability to thrive on change. You will be required to rapidly respond to a request to lead a store where you will need to quickly understand the store operations alongside building relationships and trust with both employees and customers in a new community. 
 This role will provide you with the opportunity to be part of many teams, visit many communities, and have the knowledge that you have helped support your colleagues by letting them take some well-deserved time away from the business. 
 What you’ll receive in return: 
You may be looking for a short term contract to supplement your regular income or one that provides flexibility around other personal commitments. Alternatively, you may be looking for a permanent role, which provides more flexibility in location so you are able to experience different stores and communities. Either way, we have both contract and permanent Relief Management opportunities available. 
 It is not uncommon for our Relief Management to request a permanent location after a period of time; and we are fortunate to have these opportunities available to help you grow into a long term career with us. 
 Competitive wages and benefits package 
Subsidized food and accommodation 
Contract Flexibility 
Career growth opportunities 
Excellent training program 
Opportunity to explore northern Canada 
 What you’ll need to begin your career with us: 
We’re looking for Relief Store Management with the desire and flexibility to be ready for the next challenge, the aptitude to quickly adapt to new communities and situations, and has the willingness to learn new skills. 
 You will also bring: 
Minimum of two years of experience in a managerial capacity, ideally in a high-volume grocery/retail environment 
Experience in retail distribution, budget planning, merchandise displays, inventory control, cost control, and revenue generation 
Expertise in developing community relations by working with store associates and community partners respectfully, knowledgeably and effectively 
Capability to role model, coach and reinforce operational expectations; combined with the ability to exemplify empathy and compassion in leading a team 
Proficiency in ensuring efficient operation of a business to achieve all financial targets and deliver on budgeted KPI’s 
Understanding in how to deliver successful execution of retail commercial programs, together with providing best advice for continuous improvement 
Ability to adapt to stressful situations and different cultures and surroundings 
 Candidates must be willing to relocate to multiple markets in the northernmost regions of Alberta, Manitoba, Ontario, Saskatchewan, Quebec, Nunavut, and Northwest Territories. 
 Relocation arrangements will be made and paid for by Northern and NorthMart. 
 For the safety of our northern communities, relocated employees will be subject to mandatory 14-day isolation period. 
 We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Northern and NortMart is part of The North West group of companies. We are proud to serve and support communities in Northern Canada. Our stores offer a broad range of products and services with an emphasis on food, and our goal is to be the best local shopping choice for everyday household and local lifestyle needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
