Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Technical Project Manager - Joe Fresh (Contract) 
 Loblaw Digital 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 At Loblaw Digital, we know that our customers expect the best from us. Whether that means building the best, most innovative online shopping experience, or designing an app that will impact the lives of people across the country, we’re up for the challenge. From our office in Downtown Toronto, we’ve created leading eCommerce experiences in the online grocery shopping, beauty, pharmacy, and apparel spaces, and we’re only just getting started. 
 Why is this role important? 
 Our Technical Project Managers are integral to how we operate at Loblaw Digital and are responsible for not only ensuring that eCommerce Technology projects are delivered on-time, on-budget, and on-plan; but also ensuring collaboration and enablement amongst our cross-functional teams. Our network of team members are deployed across all of our businesses, and strategically placed throughout our shared capabilities…we operate as a unit with a vision focused on: bridging functions by making connections, inspiring transparency, communicating facts clearly, and enabling solution-forward ideas collaboratively. 
 As a Technical Project Manager (TPM) you will manage technical eCommerce projects that span across multi-disciplinary teams (both internal at Loblaw Digital and externally with the broader enterprise). You will create and track detailed project plans, manage and resolve issues and risks, manage teams directly and indirectly, and communicate status and priorities through succinct updates. 
 Candidates should have extensive experience managing and launching large-scale technology projects and be comfortable with business case analysis, business process documentation, requirements gathering, and project management. 
What you'll do 
In partnership with product and technology, plan end-to-end delivery of technical solutions, technology initiatives, and omni-channel programming 
Enable and foster relationship management, stakeholder communication, and management of cross team dependencies across both digital, business, and enterprise teams 
Support business objectives through budget and plan definition management, identification and resolution of project risks/issues, and have the ability to assess plans based on the big picture while recognizing potential impacts across multiple cross-functional teams 
Manage eCommerce technology implementation projects on-time and within budget 
Identify project dependencies; work with all business and technology partners to identify dependencies and communicate the impacts if delivery dates are trending risk, or off plan 
Proactively identify project change, issues, and risks; work with business leaders to drive to resolution and enable teams with solution-forward ideas 
Conduct weekly meetings with internal and external project teams 
Serve as the key liaison for the business and proactively clarify and prioritize business ideas, needs, and problems that require technology enablement 
Define detailed business requirements by gathering input from eCommerce business areas and other internal partners as required 
Lead the project management of our technical support aspects for existing eCommerce systems in our organization 
Manage a budget and contribute to roadmap and resource planning 
Act as a key conduit to project manage our infrastructure and hosting partner 
Own the coordination of our internal roadmaps across subteams, and the coordination of those roadmaps with other teams, TPMs, or enterprise IT organization 
Coordinate cross-team projects where sourcing alignment with the owners of data sources is required 
Does this sound like you? 
3+ years of experience managing high-volume, complex, consumer facing eCommerce projects 
Strong inter-personal and communication skills including ability to work in a cross-functional environment, communicate with all levels of the organization, and ensure sound vendor management 
Excellent understanding of web and mobile technologies especially as it relates to eCommerce 
Excellent understanding of the Agile and Scrum methodologies 
Experience communicating technical constructs and concepts to non-technical stakeholders 
Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering or Computer Science required, advanced degree strongly preferred 
Forward, proactive, and strategic thinker with the ability to think outside of the box 
Demonstrated ability to drive to clear action and ownership 
Exceptional project and time management skills 
Collaborative partner and strong problem-solving skills 
Excellent understanding of the retail industry as it relates to eCommerce 
Thrive in a fast-paced and ambiguous environment 
Experience managing projects in cloud environments an asset, especially Google Cloud Platform (GCP) 
At Loblaw Digital, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. We’re able to keep innovating because our colleagues are passionate about their work and excited about the future of eCommerce. 
You will get to work with some of the best digital minds and will have the support of world class technologies to craft products our customers will love! 
 Loblaw Digital recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. 
In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
