  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Hull 
 Rate:  Market related 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Lab Technician- Full Time- Humber Bridge Hull 
 Laboratory Technician (Full Time FTC) 
 Humber Bridge -Hull 
 Are you a recent Grad that has a car and drives, you will have a Degree in Life Sciences, Biology, Chemistry and are ooking for a full-time position? Maybe you have worked in a Lab environment before ?  Look no further…… 
 The Company 
 Our client, a leading provider of life science solutions are now looking for Laboratory Technicians to support their work with Covid-19 testing and clinical trials for a fixed term contract of 6 months that could well be extended further on a rolling basis. 
 The Benefits 
 - Salary competitive, Pro Rata for FTC 
- Plus good benefits 
 This is an exceptional opportunity to help impact the pandemic and play a part of the resolution of this global crisis. 
 You will have the chance to broaden your skill set while supporting the creation of products that have the potential to change the world. 
 So, don't miss out, apply today and put your lab experience to the best possible use. 
 The Role 
 As a Laboratory Technician, you will be tasked with testing activities as part of a Covid-19 clinical trial. 
 You will be working at our client's laboratory site and you will work as part of the lab team tasked with sample processing and complete a range of admin activities to support the efficient running of the department. 
 Specifically, your lab work will involve storing and logging samples, processing samples including sample preparation and set ups, the use and maintenance of lab equipment. 
 About You 
 To be considered as a Laboratory Technician you will need: 
 u  A Degree or working towards a Degree in a life Science, biology or chemistry 
 u  Previous laboratory experience would be advantageous, especially working within a wet lab and knowledge of qPCR, R & A 
 u  A can-do attitude 
 u  Excellent organisational skills 
 u  Good communication skills 
 u  The ability to work in a logical and organised manner 
 u  Excellent attention to detail 
 u  Excellent Team Player 
 Category 2 lab experience would be beneficial to your application, however full training will be given **. 
 You will need to be a car owner and drive due to the location of this role.** 
 Other companies may call this role Laboratory Assistant, Lab Assistant, Lab Technician, Laboratory Support Assistant, or New Product Development Technician. 
 This is a full- time role 37.5 hours a week, operating on a shift pattern 24/7h between Monday and Friday. 
 Insignia Recruit and our clients are equal opportunities employers, value diversity and are strongly committed to providing equal employment opportunities for all employees and all applicants for employment. 
 Equal opportunities are the only acceptable way to conduct business and we believe that the more inclusive our environments are, the better our work will be. 
 
 
 Rate:  Market related 
 
 
 Location:  Hull 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Science 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Elite Executive Search & Selection Ltd 
 
 
 Contact:  Vanessa Barnes 
 
 
 Tel:  0203 750 0575 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Reference:  VHB00196 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-09 11:18:23 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Elite Executive Search & Selection Ltd  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Elite Executive Search & Selection Ltd 
 
 Sales Engineer  
 Outsourcing Junior 
 Outsourcing Client Manager  
 Audit Senior  
 Sample Reception & Sample Handling Assistant -Tangmere 
 Sample Reception & Handling Assistant - Gatwick Airport 
 Sample Reception & Handling Assistant- Hull 
 Sample Reception & Handling Assistant 
 Warehouse Site Operative Lead - Stansted  
 Laboratory Technician Supervisor - Deeside  
 Site Operative Lead - Ramsgate 
 Site Operative Lead - Stansted Airport  
 Laboratory Technician - Gatwick Airport  
 Laboratory Technician Supervisor - Gatwick  
 Operational Scientific Lead- Manchester 
 Operational Clinical Lead - Gatwick 
 Site Operative Operative - Leeds 
 Clinical Operational Lead - Leeds 
 Clinical Operational Lead - Tangmere 
 Operational Clinical Lead - Deeside 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
