Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 JO-1809-169Desktop EUC Support Specialist (Multiple Openings L1, L2, L3) YOW001 
 Iron Systems 
 __Kanata, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Title:  Desktop EUC Support Specialist (Multiple Openings L1, L2, L3) YOW001 
 Job Type:  Contract 
 Location:  Kanata, ON - Canada 
 Salary:  Competitive salary 
 Responsibilities: 
Manage Desktop Devices (hardware, software and connectivity) incidents through to resolution. 
Manage IMAC and desk side support services. 
Manage hard and soft break fix services for laptops and desktops. 
Provide standard and approved hardware and software (operating systems and standard office applications) support and maintenance on Desktop (Field Users) Devices for their entire lifecycle (including the remote management of Desktop Devices using appropriate tools). 
Support, Manage, Optimize and Maintain the configuration and installation of the Desktop, to include, but not limited to, patch updates, hardware replacements, with spares provided by vendor. 
Analyze Service Desk calls for Desktop Devices and incident data to identify and advice Customer of any potential user training requirement and automation. 
Ensure that each Desktop Device is installed with the appropriate Desktop image. 
Manage Desktop Devices (hardware and software) incidents through to resolution. 
Monitor security profiles and anti-virus software on all Desktop Devices and take appropriate action in the event of non-compliance with security requirements 
Provide VIP support for Desk side issues per contract and be point of contact at the site for all IT related issues if no other IT support team unavailable like for MI calls. 
 Requirements: 
2-4 years of experience in Onsite support 
Knowledge and experience on windows 7 OS 
Good to have – knowledge in AD and smart hands and feet support. 
Good to have – knowledge and experience of supporting MAC devices and tablets 
Experience with Service management tool – ex – Service now 
Should have good expertise on EUC tools, remote support tools, MS office and outlook. 
Preferable to have a good understanding of Lync, VPN, and mobile device support. 
Should be aware of ITIL process of Incident, Change, Problem, Service Request and related activities like spare and buffer stock management 
Associate's degree (A.A.) or equivalent from three-year College or technical school with an emphasis in electronics required; Bachelor's Degree preferred 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
