Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Fresh Food Store Associate 
 Walmart Canada 
 __Burlington, ON 
 Apply Now 
 FRESH ROLES IN THE FRESHEST WORKPLACE AROUND 
 Our workplace smells better than yours does. 
 At Walmart Canada, our Fresh Food associates have been combining the freshness, quality, and selection that customers expect, with the sense of caring and community that Walmart is known for—and it’s a winning combination. Since expanding our offerings to include Fresh Food services, we continue to attract even more customers across the country who love our one-stop shop. And we owe that success to our incredible team. 
 Whether it’s baking fresh treats, artfully decorating cakes for any occasion, preparing hot meals in the deli, or displaying a full assortment of produce, our Fresh Food Associates take pride in sending our customers home with a basketful of delicious. And they do it with a smile—because watching people’s eyes light up when they find exactly what they want is a perk of the job that never gets old. 
 Our stellar team is seeking applicants with the following traits: 
 
 Positive attitude 
 Great listening skills 
 Strong communication 
 Friendly demeanor 
 Inquisitive mind 
 Energetic 
 Outgoing 
 Welcoming 
 Fun 
 Helpful 
 Happy to help! 
 
 At Walmart, every role matters. That’s why we proudly offer benefits to part-time associates and PT Flex roles with the flexibility of more hours when needed, and fewer when they’re not needed, allowing time for the other important things in your life. 
If you love people and want to work with a winning team that sees every customer as the unique, valued individual that they are, then we can’t wait to meet you. Realize your potential with Walmart—apply today. 
 Fresh Department Opportunities: 
 
 Bakery Associate 
 Cake Decorator 
 Deli Associate 
 Meat Stocker 
 Produce Associate 
 Dairy/Frozen Associate 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 A great attitude 
 Desire to join a successful team 
 Attention to detail, so the store always looks great 
 Great customer assistance, so everyone gets exactly what they needed 
 Willingness to help solve problems 
 Your winning smile 
 Yes, that smile you already have 
 Seriously, it’s a great smile. Look in the mirror. 
 See? We told you so! 
 
 Walmart Canada is one of Canada’s largest employers and is ranked as one of the country’s top 10 most influential brands… but what really sets us apart in the industry is our incredible team. We’re committed to supporting our communities and supporting one another, and those values have cultivated a culture where everyone is welcome and each team member feels they truly belong. 
 Whether you’re looking for opportunities to grow your career long-term, or simply seeking a great place to work part-time, this is that place. 
 Minimum Qualifications...Outlined below are the required minimum qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no minimum qualifications. 
 Age - 16 or older 
 Preferred Qualifications...Outlined below are the optional preferred qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no preferred qualifications. 
 Walmart will accommodate the disability-related needs of applicants and associates as required by law. 
 What you'll do... 
FRESH ROLES IN THE FRESHEST WORKPLACE AROUND Our workplace smells better than yours does. At Walmart Canada, our Fresh Food associates have been combining the freshness, quality, and selection that customers expect, with the sense of caring and community that Walmart is known for—and it’s a winning combination. Since expanding our offerings to include Fresh Food services, we continue to attract even more customers across the country who love our one-stop shop. And we owe that success to our incredible team. Whether it’s baking fresh treats, artfully decorating cakes for any occasion, preparing hot meals in the deli, or displaying a full assortment of produce, our Fresh Food Associates take pride in sending our customers home with a basketful of delicious. And they do it with a smile—because watching people’s eyes light up when they find exactly what they want is a perk of the job that never gets old. Our stellar team is seeking applicants with the following traits: - Positive attitude - Great listening skills - Strong communication - Friendly demeanor - Inquisitive mind - Energetic - Outgoing - Welcoming - Fun - Helpful - Happy to help! At Walmart, every role matters. That’s why we proudly offer benefits to part-time associates and PT Flex roles with the flexibility of more hours when needed, and fewer when they’re not needed, allowing time for the other important things in your life. If you love people and want to work with a winning team that sees every customer as the unique, valued individual that they are, then we can’t wait to meet you. Realize your potential with Walmart—apply today. Fresh Department Opportunities: - Bakery Associate - Cake Decorator - Deli Associate - Meat Stocker - Produce Associate - Dairy/Frozen Associate Qualifications: - A great attitude - Desire to join a successful team - Attention to detail, so the store always looks great - Great customer assistance, so everyone gets exactly what they needed - Willingness to help solve problems - Your winning smile - Yes, that smile you already have - Seriously, it’s a great smile. Look in the mirror. - See? We told you so! Walmart Canada is one of Canada’s largest employers and is ranked as one of the country’s top 10 most influential brands… but what really sets us apart in the industry is our incredible team. We’re committed to supporting our communities and supporting one another, and those values have cultivated a culture where everyone is welcome and each team member feels they truly belong. Whether you’re looking for opportunities to grow your career long-term, or simply seeking a great place to work part-time, this is that place. 
 Minimum Qualifications... 
 Outlined below are the required minimum qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no minimum qualifications. 
 Age - 16 or older 
 Preferred Qualifications... 
 Outlined below are the optional preferred qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no preferred qualifications. 
 Walmart will accommodate the disability-related needs of applicants and associates as required by law. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
