  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 WordPress Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance WordPress Developer ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/en/hire/wordpress) 
 5 hours ago 
 Tech Connect Featuring The Skills Of The Members 
 Published: 5 hours ago  Bids: 0 
 Tech Connect is a group of HUMSS Artistic Students, who created different ICT contents based on their talents and skills. Each member is assigned to create an output based on their chosen theme. Examples are text design and digital arts. 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Web design 
 What do you need?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  W. A. Philippines 
 Less than USD 50 
 16 hours ago 
 Start up branding 
 Published: 16 hours ago  Bids: 5 
 Need branding of my start up in analytics , will need branding guidelines, logo, small website, stationery design including banner, business card, letter head, mug, the website need to have at least 4 pages : home , about us, services, contact us 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Web design 
 What do you need?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  N. P. Last reply: 16 hours ago  Rwanda 
 USD 50 - 100 
 19 hours ago 
 Looking for an experienced web developer 
 Published: 19 hours ago  Bids: 10 
 I own and operate a company. I have been building the site myself and am finally realizing I need help as my time is limited. I have a CLEAR roadmap to get me to where I want to go and I need someone to work with me to build it. 
Some of the project work is as follows: 
 - Create product pages and/or landing pages 
- Create memberships 
- Create subscriptions 
- Create bookings and courses 
- Automate any communication 
 I currently use Wordpress with WooCommerce plug-ins to support bookings, memberships and subscriptions. I also have mailchimp for email communication. 
 My chosen website partner (because that's what I want you to be) will be expected to: 
- clearly communicate 
- provide updates weekly 
- ask for assets when needed 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new custom site 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have the design 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Roles needed  : Designer, Developer 
 Published by:  R. L. Last reply: 18 hours ago  Argentina 
 USD 500 - 1,000 
 22 hours ago 
 Design a website for a caregiving training company 
 Published: 22 hours ago  Bids: 10 
 I need a website for my company that provides training for caregivers for the elderly. We also deploy the caregivers that we have trained to clients who need our service. The training will be in a workshop format for beginner level and advance level. 
The website should contain the following: 
a.) A brief history of the company 
b.) The team members and their backgrounds 
c.) Our affiliations with our corporate and government partners 
d.) Our training content and pricing 
e.) Pictures of our training session. We need you to find non copyright restriction pictures as we will be having our first training only in February 2021 
f.) Methods on how clients can reach to us if they need caregivers that we have trained 
g.) Other trainings that we are providing such as English, French, Tamil, Korean, Japanese, Mandarin and Arabian Language for caregivers that are preparing to go abroad to work. 
 I need the website to be ready by end of January 2021. I am targeting this training for Malaysians and foreign nationals who are in Malaysia. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web design 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new custom design 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have an idea 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Social media (Facebook, Twitter, etc.), Payment Processor (Paypal, Stripe, etc.) 
 Specific need  : Create a WordPress site 
 Published by:  F. A. R. Last reply: 22 hours ago  Malaysia 
 USD 100 - 250 
 Yesterday 
 Cannabis crowdfunding campaign 
 Published: Yesterday  Bids: 1 
 Marketing and strategy. To raise seed money. First round need $6.5NZD. 
Using Crowdfunder USA site. Already have material and website  www.Zphinx.co 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : SEO 
 What do you need?  : Implement SEO plan 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  I. New Zealand 
 USD 50 - 100 
 Yesterday 
 Plugin Wp Hide / Appear Some Fields Before / After Paiement. 
 Published: Yesterday  Bids: 1 
 Good day, 
 plugin wp hide / appear some fields before / after paiement. 
 Looking for a strong technician wordpress webmaster to develop a tailor-made plugin for Wordpress / Woocommerce. 
 Your plugin will : 
 1. hide some product fields before paiement, when product is published. 
2. Send all fields details to product's buyer right after paiement is validated. 
 Your plugin MUST : 
 - Resist Wordpress / PHP 8 and Later 'core' updates. 
- Use a language well known around the world. 
 Hope your proposition. 
 Regards, 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new custom site 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  O. G. Last reply: 19 hours ago  Mexico Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 100 - 250 
 Yesterday 
 Ebook Project 
 Published: Yesterday  Bids: 2 
 I would like to turn my website into an ebook online store in which I can sell ebooks and offer free ones to download for free. I'm considering not to change the blog page. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : E-commerce 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have an idea 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Payment Processor (Paypal, Stripe, etc.), Social media (Facebook, Twitter, etc.) 
 Roles needed  : Design a landing page 
 Published by:  J. A. Canada 
 USD 50 - 100 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
