  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Cambridge, England 
 Rate:  £30 - £32 per hour 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Senior Drug Safety Associate 
 My client, a leading pharmaceutical company based in Cambridge, are currently searching for an experienced Senior Drug Safety Associate to join their team on an initial 12 month contract basis. 
 Responsibilities 
 , Legislation: Maintains own current knowledge of compliance with local safety regulations. 
 , Case management: Performs business critical "core" safety activities per legal deadlines, including intake of AE reports, follow up with HCPs for complete data, ICSR & aggregate safety report submission to regulators. 
 Handling safety enquiries received to the departmental inbox from both internal and external stakeholders. 
 Review metrics to monitor MHRA & HPRA submission compliance. 
 Risk Management; Assist with submission of safety risk communications (e.g. 
 Dear Investigator Letter, Urgent Safety Measures, Risk Minimisation Materials etc) in conjunction with Regulatory Affairs, Clinical and Medical Departments. 
 , Key contact; Serves as key contact for defined safety activities within the affiliate. 
 , Cross-functional work; Collaborate with other affiliate departments including medical and commercial, to provide safety input into cross-functional initiatives (e.g. 
 Patient Support Programs). 
 Ensure PV compliance in these initiatives while understanding local business needs. 
 , Training; Delivers safety reporting training for local affiliate staff and external service providers. 
 , PV Review; May assist with safety review of local study protocols, market research programs and social media projects. 
 , Audit; Assists safety team during audits and inspections of PV operations. 
 , Support; Assist Global Safety Manager or Senior Global Safety Manager with provision of safety activities to support the local business; assist with issue resolution where necessary. 
 Experiance Required 
 
 
 Teamwork and Cooperation; the intention to work cooperatively with team members and those outside the team. 
 
 
 3 years of PV/Drug Safety experience 
Analytical Thinking; Ability to analyse problems/issues and determine the most appropriate course of action based on that analysis within defined policies and procedures. 
 
 
 Customer Service Orientation; focusing efforts on discovering and meeting the customer or clients needs. 
 
 
 Initiative; the identification of a problem, obstacle or opportunity, and taking action. 
 
 
 Information Seeking; driven by a desire to understand and know more about people, things or issues. 
 
 
 Relationship Building; builds and maintains warm relationships with networks of people. 
 
 
 Drive for Excellence; the intention to work to high standards and personally striving to improve. 
 
 
 Graduate with life science or healthcare degree and proven relevant industry experience within pharmacovigilance. 
 
 
 Understanding of the importance of pharmacovigilance in ethical pharmaceutical marketing and development. 
 
 
 Use of MS Office products to a competent standard - Word, Excel, Powerpoint. 
 
 
 Experience with Safety Databases, particularly ARGUS, would be desirable. 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  12 Months 
 
 
 Rate:  £30 - £32 per hour 
 
 
 Location:  Cambridge, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Pharmaceutical 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Key People 
 
 
 Tel:  +44 (0)1727 817 626 
 
 
 Fax:  01727 844 838 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-22 21:52:24 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Key People  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Key People 
 
 Electronics Engineer PCB Layout Designer  
 Regulatory Affairs Manager - Berkshire 
 Regulatory Affairs Consultant - 12 month contract 
 Regulatory Affairs Manager - 12 month contract - Oxford 
 Senior Regulatory Manager - 12 month contract 
 PV Consultant - 12 month contract 
 Regulatory Medical Writer 
 Senior PV Analyst - 12 month contract 
 Safety Scientist 
 Safety Scientist - 12 Month Contract 
 Senior Regulatory Affairs Executive 
 Regulatory Affairs Officer 
 Supply Chain Planner 
 Senior Regulatory Manager - 12 month contract 
 Senior PV Process Scientist - 12 month contract 
 Health and Safety Inspector 
 Associate Director, Pharmacovigilance 
 Senior Regulatory Associate - 12 month contract 
 Senior Biostatistician - Paris based 
 Environmental Health and Safety Manager 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
