  
 Menu Bar 
 
 __ 
 
 Go 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Job Search 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 New Graduates 
 Job Sites & Resources 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 
 
 Networking 
 
 Networking Tips 
 Networking Etiquette 
 Networking Events 
 Social Media & Online Networking 
 Elevator Speech 
 Informational Interviews 
 Networking Mistakes 
 FAQ About Networking 
 
 
 
 Cover Letter 
 
 Cover Letter Tips 
 Cover Letter Format 
 Cover Letter Samples 
 Cover Letter Mistakes 
 FAQ About Cover Letter Writing 
 
 
 
 Resume 
 
 Resume Tips 
 Resume Format 
 Resume Template 
 Resume Samples 
 Customizing Your Resume 
 Resume Formatting 
 Ideas & Alternatives 
 Resume Mistakes 
 Resume Writers 
 FAQ About Resume Writing 
 
 
 
 Interview 
 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Questions 
 Interview Skills 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Mistakes 
 Follow Up Interview Email 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Career Advancement 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 Continuing Education 
 Productivity 
 Work Relationships 
 Work Environment 
 Work Life Balance 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 
 Go 
 
  Home   
  Interview   
 How to Ask for Interview Feedback When You Don't Get the Job 
 
 How to Ask for Interview Feedback When You Don't Get the Job 
 by Pete Leibman 
 When an employer rejects you after an interview, there is unfortunately no incentive for them to explain to you why you were not hired. In fact, there are actually some incentives for them to offer no explanation at all. They don't want to run the risk of citing any reason that could open them up to a lawsuit, and they don't want to enter into an argument with you either. 
 As a result, it's pointless to ask why you didn't get hired. They probably aren't going to respond or give you the real reason anyway, and this question will sound confrontational, no matter how delicately you choose your words. Instead, you should ask what you can do to enhance your candidacy for future opportunities. 
 It's wise to ask for feedback in this case by sending an email. This way, the hiring person has some time to choose if/how to respond to you. It's also easier for them to respond to an email than if you send a letter and expect them to take the initiative to send you a written/email response in return. Here is an example of what you could write in an email to the hiring person if you are not chosen for a job: 
 
 Dear Mr. Interviewer, 
 While I'm disappointed that you have chosen another candidate for this position, I appreciate the opportunity to interview with you. 
 Since I'm always looking for ways to grow professionally, do you have any suggestions on what I can do to enhance my candidacy for future opportunities _________ (i.e. in this field, with your organization, etc.)? 
 I respect your opinion and appreciate any feedback you might have. 
 Thank you again for your time and consideration. 
 Sincerely, 
John Smith 
 
 This approach is much more effective than the "why didn't you hire me?" approach for a few reasons. First of all, it puts the emphasis on you rather than the employer and implies that you respect their decision (even if you don't understand it). Secondly, this approach demonstrates a desire to improve yourself, a trait that every employer respects. 
 While the employer might not offer a clear answer (or any answer at all), it's possible you may gain valuable feedback on how to improve your chances for employment with their organization or with others. If nothing else, you position yourself as a proactive, self-motivated candidate who understands the importance of professional development. By remaining professional and courteous, you also keep the door open for future opportunities. 
 One of the success stories featured in my new book used this exact technique to land his dream job right out of college. After being rejected for a position with Polaris Industries, Austin Moyer sent an email to every person he knew within the company to ask what he could do to enhance his candidacy for the future. 
 The result? When another position became available one week later, the organization brought him back in for another interview, and he ultimately got hired! 
 In summary, if you get rejected for a job interview, don't get bitter. Instead, ask how you can get better. You might be pleasantly surprised what can happen with this approach. 
 
 Pete Leibman is the Founder of Dream Job Academy and the Author of I Got My Dream Job and So Can You: 7 Steps to Creating Your Ideal Career After College . His work has been featured on Fox, CBS, and CNN, and he's been invited to speak at some of the world's best colleges, including Stanford University and Johns Hopkins University. 
 Interview Center 
 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Questions 
 Interview Skills 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Mistakes 
 Follow Up Interview Email 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 Recommended Articles 
 
 Job Interviews: More Success Secrets You Really Need to Know  
 Employment Interviewing: The Winning Strategy  
 Five Tips to Improve Your Job Interview  
 10 Body Language Errors to Avoid at Your Next Job Interview  
 Communication Strategies for Women in the Job Interview  
 When to Schedule a Job Interview  
 10 Tips to Set Up a Great Mock Interview  
 Ask Insightful Questions at the Job Interview Using the Gravitas Model  
 
 FAQ 
 
 What Questions to Ask During a Job Interview? 
 What to Wear for a Job Interview? 
 How to Answer Interview Questions? 
 How to Ask for Feedback When You Did Not Land the Job? 
 What Your Non-Verbal Communication Says About You and How to Fix It? 
 How to Make a Good Impression (Visually)? 
 How to Prepare for a Phone Interview? 
 What Is an Informal Interview and How to Approach It? 
 
 Interview Center 
 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Questions 
 Interview Skills 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Mistakes 
 Follow Up Interview Email 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 Become a Contributor 
 We are always on the lookout for good writers. If you are a resume writer, career coach or human resources professional and would like to contribute, please  get in touch  and earn your badge! 
 
 WorkBloom's goal is to help you find work and reach your highest aspirations, one step at a time. 
 Featured Resources 
 
 Resume Writing 101  __ 
 Over 300 Resume Samples  __ 
 Cover Letter Writing 101  __ 
 Over 200 Cover Letter Samples  __ 
 The Holland Codes / RIASEC  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Job Search Center  __ 
 Networking Center  __ 
 Cover Letter Center  __ 
 Resume Center  __ 
 Interview Center  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Career Center  __ 
 Students & New Graduates Center  __ 
 Contributors  __ 
 Contact Us  __ 
 
 Copyright © 2006-2020 | All Rights Reserved |  Privacy Policy 
 × 
 Send 
