TBB Reality 
 Where Reality TV meets Real Life 
 Main menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Biographies 
 Interviews 
 
 Real Housewives of Orange County 
 Real Housewives of New Jersey 
 Real Housewives of Atlanta 
 Real Housewives of New York City 
 Real Housewives of Beverly Hills 
 Mobwives 
 Real Housewives of Miami 
 Real Housewives of DC 
 Million Dollar Listing 
 Top Chef 
 Other Shows 
 
 
 Features 
 
 Events 
 Gossip 
 Reviews 
 Recaps 
 
 RHOBH 
 RHOM 
 Bachelor/Bachelorette 
 Newlyweds 
 
 
 Guest Authors 
 Contests 
 
 
 Real Housewives of NJ 
 
 RHONJ Interviews 
 RHONJ Events 
 RHONJ Recaps 
 RHONJ Bonus! 
 Moms Thoughts and TBB-RHONJ on the Radio! 
 
 
 TBBonTV 
 TBB Lifestyle 
 
 TBB Diary 
 Recipes 
 Beauty/Health/Wellness 
 Interior Design 
 Celeb Encounters/Misc 
 Looking Real HW Rich 
 
 
 Photo Gallery 
 Be On TBB! 
 Contact Us 
 
 Search 
 GO 
 
 Twitter 
 
   
 November 6, 2013 
 My Most Important Job 
 
 14 Comments 
 
 By Lesley Rousso 
 I'm a stay at home Mom by choice and by circumstance, and I consider myself lucky. I've been married to my attorney husband for almost fifteen years. We have three children, two boys; thirteen and eleven, and a girl who is seven. From a very young age all I ever wanted to be was a mommy. Well, also a fashion designer, veterinarian and movie star but those were just phases. Being a mom always remained consistent. 
 I had my first child at twenty-seven, and dove in. Needless to say it was a lot different from what I expected. I don't care how much you've babysat, how many nieces and nephews you have, being a first time parent is a shock to the system. Luckily, I had an easy birth and I didn't have postpartum depression. I also had an unbeliveably good baby who really wasn't fussy and spent most of his time being happy. So what am I complaining about you ask? Nothing really concrete, just the shock of having to wake up in the middle of the night (that was a tough one for me) and trying to figure out how to pack a virtual suitcase every time I left the house with him. I got the hang of it though and by baby number two, a nice surprise twenty-one months later, it was a piece of cake. When my daughter came along four years later, I was a pro. 
 Now, just like my pal Tara, it's a juggling act, but for different reasons. Activities to be taken to, homework and projects, friends over, and a lot more, all times three. Somedays, the only place I actually sit down is in my car while I play chauffeur. I am fortunate that I can stay home every day with them. I rarely miss anything. I am at every school event, game, recital, you name it. Often I feel taken for granted though. They expect a lot from me, which they should, I'm their mother and I chose to be so, but I would be lying if I didn't say that I crave alone time. Now while Tara just  needs that twenty minutes to go to a parade , I'll admit, sometimes I'm like, "Shit, another show to go to?". 
 These days while my kids are at school all day, if I'm not at  Target  or  Nordstrom  , you can often just find me right here, at home. It's the simple pleasure of being ALONE with nobody talking to me. I've always loved "me" time, and being a stay-at-home mom of three, I get very little of it. When they're at school, it's quiet and I can actually get things accomplished. Most of the time these accomplishments involve laundry, but who cares? I can watch my DVR'd shows in peace while I fold. Other times, like today, I'm writing an article. I really thank Tara for the opportunity to write for her, basically based on my tweets alone, she gave me that chance. It's been super fulfilling for me in only a way that  it  can be. I love my "mommy job" but it's amazing to write something, and then realize people are actually reading it and they like it. And, not a single one of them is asking me for chocolate milk. I also have a couple of other little businesses, making hair accessories and dabbling in graphic design and video. Guess I got that creative gene. 
 I wouldn't trade my Mommy job for the world and I know one day my kids will look back and (hopefully), feel grateful that they had a mom that could devote so much time to them. I hope they remember my hard work, planning their birthday parties and schlepping them around, making sure everyone got what they needed. I also hope they are proud of me for my other accomplishments, like my writing. I think being gratified in that way, having that article to write, which is solely my own, makes me better at my most important job, Mommy. 
 Are you a working mom or a stay at home mom? What are your thoughts on the subject? Your answer could win you our  Housewife Hot Item  of the month! This month we are giving away  Wrapadoo  gift cards! For more information click  here! 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 
 Posted by  mommyrou  in  Features ,  TBB Diary 
 
 About mommyrou 
 I am a Miami raised wife and mom of three. Actually six if you count my 3 dogs. I have always been a TV junkie and I'm not embarrassed to admit it! 
  View all posts by mommyrou ->  
 Post navigation 
 <- Wrap Someone Up This Holiday Season! 
 Reality Roundup -> 
 14 thoughts on "My Most Important Job" 
 
 
 Pingback:  Wrap Someone Up This Holiday Season! | TBB Reality 
 
 
 tbbreality says: 
 
 
  November 6, 2013 at 8:46 PM  
 You are welcome for the opportunity! As a working mother…not my choice I might add, what always gets me is the SAHMs talking about all they do for their families, often forgetting that those of us who work outside the home have to do all of that stuff on top of working. It's stress beyond stress for many. I assume there are women who LOVE what they do, but many people don't, and it's bosses and families making demands. In that situation the anxiety is almost unbearable. 
 Reply 
 
 Marta says: 
 
  November 6, 2013 at 9:09 PM  
 Great blog today! Now please run me over some chocolate milk. 😎 
 Sent from my iPhone 
 
 
 Reply 
 * [mommyrou](http://etsy.com/shop/RirisHairTies) says:
 
  November 7, 2013 at 7:04 AM  
 I'll be right there 🙂 
 Reply 
 
 LauraRHONC (@LauraRHONC)  says: 
 
  November 6, 2013 at 9:28 PM  
 Wow Lesley, I swear you were writing about my life. It's nice to know that someone has the same thoughts about motherhood as I do. I always like to say Diapers, Dishes and Driving is how I spend my Days. I am always so busy, I don't know how working mothers do it. I can't imagine what it must be like for them. I feel they have such a harder task then I, however they will reap the benefit of providing a financially stable home. I chose to stay home since we had twins when we were 20 years old. I wouldn't make enough working full time and paying daycare. My husband worked three jobs for 5 years until we got steady on our feet. Then I was hooked when they started school I just couldn't bear to not be home for them. I joined PTA and swiftly became president. I was volunteering every day all day at the kids schools. I was offered so many jobs but turned them down for fear of not being 100% there for the kids. That lasted until middle school was over for them. I started to stay at home and to care for my newborn niece. My sisters #Priceless miracle. Then along came baby #3 our singleton baby boy. What a surprise that was. Who knew you still needed birth control 13 years later! 😜 that was the craziest year of our lives we went from being a family of four for 13 years to a family of 6. My husbands developmentally delayed sister had to move in with us. She is constantly going to activities. my friend and i even started a special needs weekly improv class for her and her friends. It's been quite a ride thus far and now the twins just got their learner a permits. God help me I'm gonna be gray at 35! I truly appreciate reading about your juggling act learning I'm not alone in my thoughts and experiences. This is why I love Bravo so much it's my escape from my daily tasks without going out and causing personal drama I just watch others. Makes life so much easier. 
 Reply 
 * [mommyrou](http://etsy.com/shop/RirisHairTies) says:
 
  November 7, 2013 at 7:14 AM  
 Wow Laura, you definitely have a lot on your plate. I'm not sure either how working moms do it. And I'm not talking about the ones with nannies or live in help. I cannot imagine working full time and then coming home to do all the stuff I get done during the day. Like I said, I crave those moments of being by myself. I cherish those, whether I'm cooking, cleaning, or writing because they're few and far between. Yesterday I spent from 2 to 7 just driving back and forth. My husband is a big help but let's face it, he's not me. There are some things only I can do. It's a tough job a lot of the time but I wouldn't trade it for anything. 
 Reply 
 
 mommyrou  says: 
 
  November 7, 2013 at 5:26 PM  
 Reblogged this on  Hmmm:  and commented: 
My latest on TBBreality 
 Reply 
 
 makeuprshutup  says: 
 
  November 8, 2013 at 3:53 PM  
 I quit working in 96 to have babies, and six of them later, I'm still at home with them. Son many times I have thought about how much fun it would be to get a part time job, but it never happens because I always worry about how it will affect my family. Will I be there to do homework? Will I miss a soccer game? I just can't bring myself to sacrifice those things, just yet. 
 Reply 
 
 KT says: 
 
  November 8, 2013 at 6:27 PM  
 I am a working mom due to necessity, not choice. However, my son is in school while I am at work. 
 I think each family has to do whatever is best for them and their situation. 
 Reply 
 
 Kitty says: 
 
  November 27, 2013 at 2:16 PM  
 I want a Wrapadoo… 
 Reply 
 
 Sandra Rivera says: 
 
  November 30, 2013 at 3:19 AM  
 I need a Wrapadoo in my life! 
 Reply 
 
 Lori  says: 
 
  November 30, 2013 at 10:47 PM  
 Love this article and I can definitely relate to the wanting alone time. I only have one child, a very active almost 4 yr old but I also work a full time and part time job. I feel guilty that i have to work as much as I do and so I want to spend as much time with my son as possible. Yet between that and cleaning, doing laundry and paying the bills……there is very very rarely any me time. Notice I didn't say cooking? I do waaaayy too much to do the cooking as well. Thanks for the article again. Its nice to be able to relate!!! 
 Reply 
 * tbbreality says:
 
  December 1, 2013 at 1:09 AM  
 Lori, I can relate to you! I have the FT job and the side businesses (TBB & my NFP Priceless Life Fund Inc.) I used to cook all the time…these days not so much. Thanks for reading and commenting. Hang in there! 
 Reply 
 * [mommyrou](http://mommyrou.wordpress.com) says:
 
  December 2, 2013 at 5:13 PM  
 Thanks Lori! I actually don't mind cooking, when it's one meal and not five separate ones. Try to find some spare time to yourself, even if it's just a few minutes. Glad you enjoyed the article 🙂 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Search for: 
 Archives 
 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 %d bloggers like this: 
