  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Instagram Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance Instagram Specialist ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/en/hire/instagram) 
 1 week ago 
 Social Media Manager, Virtual Assistant 
 Published: 1 week ago  Bids: 1 
 Company Background: Athena CPAs and Advisors LLC is an accounting firm that provides consulting auditing services, with 3 years of experience. We service small and medium-size companies with attestation services, which include financial statement reviews and audits. We are in the search of a reliable, flexible, organized, and detailed-oriented Audit Associate to support us in growing the business and that wants to grow with us, to elevate the user experience for our customers. 
 You will be responsible: 
•    Working closely with the founder on multiple supporting / assisting activities. 
•    Social Media management (scheduling/photo editing/hashtag research and more). 
•    Data collection and data entry tasks. 
 •    Web and market research. 
•    Finding Emails/Contact details from Websites. Email list building. 
 LinkedIn search. Lead generation. 
•    Basic graphic design and photo editing activities. 
 •    Formatting documentation and presentations. Proofreading. 
•    Production of reports. 
 •    Scraping and Extracting data from the Websites. 
•    Addressing of reviews, feedback and defects or enhancements raised against the deliverables. 
•    Attending agile ceremonies to check on progress and agree next steps.. 
 Your essential skills and experience: 
•    Excellent communication skills, detailed-oriented, and fast learner. 
•    Positive attitude and demonstrate a willingness to learn 
•    Work constructively with the manager, sharing responsibility, providing support, maintaining communication, and updating senior team members on progress 
•    Contribute ideas/opinions to the assurance teams and listen/respond to other assurance team members' views 
•    Demonstrate professionalism and competence in the audit client's environment 
•    Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English 
•    Excellent MS Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint) 
•    Video conferencing tools (Zoom, Google Meet). 
•    Ability to work in a lean-agile development environment. 
 Desired Skills 
•    Transcription and production of training material (if you don’t have experience on this, we can train you to augment your skill set). 
•    Experience working for the education sector. 
•    Experienced with Canva, Zoho. 
 •    Experienced with Trello / Confluence and Slack. 
•    Fluent Spanish is a plus 
 Additional Information: 
•    The initial phase of work should take up to 20 hours (spread over 4 weeks). 
•    Ongoing potential development work, beyond this first assignment, will last several months. 
 There is plenty of work to do - we look to establish a nourishing relationship with longevity where you feel valued and there is mutual trust; our intention is not to just have a “one gig” type of work. 
•    Work will be carried out remotely. You should be available to chat on progress and answer any questions Mondays and/or Wednesdays and/or Fridays from 10 am to 2 pm est (these are the core hours). 
 •    It is your responsibility to ensure that you have a highly reliable and rapid internet connection as well as a machine to ensure you are reachable on core hours, that you can take video calls, and in essence to ensure that you can collaborate and work as part of the team. 
 Our values and your personality – We take this part very seriously, so you should not apply if the below does not resonate with you: 
•    Quality: We provide unsurpassed service that, together, deliver premium value to our customers. 
•    Integrity: We uphold the highest standards of integrity in all our actions. 
•    Teamwork: We work together, across boundaries, to meet the needs of our customers, and to help our Company win. 
 •    Respect for People: We value our people, encourage their development, and reward their performance. 
•    A Will to Win: We exhibit a strong will to win in the marketplace and every aspect of our business. 
•    Personal Accountability: We are personally accountable for delivering on our commitments. 
 •    Trust, Sincerity & Respect: best relationships are based on mutual trust and respect. We are feedback seekers and givers as this unleash the utmost quality to our customers. 
•    Relentless Humility: We do not like drama. 
 We believe in Good Karma. 
 If you are looking to work in a large corporation and your sole motivator is short-term financial compensation or if working in a place with an unhealthy and toxic culture is something you do not mind, you should not apply. If all this sounds like the place you would like to join, you should apply! 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Images for social networks 
 What do you need?  : Find free-to-use images 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  L. Z. Last reply: 6 days ago  United States 
 USD 50 - 100 
 2 weeks ago 
 Social Media Mannager/Salesman/Internet Expert 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Bids: 3 
 I need a social media manager for my design company, in order to find online work that I can develop. 
Our payment is commission based. 
What we exactly need is somebody who searches and gets internet design jobs for us. 
 These are some of our works. 
 https://drive.google.com/drive/folders/1uxhu6MYuaia9SxZHsPjiP38E9LntxnjX?usp=sharing 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Large 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  R. Argentina 
 USD 100 - 250 
 2 weeks ago 
 Content creator for Ig feed and Ig story 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Bids: 7 
 Hello, 
I require the one can cooperate with to create ideas of content and making hashtags to boost up my small business. My brand is ChocCoats and I'm selling Homemade kek batik. 
I only need somebody to work 3 hours per week to make content of 3 to 5 ig feed and 5 to 8 ig story per day and . 
It is acceptable if can write minimum for 4 days content as i can use it repeatedly. 
You just need to write it on somewhere, even can use notepad then just send me through email or whatsapp. 
Once the work is done, you could send to me immediately. 
I will make the correction. I will list out the product details and requirements for every content. 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Small 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  Y. F. Malaysia 
 Less than USD 50 
 Last month 
 Social Media Community Manager for Summer camp 
 Published: Last month  Project duration: 1 - 2 months Bids: 9 
 Hello, I am in need of a Social Media Community Manager for Summer camp to help manage the company's brand personality online, develop strong relationships with the online community as well as manage/create posts on fb and ig. This person should also be able to find FB groups to join, relevant to the market, and establish a relationship with the community, develop and improve our following. 
 Email Marketing Experience preferred!  This person will also be tasked to provide 6-month social media advertising/community management plan specific to the industry. 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Advertising on Google, Facebook 
 What do you need?  : Small campaigns, for few products or services 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 Published by:  L. T. Last reply: Last month  United States 
 USD 20 - 30 / hour 
 Last month 
 Instagram posts & stories 
 Published: Last month  Bids: 20 
 Hi i need at least 3 high quality stories and posts designed daily for my digital marketing company social medias i need the designer to be professional and know how to make branded & signature designs 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Images for social networks 
 What do you need?  : Create new images from scratch 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  P. Malaysia 
 Less than USD 50 
 Last month 
 Community Manager for Thai market (remote) 
 Published: Last month  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 2 
 We are looking for a native-level Thai Community Manager to remotely join our regional team and help us to improve our online brand reputation onThai market. If you are a tech-savvy professional and a social media enthusiast with experience using Facebook and Instagram, we would like to meet you! 
 This job is for you if you are confident with digital technology, and you know the latest trends in social media and best practice like the back of your hand. We are looking for an experienced commercial community and social media manager with knowledge in Thai market and trends. 
 We are looking for a Thai native fluent in English or Spanish that can work fully remotely. 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Community Management 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Full time 
 Published by:  M. L. Last reply: Last month  Thailand 
 Less than USD 10 / hour 
 Last month 
 Looking For Social Media Wizard/Manager Passionate About Diversity+... 
 Published: Last month  Bids: 1 
 Looking for a Social Media Manager to help with organic growth and increase engagement. 
 about you: 
social media lights you up and you’re that person who’s always the first to use new tools. You are passionate about getting the audience engaged and won't settle until your posts are performing beyond our expectations and getting your client’s passion to go viral. 
 You are a young excited person who is always the first one to test everything. You’re creative and have a good eye to know what looks good and also performs. 
 You are always testing new things to see what works and give your clients the best experience. 
 You have the ability to: 
Write KILLER content that keep people engaged 
You’re at home on Twitter, IG, LinkedIn and YouTube and know how to make all platforms work for your clients 
Transform book content into awesome engaging content 
Seamlessly switch between Portuguese and English 
See gaps where switching things up makes more sense 
Prioritize tasks 
Make quick decisions 
Friends may call you a social media ninja, and engagement wiz. 
 You are a creator and blogger by passion. A Storyteller. A Yang vibrant energy. 
 You have an unshakeable calm, peace, and level-headedness, and see your client's success as your own. 
 OBJECTIVE: 
- Continue to build brand identity through Instagram 
- Generate leads through organic content 
- Nurture existing leads 
- Increase organic reach and communicate with audience 
 PROJECT SCOPE: 
- Monthly Social Media Strategy sessions via call or emails 
- Create original Social Media content (Feed, Stories, Reel and whatever new tool gets released) 
- Create monthly content calendar 
- Post at least x3 posts per week on feed 
- Post enough stories per day to keep audience excited (including reposting content from like-mind CEOs) 
- Engage in community management, reply to comments and DMs (engage in DMs providing lead generation) 
- Bio Optimization 
- Hashtag strategy 
- Write converting captions 
- Engagement and management after the post goes live (30-60min per post) 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Community Management 
 What do you need?  : Mid-level brand, low engagement 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  T. M. D. United States 
 Less than USD 50 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
