Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Senior Research Accountant 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 UJD216 
 Job Description 
 Unit/Project Description 
 McMaster University is a leading research-intensive institution with thousands of research awards receives hundreds of millions of dollars in research funding each year. With each of these awards is an obligation to submit financial reports to the sponsors. Research Finance is seeking a high energy Senior Research Accountant with a positive attitude to ensure research submissions, funding agreements, budgets, financial transactions and financial reports comply with research contracts and current University and granting agency policies. 
 Job Summary 
 Responsible for managing the financial activities of a portfolio of research projects involving University commitments, inter-institutional and private sector partnerships, as well as federal and provincial granting agencies. 
 Purpose and Key Functions 
 Develop customized spreadsheets for ad-hoc reports, queries, and financial analysis. 
Create forecasting and budgeting templates. 
Facilitate and participate in working groups to streamline and improve research finance internal controls and respond to audit recommendations. 
Attend and participate in research group and departmental meetings. 
Interpret and communicate applicable financial policies, procedures and guidelines to researchers and administrative personnel. 
Develop strategies for improving the efficiency and effectiveness of maximizing fund usage. 
Ensure research submissions, funding agreements, budgets, financial transactions, and financial reports comply with research contracts and current University and granting agency policies. 
Monitor the financial status of projects. 
Identify and resolve financial issues with projects. 
Generate invoices for granting agencies and ensure the collection of funds. 
Notify researchers and administrative personnel of account overdrafts and work with them to clear overdrafts. 
Develop and deliver training and information sessions. 
Scrutinize research contracts, policies, and guidelines for minor changes. 
Maintain the confidentiality of research funding and contract information. 
 Supervision 
 Provide direction to others on how to carry out work tasks. 
 Provide orientation and show procedures to others. 
 Requirements 
 Bachelor’s degree in Business Administration or related field. 
 Completion of advanced level courses of a recognized Canadian accounting designation. 
 Requires a minimum of 3 years of relevant experience. 
 Assets 
 Required skill set and proven experience: 
Proficient in Excel – VLOOKUP’s with multiple data sources, pivot tables, macros, etc. 
Ability to analyze large data sets and extract meaningful information 
Proven high level of accuracy and analytical skills 
Demonstrated team player 
Ability to identify opportunities for improvement 
High level of customer service 
 How To Apply 
 To apply for this job, please submit your application online. 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and within the lands protected by the “Dish With One Spoon” wampum agreement. 
 The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. 
 The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity and inclusion, who will contribute to the diversification of ideas and perspectives, and especially welcomes applications from indigenous (First Nations, Métis or Inuit) peoples, members of racialized communities, persons with disabilities, women, and persons who identify as 2SLGBTQ+. 
 As part of McMaster’s commitment, all applicants are invited to complete a confidential Applicant Diversity Survey through the online application submission process. The Survey questionnaire requests voluntary self-identification in relation to equity-seeking groups that have historically faced and continue to face barriers in employment. Please refer to the Applicant Diversity Survey - Statement of Collection for additional information. 
 Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact: 
 Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247), or 
Faculty of Health Sciences HR Office at ext. 22207, or 
School of Graduate Studies at ext. 23679 
 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
