Skip to content 
 
 Lincoln and Mexico Project 
 An international project to inform and educate people about Abraham Lincoln's support for Mexico 
 Menu 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Google+ 
 
 
 GitHub 
 
 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
   
 A Republican President Who Risked His Career to Support Mexico 
 The  Dallas Morning News  published a very good commentary August 25, 2019, by historian/educator Michael Hogan explaining why educators and students should discuss historical relations between the USA and Mexico. Here's the full text: 
 At a time when much of border politics revolves around inflammatory rhetoric and divisive arguments, including talk of a "Hispanic invasion," it would be useful to reflect on an earlier period of U.S.-Mexico relations and a Republican president who had a quite different view of that country and its people than today's incumbent  . 
 Few American students know that the 1846 invasion of Mexico by the U.S. deprived Mexico of almost half of its territory and resulted in the formation of several U.S. states, including California, New Mexico, Arizona, Utah and Nevada, as well as parts of Kansas, Oklahoma, Texas, Wyoming and Colorado. Few know that the treaty of Guadalupe Hidalgo, which officially ended the war in 1848, offered automatic citizenship to Mexicans in that captured territory, but the U.S. reneged on that provision. 
 When Abraham Lincoln was a first-term congressman from Illinois, he risked his political career by standing up in the House of Representatives and accusing President James Polk of invading Mexican territory without provocation and then misleading Congress to declare war on that country by claiming that "American blood was shed on American soil." In his remarks, Lincoln presented several "spot resolutions" asserting that any blood shed was on Mexican soil, and that the U.S. was the aggressor. 
 It did not go down well with Polk and his supporters. Lincoln was accused of giving aid and support to the enemy. Newspapers referred to him as "spotty Lincoln." Lincoln's Whig party would lose its majority in the House in 1848, and he would be defeated for the Senate race a few years later. 
 Lincoln was not the only prominent person who objected to the U.S. invasion. General Ulysses S. Grant, who was an Army captain and participated in the invasion, called it the "most unjust war ever waged by a stronger nation against a weaker" and considered resigning his commission. Henry David Thoreau wrote his famous essay "On Civil Disobedience" and went to jail in Concord, Mass., for refusing to pay taxes that he felt would go to support the war in Mexico. Former President John Quincy Adams was also strongly opposed. But Lincoln risked the most, and persisted well after the rest fell silent, despite warnings from his law partner and members of his own party. 
 Fourteen years later, in 1861, shortly after his surprise election to the presidency as a compromise Republican candidate, Lincoln welcomed Matías Romero, the Mexican ambassador, to his home in Springfield, Ill. The 24-year-old Romero was the first foreign ambassador that Lincoln met and entertained before his inauguration on March 4. The personal note Lincoln gave to Romero offered "sincere wishes for the happiness, prosperity and liberty of yourself, your government and its people." Dated Jan. 21, 1861, it is now on display in the Chicago History Museum. 
 In Washington D.C., the president and first lady became friends with Romero. After France invaded Mexico in 1863 and imposed the Archduke Maximilian on the throne, Lincoln covertly provided assistance to the exiled republican government of Benito Juárez. It was done secretly because Lincoln was afraid that if the French found out they might join forces with the Confederacy to defeat the Union. He and Mary Todd Lincoln introduced the young Romero (now an asylum seeker with no official status) to prominent bankers and investors so that he was able to raise over $14 million to arm and supply the Mexican Republican Army and defeat the French. 
 Lincoln and Juárez could not have been more different physically. Lincoln was 6 feet 4; Juárez 4 feet 6. One of Anglo-Scot stock, the other a Zapotec Indian. Yet they were both successful lawyers, both confirmed republicans, both committed to human rights, and both struggling to unite opposing forces within their countries. It is thanks to Lincoln that the U.S. is not a divided federation, and thanks to Juárez that Mexico is not a repressive monarchy. 
 There are statues of Lincoln in El Paso and Mexico City today, and he is the second most beloved U.S. president in Mexico. It is on his legacy that so many years of the "Good Neighbor Policy" pledged by Harry Truman during his 1948 visit to Mexico were based. During that visit to commemorate the 100th anniversary of the end of the war of with Mexico, Truman laid a wreath on the tomb of the  Niños Heroes  , the young cadets who gave their lives to protect that Mexican flag against the Yankee invaders. Their deaths marked a shameful episode which Lincoln acknowledged and sought to remedy, and one which Truman confirmed in his reconciliatory gesture. 
 A failure to teach the full and complex 19th century history of the U.S. and Mexico in U.S. classrooms has resulted in ignorance that helps feed anti-Mexico prejudice. Some textbooks today use terms such as "Westward Expansion," which obscure how and why the U.S. used its military superiority to acquire nearly half of Mexico as a result of the war. 
 Most historians also gloss over Polk's actions and how he misled Congress. The truth is in the Congressional Record and in battlefield journals, some of them stored in archives in both the U.S. and Mexico. To help educators and students learn from archival documents, the  Lincoln and Mexico Project  offers supplemental classroom materials including free lesson plans to interested teachers. In Texas, educators in 43 schools have received the materials for the coming academic year. 
 According to the College Board, each year about 500,000 students take the Advanced Placement U.S. history course. Recently, the board has approved teaching Lincoln "spot resolutions" as part of the course. Another 4 million 11th-graders are required to take some other form of U.S. history class each year. 
 Imagine the impact this next generation could have on the country if these students were to share this actual history, and what a fine model they would have of a Republican president who stood up for his neighbors in Mexico instead of castigating them, and who made amends for the expansionist exploits of the past. 
 In the final analysis, it is not facts that cause violence, but rhetoric based on ignorance. Much of the polarizing political words the president and others often use can be traced to a factually muddled 2012 blog post about the so-called Mexican invasion promoted by political commentator Pat Buchanan, who failed three times to win the Republican presidential nomination. 
 The fact is that the bulk of migration to our southern border today is people from Guatemala, El Salvador and Honduras fleeing gang violence, agricultural damage and economic exploitation by corporations dating back centuries. But it was likely inflammatory rhetoric and ignorance that inspired the Dallas-area shooter to target Mexican-Americans and Mexican citizens during back-to-school shopping in El Paso. Hopefully, we can stop incidents like that from re-occurring by taking steps today to see that our children know the facts of history. 
 Finally, the recent recognition by the Texas Board of Education that contributions of Mexican-Americans to the culture and the history of Texas need to be included in the curriculum is another important step that is long overdue. Children need to see their Latino neighbors as significant contributors to the culture and economy of this state and the nation. It is a modest beginning but an essential one that will change mere tolerance to abiding respect. 
 Michael Hogan is a former professor of international relations at the Universidad Autonoma de Guadalajara and emeritus humanities chair at the American School Foundation. His new book is   Abraham Lincoln and Mexico   . He wrote this column for The Dallas Morning News. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Author: LAMP 
 Co-founder of the Lincoln and Mexico Project. Email: lamp@lincolnandmexicoproject.org. USA: 619-246-4342. MX: +52-33-3676-5897   View all posts by LAMP  
 Author   LAMP Posted on  August 26, 2019August 26, 2019 
 2 thoughts on "A Republican President Who Risked His Career to Support Mexico" 
 
 jason silverman  says: 
 
 August 26, 2019 at 11:21 am 
 Thought you might be interested in posting this as well. 
 https://historynewsnetwork.org/article/172709 
 JHS 
 On Mon, Aug 26, 2019 at 10:17 AM Lincoln and Mexico Project wrote: 
 
 LAMP posted: "The Dallas Morning News published a very good commentary > August 25, 2019, by historian/educator Michael Hogan explaining why > educators and students should discuss historical relations between the USA > and Mexico. Here's the full text: At a time when much o" > 
 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 1. **[LAMP](http://lincolnandmexicoproject.wordpress.org)** says:
 
 August 26, 2019 at 12:24 pm 
 TY for feedback, Dr. Silverman. 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Previous post: How the Mexican-American War Began 
 Next Next post: Why History is Important 
 Recent Posts 
 
 National Park Service features book about Abraham Lincoln and Mexico  October 5, 2020 
 Abraham Lincoln documents are available online  September 16, 2020 
 Mexican President honors Abraham Lincoln  July 10, 2020 
 Videos about Lincoln's support for Mexico  June 22, 2020 
 Visit to Goliad  March 5, 2020 
 
 WELCOME! 
 The book "Abraham Lincoln and Mexico" is in the Abraham Lincoln Presidential Library, and available online from Amazon, Barnes&Noble, the iTunes store, and from independent bookstores at IndieBound.org. Enjoy your copy! 
 Abraham Lincoln and Mexico is on Facebook! Click the link below to visit the page, and give it a like to follow us. 
 
 Abraham Lincoln and Mexico is on Facebook! Click the link below to visit the page, and give it a like to follow us. 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. This blog relies on WordPress protections to comply with international requirements for privacy and security. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
 How the Mexican-American War Began 
 Lincoln Helped Mexico Defeat the French 
 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Archived posts 
 
 
 October 2020 
 
 
 September 2020 
 
 
 July 2020 
 
 
 June 2020 
 
 
 March 2020 
 
 
 February 2020 
 
 
 January 2020 
 
 
 December 2019 
 
 
 August 2019 
 
 
 May 2019 
 
 
 March 2019 
 
 
 January 2019 
 
 
 December 2018 
 
 
 October 2018 
 
 
 September 2018 
 
 
 July 2018 
 
 
 June 2018 
 
 
 May 2018 
 
 
 April 2018 
 
 
 March 2018 
 
 
 February 2018 
 
 
 January 2018 
 
 
 December 2017 
 
 
 November 2017 
 
 
 October 2017 
 
 
 August 2017 
 
 
 July 2017 
 
 
 June 2017 
 
 
 May 2017 
 
 
 April 2017 
 
 
 March 2017 
 
 
 February 2017 
 
 
 January 2017 
 
 
 December 2016 
 
 
 November 2016 
 
 
 October 2016 
 
 
 September 2016 
 
 
 August 2016 
 
 
 July 2016 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Google+ 
 
 
 GitHub 
 
 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 Lincoln and Mexico Project   Blog at WordPress.com. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
