Skip to content 
 
 Helen M. Pugsley 
 Author of The Gishlan Series 
 Menu and widgets 
 
 Home 
 Contact 
 Impending Publications 
 About War and Chess 
 Blog 
 Links to Helen's Writing 
 Fan Art and Commissions 
 
 Helen M. Pugsley Author Photo 
 
 Social Media/Stores 
 
  Tumblr  
  Twitter  
  Facebook  
  Goodreads  
  Etsy  
  Amazon  
  Instagram  
  YouTube  
 
 About Helen 
 Helen M. Pugsley comes from a small town of twenty in eastern Wyoming. She has been passionate about writing since she was small. Helen has been working on The Gishlan Series since 2010 which blossomed from their debut novel  War and Chess. 
 Helen M. Pugsley published her first book,  War and Chess  , on August 18th 2016. Most recently she has had her six word story “I wanted to be a novelist” published in Midway Journal’s July 2020 issue. In 2019 she had a poem called ‘Constellation’ published in Madness Muse Press’ Magazine, Environmental Issue. Most recently she has been able to write a monthly blog post on writing for her blog, as well as enjoying a small following on Wattpad and YourQuote. She has had the privilege to write devotionals for American Baptist Churches of the Rocky Mountains newsletter, had work featured in Wyoming Writers’ newsletter, and WyoPoets’ newsletter. Her haiku ‘Where Do You See Yourself in Five Years’ was published in Teen Ink Magazine’s April 2015 issue. In 2013 she won Honorable Mention for her flash fiction story in Scholastics Art and Writing Awards, and again won Honorable Mention in the Scholastics contest in 2014 for her poetry. In 2012 she won honorable mention in the Famous Poets annual contest, had an article about her summer camp experiences published in the camp’s newsletter. Helen M. Pugsley also holds second and third place awards in Wyoming Young Authors from grade school. 
 Helen enjoys traveling and is always planning and the next trip… From September 2016 to December 2016 Helen held nine book signings for her debut novel, War and Chess. She has been all over North America. One of her proudest accomplishments is walking into Mexico alone. So far she has only crossed one ocean (on her way to Hawaii) but she hopes to change that with a flight to Scotland. 
 Tag: Writing job 
   
 Treat Your Writing Like a Job 
 Yes. Even if it isn't making you money at present. Treat it like a job. Honestly, this blog makes revenue from ads. So far I've made $0.08. From my novels, I probably spend the money I make investing in them (art, travel expenses, hiring editors, etc), and I write poetry just for fun.  Still!  I treat it like it's a job. 
 Part of learning to treat your writing like a job is figuring out how you work. Yes  you . What makes you tick, human? Do you need a set schedule, or do you prefer flexibility with accompanied accountability? 
 When I was working full time (at James Bond's library) I had a routine for my writing. If I didn't meet a friend for lunch I'd sit in my car, or at the local bakery (Shout out to  Sweet Lou's !) and write, edit, get done what I needed to do. When I did meet a friend for lunch writing would be the last thing I did before I went to sleep at night. Just like I did when I was in school. I'd write well into the night. Whatever happened, I'd make sure to write every day. Even if it was just a sentence. 
 Now that I'm an unemployed louse I prefer flexibility with accompanied accountability. Hey, I  tried  to make myself a schedule. I tried to trick my mind into thinking I had a 9-5, but so far it hasn't worked well. Life has too many unforeseen peculiarities right now for a structured schedule. And to be honest, I'm enjoying the wildness of it. Since I am free to eat when I'm hungry, drink when I'm dry, and sleep when I'm tired, I also write when I feel like it.  However  , I make sure to write every day. 
 That's the most important thing:  I make sure to write every day . 
 Let me include this motivational poster so you can hang it above your desk to feel like I'm yelling at you all day. 
 Full image credit to  Your Quote . 
 But where does my accountability come from? Chiefly, my friends. Everyone knows I write, everyone knows I have a lot more time on my hands than I had planned on having.  So every time we see each other they ask "Whatcha writing, Helen?" I am even lucky enough to have one friend who, every time she sees me, she will tell me with mock aggression "You best be writin'!" Haha! She checks in with me daily. 
 Secondly, it comes from my fandom online. (That's you!) If I didn't post a pretty picture of my work space once in a while, or a nice quote, I'd get a few concerned messages. Which is really, really nice and really appreciated. 
 Though structure is a thing of the past I have no shortage of accountability. 
 You can do it your way! You just gotta get 'er done! (Hopefully that phrase is not copyrighted…) Yes, even if writing is just your hobby and you follow this blog because you think I'm cool. You still have to eke out time for what you love. And just like a job, you are totally allowed to give yourself vacations and holidays. It's okay if life explodes and you need to take a couple of days to focus on the cleanup. Just remember, you're treating this like a job now. Consciously call in sick with yourself. Consciously decide you've got Christmas off! Consciously decide you need a weekend getaway from your writing. But just like a job, if you just up and decide not to show up for a few days, it's not going to end well. 
 Really, have enough respect for yourself and your career to take yourself seriously. Treat it like work. Work that you love doing. You're in control. You set your hours. You make your choices. But don't leave yourself hanging. And no matter what, it helps to have good friends holding you accountable. 
 Thank you for your support! I appreciate each and every one of my readers no matter how much revenue I get. Join me here next month for: Quality Matters 
 Posted on  May 18, 2020March 30, 2020 Categories  Blog Tags  #WritersofWyoming ,  Advice to writers ,  AmWriting ,  Gishlan ,  Gishlan Books ,  Helen M. Pugsley ,  Helen M. Pugsley Author Of The Gishlan Series ,  Helen M. Pugsley author of War and Chess ,  The Gishlan Series ,  Treat your writing like a job ,  Writer ,  Writing ,  Writing About Writing ,  Writing is Life ,  Writing job ,  Writing jobs 2 Comments on Treat Your Writing Like a Job 
  Create a website or blog at WordPress.com  
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
