
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Centaur Labs (W19) 
 Labeling medical images at scale 
 Growth Marketer (Mobile App) 
 
 Location 
 Boston / Remote 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 1+ years 
 About Centaur Labs 
 At Centaur Labs, we label data at scale to enable breakthroughs in medical AI. Our novel approach uses collective intelligence to aggregate medical opinions from experts and students all over the world. Our labeling customers include AI startups and prominent research organizations. We are a tight-knit team of 10 headquartered in Boston, and we're funded by Y Combinator, Accel, and GFC. 
 About the role 
 Centaur Labs is changing the way medical decisions get made ... through our iPhone game  DiagnosUs . 
 Our novel approach uses collective intelligence to aggregate medical opinions from experts and students all over the world. Through competition in a gamified format, we are able to deliver medical opinions that exceed the accuracy of individual doctors. Our customers include AI startups and prominent research organizations. 
 We're looking for an ambitious Growth Marketer to drive growth through bold, creative user acquisition tactics, and deliver delightful, timely engagement opportunities across platforms. 
 Objectives: 
 
 Drafting, designing, and launching compelling marketing campaigns 
 Crafting a social media strategy and brand voice that attracts engaged users 
 Working cross-functionally with product, engineering, design, and data to spearhead our app marketing strategy 
 Coordinating and managing targeted engagement opportunities at and with universities (e.g., med student groups, residency programs, etc.) 
 Executing A/B tests and optimizing installs to activated user flows, including tracking and analyzing channel and campaign KPIs 
 Analyzing user data, external research, and A/B test results to inform and guide growth strategies 
 Using guerilla marketing tactics to drive user engagement and referrals 
 
 Requirements: 
 
 Deep mobile app marketing experience and understanding of how to diagnose and execute mechanics that drive growth 
 Experience delivering user acquisition through a variety of channels including paid social, partnerships, organic etc 
 Strong written communication skills 
 Experience and comfort with graphic design 
 Familiarity with marketing and branding best practices 
 
 Bonus: 
 
 Proficiency in SQL and Excel, for reporting out on initiatives 
 Experience conducting competitive research 
 Interest in medicine / familiarity with medical topics 
 
 Company Perks: 
 
 Competitive salary and equity 
 Medical and dental coverage 
 20 days PTO plus 11 annual paid holidays 
 Spacious office at great location on Boylston Street across from the Prudential Tower 
 Friendly office dog :) 
 
 We are a tight-knit team of 10 headquartered in Boston, and we're funded by Y Combinator, Accel, and GFC. Join us! 
 Technology 
 We use React.js and Swift on the frontend, and Python and Swift (Vapor) on the backend. Our data stores are PostgreSQL and Redis, and we're hosted on AWS. 
 Centaur faces a wide variety of difficult technical problems, from efficiently serving millions of images and videos to our users, to ensuring our platform is secure and our valuable data sets remain private, to performing complex analysis on our users' performance and building machine learning models to take our decision making capabilities to the next level. 
 Other jobs at Centaur Labs 
 Data Infrastructure Engineer 
 fulltime 
 Boston, MA / Remote 
 Backend 
 $80k - $150k 
 0.25% - 1.00% 
 3+ years 
 Product Engineer 
 fulltime 
 Boston, MA / Remote 
 Full Stack 
 6+ years 
 Growth Marketer (Mobile App) 
 fulltime 
 Boston / Remote 
 1+ years 
 Operations and Engagement Manager 
 fulltime 
 Bostpm / Remote 
 3+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
