Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Assistant Store Manager 
 JYSK Canada 
 __Barrie, ON 
 Apply Now 
 JYSK is one of the world’s leading, and fastest-growing home furnishing retailers. First established in Denmark in 1979, JYSK operates retail stores which sell everything for your home throughout Europe and internationally and are now present across 51 countries with over 2,900 stores. 
 Although JYSK today is a global business, the company is managed based on its Scandinavian roots. This reflects in JYSK’s company culture and the way it does business. 
 The first Canadian JYSK store was opened in Coquitlam, BC in 1996. Today, JYSK operates 61 stores across Canada, including locations in British Columbia, Alberta, Saskatchewan, Manitoba, Ontario, and Québec 
 As an Assistant Store Manager for JYSK, you will be responsible for: 
 Providing assistance to upper management in day-to-day operations. 
Greeting and assisting customers in a way that models exemplary conduct to other staff. 
Providing direction, guidance and instruction to all store associates as required. 
Ensuring store conditions are consistently upheld to established standards. 
Adhering to all safety procedures in the performance of job duties. 
Delivering and meeting sales budgets and goals in your Department. 
Having an in depth understanding of the performance of your departments at the category and sub category levels 
Assisting with store stock management, merchandising and pricing to maximize sales of your categories. 
Assisting with stock adjustments, transfers, write offs, claims and cycle counts with the assistance of your operations manager. 
 The Right Candidate 
 Is a strong leader with a dynamic and positive personality. 
Has experience in retail management and customer service. 
Enjoys a fun, fast-paced workplace; takes pride in their work. 
Comfortable working in a rapidly-changing environment where priorities change. 
Reliable; able to work independently, and as part of a team. 
Likes to multitask, though keeps their workplace organized and clean. 
 The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by a Colleague to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. 
 Work requires moderate physical effort and use of motor skills requiring manual dexterity. While performing duties of this job, the Colleague will regularly sit, stand, walk, stoop, kneel and crouch. Colleague will frequently lift, sort, carry, and place merchandise and supplies of varying sizes weighing up to 20 kg without assistance and over 20 kg with team lifting. Work requires climbing up and down ladders, and working at heights. 
 What We Offer 
 Competitive Pay 
Benefit Package 
Colleague Discount 
Opportunities for Learning & Career Advancement 
A fun and respectful workplace 
 More Great Information! 
 Thanks for your interest in JYSK! Due to a high volume of applications, only those applicants selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Best of luck with your search! Follow us online for MORE opportunities! 
 JYSK Canada is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. This principle applies to all aspects of employment, including recruitment, selection, transfer, promotion and all other conditions of employment. As a company, we have developed l programs and policies that address and recognize our objective to ensure that our work environment remains free of discrimination and harassment of any kind and promotes and recognizes the diverse backgrounds of our Colleagues. JYSK Canada will accommodate both internal and external applications throughout the hiring process. 
All employment decisions at JYSK are based on business needs, job requirements and individual qualifications. All qualified applications will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, national or ethnic origin, colour, religion, age, sex, gender, sexual orientation, gender identity/expression, marital status, family status, disability or a conviction for which a pardon has been granted or a record suspended. We consider all applications on the basis of individual qualification for the particular position and we do so without regard to any unrelated factor and/or characteristic. 
JYSK Canada is committed to the value of equal employment opportunity for all Colleagues and the innovation that diversity creates in the work environment. We welcome and encourage applications from individuals with disabilities. Accommodations are available upon request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the hiring process. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
