Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Associate Client Manager, Marine & Commercial Surety 
 NFP Corp 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 About You 
 On an individual and team level, you have so much to offer. Your self-motivation, sharp eye for detail, technical capabilities and excellent communication skills helped you to excel as an insurance professional. Your talent will be utilized to the fullest extent here – as you help to optimize every facet of our operations in the Marine & Commercial Surety Division. 
 About NFP 
 We are NFP, a four-time Best Places to Work award winner in Business Insurance for 2017 through 2020. We are a world-class, leading insurance broker and consultant that genuinely cares deeply about our employees' and clients' well-being. We're honest, hardworking, dedicated professionals who love what we do and strive to lead by example. Our expertise and scale are only matched by our passion for building lifelong personal relationships. 
 About the Role 
 With this role, you will open the door to an exciting career path opportunity and be an integral member and key partner of the NFP Marine & Commercial Surety division. You will provide administrative support and assist with the day-to-day needs of our clients. 
 Essential Duties and Responsibilities: 
Client Service, Relationship Building & Collaboration 
Process bonds, invoices, incoming mail and email by using sound judgment of underwriting guidelines. 
Works with underwriters to obtain new business and renewal quotes 
Prepares and presents client premium proposals and pre-renewal client material 
Prepares insurance binders and billing material 
Report claims where required 
Manage activities by following up on open activities and closing activities upon completion of required assignment. 
Complete duties according to corporate policies and procedures 
Actively participate in training initiatives 
Other duties as directed by the management team 
 Knowledge, Skills, and/or Abilities: 
Highly organized with exceptional verbal and written communication skills. 
Self-confident to make sound independent decisions. 
Able to work overtime as necessary. 
Ability to successfully interact with a variety of people and function well both in a team environment and autonomously. 
Ability to handle situations in a calm, courteous and professional manner 
Client-focused to establish and maintain effective relationships 
Ability to prioritize multiple tasks to meet deadlines 
Possess strong analytical and problem-solving skills 
Sharp attention to detail with excellent decision-making skills 
Flexibility and adaptability to changing priorities, deadlines and technology. 
 Education and/or Experience: 
1-2+ years of insurance experience in a brokerage environment is strongly preferred 
Experience as a processor or account manager in commercial lines is an asset 
Excellent computer skills expected and EPIC fluency an asset 
Experience in Microsoft Office products, specifically Word, Excel and Outlook 
 Certificates, Licenses, Registration: 
RIBO License in good standing required 
Professional insurance designation preferred (such as CAIB, CIP, CRM, etc.) 
 Excellent benefits are offered:  competitive salary, group health and dental benefits, flexible leave days, group RRSP, social events, continuing education, etc. 
 NFP is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. We welcome and encourage applications from all qualified candidates. Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. 
 COVID-19 Update:  Please note in some locations we’ve activated work-from-home plans for our offices. Standard operating hours generally remain intact for offices in the remote environment. We continue to stand ready to serve the needs of our clients. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
