WORK WITH INDIES beta 
 Browse Jobs 
 Art & Animation 
 Audio 
 Business & Operations 
 Design 
 Marketing & Community 
 Production 
 Programming 
 QA & CS 
 Writing 
 Post a Job 
 Back to all jobs See allAudiojobs 
 Audio Director 
 Deck Nine Apply for this Job 
 Posted 
 December 18, 2020 
 Full Time 
 Westminster, CO 
 Remote 
 Deck Nine Games is looking for a creative and technical  Audio Director  with the capability to design and implement assets, lead the audio efforts for our project, and specialize in key audio systems. 
 Our narrative-driven projects require a wide array of knowledge and high collaboration with other gifted creatives, to deliver an engaging video game experience. The Audio Director will directly manage a team of Audio Designers to design engaging sound effects, record and implement quality V.O., and oversee integration of a captivating score and music.  ‍ 
 ‍ 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Encourage a culture of respect, support, collaboration, comradery, and creativity throughout the audio team and beyond. 
 Manage a team of audio designers, providing guidance and feedback on audio quality, consistency, and implementation. 
 Collaborate with creative directors, game directors, and other key stakeholders to define game audio quality bar and vision. 
 Work with team leads and production to ensure audio staff are represented in all strike teams throughout development, and that they are fully scheduled and tasked. 
 Manage music direction for the project, owning licensed music selection, coordinating with artists/composers producing score, and integrating all music for an alluring gaming experience. 
 Oversee, develop, and document project pipelines and onboard new audio team members.  ‍  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 ‍  Qualifications 
 
 At least 5+ years of experience in a leadership role for game audio, involved with full development cycles of multiple shipped titles preferred. 
 Comprehensive understanding and practical experience in every facet of game audio production, including experience with  Wwise  across multiple full development cycles. 
 Expert understanding of Foley, recording, mixing, sound design, implementation, scripting voice over, and localization techniques and best practices. 
 Proven experience working and coordinating with game developers from different disciplines. 
 Familiarity with the different kinds of production and implementation of music in a game engine, from looping tracks to linear pieces and stingers. 
 Sound design portfolio or reel. 
 Organized leadership skills in an environment of competing priorities and time management. 
 Full-time position must be willing to eventually relocate to the  Denver, Colorado region .  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 Bonus Qualifications 
 
 A Bachelor's degree or higher in an audio related field. 
 Experience working on narrative-driven games with emergent audio features and systems, including branching conditionalized sequences (e.g. dialogue branches). 
 Experience using Unreal Engine and Blueprints on at least one full development cycle. 
 Music composition experience for a visual medium (portfolio/samples preferred). 
 Relevant television/film experience. 
 
 ‍ 
 Benefits 
 
 Competitive starting salary 
 Generous PTO including paid parental leave 
 Health, dental, and vision insurance for you and your family 
 
 ‍ 
 If you are a talented and passionate game developer and you are looking to challenge yourself, please apply today! Full-time position available, remote to start but with ability to relocate and applicants must already be authorized to work in the U.S. 
 ‍ 
 ‍ 
 About Deck Nine 
 Deck Nine Games is an independent game developer dedicated to crafting interactive story games that inspire, transform, and entertain players. Our passion is storytelling games. 
 Our first narrative game, Life is Strange: Before the Storm is loved by fans and has won multiple awards, including Game of Year and was nominated for both a VGA and a BAFTA. The studio is 100+ people and is in sunny Westminster, Colorado at the base of the Rocky Mountains. We hope to share more information about our next title with Square Enix as soon as we can. 
 We’re looking for talented and self-motivated people to join us as we aim to rise to the top of the storytelling game studios. If this sounds appealing to you, please apply! 
 As the crafters of stories that encompass the full breadth of life’s experiences, Deck Nine is committed to building a diverse, inclusive, and multicultural team in which people from all walks of life feel inspired to do their best work. We are proud to be an equal opportunity employer and believe deeply in the creativity and strength built from diversity of race, religion, disability, gender, gender identity and expression, sexual orientation, nationality, and the many other qualities that make us different. 
 Apply for this Job 
 related jobs 
 Fields of Mistria is hiring a Sound Designerto join their team into work fromAnywhereSound DesignerFields of Mistria | AnywhereLearn More 
 Triband is hiring a Audio Designerto join their team into work fromCopenhagen, DKAudio DesignerTriband | Copenhagen, DKLearn More 
 Deck Nine is hiring a Audio Directorto join their team into work fromWestminster, COAudio DirectorDeck Nine | Westminster, COLearn More 
 Glowmade is hiring a Senior Sound Designerto join their team into work fromUnited KingdomSenior Sound DesignerGlowmade | United KingdomLearn More 
 Hexany Audio is hiring a Senior Sound Designerto join their team into work fromBell Gardens, CASenior Sound DesignerHexany Audio | Bell Gardens, CALearn More 
 Hexany Audio is hiring a Associate Sound Designerto join their team into work fromBell Gardens, CAAssociate Sound DesignerHexany Audio | Bell Gardens, CALearn More 
 Indie games are wonderful. So are the people that make them. 
 Make wonderful games. Be wonderful people. Work With Indies. 
 Thank you for joining the Work With Indies newsletter! The next issue will arrive on Sunday. 
 Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again. 
 *Sign up to receive a weekly digest of new indie career opportunities. 
 WORK WITH INDIES 
 We’ve been lucky to have some incredible jobs working at and partnering with some of the biggest brands in video games. 
 But we’ve never had more fun and been more fulfilled than when we were working with indie game developers. 
 Everyone in games should have that much fun. 
 Our hope is that Work With Indies will connect job seekers with the most rewarding, most inspirational, and most fun jobs they've ever had. 
 NAVIGATION 
 
 Post a Job 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 RSS 
 Communities 
 Nick's Cat 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 
 nathan@workwithindies.com 
 twitter.com/workwithindies 
 facebook.com/workwithindies 
 
 ^ 
 Made by 
 @natethenate 
 and 
 @nsuttner 
 for people who 
 indie games. 
 © 2021  A Lot of Happy LLC 
