Skip to content 
   
 Search for: 
 
 Jobs 
 Our HR solutions __ 
 
 ATLAS 
  The Agency 
 DiverCity 
 
 
 Workland __ 
 
 Our history 
  Our mission 
 Our team 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 FR 
 
 
 How I quit my job on Valentine’s day! 
 
  View Larger Image  
 
 A Gift from the Heart, from Me to Me 
 By Julie Hubert, President and CEO of  Workland 
 A few years ago on  February 14th  , I woke up, went to work, packed my stuff & walked out the door. As a  Valentine’s day  gift from me to me, I set myself free from a job I loved, but in a company that could not have been more of a misfit for who I was. On that day, I chose myself over money, over job security, over prestige, over expense accounts and beautiful office furniture. On that day, I chose to do  what was right  over doing  the right thing . 
 On  Valentine’s day  , I took all of my courage, my drive and my guts and decided that never again would I force myself to work in conditions where happiness and fulfillment were not part of my  everyday  life. That I would work for and with people that inspired me daily, in a company that would be aligned with my personality and values, where I could have fun, be myself and do work that I loved. 
 Was I stressed? Of course! The “  Oh my god…I quit my job!!”  feeling lasted several months and just like the end of a long-term love relationship, it took some time for me to get over it. However, instead of focusing on the stress generated by change, uncertainty, the unknown, and the shift in my work-life identity, I decided to focus on finding ways of helping people like me find happiness and fulfillment at work. 
 Ultimately, you can say that I once went job hunting and decided to hire myself on Valentine’s day. And ever since then, I never, ever looked back. 
 So on this  Valentine’s day  , in addition to showing your loved ones that you care, I encourage you to give yourself the gift of taking a couple of minutes to reflect on whether or not you  LOVE  your job and the work that you do. 
 Life is too short. Spend it doing something you  LOVE  in a company you  LOVE  and you’ll never work a day in your life again… 
 Happy Valentine’s Day! 
 _  About me  : My company Workland has developed an intelligent talent acquisition platform that automates job search & recruitment. Compatibility between parties is calculated to pre-qualify relationships and evaluate potential fit right from the start. Welcome to the future of recruitment! _ 
 Want to find out more? Check out this video! 
 Saisupriya 2020-09-25T13:51:44+00:00February 14th, 2019| 
 Share This Story, Choose Your Platform! 
 Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Reddit WhatsApp Tumblr Pinterest Vk Email 
 Contact Us 
 [email protected] 
Mon-Fri: 9:00 AM - 5:00 PM 
 
 __ 
 
 (514) 707-0320 
 Find Us 
 33 Prince Street, Suite 282, Montreal, QC, H3C 2M7 
 
 __ 
 
 Check maps 
 
  Career 
  News 
  Privacy Policy 
 
 Sign up to our newsletter 
 __ 
 © 2020 Workland™ is a registered trademark. All rights reserved. 
  Facebook Twitter LinkedIn Instagram YouTube Email 
