
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Rippling (W17) 
 Automate your HR and IT. 
 Senior Product Manager 
 
 Location 
 San Francisco, CA, USA 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 6+ years 
 About Rippling 
 Rippling automates new-hire onboarding tasks that HR, IT and Finance departments do in a company. We aim to be the system of record for the company's employee information, by winning at on-boarding. This would allow us to build a platform layer where anyone could build an enterprise app. Small businesses would buy it from Rippling and roll it out to their company. 
 Parker Conrad (CEO of Rippling), had previously started Zenefits - which was the fastest growing company in history (0 to $50M in 2 years.) The founders have experience in the domain. The product is growing quite fast (10x revenue in 2018) and already has a high Net-Promoter score. We have raised $60M so far. Our last funding round was led by Kleiner Perkins. 
 About the role 
 About Rippling 
 Rippling is the first way for businesses to manage their HR & IT — from payroll and benefits, to employee computers and apps — all in one, modern system. 
 In just 90-seconds, a company can set up (or disable) an employee’s payroll, health insurance, work computer, and third-party apps, like Gmail, Microsoft Office, and Slack. It’s the only platform that truly unifies every employee system, and automates all of the administrative work. 
 Rippling is headquartered in San Francisco and has raised over $200M from top-tier investors, including Founders Fund, Greenoaks Capital, Coatue Management, Kleiner Perkins, and YCombinator. 
 About The Role 
 The product team owns the product direction which lays out what Rippling needs to build, and when, in order to solve customer problems in a way that allows us to succeed as a business. We do this by distilling insights from key stakeholders across the company, user research, product-generated data, and competitive analysis. These insights allow us to prioritize the features that we work on, which we define end to end with our design and engineering counterparts, to create a product roadmap. As the features on this roadmap get developed, we partner with the appropriate teams to make sure that they are properly launched, and are setup to be successfully sold, serviced, and supported. We iterate on these features using data and customer feedback to make sure that they fulfill and surpass the goals we had when we decided to build them. 
 About the Identity Management (aka Apps) Team 
 The Apps team uses Rippling’s HR infrastructure to manage employee identity in 400+ cloud services, such as G Suite, Slack, Dropbox, GitHub, AWS, etc. When one of our customers hires an employee, our systems use APIs to automatically provision the employee's accounts in all the cloud services the company uses, and allow the employee to sign in to those services using SAML or OIDC, and use RPass -- Rippling's zero knowledge password manager -- to protect their credentials. We work closely with our integration partners and our business development team to build new integrations, manage our existing partnerships, and most importantly, build an integration ecosystem that is a key long term moat for Rippling's business. 
 About the Device Management (aka Hardware) Team 
 The Device Management team provides easy configuration and management for MacOS, Windows, iOS, and Android devices. Our customers use our product to get updates seamlessly, automatically install software, and keep their company data secure on these devices. We work across a broad range of platforms and technology, and our customers love the convenience of administering hardware which is tied to the employee system of record. 
 What You'll Do: 
 
 Be one of the founding members of the product team at Rippling, working directly with the VP of Engineering and Product, and working closely with our product-focused CEO 
 You will have ownership of driving product for an entire business unit 
 Go beyond just shipping new products, you obsess about continuous product improvement and can optimize for shipping a portfolio of small, medium and large releases 
 You’re a creative product thinker who loves collaborating across the company with engineering, design, marketing, and sales 
 Do whatever it takes to make your product and team successful, no matter how big or small the issue may be 
 Adept at synthesizing ambiguous inputs into solid action plans 
 Define and analyze metrics to guide product development 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 5+ years of Product Management experience 
 Self-starter with a bias towards action 
 Ability to thrive in a fast-paced environment 
 Owned a successful product from inception to launch 
 Strong ability to motivate and inspire people to do their best work 
 Relentlessly focused on customers’ needs 
 Exceptional interpersonal communication, relationship management and organizational skills 
 Deep analytical, prioritization and problem solving skills 
 
 If you don’t necessarily meet all of the requirements listed here, we still encourage you to apply because skills can be used in lots of different ways, your life experience is equally important sometimes. 
 Benefits: 
 
 Medical, Dental, Vision, FSA, HSA, Commuter, Life and Disability Benefits 
 Uncapped PTO 
 Flexible work hours 
 Generous parental leave 
 Transgender health insurance coverage 
 Great compensation package (salary, equity) 
 Meeting-light culture 
 Onsite meals 
 
 Rippling is an equal opportunity employer. 
 Technology 
 Python / Django / MongoDB. We deploy code continually and move extremely fast. 
 Other jobs at Rippling 
 Senior Product Manager 
 fulltime 
 San Francisco, CA, USA 
 6+ years 
 Product Manager - Payroll  
 fulltime 
 San Francisco, CA, USA 
 6+ years 
 Senior Software Engineer (Bengaluru) 
 fulltime 
 Bengaluru, Karnataka, India 
 Full Stack 
 6+ years 
 Customer Success Manager 
 fulltime 
 San Francisco 
 3+ years 
 Senior Product Designer 
 fulltime 
 San Francisco, CA, USA 
 Web Design 
 6+ years 
 Senior Software Engineer - Hub 
 fulltime 
 San Francisco 
 Full Stack 
 6+ years 
 Senior Software Engineer - San Francisco 
 fulltime 
 San Francisco, CA / Remote 
 Full Stack 
 6+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
