Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Landscaping Lead Hand 
 Earthscape 
 __Greater Toronto Area, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Landscape Construction Lead Hand 
 Full-Time, Seasonal 
 Greater Toronto Area (home base) 
 Who are we? 
 Our company,  Earthscape  is recognized as an award-winning design-build firm that specializes in custom playgrounds and high-end residential landscaping. Our main office, fabrication shop and yard are located just outside of Elmira, Ontario; a second office/yard is located in Toronto. 
 We are a group of young, ambitious, creative dreamers and builders who work hard and are exceptionally proud of what we design and create. Our project managers aren’t afraid to get their hands dirty and our installation crews know that we trust, and highly-value, their work. It makes for an environment that is extremely positive, productive, fun and rewarding, though admittedly, a bit stressful at times. 
 What do we need? 
 With a slate of projects booked for 2020, we would like to add another  Landscape Construction Lead Hand  to work with our team in the Greater Toronto Area. 
 Now, who are we looking for? 
 As a Landscape Construction Lead Hand, you: 
 · have two to five years of experience across a broad range of landscaping construction site work (concrete, masonry, carpentry, site layout, site grading and water features); 
 · have experience reading and interpreting scaled drawings; 
 · are looking for something new, exciting and creative to be a part of; 
 · have a big imagination and great problem solving skills; 
 · recognize the importance of building to high quality standards – we always aim to do a job exceptionally well the first time; 
 · want to be proud of your employer and work for a highly regarded industry-recognized leader; 
 · communicate effectively with supervisors, colleagues and clients; 
 · thrive in a busy work environment and respect project timelines and dates; 
 · are comfortable and skilled operating a variety of landscape machinery; 
 · have a minimum G class license. 
 What 's in it for you? 
 This job offers the opportunity to work on some of southern Ontario’s most beautiful landscape design-build projects. Additionally, you will periodically work at sites where we are installing our unique custom wood playground. The pace, challenges and problem-solving opportunities mean you will never be bored. You will have the opportunity to develop and refine a wide variety of skills in our rapidly growing business. 
 Compensation: 
 We believe in great compensation for great employees, and we reward our staff with a combination of: 
 - profit sharing and performance bonuses 
 - overtime pay 
 - award-winning projects and designs 
 - track record of excellent client relations (happy clients make our jobs more enjoyable too) 
 - up to date equipment, including trucks 
 - excellent on-the-job training in project management and site supervision 
 - no management hassles, and great colleagues 
 - benefits for full-time and regular seasonal employees 
 - steady hours of 50 to 60 hours/week, with very few rain days off 
 Job Types: Full-time, Temporary 
 Salary: $24.00-$28.00 per hour 
 Additional pay: 
 
 Bonus pay 
 
 Benefits: 
 
 Dental care 
 Extended health care 
 Profit sharing 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 10 hour shift 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 Experience: 
 
 landscaping: 2 years (Preferred) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 G Class Driver's Licence (Preferred) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
