
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Hot Damn! it's a Full-time job 
 Giddy is looking for a Graphic Designer / Visual Designer in Austin, TX, USA. Not an ******** Graphic Designer / Visual Designer but the kind of Graphic Designer / Visual Designer that makes other Graphic Designer / Visual Designers question their Graphic Designer / Visual Designer-ness. 
 About 
 Giddy is a men’s sexual health and wellness company. We excel in creating content that’s aimed at improving the sexual health and wellness of men and their partners and are launching a separate digital media publishing platform. 
 Hiring Graphic Designer / Visual Designer with a strong background in digital design to create creative solutions for our marketing / design. You will develop engaging campaigns and build brand awareness. You have a passion for design; a background in marketing/advertising and a proven record of bringing campaigns, marketing solutions to life across digital and offline channels. You have experience establishing best practices for design collaboration and managing creative development processes. 
 RESPONSIBILITIES: 
 
 Work with the design team applying best practices in creative development from the briefing stage to performance review. 
 You’re a fantastic designer. You prove your visual prowess through your online portfolio and relevant working experience of 5+ years across digital and web design. 
 Develop creative concepts for a multitude of campaigns to drive conversions and build brand awareness. Design comprehensive assets across multiple channels including, display, tv, social, email, landing pages, print. 
 Ensure that design concepts are strategic, on-brand, innovative, and drive the intended behaviors in our target audiences. 
 Partner with the marketing team to develop concise creative briefs with clearly-articulated value propositions, and lead brainstorm sessions designed to generate concepts that reach their goals. 
 Tactically execute work as needed and deliver on the goals / strategy for the team. 
 Work cross-functionally to participate in all stages of the design process. 
 
 THIS IS NOT A REMOTE POSITION MUST BE AT OUR HEADQUARTERS IN AUSTIN 
 START ASAP 
 Company Links 
 
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7581-giddy-graphic-designer-visual-designer  
 On-site required? 
 Yes 
 Experience 
 3-6 years 
 Skills 
 2D, 3D, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe InDesign, Adobe Photoshop, Calligraphy 
 Date Posted 
 October 21, 2020 
 Managed By 
 Philippe McClelland 
 Perks 
 
 Great benefits 
 No assholes 
 Profit sharing 
 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
