
 Home 
 Working Abroad 
 Volunteering Abroad 
 
 Volunteer at an Orphanage Abroad 
 An Orphanage Assistant in Ghana 
 Volunteer in Malawi, Africa 
 Volunteer Work with Animals Abroad 
 
 
 Teach English Abroad 
 
 Best Places to Teach English Abroad 
 Teach English in China 
 Teach English in Thailand 
 
 
 Ski Resort Jobs 
 
 Ski Season Work 
 Work to Ski or Ski to Work 
 Snowboard and Ski Instructor Jobs 
 Becoming a Ski Instructor 
 Chalet Host Jobs 
 Best Ski Resort Employment Opportunities 
 Ski Season Employers 
 Ski Work - Argentina, Chile, and Down Under 
 North America Ski Jobs - USA, Canada 
 Ski Season Employment - Europe 
 
 
 Cruise Ship Jobs 
 
 Working Aboard a Cruise Ship 
 Cruise Ship Life 
 Crown Recruitment for Royal Caribbean Cruise Lines 
 Spa and Fitness Jobs on Cruise Ships 
 Harding Brothers - Retail Jobs on Cruise Ships 
 Steiner International - Work on Cruise Ships 
 
 
 Beach Resort Jobs 
 
 European Resort Jobs 
 Europe's Top Clubbing Resorts for Summer Jobs 
 
 
 
 Working Abroad Magazine 
 Work, Travel, and Live Abroad 
 
 Gap Year 
 Jobs Abroad 
 
 Teach English Abroad 
 Australia Jobs 
 Czech Republic 
 Dubai Jobs 
 Greece Jobs 
 India Jobs 
 New Zealand Jobs 
 
 
 Sports Jobs 
 
 Ski Jobs 
 Sailing Instructor 
 SCUBA Jobs 
 Surfing Jobs 
 
 
 Volunteer Abroad 
 
 Animals 
 Relief Work 
 
 
 Summer Jobs 
 Job Search 
 Work Permits 
 Study Abroad 
 
 You are here:  Home  / Hospitality Jobs USA 
 Hospitality Jobs USA 
 Hospitality. It sounds like just one industry, but is really the source of an overwhelming range of jobs all around the globe. 
 Thanks to its size, the USA offers work abroad opportunities for almost any kind of hospitality job you can imagine. From earning money as a Bellman at a ski resort in the Rockies to working in guest services at a beachside water park in Florida, America has it all. 
 Hospitality Jobs in the USA 
 So, what exactly is a job in hospitality? The number of roles available is huge, but here is a summary of the most common ones: 
 Front Office  - This is typically Front Desk (reception) work in hotels, but also includes positions such as Bellman, Concierge or guest services representative. 
 Housekeeping  - Put simply, cleaning! However, do not think that clearing up hotel rooms after guests is all there is to it; hotels and resorts also need runners to deliver amenities to rooms and people to keep public spaces clean and tidy. Watch out for this one: you may think a PA job will involve filing and office work, but in reality you could be applying for a job as a Public Attendant - emptying garbage cans and cleaning hallways! 
 Food and Beverage  - The vast majority of hotels and resorts will run some form of restaurant, which requires hostesses, servers and bartenders, as well as chefs and even dishwashers to keep things running smoothly behind the scenes. 
 Retail  - This could include anything from working in a gift shop at a rustic hotel to selling brand-named items at a Disney Store. Ticket sales are also a huge element of large resorts, whether for pool passes, ski lift tickets or amusement park entrance fares. 
 Other jobs available will greatly depend upon whereabouts you have chosen to work: a sunny beach hotel is much more likely to need lifeguards than a ski resort, where jobs in Lift Operations and Ski School are commonly found. For many family resorts, entertainment roles are a core part of their hospitality services. 
 Once you have your foot in the door, it is easier to work in a variety of roles at the same time, or transfer between departments. Lorette Dunn from South Africa spent the last two years doing this at Big Sky Resort in Montana. During her first summer she worked as a server in a coffee shop whilst also helping at the Front Desk of one of the hotels. Since then she has been a supervisor at the Health Club, worked as an evening manager at a restaurant, and used her degree in Interior Design to help with furnishing the resort's newest condominiums. Oh, and in the meantime, Lorette has also done a little housekeeping, just to keep from getting too bored! 
 Another great thing about working in hospitality is the fact that it truly is an international industry. Not only will you be dealing with guests from all over the country and indeed the world, but hotels, restaurants and resorts of any kind are well known for their large number of international employees. 
 So, what are recruiters looking for in an employee within the hospitality industry? Jamie Hamp, the HR Director at Big Sky Resort, one of the top ski resorts in the USA, said that the most important skills are communication and the ability to build relationships. You have to be willing to get to know the guest: "People talk about unskilled positions, but to be good in this business truly is a skill in itself." 
 He said that both job commitment and a passion to serve are crucial to be successful: "If you are more interested in yourself than doing a good job, you won't succeed. One of the most rewarding things about working in hospitality is being able to make others happy; giving guests the quality vacation experience they are looking for through your hard work can be a huge confidence boost and makes all your efforts worthwhile." 
 Useful Websites 
 www.bunac.org.uk/uk/ 
 www.ccusa.co.uk 
 www.yummyjobs.com 
 www.hrc-international.com 
 www.employmentusaonline.com 
 http://bigskyresort.com/employment 
 Summer Jobs USA  => 
 Recent Post 
 
 Best Summer Jobs Abroad 
 I don't know about you, but here on the East Coast spring is in full swing, and …  [Read More...] 
 
 Organization Spotlight: Awesome Work & Travel 
 5 Reasons to Work Abroad this Summer 
 Kite Surfing Anyone? 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 - Working Abroad Magazine - All rights reserved -  Privacy Policy   -  Cookie Policy  
