Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Assistant/Associate Professor(s) in Silviculture 
 UBC Faculty of Forestry 
 __Vancouver, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Applications are invited for two tenure-track positions in the Department of Forest Resources Management, Faculty of Forestry, University of British Columbia Vancouver campus. 
 These new faculty hires will continue to develop, and expand, forest management and operations leadership at UBC through focusing on provincial, national and international silviculture teaching and research. The Faculty is seeking to meet the diverse needs of the government and industry in a rapidly changing forest sector. We are responding to the growing importance of silviculture in the management and conservation of forests worldwide. 
 Position details 
 The first position focuses on research into innovative silviculture, forest operations and management. The successful candidate should have professional experience in practical silviculture systems and an interest in innovation in practical silviculture. The successful candidate should demonstrate an ability to apply and promote technology through the forest operations and silviculture value chain and have an understanding of the operational and economic imperatives of forest management in Canada today. The candidate should provide evidence that they could develop and maintain working relationships with industry and government and will conduct research on actively managed forests. The successful candidate will be eligible to become a BC Registered Professional Forester. 
 The second position will strengthen the global capacity of the Faculty through research into the application of silviculture and adaptive forest management to prepare forests for extreme environmental challenges such as the impact of climate change and intensifying forest disturbances. The candidate should have significant exposure to a broad range of silviculture systems worldwide including tropical and plantation forests with demonstrated real world silvicultural experience. An interdisciplinary focus with demonstrated interest in social and economic dimensions of forest management is desirable. 
 Both positions are expected to be appointed at either Assistant or Associate Professor level with applicants who have extensive practical experience encouraged to also apply. Applicants should have a Ph.D. (or the equivalent) and a commitment to educating undergraduate, professional masters, and research graduate students. The successful candidates will teach undergraduate and graduate level courses in silviculture/operations/forest management and contribute to spring and fall field schools. Salary will be commensurate with qualifications and experience. Successful applicants will be provided with a research start up encouraged to secure ongoing funding from external sources such as Provincial, and federal government organizations, NSERC and industry. 
 About the Faculty of Forestry 
 The Faculty of Forestry has strong teaching and research programs that embrace the full range of forest science and management at both the undergraduate and graduate levels. The Faculty offers undergraduate programs in Forest Sciences, Forestry, Urban Forestry, Natural Resource Conservation, and Wood Processing, along with professional master’s programs in Sustainable Forest Management, Geomatics and Environmental Management, and International Forestry. The Faculty has two research forests, which represent a range of 
forest ecosystems, as well as a Forest Sciences Centre with modem research and teaching facilities and a strong supporting community of scholars. 
 How to apply 
 Applications should include a cover letter, a curriculum vitae, a statement of research interests, evidence of successful teaching or a statement of teaching philosophy relevant to the position, and the names, addresses and e-mail addresses of three people to provide professional references. Please also indicate in your application if you are a Canadian or permanent resident of Canada. Please submit your application online on the UBC Faculty Careers website, referencing JOB ID 33456. 
 The deadline for applications is May 17, 2019. The expected starting date for this position is Jan 1, 2020 but an alternative date may be arranged. Questions should be directed to Dr. Nicholas Coops, Chair of the Search Committee. 
 Equity and diversity are essential to academic excellence. An open and diverse community fosters the inclusion of voices that have been underrepresented or discouraged. We encourage applications from members of groups that have been marginalized on any grounds enumerated under the B.C. Human Rights Code, including sex, sexual orientation, gender identity or expression, racialization, disability, political belief, religion, marital or family status, age, and/or status as a First Nation, Metis, Inuit, or Indigenous person. 
 All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
