
 Skip to navigation 
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to primary sidebar 
 Skip to secondary sidebar 
 Skip to footer 
 
 [ 
 Sacred Silicon 
 Worshipping The Element Of Surprises 
 ](https://sacredsilicon.wordpress.com/ "Sacred Silicon") 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
 <- DSL router patch merely hides backdoor instead of closing it 
 Microsoft Job Opening 
 Apr 27 
 Posted by  Hans PD0AC 
 When Microsoft realized that the Windows 8 interface didn't make sense to most of its users, they decided it was time to hire someone capable of explaining things to the public in a simple, understandable way.  Steve Ballmer's approach  – jumping and screaming on stage – clearly didn't cut it. 
 The decision was made to look for people from the educational sector. After weeding out most of the applicants, three potential teachers were invited for a job interview: a former IT professor, a high school teacher, and a teacher working at a special school for children with learning disabilities. 
 The first applicant to be invited into the office was the IT professor. After almost an hour the guy returned. “Did you get the job?” the remaining to teachers asked. “Not sure”, he replied, “it was hard, very hard.” 
 The interview of the high school teacher took about an hour as well, and when he returned he shook his head. “Man, this was the hardest interview ever. Holy crap.” 
 The interview of the last applicant – the teacher working at a special school for children with learning disabilities - took only 10 minutes. When he returned, he smiled. “I've got the job! Not only that, I got the salary I asked for, the car I asked, and everything else I asked for!” 
 The first two applicants were baffled. “Ho did you pull that off? On paper we were much better candidates!” “Quite simple” the man replied, “they were all former students of mine.” 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Posted on April 27, 2015, in  Computers ,  Operating Systems  and tagged  Job Opening ,  Microsoft ,  Steve Ballmer . Bookmark the  permalink .  Leave a comment . 
 <- DSL router patch merely hides backdoor instead of closing it 
 
 
 Leave a comment 
 
 
 Comments 0 
 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Microsoft Job Opening 
 DSL router patch merely hides backdoor instead of closing it 
 Linux Mint Desktop Wallpaper 
 Learning from history 
 Nobody cares about Windows anymore 
 
 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 stephlermacharia  on  DSL router patch merely hides… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kevin Wall  on  Linux Mint Desktop Wallpa… 
 
 
 Nate on  Why blocking ads became i… 
 
 
 
 malvino on  WiFi, a hacker's dr… 
 
 
 
 
 WiFi, a hacker’s dre…  on  WiFi, a hacker's dr… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 April 2015  (1) 
 April 2014  (2) 
 February 2014  (1) 
 January 2014  (1) 
 October 2013  (1) 
 August 2013  (1) 
 July 2013  (2) 
 June 2013  (2) 
 May 2013  (10) 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 Android 
 Apps 
 Computers 
 Gadgets 
 iOS 
 Linux 
 Operating Systems 
 Privcay 
 Security 
 Smartphones 
 Technology 
 Uncategorized 
 Windows 
 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Brick O'Lore 
 Gizmodo 
 Ham Radio Blog PD0AC 
 
 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 23 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
