Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 OTA/PTA 
 Trillium Health Partners 
 __Mississauga, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description: 
 
 Position:  OTA/PTA 
 File#:  2020-18981 
 Status:  Part Time (x1) 
 Dept.Health System:  THP Reactivation Care Centre (RCC) 
 Hours of Work/Shift:  Days, weekdays, weekends, stats (8 Hour shifts) 
 Posted:  November 19, 2020 
 Internal Deadline:  November 26, 2020 
 
 Trillium Health Partners (THP) is one of the largest community-based acute care facilities in Canada. Comprised of the Credit Valley Hospital, the Mississauga Hospital and the Queensway Health Centre, Trillium Health Partners serves the growing and diverse populations of Mississauga, West Toronto and surrounding communities and is a teaching hospital affiliated with the University of Toronto. 
 Our Mission:  A New Kind of Health Care for a Healthier Community 
 When we set out to build our vision and future, we connected with our community - patients, families, visitors, physicians, staff and volunteers. The foundational goals of our new strategic plan - quality, access and sustainability - anchor everything we do. Our mission for a new kind of health care is built on an inter-connected system of care organized around patients - inside and outside the hospital. 
 At THP, we are relentless in providing high quality, compassionate care to our communities and take great pride in fostering an inclusive and accessible environment and we are all accountable for contributing to a healthy, safe and respectful environment for healing and promoting excellence in patient care though advancing patient and staff safety. If you are passionate about what you do, motivated to improve the health of the community, committed to excellence, quality and patient safety we would like you to join our Better Together team! 
 SUMMARY: 
THP is excited to be opening Phase 2 of the Alternative Level of Care (ALC) unit located at Humber River Church Street site (200 Church Street, near Jane Street and 401) scheduled to open in December 2019. We are recruiting individuals who are highly skilled, agile and adaptable with advanced critical thinking and interprofessional skills. As a member of the Interprofessional team you will have the opportunity to provide care for adult and geriatric patients who are preparing to transition to the community. 
 Key Qualifications: 
Certificate from a recognized two year OTA/PTA Program 
OTA experience in psychosocial issues is an asset 
Current BCLS and evidence of continuing education is required 
Reliable, flexible, creative, self-directed professional with strong observation skills 
Demonstrated ability to work effectively and collaboratively with multidisciplinary team members 
Exercises good judgment, critical thinking and problem solving skills 
Demonstrates effective interpersonal, organizational and communication skills 
 A positive attendance record is essentialPosition Summary: 
As an active member of a multidisciplinary team, the dual trained OTA/PTA provides client-centered clinical care for assigned patients under the direction and supervision of a Physiotherapist and Occupational Therapist. 
Provides goal-oriented treatment interventions, patient/family education and support to address physical, emotional and self-care needs as assigned 
Provides timely and astute information to relevant team members about patient’s performance 
The ability to perform as a coach/mentor and to use sound critical thinking skills is key to achieving patient outcomes and to facilitating team function 
Participates in program planning, continuous quality improvement and evaluation 
Supervise activities of OTA/PTA students, volunteers and co-op students as required 
 Internal Candidates who believe they possess the necessary qualifications and experience for this position and who have been in their current position for at least six (6) months are encouraged to apply. 
 To pursue this career opportunity, please visit our website:  www.trilliumhealthpartners.ca 
 Trillium Health Partners is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering a healthy, safe and respectful environment for healing, based on our values compassion, excellence and courage. To be Better Together, we commit to fostering a respectful workplace culture that promotes a safe and supportive environment for everyone who provides care, supports caregiving, receives care or visits the hospital. 
 In accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005 and the Ontario Human Rights Code Trillium Health Partners will provide accommodations throughout the recruitment and selection process to applicants with disabilities. If selected to participate in the recruitment and selection process, please inform Human Resources of the nature of any accommodation(s) that you may require in respect of any materials or processes used to ensure your equal participation. 
 All personal information is collected under the authority of the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act. 
 Trillium Health Partners is identified under the French Language Services Act. 
 We thank all those who apply but only those selected for further consideration will be contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
