
 
 
 
 
 
 QUESTIONS? CALL:  44-203-936-54-39  (UK Toll Free)   1-888-253-0045  (USA/Canada Toll Free) OR  Chat us on Skype 
 
 We provide opportunities to travel, live and explore China while teaching English. 
 ** 
 44-203-936-54-39  (UK Toll Free) 
  1-888-253-0045  (USA/Canada Toll Free) 
 ** 
Email:  [email protected] 
 WeChat ID: alexandra_taylor 
 Zhong Jun World City, building C, Chaoyang District, Beijing, China 
  Open in Google Maps  
 
 HOME 
 ESL JOBS IN CHINA 
 
 WHY TEACH ENGLISH IN CHINA? 
 SHANGHAI 
 SHENZHEN 
 BEIJING 
 XUZHOU 
 SUZHOU 
 ZHENGZHOU 
 WEIHAI 
 WUXI 
 FUZHOU 
 TAIZHOU 
 WUHAN 
 GUANGZHOU 
 HANGZHOU 
 DALIAN 
 FOSHAN 
 HONG KONG 
 More cities 
 More jobs 
 
 
 ABOUT US 
 TESTIMONIALS 
 BLOG 
 RESOURCES 
 
 F.A.Q. 
 How to apply 
 Teachers' Gallery 
 Documents Legalization 
 Chinese Consulates 
 Third-Party Visa Handlers 
 How to apply for a Chinese Visa 
 Interview Tips 
 Mandarin courses in China 
 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 APPLY  NOW 
 BLOG 
 3 
 David Mitchell 
 Wednesday, 11 March 2020 /  Published in   General 
 Health Check for an English teaching job in China 
 
 If you’ve landed a job in China, you will need to undergo a pre-departure medical checkup in your country. 
 Such checks are a requirement of the Chinese entry-exit bureau and must be carried out in a government-recognized hospital. 
 As with all visa-related issue, there are conflicting stories about how and where you can have your examination carried out. 
 Pre-Departure Medical Check 
 Most schools require you to complete the following  Physical Examination Record Form  whilst still in your home country. 
 
 We recommend going to see your Doctor/ GP to ask them to complete the form as fully as possible. 
 A Doctor should be able to complete the majority of the form from your records without having to perform additional tests. 
 In our experience, the form can be completed as follows and will be accepted by  most  provincial visa offices in China: 
 • The first page should be relatively easy for your doctor to complete; 
 • On the second page, in the top box, a comment such as ‘normal’ is sufficient; 
 • In the chest x-ray and ECG boxes, comment ‘not applicable’; 
 • The final box should include a comment stating that you are fit; 
 • Ask your doctor to then sign the form with a stamp from your doctors’ surgery/ medical center/ hospital 
 • You will also be required to attach a recent passport photo stamped by the doctor or issuing authority 
 This information regarding the medical check is purely a guide, and only for reference; the process of getting a general health check may differ from country to country, so please google the information on how to undergo a basic check if this form cannot be completed. 
 Remember that often you will be required to gain a further medical checkup once you arrive in China, even if you have also had to complete this in your home country. 
 In-China Medical check 
 Once in China, if you have traveled on a Z working visa or are in the process of applying for one, you will be required to have an in-country medical check. 
 This will always take place within the first 30 days of arrival in China; sometimes employers prefer to get it out of the way quickly, so be prepared to potentially have it in your first or second week! 
 It is a relatively simple procedure, that depending on the number of people being processed, will take between 30-60 minutes start to finish. 
 Multiple people will be ‘processed’ simultaneously, and it is very efficient. 
 It’s absolutely nothing to be concerned about! 
 Before your medical check it is important to you remember to: 
 
 Skip breakfast the morning of the medical check 
 Continue to take any prescribed medication and take it with you to the exam so any Doctors are aware 
 Dress sensibly and comfortably. As X-rays will be conducted it’s not a good idea to wear a skirt or dress. 
 
 Your employer will accompany you to a country-level government hospital for the medical check. You will be required to take the following with you: 
 
 Your passport 
 Photocopies of passport material pages including; picture and information page, visa page, entry stamp page 
 5 passport-style photos. Very often your employer will take you to a government authorized photography shop before-hand, these are always located close by or next to government hospitals and Public Security Bureaus 
 The medical check fee (this is usually a little over 400RMB, often your employer will pay) 
 
 The Medical is carried out on behalf of The Ministry of Public Health and the Ministry of Public Security. 
 They will be checking for the following throughout your Medical Check:  Influenza, Poliomyelitis, Malaria, Dengue fever, Relapsing fever, Epidemic typhus HIV and AIDS, Hepatitis B, Plague, Cholera, Yellow fever and other infectious diseases required for disclosure by the State Council. 
 Entry and residence will be denied for those testing positive or showing condition of any of the above in addition to: Severe Psychosis, Infectious Tuberculosis disease, and any other physical or mental conditions, deemed to be a threat to China’s health and safety standards. 
 You’ll usually be required to go to different rooms for the following examinations: 
 
 Blood test with sterile needles and gloves 
 Urine Test 
 Ultrasound 
 ECG 
 Blood pressure check 
 Pulse regularity check 
 Stethoscope check for breathing regularity 
 X-Rays (usually of the torso) 
 Vision test 
 Height and Weight check 
 
 The follow-up Health Certificate will usually take a couple of working days to process following your check. 
 All being well, your employer will register this with the authorities. 
 If you have any related questions, feel free to comment and we will help you out! 
 
 What you can read next 
   
 How should you dress as an ESL teacher in China? - The Complete Guide 
   
 5 Common Cultural Mistakes Foreigners Make When Working in China 
   
 How to apply for a Chinese Tourist Visa in Canada (2020 Guide) 
 Recent Posts 
 
 
 
  4 Essential Tips on How to Learn Chinese Effectively: Where to start in 2020?  
 Have you been interested in learning Mandarin C... 
 
 
 
  8 Essential Tips for Surviving Quarantine in China  
 As the COVID-19 pandemic continues to spread al... 
 
 
 
  New COVID-19 Testing Rules for Foreigners Traveling to China  
 Rule changes for passengers traveling to China ... 
 
 
 
  Beijing Allows in International Flights After 5-Month Ban  
 Beijing is to allow in a select number of inter... 
 
 
 
  Foreign Teachers in China May Be Permitted to Take Part-Time Jobs  
 Foreign teachers in China will be able to take ... 
 Recent Comments 
 
 Apply For China Visa In Usa | Search Results Web results World News, Latest World News, Breaking News  on  🇬🇧 Chinese Work (Z) Visa: The Ultimate Guide for UK citizens in 2020 
 How Long Does It Take To Get A Teaching Degree | ---------------------  on  16 Things To Know Before Teaching English in China (2020 Guide) 
 David Mitchell  on  How to apply for an English teaching job in China 
 AffiliateLabz  on  Documents Legalization for Work Z Visa: The Complete Guide (2020) 
 AffiliateLabz  on  How to apply for an English teaching job in China 
 
 Categories 
 
 Explore China 
 General 
 Teaching certification 
 
 Featured Posts 
 
 
 
  4 Essential Tips on How to Learn Chinese Effectively: Where to start in 2020?  
 0 comments 
 
 
 
  8 Essential Tips for Surviving Quarantine in China  
 0 comments 
 
 
 
  New COVID-19 Testing Rules for Foreigners Traveling to China  
 0 comments 
 
 
 
  Beijing Allows in International Flights After 5-Month Ban  
 0 comments 
 
 
 
  Foreign Teachers in China May Be Permitted to Take Part-Time Jobs  
 0 comments 
 Application form 
 First and Last Name 
 Email 
 Citizenship 
 Age 
 Phone number (optional) 
 Skype ID (Optional) 
 Do you have a degree?YesNo 
 Do you have teaching experience?YesNo 
 Have you worked in China before? 
 When are you ready to start teaching in China? 
 Send me a copy 
 Subscribe to our newsletter 
 Apply 
 MENU 
 
 Home 
 About us 
 FAQ 
 Blog 
 Contact us 
 Why teach English in China? 
 Useful links 
 Teachers' Gallery 
 How to apply for a Chinese Visa 
 How to apply 
 Job board 
 Taizhou 
 Shanghai 
 Beijing 
 Shenzhen 
 Xuzhou 
 Suzhou 
 Hong Kong 
 Hangzhou 
 Guangzhou 
 Nanjing 
 Zhengzhou 
 Tianjin 
 Weihai 
 Wuxi 
 Shijiazhuang 
 Dalian 
 Fuzhou 
 Wuhan 
 Qingdao 
 Foshan 
 Ningbo 
 Huainan 
 Nantong 
 Wenzhou 
 More cities 
 
 Want to know more about teaching English in China? 
 Subscribe to get notified of more awesome content from our blog and get useful tips! 
 Authorized by: 
 GET IN TOUCH 
 44-203-936-54-39  (UK Toll Free) 
  1-888-253-0045  (USA/Canada Toll Free) 
 Office hours: Monday to Friday 1 p.m. - 11 p.m. CST (China) 
 Email:  [email protected] 
  Work and Live in China 
 Zhong Jun World City, building C, Chaoyang District, Beijing, China 
 __Open in Google Maps 
 
 GET SOCIAL 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © 2013-2020 All rights reserved. WORK AND LIVE IN CHINA. 
 TOP 
 
   
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
