Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Senior Marketing Data Analyst, SDM eCommerce 
 Loblaw Digital 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 At Loblaw Digital, we know that our customers expect the best from us. Whether that means building the best, most innovative online shopping experience, or designing an app that will impact the lives of people across the country, we’re up for the challenge. From our office in Downtown Toronto, we’ve created leading eCommerce experiences in the online grocery shopping, beauty, pharmacy, and apparel spaces, and we’re only just getting started. 
 The impact you’ll make 
As a Marketing Analyst on the eCommerce growth marketing team, you will mine, manipulate and extract data from our massive datasets to glean insights which drive strategies for customer acquisition, retention and engagement. You will be the key analytics subject matter expert for the marketing team, which includes setting and managing traffic and order forecasts, analyzing campaign results and collaborating with key functional teams such as marketing intelligence, demand generation, digital messaging, web analytics, data science. Your contribution is key to building leading marketing strategies. 
 We’re looking for a team player and self-starter who gets excited about answering difficult business problems and isn’t afraid to roll up their sleeves and get deep into the data. Our ideal candidate loves to constantly be digging into the ‘why’ and is not afraid to challenge the status quo and ask the difficult questions. You must be able to wade through massive amounts of data, pull out key insights that matter and be able to tell a story through data. 
What you'll do 
Leverage your expertise in data wrangling (using SQL and Python/R) to provide strategic insight and recommendations to marketing peers that will help them develop marketing strategies that meet business goals (i.e. acquisition and retention) 
Deliver deep dive analyses of marketing campaigns and promotional tactics that include strategic recommendations 
Build, implement and refine customer models (i.e. CLV, segmentation, migration) and embed key insights into marketing initiatives 
Lead forecasting for traffic, new and repeat customers, and additional marketing metrics that roll up into business goals (OKRs). Proactively manage against targets and call out risk 
Lead the creation of daily/weekly/monthly/quarterly reporting which includes but is not limited to traffic and customer analyses, post campaign reports and presentations 
Create automated reports and dashboards (using Tableau, Looker) 
Present findings in a clear and concise manner while incorporating best practices in data visualization and story-telling 
Does this Sound like you? 
5+ years of experience analyzing large datasets and extracting meaningful and actionable insights within the sales and marketing analytics space. eCommerce experience is a plus 
Expert in querying transactional, loyalty & web analytics raw data using SQL (using BigQuery Standard SQL is a plus) 
Strong understanding of database structures and schemas 
Understanding of digital marketing and eCommerce best practices 
Sound knowledge of CRM principles and lifecycle marketing strategies (ex. customer journey, acquisition, conversion, loyalty, engagement, retention and attrition models) 
Exceptional organizational, problem solving, critical thinking and analysis skills combined with the ability to synthesize and effectively communicate findings to all levels throughout the organization 
Demonstrated ability to manage priorities, maintain focus while working on multiple complex projects 
Undergraduate degree, preferably in mathematics, business or related disciplines, with a sound understanding of data analytics 
Experience working with raw data from Google or Adobe analytics, Media platforms (ex. Google Marketing Platforms, Facebook), Email Platforms (Salesforce), Experimentation (ex. Adobe Target, Audience Manager) is a plus 
How you’ll succeed 
At Loblaw Digital, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. We’re able to keep innovating because our colleagues are passionate about their work and excited about the future of eCommerce. You will get to work with some of the best digital minds and will have the support of world class technologies to craft products our customers will love! 
 Loblaw Digital recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
