
 
 About
 
 Corporate 
 Mission and Vision 
 Focus Areas 
 Chief Now Officer 
 Partners 
 Events 
 
 Discovery Session 
 Upcoming Events 
 Previous Events 
 Events Photo Gallery 
 
 
 WOYN Book & Other Resources
 
 WOYN - 7 Life Sessions 
 Buy The Book 
 Motivational 
 
 
 
 
 Blog 
 Podcasts 
 Contact Us 
 Search 
 Menu  Menu 
 
 Blog - Latest News 
 You are here:  Home 1 /  Careers 2 / Celebrate Mistakes. Yes That's Correct, Celebrate. 
 
 Celebrate Mistakes. Yes That's Correct, Celebrate.   
 October 28, 2015/ 1 Comment /in  Careers ,  Motivational  /by  Lori Beard-Daily 
 I'm sure that the title of this blog will capture your eyeballs at first glance. That is the reason why I emphasized that there was no mistake when I typed the headline. Throughout being married for 21 years, mothering three children, having too many careers to mention and 14 years of being an entrepreneur, there is one thing I have been very successful at making: mistakes. 
 I know that I'm not the only one out here, either. I have met many people who have experienced the same thing. However, many do not want to talk about it, nor do they want to  celebrate  it. 
 So, why am I? 
 There is a quote that Oprah Winfrey lives by that was given to her by Maya Angelou: "When you know better, you do better." Oprah also says,"You don't have to hold yourself hostage to who you used to be or anything you ever used to do. Who has lived and hasn't made mistakes?" -- Can you think of anyone? I certainly can't. 
 This expression is very freeing because we know that when we do make a mistake, we can start over again. We have a fresh start. We can do better, because we know more than we did the first time. It's a breakthrough and a time to celebrate new beginnings and new possibilities. 
 I'm not saying that it's easy. Some mistakes are irreversible.Others can be life altering. The key is to know that next time you "can" do better, if you "choose" to do better. I have seen people make the same mistakes over and over again with relationships, jobs, family members, personal choices (the list goes on and on). They just can't seem to get it right. They didn't learn anything from any of their mistakes. 
 I used to be puzzled by that. But, now I think that it's simple to understand. Some people not only learn lessons faster, but they also have a desire not to make the same mistake again. Of course, it may be another mistake they make, but more than likely it will probably not be the same one. 
 On the other hand, some people just don't see (or don't want to see) their mistakes. They will never learn and will never know the liberating feeling of making a mistakes and being able to turn that mistake into bona fide accomplishment. They will never know the joy of what it's like to celebrate 
 One of the things we should learn from making mistakes is that first we have to be aware of it when we make one. Secondly, we have to own up to the mistake. And lastly, if it was a mistake that was done to someone else, we need to acknowledge them and try to make amends. This is not always easy, (especially if you are someone who doesn't like to admit when you are wrong). And if we can, try to correct the mistake. That always helps. 
 We can't learn and move forward if we we stay in denial and in the past. One has to feel confident in knowing that mistakes are a part of life's lessons. Once you learn the lesson, you can celebrate in knowing that you are that much closer to getting it right the next time. After all, when you know better you do better, right? 
 WOYN TIP:   Learn to forgive yourself when you make a mistake. Mistakes can present new and better opportunities when you learn from them and use them to grow. 
 Share this entry 
 
 Share on Facebook 
 Share on Twitter 
 Share on WhatsApp 
 Share on Pinterest 
 Share on LinkedIn 
 Share on Tumblr 
 Share on Vk 
 Share on Reddit 
 Share by Mail 
 
 https://workingonyournow.com/wp-content/uploads/2012/08/Ooops1.png 300 800 Lori Beard-Daily https://workingonyournow.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/WOYN_HD_30percent.png Lori Beard-Daily2015-10-28 09:00:402015-10-28 11:06:20Celebrate Mistakes. Yes That's Correct, Celebrate. 
 Recent Posts 
 
 How Do I Love Thee? Let Me Count the Ways 
 Two Questions 
 New Year - Now What? 
 1% Better 
 Financial Habits 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 Darrlyn Averhart on  Too Stressed to Impress 
 Carol Dunlop on  Too Stressed to Impress 
 Maryann Murphy  on  Celebrate Mistakes. Yes That's Correct, Celebrate. 
 FLW on  Just Keep It Movin'! 
 Kei on  For Once, Just Let Time Pass You By 
 
 Like Us On Facebook 
 Recent Articles 
 
   How Do I Love Thee? Let Me Count the Ways February 14, 2019 - 3:44 pm 
   Two Questions January 20, 2019 - 7:31 pm 
   New Year - Now What?January 2, 2019 - 1:46 pm 
   1% Better October 23, 2018 - 3:47 pm 
   Financial Habits September 17, 2018 - 1:00 pm 
 
 Tweets by @ruWOYN 
 (C) Copyright -  Working On Your Now  -  Enfold WordPress Theme by Kriesi 
 
 About 
 Blog 
 Podcasts 
 Contact Us 
 
  Maybe Now Is the Time to Become More Spiritual   It's Time to Fire Ima!  
 Scroll to top 
 Get More Insight into WOYN! 
 WE'RE HERE TO HELP YOU GET STARTED ON YOUR JOURNEY! 
 __ __ 
 2018 Working On Your Now © All rights reserved. 
 Subscribe 
 × 
 Thanks for joining WOYN! 
 WE'RE HERE TO HELP YOU GET STARTED! 
 2018 Working On Your Now © All rights reserved. 
 × 
