Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Mental Health Crisis Worker 
 Good Shepherd Non Profit Homes 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Good Shepherd Non Profit Homes Inc. Hamilton, a ministry of the Hospitaller Order of St. John of God, strives to enhance the quality of life for all who seek assistance and support in our community. The Barrett Centre for Crisis Support requires energetic, passionate people who are committed to a recovery orientation and a consumer driven style of practice. To effectively meet the service needs of diverse groups, applicants must demonstrate an ability to work from an intersectional framework and be committed to working with underserved populations. An opportunity currently exists in the position of: 
 Mental Health Crisis Worker 
 Temporary Full Time (7 Month Contract) 
 The program provides crisis services including 15 short-term respite beds, in-person and 24-hour telephone support, information and referral; crisis assessment, counselling; and symptom stabilization for individuals experiencing a mental health crisis. 
 In a consumer-centred and non-judgmental manner, the Mental Health Crisis Worker will be responsible for: risk and suicide assessment, crisis intervention, de-escalating strategies and care planning, crisis counselling; monitoring and evaluation; family and individual support; linkage and community referral; advocacy; collaboration and coordination with other service providers; and shared hands-on responsibility for program operation. 
 The successful candidate will have a demonstrated commitment to the mission values of responsibility, quality, adaptability, availability and dignity with sensitivity to the issues related to mental health, substance use, poverty, homelessness and dual diagnosis. Related post-secondary education with a degree in social work, nursing or related fields is required.  Candidates must have 5 years’ experience working with adults in mental health, addictions and/or crisis settings.  Must have an ability to adapt interventions using an intersectional approach. Fluency in a 2nd language is an asset. CPR certification or willingness to be certified is required. Must be willing to work twelve-hour rotating shifts and alternate weekends. Potential to remain on in a Relief capacity. 
 Please forward cover letter and resume quoting job number  BC-11-20  by 
 November 25th, 2020 
 Good Shepherd is an equal opportunity employer operating within an anti-racist and anti-oppression framework. We strive to establish workplaces that reflect and are enhanced by the rich diversity of the community we serve. 
 Good Shepherd welcomes and encourages applications from all people with disabilities. Accommodations are available during all aspects of the selection process. If you are in need of accommodations, please contact Human Resources at 905 528-5877 ext. 2265 
 Reference ID: BC-11-20 
 Contract length: 7 months 
 Application deadline: 2020-11-25 
 Job Types: Full-time, Temporary, Contract 
 Salary: $45,000.00-$50,000.00 per year 
 Schedule: 
 
 12 hour shift 
 
 Experience: 
 
 mental health: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
