Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Automotive Apprentice 
 Dilawri Automotive Group 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Automotive Apprentice Technician (Multiple roles) 
 S. Dilawri Automotive Group is currently seeking Apprentice Technicians to join our dynamic team at our following dealerships: 
 Bank Street Mitsubishi 
 Bank Street Hyundai 
 Bank Street Mazda 
 Hyundai on Hunt Club 
 KIA on Hunt Club 
 Dilawri Jeep Dodge Chrysler 
 Barrhaven Chrysler 
 The ideal Apprentice Technician will be a 1st to 3rd year Apprentice with sound knowledge of automotive parts and systems. All levels are welcome to apply! 
 S. Dilawri Automotive Group Offers: 
 1. Hourly Rate/ Flat Rate compensation 
 2. Full Time hours 
 3. On-going Apprentice Technician and management support 
 4. Comprehensive Benefits Plan after 3 months 
 Essential Job Duties: 
 · Diagnose and repair vehicles to manufacturers specifications 
 · Examine customer vehicles and recommend service 
 · Ensure shop is clean and tidy 
 · Assist assigned licensed technicians as needed 
 · Follow dealership and manufacturers service guidelines 
 Position Requirements: 
 · Level 1-3 Apprentice 
 · Ability to perform multiple duties in a high-energy, fast paced environment 
 · Mechanical aptitude and interest 
 · Exhibits positive attitude and great work ethic 
 · Must possess a valid Ontario driver’s license with good driving record 
 · Must provide own tools and safety shots 
 · Demonstrated willingness to learn and succeed 
 · Must be team oriented and hardworking 
 S. Dilawri Automotive Group is the leading automotive retailer in Eastern Ontario with over 400 employees and 10 dealerships located in Ottawa. We pride ourselves on having the top performing dealerships for all our brands. 
 S. Dilawri Automotive Group is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. While we sincerely appreciate all applications, only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent, Apprenticeship 
 Salary: $15.00 to $24.50 /year 
 Experience: 
 
 Automotive Repair: 1 year (Preferred) 
 Auto Body Repair: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Education: 
 
 Secondary School (Required) 
 
 Location: 
 
 Ottawa, ON (Required) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
