Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Paid Patroller - Seasonal - Part Time 
 Blue Mountains/Collingwood 
 __Blue Mountains, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Reporting to the Supervisory team, Paid Patrollers are responsible for ensuring the safety of guests by monitoring trails and surrounding areas for hazards / surface conditions and managing them accordingly. The Patroller will take a proactive approach in customer service active part in skier/ boarder education to reduce ski / snowboard injuries. 
 WHAT’S IN IT FOR ME? 
 Hourly rate of $16.25 
Part Time Hours 
 Resort perks: 
Free Ski/Snowboard Pass; 
Discounted lift tickets you can share with your friends; 
Free rentals; 
Staff priced meals & Starbucks treats; 
Retail savings at Columbia, North Face, Red Devil, Hillside, Lifted and more; 
Staff room rates at all our hotels; 
Reduced rate experiences at all other Alterra Mountain Company resorts. 
 WHAT WILL I BE DOING? 
 Monitor trail conditions and on-hill behaviors 
Meet the operating expectations as they relate to guest experience, safety and effectiveness 
Engaging guests in customer service, wayfinding, and general information about the resort as a whole 
Render first aid and offer assistance as required, completing associated documentation 
Perform incident investigations and ensure proper and complete documentation 
Ensure all aspects of an incident are handled with a high standard of care. 
 WHAT DO WE NEED FROM YOU? 
 Must be 18 years of age 
Valid driver’s license 
Registered or hold current certification at a minimum level of First Responder or equivalent 
Strong Intermediate skier / snowboarder. (able to ski with confidence, all areas of the resort) 
Must possess excellent employee and public relations skills and be of a friendly and cooperative nature 
Must be able to reason and react with quick, thoughtful judgment while remaining calm under pressure 
Must be energetic, and dependable 
Must be able and willing to work in a physically demanding outdoor environment 
Knowledge of resort an asset 
Successful applicants will be required to complete a criminal background check. (vulnerable sector) 
 BLUE MOUNTAIN RESORT COMPANY OVERVIEW 
 Blue Mountain, Ontario’s largest mountain resort is nestled on the shores of Georgian Bay, located 90 minutes north of Toronto. Blue Mountain has become the four-season destination of the North, visited by more than 1.5 million guests a year. Winter at the resort boasts 43 ski and snowboard trails enhanced by a world-class snowmaking system. Summer months offer the largest downhill mountain biking facility in Ontario, Monterra Golf course, Ridge Runner Mountain Coaster, Cascade Putting Course, Timber Challenge Ropes Course, Wind Rider Triple Zips and a private beach property among other seasonal attractions. Year-round the resort attracts visitors to more than 1,000 luxury accommodation units and 45 unique concept restaurants, bars and retail stores in our pedestrian Village. 53,000 square feet of state- of-the-art conference space caters year-round to corporate meeting groups. Blue Mountain is owned by Alterra Mountain Company and offers the Ikon Pass, the new standard in season passes. Visit www.bluemountain.ca for more information. 
 ALTERRA COMPANY OVERVIEW 
 Alterra Mountain Company is a family of 14 iconic year-round destinations, including the world’s largest heli-ski operation, offering the Ikon Pass, the new standard in season passes. The company owns and operates a range of recreation, hospitality, real estate development, food and beverage and retail businesses. Headquartered in Denver, Colorado, with destinations across the continent, Alterra Mountain Company is rooted in the spirit of the mountains and united by a passion for outdoor adventure. Alterra Mountain Company’s family of diverse playgrounds spans six U.S. states and three Canadian provinces: Steamboat and Winter Park Resort in Colorado; Squaw Valley Alpine Meadows, Mammoth Mountain, June Mountain and Big Bear Mountain Resort in California; Stratton in Vermont; Snowshoe in West Virginia; Tremblant in Quebec, Blue Mountain in Ontario; Crystal Mountain in Washington; Deer Valley Resort and Solitude Mountain Resort in Utah; and CMH Heli-Skiing & Summer Adventures in British Columbia. Alterra Mountain Company honors each destination’s unique character and authenticity and celebrates the legendary adventures and enduring memories they bring to everyone. 
 For more information, please visit www.alterramtnco.com 
 Blue Mountain Resort is committed to supporting a culture of diversity and inclusiveness across the organization. We believe in equal opportunity and it is our priority to ensure a barrier-free recruitment and selection process. If you are contacted for a position, please notify Human Resources of any accommodation needs you may have during the selection process. Information received regarding the accommodation needs of applicants will be addressed confidentially. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
