Skip to content 
 
 Gringa of the Barrio 
 A Sassy Barrio Gringa Telling It Like It Is 
 Menu and widgets 
 Gringa of the Barrio 
 gringaofthebarrio 
 A barrio gringa with a dream of cosmic proportions: writing to satiate my insatiable curiosity, worldwide literacy beginning with our youth, and to be the first barrio gringa to explore outer space! 
  View Full Profile ->  
 Follow Gringa of the Barrio on WordPress.com 
 Social 
 
 View gringaofthebarrio's profile on Facebook 
 View @gringaofbarrio's profile on Twitter 
 View gringaofbarrio's profile on Pinterest 
 View UCHHVbmO6PCESpfNUzu8BFOg's profile on YouTube 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 13,944 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Search for: 
 Pages 
 
 About 
 Immigration Posts 
 Watership Down Videos 
 
 Archives 
 
 November 2017 
 October 2017 
 September 2017 
 August 2017 
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 
 Tag: job 
   
 How To Get A Job With NASA As A Research Assistant 
 If you have dreams of outer space like the gringa, just what opportunity is there at NASA? Who are they looking for? What qualifications should upcoming NASA employees plan to pad their resumes with? How much does such an interesting and dynamic job pay? 
 Over half of the jobs available with NASA are at the professional levels for engineers and scientists. If you plan to have a top notch job application for one of these positions, be sure to take as many classes as possible in mathematics, computer and aerospace engineering, meteorology, and even accounting. 
 About twenty-five percent of opportunities are for administrative staff. This kind of NASA role involves analytical skills, top notch researching abilities, specialization with information technology, and budgeting experience. These are college graduate level careers and critical for project management. 
 There is high level competition to get coveted aerospace industry jobs. One of the things to do to secure your best chance of getting hired at NASA is to find a mentor. Many universities have agreements with NASA for research assistants. Check this avenue out to help get a foot in the door for a shot at a job that has earning potential from $11,000 - $30,000 annually. 
 An example of a NASA research assistant job with a college is one that was recently advertised by the Department of Astronomy and Astrophysics at Penn State University. They announced an opening for a Research Assistant in the “Science Planner on the Science Operations Team of the Swift Gamma-Ray Burst” program. This is an ongoing NASA mission that has been operating since 2004. Such a position requires a college degree in Physics or Astronomy. 
 Need scientists only apply? Well, not according to Angela Beaman who has a degree in Fine Arts. She got a research assistant position with NASA through the Horticulture Department at Iowa State University. The first thing she did was let a childhood curiosity about plants encourage an adult decision to pursue more knowledge. She showed up at the university’s horticultural center and simply started asking questions. That eventually led to a NASA fellowship studying the cultivation of basil through hydroponics. She explains that the most important trait to have in pursuing career dreams at NASA is determination which will see a person through a lifetime of continuing education. 
 As the gringa tends to her humble little patio garden, I consider how important these things are that we often take for granted. For space exploration to be possible at the “next level”, it’s not enough to know how to keep humans alive. We also have to know how to keep alive organisms that are life sustaining. Astronauts have to be able to provide some green stuff for long-term missions. This not only feeds their stomachs, but also their lungs as technology advances to create a self-contained biosphere that can sustain life through a long-duration mission. If you want to be a part, take some classes, ask questions, and get involved on any level. 
 Sources: 
 www.nasa.gov 
 https://www.quora.com/How-hard-is-it-to-get-a-research-assistant-position-at-NASA 
 http://www.careerbliss.com/nasa/salaries/graduate-research-assistant/ 
 http://jobregister.aas.org/node/47927 
 Photo credit: 
 http://www.nasa.gov/audience/foreducators/plantgrowth/careercorner/Angela_Beaman_Profile.html 
 30.127128 -95.455183 
 Share this: 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted on  October 2, 2015September 28, 2015 Categories  Aerospace ,  Astronomy ,  Astrophysics ,  Exploration ,  Horticulture ,  Meteorology ,  NASA ,  Physics ,  Science ,  Space Tags  accounting ,  administration ,  administrative ,  administrator ,  aerospace ,  analyst ,  analytical ,  assistant ,  asteroid ,  Astronomer ,  Astronomy ,  astrophysicist ,  astrophysics ,  botanist ,  botany ,  career ,  college ,  comet ,  computer ,  Cosmos ,  earn ,  earning ,  earth ,  employee ,  engineer ,  engineering ,  galaxy ,  gamma ,  horticulture ,  hydroponic ,  job ,  manage ,  management ,  manager ,  mars ,  math ,  mathematics ,  mentor ,  meteor ,  meteorology ,  moon ,  nasa ,  nebula ,  opportunity ,  physicist ,  physics ,  Planet ,  plant ,  research ,  researcher ,  researching ,  science ,  scientist ,  solar ,  space ,  staff ,  Star ,  sun ,  tech ,  technological ,  technology ,  Universe ,  university 4 Comments on How To Get A Job With NASA As A Research Assistant 
 Where The Heck Is Immigration Reform? 
 Houston leads all other Texas cities in population with well over two million people sprawling over an area of almost 600 square miles. According to Huffington Post’s March 5, 2012 article “  Houston Surpasses New York And Los Angeles As The 'Most Diverse In Nation '” by Sara Gates, Houston enjoys a special ethnic based status among all other cities in the United States. At any time of day over 90 different languages and dialects can be heard chatting away within the city limits. According to 2010 census figures, gringos checked in at 51% of Houston’s population. Although Houston’s Hispanic population was officially 44%, it was estimated that close to half a million illegal immigrants also live throughout the Houston area. With so many households not registered with the Census, it could easily be said that Hispanics actually enjoy a much larger slice of Houston’s population pie and could easily be the city’s predominant culture. The Greater Houston Partnership Research Department’s October 2014 report “  Social, Economic and Demographic Characteristics of Metro Houston  ” includes a moderate growth scenario which predicts that by 2015, Hispanics will represent the largest share of Houston’s population and, by 2044 Hispanics will outnumber all other ethnic groups combined. So, it seems that Houston’s ethnic communities continue to grow. With such tremendous growth of the Latin immigrant community, why are their voices not being heard? Where the heck is immigration reform? 
 I believe two reasons Houston’s Hispanic population is so large is geography and climate. Houston is often the first place an immigrant from Central or South America arrives at when they first cross the border. It's simply convenient and economical to stay. For many of these immigrants, Houston’s subtropical climate is quite similar to what they left behind and it creates a comforting familiarity. My husband, for example, immigrated from the jungles of Peru. Houston was his first checkpoint in his new land. He did a brief stint in Georgia and Maryland but, after experiencing their winter season, he high-tailed it back to Houston where you can wear flip-flops and tank-tops in December. 
 Many immigrants come to the United States searching for the opportunity to build a better life. These immigrants also prefer to stay in Houston because it's a hotbed of opportunity. According to U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, Houston consistently led the rest of the country in “total nonfarm employment” job growth from March 2010-March 2015. Many of these jobs are performed, on and off the books, by Houston’s Hispanic population. I believe if almost half a million undocumented people are contributing to Houston’s economic success, these people deserve the opportunity to become legitimate Houstonians. Immigration reform is long overdue. 
 It seems to this gringa that the task of trying to process the existent undocumented immigrant community is a job way too extensive for our already overburdened judicial system to take on. That is one reason why I support amnesty. Another reason is because I do not place all the blame of an undocumented person’s illegal status on the immigrant. For decades Americans chose to turn a blind eye to immigrants that secretly crossed the border. The people of this country knew they were coming and made non-enforcement our country's unofficial border policy at the Rio Grande. Suddenly, many in the United States not only want to change this unspoken policy, but they also want to demonize the undocumented workers that arrived here during a time when they were passively welcomed. Our country wanted to enjoy the fruits of low paid labor. Our citizens wanted their landscapers, live-in nannies, and farm workers. For decades U.S. citizens were willing to benefit from undocumented worker labor. Now, America, you refuse to play the game you started. You want to take your ball and go home. The complicated repercussions of such a temper tantrum could very well be economically and socially disastrous. 
 The United States is just as much at fault for the current undocumented immigrant issue by creating a situation that enabled millions of undocumented workers to easily immigrate and build a new life. The country then needs to accept responsibility and stop crying foul. We should not rip families apart by keeping within our borders those who were born here and send the others back to their country of origin. We do not need to create a vacuum of loss in our economy by suddenly disappearing profitable businesses and vital service industries that the community is interdependent upon. We do not need to allow  documented  immigrants to point and wag their fingers and self-righteously proclaim, “If WE can do it the right way, so can you.” Stop that. It’s not helpful. As you pass judgment on this group of people you are absolutely clueless of the conditions of their life journey and it does not solve the problem. We do not need to get on our defensive high horses and scream, “But they are taking our jobs!” We need to stop perpetrating this lie because the truth is most gringos and gringas believe they are too good for the job of busboy, housekeeper, landscaper or floor sweeper. The unspoken, politically incorrect truth is that most Caucasians simply refuse to apply for such jobs as tomato picker, fruit sorter, launderer, seamstress, nanny, busboy and gardener. The politically incorrect truth is that America has created a culture of entitlement and a corresponding population that believes those jobs are for the “illegals”. Not only are immigrants not "stealing" anyone's jobs, many of these people are true entrepreneurs creating their own jobs as well as jobs for others, hiring staff to work alongside them in their landscape business, housecleaning service or mobile taqueria. 
 Please be honest with yourself, America. Political correctness solves nothing because, although it may be a feel good/sound good message and doesn’t hurt anyone’s feelings, political correctness usually has nothing to do with the truth. It’s like when the esposa asks the esposo, “Does this make me look fat?” And, yes, it most certainly does make her look fat but he knows better than to say the truth or there will be a rumble in the barrio. So, he diplomatically lies in order to spare her feelings, “No. What, are you crazy? You look great!” And then she goes out and the whole familia starts gossiping about how Tia is probably pregnant. Look at how much weight she’s gained. See, political correctness is stupid. Without accepting and dealing with the real truth of issues, progress can never be accomplished. So, political correctness junkies, just stop it. 
 Our country is faced with the job of processing a vast population of undocumented workers. This presents a task so daunting that it would be another decade or two before the court system worked its way down the list to even begin processing immigrants who entered the United States under a new immigration policy today. I say the only reasonable solution is amnesty for those undocumented workers that are here  now . Wipe the slate clean. Legalize the ones we have and start anew with a streamlined, simplified, affordable immigration policy that makes it possible for the impoverished immigrant to escape a hellish reality just as easily as a privileged immigrant who has the means to be college educated in America. Our policy of rejecting the lowly has been proven wrong by the thousands upon thousands who have come here with nothing and have created their own opportunity and built their own version of the American dream. If you don’t believe me and need a strong dose of reality, I invite you to my barrio so you can see for yourself. Mi casa es su casa. The gringa will keep the café hot and the chicha morado cold while I wait for you! 
 Share this: 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted on  May 25, 2015 Categories  class warfare ,  immigrant ,  immigrant labor ,  immigrant worker ,  immigrate ,  immigration ,  immigration reform ,  labor ,  laborer ,  working class Tags  amnesty ,  barrio ,  border ,  border control ,  border patrol ,  busboy ,  Central America ,  chicha morado ,  culture ,  demographic ,  dialect ,  diverse ,  diversity ,  economic ,  economy ,  employment ,  entrepreneurs ,  ethnic ,  familia ,  farm labor ,  gringa ,  gringo ,  hispanic ,  housekeeper ,  Houston ,  illegal ,  illegal alien ,  illegal status ,  immigrant ,  immigrate ,  immigrated ,  immigration ,  immigration policy ,  immigration reform ,  job ,  job growth ,  labor ,  landscaper ,  latin ,  Latin America ,  latina ,  latino ,  legal status ,  nanny ,  opportunity ,  politically correct ,  reform ,  Rio Grande ,  social ,  taqueria ,  Texas ,  undocumented ,  undocumented worker Leave a comment on Where The Heck Is Immigration Reform? 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
