
 Freelancers  __ 
 Freelancers JobsEmployersServices 
 __Search Now 
 Cancel  __ 
 __ 
 
 Home 
 Projects 
 Services 
 Freelancers 
 
 Sign In 
 Join Now 
  __ 
 10 Freelance Jobs You Can Turn into a Business from Home 
 
 Home 
 Articles 
 Article detail 
 
 
 __October 25, 2020 
 
 In today’s connected world, advancement in technology has made it possible for entrepreneurs to choose how, when and where to work. They are now discovering ways to use remote work to start their entrepreneurship ideas; with their business headquartered at home. 
Some are converting their spare room into a mini-warehouse for products, while others are completely running their businesses online. But generally, they are starting their home-based businesses using existing space and means. 
 In this article, we will look at 10 freelance jobs you can turn into a business from home. Once you find your way, you’ll be able to develop long-term skills, that can help you to build a successful career or a lucrative, home-based business. 
 10 Freelance Jobs You Can Turn into a Business from Home 
 You can start your own freelancing business—you can run it full time or as a side hustle. You can start using your home as your base of operations. Starting a freelancing business, working from home, don’t require buying and holding inventory, you can even work on the go, without the need to be bound to your home. 
 While there are plenty of ways to go about starting as a freelancer, the following are some of the most lucrative freelance jobs that, pay well, and can set you on a successful career path if you are willing to do the work. 
 1.  Online Tutor 
 You could make a living by helping those who are struggling with passing their courses. You help them out by teaching them what you know. You can teach college students and kids – from elementary school to high school; there are plenty of kids who needs your help. 
Thankfully, with the Internet, you are not limited to your local geographic area. You can teach kids and people from around the world. 
 2. Social Media Manager 
 Some people are good at getting likes, comments, and motivating others through their posts. If this is you, you might want to consider turning this into a profession. Social media managers help companies to build communities on social media. You can get hired to engage these communities in conversations - getting lots of comments -and encouraging them to take some sorts of action - reading blog posts, signing up to email list or buying products. Social media managers also help in building brand awareness for organizations. 
 3. Freelance Writer 
 Freelance writers write contents that build relationships and promotes sales for companies. There is a rising need for freelance writers now. Organizations want to build long term trust with their target audiences; they do that by providing top quality contents. 
To succeed as a freelance writer, you need to stay up to date on marketing trends and research; and you must know the content types that work best and when. 
 4. Resume Writer 
 If you are successful at getting lots of interest from great companies, based on your resume, you can offer resume writing services to others. You can help ensure their resumes shine a light on their accomplishments and the value they have to provide, in a way that speaks to employers. Also, you can offer a LinkedIn profile writing services. Many recruiters are looking for potential employees on this professional social network. 
 5. Transcriptionist 
 A transcriptionist listens to audio recordings and transcribes the recording. The key to success as a transcriptionist is to be extremely accurate; so you need to pay great attention to details. This job also requires fast typing. The faster you type, the more you can earn per hour. 
 6. Freelance Web Designer 
 As a freelance web designer, you will need to prove more than your ability to design beautiful websites. It might be easy to build your website; however, most people cannot or don’t have the time. You can make money building websites and blogs for others. However, to succeed as a web designer, you must understand what works in user experience and CRO (Conversion Rate Optimization). You must know how to create websites that will your clients get their desired results-driving visitors to download something or buy a product. 
 10. Online Influencer 
 If you know something many people are struggling with or you have a hobby, a passion, or an interesting life. You might want to consider starting a blog, a podcast or be active on any of the major social media networks. Sometimes, it could take time to build a big audience. As your audience grows, you may consider selling your services - like coaching, consulting or products - you will also be making money by recommending other people’s products and getting sponsorship. 
 8. Copywriter 
 Another writing job you can do from home is copywriting. Your role involves creating text for advertisements or promotional material that a business needs. This role might also include contents creation, products descriptions writing for online shopping sites, or creating captions for social media posts. 
 9. Graphic Designer 
 Organizations have lots of designs to do; they may not have the capacity to hire an in-house to create their contents. If you have a good design background, you can always find companies that need your services. To succeed as a graphic designer, you will need a professional (or academic background) in graphic design and experience using design software like Adobe Photoshop and Illustrator. 
 10. Editing and Proofreading 
 If you are a seasoned grammarian or you have a solid eye for details, you can find editing and proofreading jobs that suit your level of skill and experience. 
 Conclusion 
 As far as working from home is concerned, we live in the best of time. As more companies are allowing people to work from, the only tools you will need to start is a computer and an Internet connection. 
 The examples given above are to get you thinking. There are many job opportunities you can find on our  website . Look the best job that suits your skill sets and start your journey to building a successful freelance business, working from home. 
 More to Read: 
 How to Position Your Business for Success 
 Build a Powerful Personal Brand for Your Freelance Business 
 8 Traits Of Successful Entrepreneurs 
 7 Small Business Marketing Tips 
 How To Make Money With Your Smartphone 
 2 Comments 
 
 
 How To Make Money With Your Smartphone - WorkAforce | Top Freelance Marketplace 
 
 
 3 months ago 
 […] You may be interested in: 10 Freelance Jobs You Can Turn into a Business from Home […] 
 
 
 8 Traits Of Successful Entrepreneurs - WorkAforce | Top Freelance Marketplace 
 
 
 3 months ago 
 […] You may be interested in: 10 Freelance Jobs You Can Turn into a Business from Home […] 
 Comments are closed.  __ 
 Search By Location 
 
 Jobs In Nigeria 
 + View All 
 
 Categories 
 
 Articles  (9) 
 
 
 Top freelance marketplace - hire top talents, find work. 
 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
 
 Company 
 
 About Us 
 Contact Us 
 Partnership 
 Blog 
 
 Support 
 
 Buying on Workaforce 
 Selling on Workaforce  
 Trust and Safety  
 
 New at Workaforce? Registration is easy ! 
 Join Now 
 Copyright (C) 2020. Andalon Technologies, All Right Reserved. 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 Terms & Conditions 
 
 Login 
  __ 
 Keep me logged in login 
 Get Password 
 I Agree to  Terms & Conditions 
   Not a member?   Signup Now Reset Password? 
  __ 
 Join Workaforce 
 Get started by creating your freelance or company account. 
 
 01 
 02 
  03 
  04  
 
 Start Now  
