OTF Soccer 
 ANALYSIS. INSIGHT. FLUFF. 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Contributors 
 
 Search 
   
  George Gorecki    Uncategorized 
 Montreal’s Impact Players Get the Job Done 
  April 17, 2016   
 (Photo courtesy USA Today Sports) 
 Two critical goals from Didier Drogba and Ignacio Piatti in the second half wiped out Kennedy Igboananike’s first-half strike and visiting Montreal came away 2:1 winners at Toyota Park on Saturday. The Fire’s attack spent most of the afternoon sputtering, as the team’s main offensive threats were starved of any service. For a team that seeks to control the tempo of a match by controlling the ball, the Fire continue to fall far short of that standard. 
 Goalkeeper Matt Lampson was nowhere near his best. He had several shaky moments managing his 18-yard box and his clunker of a clearance in the second half helped Montreal find the equalizer. 
 The Fire’s four-game unbeaten run skidded to a halt. The streak was based on stellar defensive work, during which the Fire conceded just one goal. The Fire recorded three shutouts in that time, two of them 0:0 draws. They extended the goalless string to 411 minutes, setting a club record. 
 The Fire’s attack, however, has been largely impotent since their four-goal outburst in the opening match. Since then, the Fire have scored just three times. Although the absence of their most dangerous attacker, David Accam, has been crucial to the lack of scoring chances, the reality is that the Fire have been unable to consistently move the ball through their midfield. As a result, most of the attacking opportunities have been funneled through Igboananike and Gilberto. The Fire need more options and other players have not stepped in to fill those roles. 
 Coach Veljko Paunovic tweaked his first 11 from the lineup he used in the last two matches. Holding midfielder Matt Polster made way for John Goosens, who played the central midfield spot behind striker Gilberto. Razvan Cocis dropped back to join Michael Stephens as the holding midfield pair in what has become Paunovic’s standard 4-2-3-1 system. 
 Maintaining possession eluded the Fire almost completely. They spent much of the first half on the back foot, allowing the Impact to move the ball around with ease . And Montreal were quite adept at playing in a simple fashion. Donny Toia, Eric Alexander and Kyle Bekker were key players in finding open space and getting the ball to open players. 
 Montreal were not far from opening their account in the 11th minute. Bekker launched a free kick from the left wing and found Hassoun Camara floating in at the far post. Lampson chose not to challenge for the ball and backed up. Camara headed down and Lampson misjudged the flight of the ball. Jonathan Campbell rescued the situation by clearing the ball off the line. 
 In the 29th minute, the Fire awakened from their offensive slumber long enough to grab the lead. Arturo. Alvarez sent a long pass out of the back for Gilberto in the center circle. Gilberto turned immediately and accelerated into space, forcing four Montreal players to turn and chase. He laid off a well-timed pass for Igboananike on the left. Igboananike had time and space in the upper left corner of the penalty area and beat goalkeeper Evan Bush with a rising shot into the top corner of the goal. Despite what had been a toothless attacking display to that point, the Fire had that valuable 1:0 lead and could reasonably count on their defense to do the rest of the job. 
 Matt Polster entered the match at halftime, replacing Alvarez. He took his usual spot next to Stephens, which pushed Cocis up one spot. Goosens occupied the right wing in the second half. 
 Montreal countered with their own substitution five minutes later, as Drogba replaced Johan Venegas. The ivorian made his presence felt a mere six minutes later, presiding over an equalizer that was a comedy of errors. It started innocently enough when Polster, knocked a pass back for Lampson in order to avoid a clump of Impact players at midfield. Drogba gave chase to pressure Lampson, who tried to clear to Michael Harrington on the left side. Lampson miskicked the ball very badly and Dominic Oduro rushed in to intercept. The botched clearance left the Fire’s players in the back poorly positioned to react. Harrington raced back to defend Oduro, while Campbell was in the middle of the box, halfway between Oduro and Drogba. Oduro slid a pass inside to Drogba, who hit a nasty back-heel past a sprawling Lampson to bag the equalizer. 
 In the 76th minute, huge work by Polster to keep possession at midfield ignited a Fire attack. He beat four Montreal players and he carried to the byline. Polster sent an excellent diagonal ball back for Alex Morrell (who had replaced Goosens in the 58th minute), who hit it first-time from the penalty spot, only to see Bush go full stretch to push the ball around the post. 
 Montreal’s winner came in the first minute of stoppage time and seemed to materialize out of nowhere. They brought the ball up methodically, with Oduro lofting a pass out to Piatti on the left flank. Rodrigo Ramos came over to engage him, but did not expect a shot from the top corner of the penalty area. Piatti did not hesitate to launch it and placed it in a spot that Lampson could not possibly reach. Game over, no points again for the Fire in a home match. 
 It would be a gross oversimplification to look at Lampson’s bad clearance and say that the Fire lost the game because of one play. The Fire lost the game because of a lack of attacking capability. Against New York, the Fire generated zero shots on goal. Against Montreal, only Igboananike’s goal and Morrell’s late shot found the target. This simply is not enough.The lack of productivity at the offensive end places a tremendous burden on the defense to pitch a shutout every week. This Fire team is not Italy’s World Cup team of 1982. Until the Fire can find new ways to score goals, they will be spending a lot of time chasing the game. 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) 
 Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 
 More 
 
 
 
 Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) 
 Click to print (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Post navigation 
 <- Fire, NYC Fail to Light the Lamp 
 Fire, DC, Weather, All Look Dreary -> 
 What do you think?  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 "The ball is round. The game lasts ninety minutes. This much is fact. Everything else is theory." 
 
 
 Drink at RIPH in Blue Island 
 
 OTF Soccer is: 
 
   a1exwhite 
   Austin Fido 
   Brian Howe Battle 
   Cory Jensen 
   Jon Denham 
   Jacob E. Peters 
   James Vlahakis 
   Joe Maskivish 
   Juan Santoliva 
   Lucas Hammer 
   Scott Fenwick 
   Nick Fox 
   OTF Soccer 
   Ricardo Ortiz 
   Rob Thompson 
   Robert Suarez 
   Sam Fels 
   Shane Nicholson 
   Stephen Mangat 
   George Gorecki 
   T.J. Zaremba 
   Vadim Furmanov 
 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
 Unbeaten Run Reaches an Incredible 9 Matches 
 Fire Hang On For Massive Road Win 
 Unbeaten in 7, Fire Climb to Within a Point of First Place 
 Nine-Man Orlando Keep Fire in Check 
 Fire End Grueling Stretch With Another Win 
 Fire Road Win? A Capitol Idea! 
 Engine Company: Who The F#*k is D.C. United? - Answered 
 Can Anyone Stop Nikolic? 
 “The Smiles Are Back in Bridgeview …” 
 Fire Go Jekyll and Hyde in LA 
 
 Articles 
 
 A Chicago Futbol Life 
 Chicago Fire 
 Chicago Fire Breakdown 
 Chicago Fire Fluff 
 Chicago Fire Front Office 
 Chicago Fire Match Previews 
 Chicago Fire Match Reviews 
 Chicago Fire Player Profiles 
 Chicago Fire Power Rankings 
 Chicago Fire Preseason 
 Chicago Fire Training Notes 
 Chicago Red Stars 
 Chicago Soccer History 
 Concacaf Champions League 
 Concacaf Gold Cup 
 Concacaf U20 Championship 
 Concacaf World Cup Qualifiers 
 Editorial/Opinon 
 Essays 
 Inside the Fire 
 Know Your Enemy 
 Major League Soccer 
 Maths Apology 
 MLS Cup Playoffs 
 Monday Musings 
 NASL 
 NWSL 
 OTF Roundtables 
 Saints' March: Saint Louis FC Soccer Update 
 Section 8 
 Trash Talk Fridays 
 U.S. Men's National Team 
 U.S. Open Cup 
 Uncategorized 
 US Open Cup 
 USL 
 USMNT 
 USWNT 
 Womens World Cup 2015 
 World Cup 2014 
 
 OTF Soccer on Twitter 
 
 RT @ samsarmy : BREAKING: Important breakthrough in contract negotiations w/ @ DaxMcCarty11 . NEW EPISODE: Balon d’Or shortlist, EPL results,…  1 year ago 
 RT @ DaxMcCarty11 :  #NewProfilePic   #IAmTheMLSPA  @ MLSPA   https://t.co/p3KL24IY2G   1 year ago 
 RT @ DaxMcCarty11 : Really proud of our group. 3rd game in a week, 2nd straight game of playing more than a half down a man. We always fight…  1 year ago 
 
 Follow @OTFSoccer 
 
 Alajuelense   Alex   Alvaro Fernandez   Andrew Hauptman   Argentina   Arne Friedrich   Austin Berry   Bakary Soumare   Benji Joya   Brasil 2014   Brazil   Brazil 2014   CCL 2014-15 group stage   cf97   Chicago Fire   Chicago Fire Soccer   Chivas USA   Chris Rolfe   Club America   Columbus Crew   CONCACAF   Cruz Azul   D.C. United   DailyCupCheck   Dan Gargan   Daniel Paladini   DC United   Dilly Duka   Dominic Oduro   El Tri   Frank Klopas   Frank Yallop   Germany   Ghana   Gonzalo Segares   Harry Shipp   Houston Dynamo   Jalil Anibaba   Jeff Larentowicz   Joel Lindpere   Jozy Altidore   Juan Luis Anangono   Jurgen Klinsmann   LA Galaxy   Landon Donovan   Logan Pause   Los Catrachos   Los Ticos   Major League Soccer   Marco Pappa   Michael Bradley   Mike Magee   MLS   MLS Playoff Race   Montreal Impact   New England Revolution   New York Red Bulls   Patrick Nyarko   Philadelphia Union   Portland Timbers   Portugal   Quincy Amarikwa   Real Salt Lake   San Jose Earthquakes   Sean Johnson   Seattle Sounders   Section 8 Chicago   Sherjill MacDonald   Sporting Kansas City   Toronto FC   U.S. Open Cup   USMNT   Vancouver Whitecaps   World Cup 2014   WorldCupPreviews 
 Archives 
 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
