  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Advertising on Google, Facebook Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance Advertising on Google, Facebook Expert ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/en/hire/advertising-on-google-facebook-1) 
 11 hours ago 
 The state of Gresha 
 Published: 11 hours ago  Bids: 0 
 The area at the foot of mount Shashan is called  Gresha.This  area consist of two parts, obe is Balina (upper) Gresha and the other is Zerina (lower)Gresha. These two areas are separated from the natural boundaries  of mount Zabad. Gresha zerina consist of 21 villages. 
The population  of the smallest village is not less than 500 but there are no signs of any development work of the government. Electricity ,Gas, Paved roads, Water supply system, college and Dams are nit available. People are living the old way of life as we have read in the stories, people and animals drank water in the same pond. 
People live on their own. 
Although the land of Gresha is fertile. Apart from agriculture, people are unfamiliar with other fields like doctor and engineering  etc. 
 In agricultuer, people cultivate wheat, barly, cotton, onion, watermelon, melon and lentils. These products are of good quality all over Pakistan. However due to the unpaved roads in the morket, farmers have to spend more and suffer a lot. 
It is a fact that the government and sami-government agencies are not paying any attention to the people of Gresha. 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Article writing 
 Published by:  H. U. Last reply: 7 hours ago  Pakistan 
 Over USD 3,000 
 1 week ago 
 Age of Golf (E-commerce) 
 Published: 1 week ago  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 9 
 Looking for a professional with experience in e-commerce that can manage a recently created store and make grow the business. 
 In addition to attending emails and messages from customers, the candidate will have to design and manage advertising campaigns on social networks, admin the list of products, deal with suppliers, process the orders, etc. 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 Published by:  A. Last reply: 5 days ago  Philippines 
 Less than USD 10 / hour 
 2 weeks ago 
 Google Ads & Ppc Campaign for an Office Brokerage in London 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Bids: 5 
 Lead generation from Google Ads - PPC 
 We’re an Office Brokerage Company recently incorporated in London - UK and we need a highly experienced Google Ads Expert to generate some leads in this highly competitive market. 
 -Highly targeted keywords with a good CTR (Most of the keywords in the serviced office/ flexible workspace industry are very expensive for that reason we need a good PPC research of some keywords/areas that we can place our bids) 
-Other initiatives to nurture brand presence and lead generation 
-Digital marketing initiatives to scale 
-Plan a campaign, select the best audiences, write compelling copy 
-Ads experience - search, display, youtube 
-Maintain and monitor keyword bids, daily and monthly budget caps, CPA, impression share, quality score and other KPIs. 
 Our Campaign Objectives: 
 Keyword Research 
Competitive Analysis 
Campaign Structure Planning 
Campaign Planning 
Media Planning 
Website Tagging Check & Recommendations for Custom Conversion if Needed 
Landing Page Planning & Copy Writing 
Campaign Setup 
Campaign Optimization 
Monthly Reporting 
 Fluent written and spoken English 
Vast experience of PPC / Google Ads (Bing Ads is a plus+) 
Great communication / Work Ethic 
 Copy-paste replies to this project will be ignored. 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Advertising on Google, Facebook 
 What do you need?  : Medium-sized campaigns 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  P. F. United Kingdom Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 100 - 250 
 2 weeks ago 
 Social Media Manager, Virtual Assistant 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Bids: 1 
 Company Background: Athena CPAs and Advisors LLC is an accounting firm that provides consulting auditing services, with 3 years of experience. We service small and medium-size companies with attestation services, which include financial statement reviews and audits. We are in the search of a reliable, flexible, organized, and detailed-oriented Audit Associate to support us in growing the business and that wants to grow with us, to elevate the user experience for our customers. 
 You will be responsible: 
•    Working closely with the founder on multiple supporting / assisting activities. 
•    Social Media management (scheduling/photo editing/hashtag research and more). 
•    Data collection and data entry tasks. 
 •    Web and market research. 
•    Finding Emails/Contact details from Websites. Email list building. 
 LinkedIn search. Lead generation. 
•    Basic graphic design and photo editing activities. 
 •    Formatting documentation and presentations. Proofreading. 
•    Production of reports. 
 •    Scraping and Extracting data from the Websites. 
•    Addressing of reviews, feedback and defects or enhancements raised against the deliverables. 
•    Attending agile ceremonies to check on progress and agree next steps.. 
 Your essential skills and experience: 
•    Excellent communication skills, detailed-oriented, and fast learner. 
•    Positive attitude and demonstrate a willingness to learn 
•    Work constructively with the manager, sharing responsibility, providing support, maintaining communication, and updating senior team members on progress 
•    Contribute ideas/opinions to the assurance teams and listen/respond to other assurance team members' views 
•    Demonstrate professionalism and competence in the audit client's environment 
•    Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English 
•    Excellent MS Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint) 
•    Video conferencing tools (Zoom, Google Meet). 
•    Ability to work in a lean-agile development environment. 
 Desired Skills 
•    Transcription and production of training material (if you don’t have experience on this, we can train you to augment your skill set). 
•    Experience working for the education sector. 
•    Experienced with Canva, Zoho. 
 •    Experienced with Trello / Confluence and Slack. 
•    Fluent Spanish is a plus 
 Additional Information: 
•    The initial phase of work should take up to 20 hours (spread over 4 weeks). 
•    Ongoing potential development work, beyond this first assignment, will last several months. 
 There is plenty of work to do - we look to establish a nourishing relationship with longevity where you feel valued and there is mutual trust; our intention is not to just have a “one gig” type of work. 
•    Work will be carried out remotely. You should be available to chat on progress and answer any questions Mondays and/or Wednesdays and/or Fridays from 10 am to 2 pm est (these are the core hours). 
 •    It is your responsibility to ensure that you have a highly reliable and rapid internet connection as well as a machine to ensure you are reachable on core hours, that you can take video calls, and in essence to ensure that you can collaborate and work as part of the team. 
 Our values and your personality – We take this part very seriously, so you should not apply if the below does not resonate with you: 
•    Quality: We provide unsurpassed service that, together, deliver premium value to our customers. 
•    Integrity: We uphold the highest standards of integrity in all our actions. 
•    Teamwork: We work together, across boundaries, to meet the needs of our customers, and to help our Company win. 
 •    Respect for People: We value our people, encourage their development, and reward their performance. 
•    A Will to Win: We exhibit a strong will to win in the marketplace and every aspect of our business. 
•    Personal Accountability: We are personally accountable for delivering on our commitments. 
 •    Trust, Sincerity & Respect: best relationships are based on mutual trust and respect. We are feedback seekers and givers as this unleash the utmost quality to our customers. 
•    Relentless Humility: We do not like drama. 
 We believe in Good Karma. 
 If you are looking to work in a large corporation and your sole motivator is short-term financial compensation or if working in a place with an unhealthy and toxic culture is something you do not mind, you should not apply. If all this sounds like the place you would like to join, you should apply! 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Images for social networks 
 What do you need?  : Find free-to-use images 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  L. Z. Last reply: 2 weeks ago  United States 
 USD 50 - 100 
 Last month 
 French speaking Facebook ads specialist / Media Buyer 
 Published: Last month  Bids: 1 
 HIRING A french speaking media buyer 
 we are looking for a facebook ads manager who will join our full time team to drive great results for our real estate clients. We are a digital marketing agency in Montreal and we help real estate brokers get more clients through Facebook ads. 
‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ 
You will work in collaboration with our other specialists and be responsible for the following tasks: 
‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ 
- Manage entire client Facebook ad accounts 
- Split-testing and optimization of advertisements to reduce CPL while improving lead quality 
- Communicate with customers in written form and using calls 
- Summarize campaign performance directly to customers 
‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ 
You must meet all of the following requirements to be considered for this position: 
‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ 
- Can write and speak English and French perfectly 
- Available to work 40 hours per week Monday to Friday 
‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ 
Role schedule: Full time (40 hours per week) 
‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ 
Experience required: No experience required necessary 
‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ 
Compensation: To be discussed 
‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ 
Location: Virtual / Remote 
‍‍‍‍‍‍ ‍‍ 
Apply here: https://forms.g 
le/vHs8ovF13LeE9XANA 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Advertising on Google, Facebook 
 What do you need?  : Small campaigns, for few products or services 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  M. B. Canada 
 USD 1,000 - 3,000 
 Last month 
 Need Virtual Assistant, Administrative assistant, lead generation a... 
 Published: Last month  Bids: 11 
 Hello,need admins with basic sem/seo, facebook ads, gumtree ads, etc. Experience. Blog updates, Twitter updates , Instagram, Facebook with email marketing experience please. 
Article writing and blog posting. An english written and speaking competent experienced Virtual Assistant that can help with my online Wellness business. Experience please. 
Available 24/7, quick response time, task and goal oriented, deadline consciousness for the following tasks. Personal management/ coordination. A professional Virtual Assistant with good experience and background that can work with me in long term bases. 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Virtual Assistant 
 Published by:  S. D. Last reply: Last month  United Kingdom 
 USD 100 - 250 
 Last month 
 Facebook Conversion Ads Campaign Manager 
 Published: Last month  Bids: 8 
 We are looking for somebody experienced in running Facebook website conversion ad campaigns with high ROAS, ideally a former Facebook employee. 
 Evidence of previous success is preferred. 
 This individual will need to have their own aged and used business managers and ad accounts on which to run ads. 
 They would need to be able to manage Facebook pages, add content, interact with visitors and comments. 
 And also be able and willing to deal by themselves with ad rejections and account/BM shut downs. 
 Highly desirable is the knowledge and ability to research winning ads in the niche on Facebook and help reverse engineer top pages and funnels in the niche. 
 The research will be used to make variant ad copy and images and landing pages which will then be used to make more assets to give to them to run and test. 
 As part of this process I and my team would need access to the BMs as an admin. 
 If any freelancer who fits this description has colleagues with a similar skill set then their applications can also be considered. 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Advertising on Google, Facebook 
 What do you need?  : Small campaigns, for few products or services 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  K. A. United Kingdom 
 USD 1,000 - 3,000 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
