Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Nursing/PSW Students Kitchener-Waterloo 
 Qualicare Waterloo 
 __Kitchener, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Calling all Nursing and PSW (Personal Support Worker) Students! 
 QCareKWC is looking for compassionate, caring and reliable nursing students to join our family as Caregivers and Personal Support Workers (PSW's). As a nursing student employed with QCareKWC, you have the opportunity to seamlessly transition from a PSW position to a nursing position and continue to be employed with us a a nurse (RPN or RN). 
 Proof of enrollment to your nursing program and/or proof of completion of your first term/year of your program makes you equivalent to a certified Personal Support Worker. 
 As a QCareKWC employee, you will make a difference in the lives of our clients and their families through compassionate, client focused care. As an employer, we recognize your value as a caregiver by offering: 
 
 Competitive wages 
 Flexible hours 
 Referral bonuses 
 Continuing education and training programs 
 
 Personal Support Worker (PSW) Role: 
• 
 Flexibility in attending home care shifts 
 
 Assistance with personal care, hygiene, and grooming 
 Basic meal preparation 
 Light housekeeping (vacuuming, laundry, dishes etc.) 
 Accompany clients on outings; appointments, shopping, and errands as needed 
 Medication reminders 
 Assisting clients with mobility, ambulation, and transfers 
 Companionship 
 Embodies the QCareKWC Core Values: 
 Beyond The Usual 
 Find The Joy 
 Client Focused 
 Be the Difference 
 Transparent, Honest and Respectful 
 Better Together 
 Delivering Quality With Every Action 
 Listen Learn and Grow 
 
 Personal Support Worker (PSW) Requirements: 
 
 Personal Support Worker certificate or equivalent (I.e. Health Care Aide, DSW, Foreign Trained Nurses, caregiver with life experience) 
 Valid work or study permit (if applicable) 
 Current CPR/First aid certification 
 Recent vulnerable sector screening 
 Up-to-date immunization record (TB Test, MMR, TDAP, Varicella, Hep B) 
 Gentle Persuasive Approach (GPA) is considered an asset 
 Non-Violence Crisis Intervention (NVCI) is considered an asset 
 Reliable transportation (access to a vehicle) required 
 Applicants must have the ability to travel within a defined territory, caregivers must be able to visit multiple clients in one day 
 Excellent communication and documentation skills 
 Ability to follow client care plan 
 Strong problem solving skills 
 
 While we thank all applicants, only qualified candidates will be contacted for an interview. 
 Job Type:  Casual, Part-Time, Flexible 
 Tags:  PSW, Personal Support Worker, Health Care Aide, Home Care, Homecare, Caregiver, Hospital 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
