
 Skip to navigation 
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to primary sidebar 
 Skip to secondary sidebar 
 Skip to footer 
 
 [ 
 scorpiomind 
 A Scorpio's Viewpoint Of Life In General 
 ](https://scorpiomind.wordpress.com/ "scorpiomind") 
 
 Home 
 Astrology - reality or ridiculous? 
 
 Blog Archives 
 Electoral College: DO YOUR REAL JOB!! 
 Nov 18 
 Posted by  scorpiomind 
 According to Marc Schulman, editor of Historycentral.com, one of the reasons that the founding fathers established an electoral college was to protect the voters. 
 "The founding fathers were afraid of direct election to the Presidency. They  feared 
that a tyrant could manipulate public opinion and come to power . . . . Hamilton 
and the other founders believed that the electors would be able to insure that  only a 
qualified person becomes President.  They believed that with the Electoral College 
no one would be able to manipulate the citizenry. It would  act as check on an 
electorate that might be duped. " See full article  here : 
 Well, then, the electoral college should do its job - it should protect America from a tyrant named Donald Trump who has manipulated public opinion through the use of something that the forefathers could not have possibly imagined - the internet, which he used to spread lies, fear, hate, and misinformation. The electoral college should do its job and insure that only a qualified person becomes President. Donald Trump is NOT qualified for this great office and unless the electors have been deaf and blind or in a coma for the last 18 months, they know that this is a fact. 
 It is clear that the electoral college was never intended to be a "rubber stamp".  If that was the intention of the forefathers, they would have  required  that the electors cast their votes for the candidate who won the popular vote in their respective states. They did  not  do this. There is nothing in the Constitution or in federal law that requires this. Most of the requirements relating to how the electoral college should vote have been established at the State level and, according to the  National Archives and Records Administration , only 26 of the 50 states have specific laws regarding this issue. Pennsylvania is not one of the 26. 
 The electors are people, most of whom, I presume, have families - children, parents, siblings. For the sake of the future of their families and of this nation, I ask them to take a long, hard look at what is happening now, even before Trump officially takes office as President, and I implore them not to vote for Trump. 
 -Trump has appointed an alt-right extremist (Steve Bannon) as his Chief Strategist - a man who has published stories such as these on his online "news site": See more disgusting Breitbart headlines  here : 
   
   
 -The KKK endorsed Trump and Richard Spencer, the leader of the alt-right in Dallas, feels that Trump's election is a  dream come true . 
 -Trump's ties to Russia and Putin are becoming clearer with each passing day. Trump invited Russia to hack Clinton's emails and now both the  CIA  and the  NSA  has stated that Russia did in fact hack the U.S. election.  Paul Manafort , Trump's advisor, was forced to step aside when his pro-Russia activities became public. Not only was Manafort a paid lobbyist for the previous pro-Russian leader of the Ukraine who now lives in Russia but he also received money to lobby for pro-Russian interests in the United States.  Michael Flynn , the man Trump just named as national security advisor, has appeared on RT, the Russian government propaganda network, and attended a dinner in Moscow where he sat at the same table as Russian President Vladimir Putin. Flynn's private consulting firm also recently registered to lobby for a Dutch company owned by a wealthy Turkish businessman close to President Erdogan of Turkey who has been  accused of war crimes  and arresting journalists. 
 Trump did not win the popular vote. In fact, as of the date of this post, Hillary  Clinton is more than 1.3 Million votes ahead of Trump  and there are still millions of votes being counted, mostly in Blue states. In light of the frightening events that are enfolding with respect to Trump and his cabinet picks,  this is the time for electors to stop being rubber stamps and start doing their real job  - protect this nation from tyranny and honor the will of the majority of Americans who do not believe in racism, divisiveness, and the weakening our own country by Russia. Do not reward corruption and do not allow a country such as Russia, who has never been a friend to the United States, to interfere with the United States' treasured election process and benefit from their own crimes. 
 There are some who suggest that Trump can always be impeached. Impeachment is NOT the answer because even if it were to happen, we would be left with Mike Pence who would most likely select the same frightening people that Trump has chosen.  We need the electors to stop Trump from ever taking office  - PERIOD. 
 Posted in  Election 2016 ,  Electoral college ,  Hillary ,  media ,  Politics ,  Presidential election ,  Republicans ,  Trump ,  Uncategorized 
 Leave a comment 
 Tags:  Congress ,  Democrats ,  Electoral college ,  Hillary Clinton ,  Job of electoral college ,  news ,  Politicians ,  Politics ,  President ,  Republicans ,  Russian interference with 2016 election ,  Trump ,  Trumps ties to Putin ,  Vladimir Putin 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 If Electors Won't Protect This Nation, An Injunction Should Be Filed - Valid Grounds Exist 
 Electoral College: DO YOUR REAL JOB!! 
 Thanks A Lot Gary Johnson and Jill Stein (and all of your supporters) 
 ELECTION 2016 - The Issues Made Simple (10 Pictures) 
 Trump's New Book: "The Art Of Manipulation (Confessions of a Demagogue): 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 July 2013 
 October 2011 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 Astrology 
 Congress 
 Democrats 
 Election 2016 
 Electoral college 
 Gary Johnson 
 Green Party 
 Hillary 
 Jill Stein 
 Libertarians 
 media 
 Men 
 Opinion 
 Politics 
 Presidential election 
 reporting 
 Republicans 
 Scorpio 
 taxes 
 Trump 
 Uncategorized 
 Women 
 
 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
