Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Retail Level Collection Associate 
 easyhome Franchise 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Retail Collections & Customer Service Associate - Leasing 
 easyhome  is the largest merchandise lease-to-own company in Canada and we are the largest easyhome franchise currently with 28 stores in Ontario. We offer top quality, brand name household furnishings, appliances and home electronics to consumers on convenient weekly or monthly leasing agreements. With no down payment, no credit needed and flexible payment options that work within your budget, leasing is the quick and easy way to get the merchandise you want, and all of our leases include free delivery and set up. 
 So what will a Retail Collections & Customer Service Associate do? 
 
 Promote sales  growth by providing excellent customer service and creating longstanding relationships with customers in-person and over the phone. 
 Maximize store revenues  by overseeing accounts and collection activities. 
 Manage weekly account receivables  and overdue accounts. 
 
 Here’s what we are looking for: 
 
 Sales and or/Collections experience is agreeable, but we really want people who are motivated by success. A competitive attitude in sales and customer centric in service. 
 Experience driving a small truck an asset but not required; physically able to move home furnishings. 
 Valid driver’s license, clean driver’s abstract (past 3 years), and pass our background checks. 
 Ability to work daytime, evening and Saturday shifts weekly. 
 
 What’s in it for you? 
 
 Competitive Wages 
 Performance Incentives, Bonuses & Paid Vacation 
 Associate Product Purchase Plan 
 
 Additional Information: 
 All candidates considered for hire must successfully pass a criminal background check, provide a driver’s abstract  and validation of their work experience to qualify for hire. Candidates must provide schedule flexibility to ensure that the location’s hours can be covered to meet our customer’s needs – details by location will be discussed in the interview process. 
 We thank all interested applicants, however we will only be contacting those for interview who possess the skills and qualifications outlined above. 
 Inclusion and Equal Opportunity Employment 
 easyhome Franchise is an equal opportunity employer. In addition, we are committed to providing accommodations for applicants upon request at any stage of the recruitment process in accordance with all legislative requirements throughout Ontario. Please let us know if you require an accommodation during any aspect of the recruitment process and we will work with you to address your needs. 
 1748271 Ontario Inc. 
 easyhome Leasing Franchise 
 Stadium Mall 
869 Barton St., E. 
 Hamilton, ON L8L 3B4 
 Store: (905) 549-0990 
 Reference ID: Store 680 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Salary: $14.00-$16.00 per hour 
 Additional pay: 
 
 Bonus pay 
 
 Benefits: 
 
 Casual dress 
 On-site parking 
 Paid time off 
 Store discount 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 10 hour shift 
 8 hour shift 
 Day shift 
 Monday to Friday 
 Weekends 
 
 COVID-19 considerations: 
We are following all mandatory and precautionary procedures. 
 Experience: 
 
 collections: 1 year (Preferred) 
 driving: 3 years (Required) 
 customer service: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Education: 
 
 Secondary School (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
