Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Inside Technical Sales 
 TRS-RenTelco 
 __Montréal, QC 
 Apply Now 
 Watch the following video to learn more:  https://video.digi-me.com/mgrc/jobs/marketing-sales/trs-inside-and-outside-sales/G50008&src=McGrathScrape 
 TRS-RenTelco, a division of McGrath RentCorp, is a national leader in the rental of high-end electronic test and measurement equipment. Our products serve a wide variety of industries including aerospace and defense, semiconductor, communications, government, and manufacturing. The Company operates on a global scale with representatives and inventory in numerous countries. The culture is highly customer focused and technologically savvy, bringing not only products, but also knowledge to customers as they conduct their business. The opportunity to get on board a stable, industry leading organization is now and we are looking for only the best people to be on our team! 
 Position Summary 
 The Applications Engineer (Inside Technical Sales) is responsible for providing the necessary assistance to customer inquiries relating to the selection of electronic test and measurement equipment and financial solutions to best meet their needs. Candidates are also responsible for all quote-to-close initiatives in the assigned territory, meeting company objectives for profitability and response times. The Application Engineer will have a strong internal drive, sense of urgency and be an effective team player who is organized and pays attention to the details. 
 Are you looking for a fast-paced role, where you can positively impact your own income? Our Inside Technical Sales role will have you working with our customers to achieve the following goals; 
 Provide technical assistance to inbound customer inquiries relating to the selection of equipment, rental and financial solutions 
Prepare quotes and negotiate pricing in compliance with established policies and procedures and complete timely follow up with customers 
Maintain an accurate sales pipeline utilizing the company’s proprietary software and other databases 
Provide information and feedback on competition and potential new markets 
Develop and maintain client relationships, both internal and external 
 Ideal candidates will have the following skills and abilities: 
 3+ years of inside sales experience required within a dynamic fast paced environment 
Technical work experience in electronic testing and measurement equipment preferred, or other related electronics or telecommunications experience 
General knowledge of rental/lease practices and financial practices/principles 
Excellent organizational, communication and interpersonal skills and the ability to work well under pressure 
Bi-lingual French written and verbal skills required 
Some benefits such as retirement, will be structured under Canada guidelines 
 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, color, religion , sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, protected veteran status, or on the basis of disability. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
