Skip to content 
 An online platform for businesses to interact with their future workforce 
 
 Inspire Southeast Wisconsin 
 Menu 
 
 What is the Inspire Online Platform? 
 
 Career-based learning experiences 
 
 
 Employers 
 
 Company login 
 FAQs for Employers 
 Enroll your Company 
 
 
 Career Coaches 
 
 Become a Career Coach 
 Career Coach login 
 
 
 Educators 
 
 FAQs for Educators 
 Educator Login 
 
 
 M7 Regional Talent Partnership 
 
 Contact 
 News 
 Talent Development Strategy 
 Regional Talent Stats 
 
 
 
 Career-based learning experiences 
 Dear Inspire Southeast Wisconsin employer partner: 
 As the  GROW HERE Campaign  comes to a close, Inspire Southeastern Wisconsin and the Milwaukee 7 partners want to thank you for being an employer champion of career readiness. With your support we’ve been able to build awareness of the high-potential industries and career opportunities that students have access to, right here in Southeast Wisconsin. 
 On July 29th, the state’s career exploration platform, Career Cruising/Inspire was taken offline to prepare for an update and Fall 2019 relaunch under a new name, Xello.  Xello’s developers are working to build the engagement features you were familiar with through Inspire into the new Xello platform, promising to offer a better, more interactive experience for everyone- students, educators, and employers. School districts in Wisconsin that have piloted Xello report higher levels of engagement and utilization of the tool for career planning. 
 Two of the GROW HERE Campaign’s key findings were that schools and employers are looking for long-term partnerships and need more support to build out high-impact career experiences. In 2019-20, we’ll be asking employers to take the “next step” and partner more strategically with education to deliver our vision of all students graduating with a realistic career plan, aligned to industry needs in Southeast Wisconsin, providing employers the talent you need to grow. 
 If you have an existing Inspire profile, it  will not  automatically convert over to the new Xello platform. You can expect to receive updated communications in October regarding the opportunity to relaunch your profile on the Xello platform and engage in career experiences with students in Southeast Wisconsin. Thank you again for your continued support. We look forward to building on our successes over the last 3 years and continuing to grow. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Search for: 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 M7 Talent Partnership 
 756 N. Milwaukee St., Ste. 400 
Milwaukee, WI 53202 
 414.287.4100 
 Mon-Fri: 8:30am - 4:30 pm 
 Contact the M7 Regional Talent Partnership 
 756 N. Milwaukee St., 4th Floor 
Milwaukee, WI 53202 
 414/287-4100 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
