WorkAlpha 
 Career and Job Search Tips 
 
 HOME 
 JOB SEARCH 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Dealing with Recruiters 
 Dealing with Unemployment 
 Internships 
 Job Applications 
 Job Search Mistakes 
 Job Offer 
 FAQ About Job Search 
 
 
 NETWORKING 
 
 Networking Basics 
 Networking Etiquette 
 Networking Possibilities 
 Networking Tips 
 Networking Mistakes 
 FAQ About Networking 
 
 
 RESUME 
 
 Resume Template 
 Resume Formats 
 Resume Layout 
 Resume Tips 
 Resume Samples 
 Resume Ideas 
 Resume Mistakes 
 Resume Writers 
 FAQ About Resume Writing 
 
 
 COVER LETTER 
 
 Cover Letter Format 
 Cover Letter Tips 
 Cover Letter Samples 
 Cover Letter Mistakes 
 FAQ About Cover Letter Writing 
 
 
 INTERVIEW 
 
 Interview Attire 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Questions and Answers 
 Interview Follow-Up 
 Interview Mistakes 
 References 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 
 CAREER 
 
 Career Path 
 Career Advancement 
 Career Insights 
 Continuing Education 
 Career Coaching 
 Freelancing 
 
 
 WORKPLACE 
 
 Workplace Politics 
 Workplace Insights 
 Workplace Attire 
 Work Environment 
 Performance Evaluation 
 Human Resources 
 
 
 PRODUCTIVITY 
 
 Productivity Tips 
 Productivity Insights 
 Productivity Mistakes 
 
 
 LIFESTYLE 
 
 Healthy Habits 
 Managing Stress 
 Work Life Balance 
 Retirement 
 
 
 
 HOME JOB SEARCH - Job Search Tips - Dealing with Recruiters - Dealing with Unemployment - Internships - Job Applications - Job Search Mistakes - Job Offer - FAQ About Job Search NETWORKING - Networking Basics - Networking Etiquette - Networking Possibilities - Networking Tips - Networking Mistakes - FAQ About Networking RESUME - Resume Template - Resume Formats - Resume Layout - Resume Tips - Resume Samples - Resume Ideas - Resume Mistakes - Resume Writers - FAQ About Resume Writing COVER LETTER - Cover Letter Format - Cover Letter Tips - Cover Letter Samples - Cover Letter Mistakes - FAQ About Cover Letter Writing INTERVIEW - Interview Attire - Interview Preparation - Interview Process - Interview Psychology - Interview Types - Interview Tips - Interview Questions and Answers - Interview Follow-Up - Interview Mistakes - References - FAQ About Interviewing CAREER - Career Path - Career Advancement - Career Insights - Continuing Education - Career Coaching - Freelancing WORKPLACE - Workplace Politics - Workplace Insights - Workplace Attire - Work Environment - Performance Evaluation - Human Resources PRODUCTIVITY - Productivity Tips - Productivity Insights - Productivity Mistakes LIFESTYLE - Healthy Habits - Managing Stress - Work Life Balance - Retirement 
 
 Home 
 Job Search 
 Job Offer Center: Negotiating a Good Compensation Package 
 
 
 Job Offer Center: Negotiating a Good Compensation Package 
 After combing through job opportunities, going on interviews, and sweating over the details, receiving a job offer can seem like a spiritual moment. Our self-confidence jumps up tenfold and we feel like we could conquer the world. However, every once in a while, we realize that we may have accepted a job offer too hastily and didn’t get the best deal we could have possibly received. If you have done this once, you usually make a promise to yourself to never do it again. Learn from the lessons of others, and follow a few important tips when it comes to considering a job offer. 
 When reviewing a job offer, ensure that you understand everything included in the offer and comb it for anything that is obviously missing. It goes without saying, if you don’t understand fully what is being offered, you may accept something you didn’t plan for or didn’t want. Go through your notes from your interview, and see if there was anything that was promised or mentioned that is not included in the offer. 
 For example, make sure you understand the details of your benefits including the specifics of the medical plan and its cost per paycheck; any vacation or sick time, employee discounts and deals, retirement plans, stock options, etc. You will want to examine that the job description is clearly laid out including expected travel time, and the salary and potential bonuses are defined in exact terms. If any of this is missing from the job offer, you should immediately request that additional information be provided from the recruiter or Human Resources department. You must be fully informed to make a good decision. 
 Give yourself time to consider the job offer. Often when we are still high from the adrenaline boost of receiving the offer, we don’t see some of the cracks or faults in the fine print. Allow yourself some time to enjoy the rush, but then get down to the business of truly examining the offer. Be sure you know when the company expects an answer so that you don’t accidentally let the offer expire. 
 There is also another reason for taking some time to review the offer. If you tell the company that you need to think about the offer, it automatically puts them on the alert that the offer may not be perfect. There is nothing wrong with letting your potential employer sweat a little. This may cause them to immediately submit a second offer that is a sweeter deal, or open the door for conversation on how they can improve upon the offer, either of which is nicer for you. 
 After reviewing the job offer, consider a counter offer. Most companies expect you to come back with a response, hence they tend to low ball the salary in anticipation that you will come back with a higher counter offer. If you don’t ask, you won’t get. It is better you ask and they turn you down, than you don’t ask at all and leave money on the table. 
 Although it can be hard, don’t be afraid to walk away from an offer that isn’t going to meet your needs. If you know what you need to live and survive and the offer doesn’t measure up, walk away and find another opportunity where you will be happy from the moment you walk in the door. Politely decline the offer, and thank the company for their time and effort in putting it together. It is also good practice to be specific about what in the offer or the job opportunity caused your decision. 
 If you accept something that may make life harder or more difficult for you, a good job opportunity will turn into a huge burden. It can cause you to be disgruntled later on because you aren’t making enough money, or doing too much travel, or don’t have enough health insurance. Be sure you are comfortable and happy with what the job is offering today, not the potential it may offer down the road. 
 Another benefit to politely walking away from an offer is that it too may set in motion the company to try and create a better offer for you. This is obviously dependent on many factors, including if they have another candidate waiting in the wings, or how strongly they feel about you. However, there is a small chance that they may want to keep you interested and therefore counter with a sweeter agreement. 
 Job offers are a glorious thing, but don’t get so blown away by the fact you have a job offer that you forget to do your due diligence. You are looking for a job because you want to find the right fit for you. There are so many unknown factors when you get into a job, so do your best in ensuring all the factors you do know, such as salary and benefits, are where you want them to be. 
 You have made up your mind about the job offer? Following are some examples of job acceptance letters and job refusal letters: 
 
 Job Acceptance Letter of an Accountant 
 Job Acceptance Letter of an Executive 
 Job Acceptance Letter of a Sales Professional 
 Job Refusal Letter of a Receptionist 
 Job Refusal Letter of a Healthcare Professional 
 Job Refusal Letter of a Business Analyst 
 
 
 List of all  articles in the job offer section . 
 
 Job Offer Center 
 
 Assessing a Job Offer 
 Compensation Tips & Pitfalls 
 Negotiation 
 
 Search the Vast Resources on WorkAlpha About Job Search and Career Advancement 
 SHARE 
 
 Featured Articles on Assessing a Job Offer 
 
 Live and Learn: How That New Job Will Contribute to Your Career 
 What You Should Accept and Not Accept About Their Salary Offer 
 The Long Haul: How to Determine If There Is Career Advancement and Longevity at the Company 
 
 Interested in Becoming a Contributor? 
 You are a career coach, a resume writer or an HR professional looking to gain exposure and build your expertise?  Become a contributor  and earn your badge! 
 Free Job Search Ebook Featuring Contributions from Top Career Experts 
   
 
 Search WorkAlpha 
 Job Search Resources 
 
 Job Search Center 
 Networking Center 
 Resume Writing Center 
 Cover Letter Writing Center 
 Interview Center 
 
 Career Resources 
 
 Career Center 
 Workplace Center 
 Productivity Center 
 Lifestyle Center 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 WorkAlpha * All Rights Reserved *  About  *  Contributors  *  Contact  *  Privacy 
