  
 
 Jobs 
 Features 
 Newsletter 
 Login 
 
 Talent  Startup 
 I am a 
 Jobseeker Talent 
 or a 
 Hiring Startup 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign up using linkedin   __ 
 Hello 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign in using linkedin   __ 
 Employers  __ 
 Employers  __ 
 __filters __search 
 Filter by category 
 All Jobs Developer Jobs Marketing Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Manager Jobs Customer Support Jobs Sales Jobs Data and Product Jobs Internships Co-Founder Roles Designer Jobs People and Other Jobs 
 Filter by type 
 full-time part-time freelance 
 Advanced Search 
 search jobs __ 
 Product Designer 
 at Maji Financial Wellbeing Ltd 
 go back to Designer Jobs 
 
 
 __UK 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 __ ₤45000 - ₤60000 per year 
 
 
 
 apply 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 __UK 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 __ ₤45000 - ₤60000 per year 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 
 
 " The biggest economic problems  facing the UK are, we save too  little, we haven't worked out how  to save for retirement, the pension  system is facing I think a real  challenge.."  Mervyn King   (former BoE Governor) 
 " The number one problem in today's generation and the economy is the lack of financial literacy".   Alan Greenspan (former chair of Federal Reserve, USA) 
 About Maji 
 Did you know 11.5 million Britons have less than £100 in savings, and nearly nine million of us are in serious debt, with only around a third receiving help? 
 Did you know that most people would like to save more into their pensions but aren't sure of how much they should save or even how to go about increasing their savings? 
 Did you know that saving £200 a month from the age of 30 to age 65 might give you a pension pot of £215K, but delaying saving to when you are 35 means that your pension pot at 65 might be worth only £157K…..that's a 25% reduction just because you skipped saving for 5 years! 
 Maji is an impact driven fintech and our mission is to coach people to make good decisions about their money, starting with their workplace pension. 
 We launched V1 of Maji in June 2020 and have been busy iterating on the feedback of our first clients. We are now looking for an experienced product designer who can join our small team, work collaboratively to build the next phase of the product and help us achieve product-market fit. 
 You will have the opportunity to take ownership, shape the product roadmap and leave a lasting impact on the financial wellbeing of the UK and even the world! 
 Your role 
 It's a super exciting time to join Maji. Though we have built an impressive product already (2 web portals and iOS/Android apps), we are quite early in our journey and need someone who is proactive and can contribute to shaping the proposition across the entire company. 
 Primary responsibilities 
 Your primary responsibility is beautifully captured in this snapshot, courtesy of Vadim Grin's " Product Designer vs Product Manager: what's the difference anyway? " 
 In short, you will have primary responsibility for ensuring that Maji's product engages users and delivers on its value proposition. You'll do this through deeply understanding the needs and problems of our users and designing a product with an amazing UX and UI that leverages human behaviour to drive engagement. 
 This will include: 
 
 Becoming an expert on Maji's users, market and competitors / similar products 
 Collecting, analysing and responding to user feedback 
 Wireframing new ideas and workflows and seeking feedback from our community 
 Creating high fidelity designs for the development team to execute on 
 Applying a consistent visual language across Maji's product and resources 
 
 We are a small team (just 3 people in the UK) along with an offshore development team in India, so you can expect to be involved in most things that happen in the business but you are more likely to be involved in: 
 Product strategy and roadmap 
 
 Contributing to product strategy and vision, developing product roadmap with co-founders 
 
 Collaboration across the Maji team 
 
 Supporting marketing campaigns with user insights 
 Creating or contributing to sales and marketing teams collateral / GTM Strategy support 
 Working closely with core team members and responding to business needs as they arise 
 
 Skills & Competencies 
 
 3+ years of experience in product design in a startup environment 
 Experience conducting user research and creating personas (interviews, workshops, etc) 
 Expert in Adobe Suite/Sketch/Invision/Figma or similar (We use Adobe XD) 
 Proactive, team player, willing to learn and wanting to make a positive difference to the world 
 
 Bonus 
 
 Experience of building engaging onboarding and ongoing engagement experiences 
 
 Salary and benefits 
 
 Upto £60K per annum 
 Ideally London or Birmingham based (we are currently all working from home and will review this arrangement in second half of 2021) 
 Salary exchange pension plan 
 20 days holiday (excluding bank holidays) 
 EMI share option scheme (0.1 - 0.5%) 
 
 What it's like to work for Maji 
 "Working for Maji is a brilliant experience. I've had plenty of autonomy and the chance to choose and control my own projects. We have an open culture with feedback gladly given and received by everyone. With our team still small, we all have the chance to contribute to the development of Maji, and I've been able to get involved in lots of different areas of the business. We also value continuous development, and I've learned so much from Megan and Sahil, as well as from our various accelerator programmes, mentors and collaborators. It's a varied, exciting and enriching working environment, with the chance to make a real difference to people's lives." Catherine Miller, Business Development Director 
 Process 
 We will be conducting an initial video interview with all appropriate candidates. Successful candidates will be asked to participate in a short assessment task and then to a second interview. Candidates may be hired before the deadline on this job add, so please submit your application as soon as possible. 
 Published at 23 Dec 2020 - Expires on 23 Feb 2021 
 You need to be logged in to apply.   Login  or  create an account . 
 Is this job ad fake? Report it! 
 ×  Warning! 
 __get the latest startup jobs emailed to you 
 Developer Jobs Designer Jobs Internships Marketing Jobs Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Co-Founder Roles Data and Product Jobs People and Other Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Customer Support Jobs 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;  
 and 
  Privacy Policy  
 and Cookie Use. 
 New Jobs Alert created! 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;   
 and 
  Privacy Policy   
 and Cookie Use. 
 
 
 * [Terms of Service](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/terms)
 
 
 Privacy 
 Cookie Policy 
 Acceptable Use Policy 
 Still Hiring 
 
 
 
 * [About Us](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/about)
 
 
 FAQ 
 Cities 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 * [__Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/workinstartups/)
 
 
 __Twitter 
 __Instagram 
 Blog 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Work In Startups 
 This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  Read more  Close 
