
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Culdesac (S18) 
 We build cities for people, not cars. 
 Director of Real Estate 
 
 Location 
 Tempe, AZ / Remote 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 3+ years 
 About Culdesac 
 We're the first post-car real estate developer, and our goal is to build the first car-free city in the US. We're starting with the first car-free neighborhood built from scratch - that's Culdesac Tempe, a 1000-person neighborhood. 
 We use our diverse skills to create beautiful harmony between tech, real estate, and mobility. Join our team! 
 About the role 
 Culdesac's mission is to build cities for people, not cars. We're the first post-car real estate developer, and our goal is to build the first car-free city in the US. We're starting with the first car-free neighborhood built from scratch - that's Culdesac Tempe, a 1000-person neighborhood that opens 2021. 
 All of this draws from a core insight: the way we move defines the way we live. And the way we move is changing fast, with countless ways to get around today beyond private cars. Here's more. 
 As the Director of Real Estate, you will have a critical role on Culdesac’s leadership team. You will shape Culdesac’s real estate strategy as we expand from our first project to our next set of neighborhood-scale ground-up mixed-use projects, while pioneering a new type of car-free urbanism. 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Create the development strategy for Culdesac's next set of projects, including site selection, project design, joint venture structure and formation, and capitalization 
 Lead the development of Culdesac's projects, including: negotiations with potential JV partners, landowners, investors, government entities, and other partners; leading entitlement / approval processes; overseeing financial modeling; performing diligence and underwriting; managing coordination of consultants (architects, lawyers, etc.); ownership of the development schedule and budget 
 Cultivate relationships with equity and debt investors for our current and future developments 
 Proactively identify innovations in real estate financing and execute them in on-going developments 
 
 Competencies: 
 
 Operates with an owner’s mindset, brings structure and excellence to ambiguous, high-intensity situations, is driven, ambitious, intellectually curious, and humble 
 5+ years of experience in real estate, including experience in ground-up real estate development (residential, hospitality, or mixed-use) 
 Top-notch oral and written communication skills 
 Experience with financial analysis and structuring real estate transactions 
 Good to have: experience in the entire deal cycle of a ground-up development, from land acquisition, through stabilization, to disposition; ideal candidate has gone through full process for two projects 
 Good to have: experience in fundraising or investor relations 
 
 Technology 
 We're using Django, GraphQL, Apollo, React, and Typescript to build top-notch property management and mobility solutions for our future residents. 
 We're looking for talented engineers who can scope, implement, and ship complex engineering projects on time. Contact us if you're excited about the opportunity to create and own Culdesac's technical roadmap! 
 Other jobs at Culdesac 
 Senior Software Engineer 
 fulltime 
 San Francisco, CA / Remote 
 Full Stack 
 3+ years 
 Business Operations Intern  
 intern 
 Tempe, AZ / Remote 
 Junior and above 
 Director of Real Estate 
 fulltime 
 Tempe, AZ / Remote 
 3+ years 
 Real Estate Development Fellow 
 fulltime 
 Tempe, AZ / Remote 
 1+ years 
 Real Estate Development Lead 
 fulltime 
 Tempe, AZ / Remote 
 3+ years 
 Business Operations  
 fulltime 
 Tempe, AZ / Remote 
 1+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
