Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 How to Ace Your Interview 
 Wally Peterson    5th February    Career   Leave a Comment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=How%20to%20Ace%20Your%20Interview%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fcareer%2Fhow-to-ace-your-interview%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 As a job searcher there are lots of things that you can do to  increase your chances of getting a job . 
 You understand how important it is to research the company. You understand how important it is to be on time to your interview and to make sure that your resume and cover letter are flawless. 
 But what about the interview itself? How do you make sure that your interview goes well? 
 Look Good 
 Look as good  as you possibly can. When you have a date set up with someone that you really want to impress, you tend to take a little extra time primping, right? Do the same before your interview. Clean your face, style your hair, and make sure your makeup is just right. 
 Don't even think about dressing casual. Men, this means you wear a suit, and both it and your shirt need to be properly pressed. Your belt and shoes should match. You know the routine, and if you don't then ask your best-dressed friend what to do. A job interview is not the time to show your individuality when it comes to your appearance. 
 Briefcases  make a statement for carrying your things. Your backpack or messenger bag might be a point of pride as you walk around campus or commute to and from school each day, but leave it behind when you go in for your interview. Think about it: you’re putting all of that effort into your appearance. Do you really want to ruin that first impression with a banged up backpack? 
 Be Prepared 
 Carry extra copies of your  resume  or CV, your cover letter, your references, etc. You are likely just one of many candidates. You can both impress and save your interviewer time by simply handing over a copy of your resume so he or she doesn't have to look for it. 
 TIP: Wait until the interviewer actually starts to look for your information or mentions that they can’t quite remember your resume to present them with your extra copy. Handing it over immediately shows a lack of confidence in the person’s ability to prepare. 
 Calm Down 
 It’s understandable that  you’re nervous . Your interviewer expects you to be nervous. You don’t, however, want to be so nervous that you sweat through your suit or talk over your interviewer. Get to your interview fifteen minutes early. Spend 5-10 minutes in the car doing some  deep breathing exercises  and visualizing a calm, productive and successful interview. The deep breathing will help reduce your heart and breathing rates and increase the oxygen flow to your brain. These help you stay calm and focused during your interview. 
 Ask Questions 
 You've done your research on the company and you undoubtedly are wondering some things about the job for which you’re interviewing. Ask your questions! Interviewers appreciate interviewees who make sure that their own bases are covered. At the end of the interview when you are asked about any questions you may have, speak up.  Ask about anything  that wasn't already covered in the interview. 
 Finally, remember that your interviewer is just as nervous as you are! Good luck! 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 _ _ Email Post 
 _ _ Print Post 
 Share Post 
 
 By  Wally Peterson  |  Website  |  Twitter  |  Other Articles 
 Wally Peterson is a freelance writer and aspiring beach bum with a face made for blogging. He lives 60 seconds from the sand (walking time) on the southern Outer Banks of North Carolina. 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     The Best Professional Advice You Ever Received  
  _ _     How to Work Better  
  _ _     Why Being A "Jack Of All Trades" Works  
 
 Discussion 
 
 0 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 No Comments yet, be the first! 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
