  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
 Microsoft Excel 
 
 Microsoft Excel Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance Microsoft Excel Expert ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/microsoft-excel) 
 11 minutes ago 
 Customer service and virtual assistance 
 Published: 11 minutes ago  Bids: 0 
 We are looking for customer service and virtual assistance who can be an integral part of the marketing department in our organization, someone who can communicate with customer perfectly and keep records of interactions with the customers. 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Virtual Assistant 
 Project size  : Medium 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  H. G. United States 
 USD 50 - 100 
 2 hours ago 
 An experienced virtual assistant needed 
 Published: 2 hours ago  Bids: 0 
 Virtual assistants help their employers with daily administrative tasks and schedules. Instead of going into the office every day, virtual assistants complete their responsibilities remotely at home or in another location of their choice with internet access. In this role, you are in charge of handling the small details to keep the company moving so that your employer can focus on large company goals. 
You may communicate with your employer on multiple channels, such as email, video messaging, instant messaging, and phone calls. Other responsibilities include organizing your employer’s files, answering emails, arranging meetings and travel plans, and helping to create presentation materials. A virtual assistant must be able to manage expense reports, orders, and confidential financial information. 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Virtual Assistant 
 Project size  : Medium 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  H. W. United States 
 USD 50 - 100 
 4 hours ago 
 I need virtual assistants 
 Published: 4 hours ago  Bids: 2 
 I need virtual assistant agent to provide support to managers, other employees, and office visitors by handling a variety of tasks in order to ensure that all interactions between the organization and others are positive and productive. This project virtual assistant involves tasks such as organizing meetings and travel arrangements, responding to inquiries, and implementing office procedures and systems. 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Virtual Assistant 
 Project size  : Large 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  C. H. United States 
 Over USD 3,000 
 24 minutes ago 
 Marketing Growth Hacker 
 Published: 24 minutes ago  Project duration: 1 - 2 months Bids: 0 
 Primary Job Responsibilities: 
- Set up, QA, and run A/B tests 
- Set up, QA, and run usability tests 
- Ensure tests get up and running, and willing and able to help product and marketing team interpret 
results and present them to management 
 Requirements: 
- Innate interest in learning about customers behavior through both numbers and qualitative data 
- Basic understanding of statistics 
- Decent Excel skills – know how to do pivot tables 
- SQL knowledge a big bonus * 
- Enough html/css/js skills to be able to set up optimizely tests. 
- Sufficient graphic editing skills to be able to modify graphics to create test variations 
 Willing to learn what you don’t already know 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Full time 
 Published by:  K. Ecuador Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 20 - 30 / hour 
 3 hours ago 
 Change windows 10 64bit ver 1909 language 
 Published: 3 hours ago  Bids: 0 
 Change windows 10 64bit ver 1909 language from chinese to english. New laptop bought from china but need english. Change windows 10 64bit ver 1909 language from chinese to english. 
New laptop bought from china but need english. 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Small 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  X. J. T. Malaysia 
 Less than USD 50 
 Yesterday 
 Catalog Designer/Creator/Editor 
 Published: Yesterday  Deadline: 54 Bids: 7 
 We are looking for someone who could help us design and create a catalog for our business. We will provide images and specifications of products, and you will need to create the catalog. 
Our project is rather straight forward and it requires Excel. 
It will not be a full graphic designs project. We are looking for someone who can alleviate the work load creating this. 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Infographics 
 What do you need?  : Change or update an existing infographic 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  H. Last reply: Yesterday  United States 
 USD 100 - 250 
 Yesterday 
 Agro Project Manager 
 Published: Yesterday  Bids: 1 
 HELLO! 
We are looking for a specialist in the agro-industrial sphere: grains, sugar, cocoa, vegetables, fruits, etc. 
What should you be able to do? 
•    Know English (any level) 
•    Knowledge of Spanish or Portuguese is required 
•    Knowledge Russian 
•    Be able to manage people 
•    Have basic knowledge in marketing 
•    Be able to work with contracts 
•    Knowledge of active sales 
•    Background in the agro-industrial sphere of activity 
What will you need to do? 
•    Interaction with customers and suppliers 
•    Document flow 
•    Interaction with other team members 
•    Work in the field of B2B 
•    Drafting of documents 
•    Analytics of international markets 
•    Management of specialists 
•    Assigning tasks to subordinates 
More details: 
•    Payment only through the UpWork. 
•    Piecework payment. 
 •    After your response, we will send you a short questionnaire to fill out. 
 Yours faithfully, 
Amanda Sunders 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Virtual Assistant 
 Project size  : Medium 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  A. S. Russian Federation 
 USD 1,000 - 3,000 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
