Top 
  for job seekers  
 Are you an employer? 
 English (US)    Deutsch     Ελληνικά     Español     Français     Português do Brasil  
 
 Workable Job Seekers Help 
 Your Application & Profile 
 Bridge 
 
 Articles in this section 
 
 Using Bridge to find a job 
 
 Using Bridge to find a job 
 Nick DeSimone 
 
 December 23, 2020 14:46 
 Updated 
 
 Follow 
 Bridge is a job matching service that connects you with new opportunities. 
 
 Your former company invites you to Bridge 
 Get matched with job opportunities at companies 
 Upload your resume details to improve results and apply more easily 
 
 Joining Bridge 
 If your former employer invites you to Bridge you will receive an email with information about the service. Through Bridge, you'll receive daily emails with suggested jobs. As part of this process it is highly recommended that you upload up-to-date resume details. Follow the link in the email to do so. 
 Use the auto-fill option to have a resume file automatically parsed, or enter your details manually. 
 You may also want to include include a location where you're looking for work. When adding resume details, indicate the location for which you'd like to see available jobs and if you're open to remote work. The location could be a specific city/town or a broader area like a state or even a country. 
 Benefits and applying to jobs 
 You'll start to receive daily email notifications about jobs that match your skills as soon as you're invited to Bridge. Choose which you want to apply for. Click the Apply button in the email to go to the job description and application form. If you uploaded your resume to complete your profile, the form will be pre-filled with the details you uploaded. 
 You'll also automatically appear higher in search results for matching jobs so recruiters see you first. Companies that are proactively looking for employees like you will be able to find you more easily. 
 Managing your profile and opting out 
 In your daily email notifications you'll find an option to update your profile. Click the link to adjust any of your resume details or the location where you're looking for work. 
 If you wish to stop receiving job matches via email or if you are no longer looking for work, click the link in your email notifications to opt out of Bridge. You can also opt out when managing your profile; click the user icon in the upper right and navigate to Settings to do so. 
 If you've already applied to jobs then you will still be in consideration for them, but you will no longer appear in priority for proactive recruiters and you will not be able to opt back in. 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 Was this article helpful? 
 17 out of 17 found this helpful 
 Have more questions?  Contact Support . 
 Related articles 
 
 What is Workable? 
 Import your resume details to autofill the application 
 Application Process 
 How can I track the status of my application? 
 Updating an application 
 
 Workable   Privacy Policy   Are you an employer?   Status 
 English (US)    Deutsch     Ελληνικά     Español     Français     Português do Brasil  
