Skip to content 
   
 Menu 
 
 Start Here
 
 Work From Home – Follow Your Dreams 
 
 
 Start Your Own Business Online
 
 Starting Your Business
 
 A New Decade – Welcome 2020 – New Year’s Resolutions 
 Best Part-Time Work At Home Opportunities 
 Coronavirus – Work From Home 
 How To Start An Online Business For Free 
 How To Be Successful Online – With Your Business! 
 How To Start Your Own Home Business 
 Requirements to Start an Online Business 
 The How And What Of Working From Home 
 What Is Freedom In Life? 
 What Is A 4 Hour Work Week About? 
 Why Am I So Stupid? 
 Writing a Business Plan – A Necessity for Success! 
 Work At Home Online – Tired Of All The Scams? 
 
 
 Affiliate Marketing
 
 Affiliate Marketing For Websites / Small Business or Individuals 
 Making Money Online – Affiliate Marketing for Beginners FREE 
 
 
 Niche Businesses
 
 Can A Blog Make Money It Sure Can Read How 
 Copy The Experts – How to become successful in business? 
 How To Be Successful With An Online Business 
 How to Start a Small Business Online 
 How To Write A Business Plan For An Online Business 
 Evergreen Affiliate Marketing Niches 
 Should I Work At Home? 
 
 
 How To Build A Website
 
 Build a Website FREE – It can be done! 
 Components of a Website – What Makes Up A Website? 
 Create A Website Online Free 
 How To Brand A Website 
 How To Build A Free Business Website – Beginner or Experienced 
 Online Marketing Word Terminology Definitions Dictionary 
 Top Niches For An Online Business 
 What Is A Domain and How To Choose One 
 What is Keyword Research / How and Why to Use 
 What Is SEO Training? Why Do I Need This? 
 
 
 Ways to Make Money
 
 The Best Way To Make Money Online For A Beginner 
 The Best Ways On How To Make Money Online From Home 
 Can I Make Money Online At Home? 
 Data Entry Work At Home – Why Work For Someone Else Making Them Rich? 
 Earn Money Online With No Experience 
 Home Based Business – Work at Home 
 How Can I Make Money Online? 
 How Can I Make Money Online At Home? – Check This Out! 
 How To Earn A Full-Time Income Online 
 How To Earn A Passive Income At Home 
 How To Earn At Home – Shout It From The Rooftops! 
 How To Earn Money Online By Typing – Are These Jobs Profitable! 
 How To Make Money Online At Home 
 How To Supplement My Income At Home 
 I Want To Earn Money Online 
 Make Your Income Online – It Helps Others In Life! 
 Make Money Online With No Money – Secret Reality Revealed 
 Side Hustles to Make Money? 
 Start An Online Business Free 
 Ways To Avoid Work From Home Scams Online 
 What Is The Best Way To Make Money Online – At Home 
 Why You Can’t Make Money Online 
 Work Online At Home – For Free 
 Working From Home Jobs Online 
 
 
 Who Can Work From Home
 
 Can I Work At Home And Make Money? I Do, You Can Too! 
 How To Make Money In A Small Town 
 I Want To Earn Money Online 
 Moms Work At Home Business 
 Ways To Make Money In Rural Areas 
 Work At Home Jobs For Seniors 
 Work At Home For Veterans – All are Welcome! 
 
 
 
 
 Reviews
 
 What Is A Business Review? Why Should You Be Asking For Them? 
 Hosting Company Reviews
 
 Bluehost.com Reviews 
 Dreamhost or Wealthy Affiliate Which Is Better? 
 GoDaddy.com or Wealthy Affiliates – Have An Opinion? 
 HostGator – Do they really have you covered? 
 TMD Hosting or Wealthy Affiliates How Do They Compare? 
 
 
 Product/Service Reviews
 
 Banyan Hill Publishing Review – Scam or Legit 
 Copy My Email System – Legit or Scam? 
 Daily Cash Siphon Private Video Scam or Real Deal 
 David Dekel (Funnel X) Scam or Real 
 How Does “Medium” Work? 
 What Is All Solutions Network- ASN? 
 What Is LISTVERSE.com? Scam or Legit? 
 Jaaxy.com Review – Keyword Research Tool 
 Wealthy Affiliate Training VS Builderall Training 
 What Is Appen About? 
 What Is Gen Pro? 
 Why Use Publish Vault? 
 What Is A SFI Affiliate? 
 What Is Classic Solo Mailer? 
 What Is A Safe List? 
 What Is Texting Factory.com? 
 What Is The Wealthy Affiliate Scam? Get It Here! 
 What Is The Wealthy Affiliate Training About? 
 
 
 Survey Site Reviews
 
 Inbox Pays/Dollars Scam or Real Deal 
 Swagbucks Scam or Not? 
 What Is The Toluna.com? 
 Vindale Research Good or Bad 
 
 
 
 
 About Susan M. 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 Affiliate Disclosure 
 
 
 Archives At Bottom of Page 
 
 I Need A Job – Who Wants To Work Now Immediately? 
 February 13, 2019December 27, 2018 by  Susan Marienfeld 
 I Need A Job 
 Who Wants To Work Now Start Immediately? 
 We all know people who keep saying “I need a job”? well, I can explain to you if you need a job or want a job and want to start right now immediately then the solution is right here in front of your eyes. 
 What about an alternative to needing a job instead creating your own online business for a passive income that will continue for the rest of your life? 
 Finished laughing yet? Guess what this is actually possible there is a downside, it is not for everyone, only people who have the ambition to commit to working for themselves have the motivation to focus learn apply what you learn to become a success. 
 Needing a job is not what this is all about anyone can find a job not everyone can build an online business and become an Online Entrepreneur. 
 If you feel that this is something that you can work at possibly conquer then please click the box below and Create Your Free Account Now skip reading the whole article – but I wish you would finish reading. 
 
 
 Need  A Job Now Today 
 Many of us are tired of working for someone else making them money and while they are getting richer by the second we get to take home a paycheck each week to show for all the hours we put in working to make them rich. 
 Tired of working for an establishment and only taking home a paycheck at the end of the week want your own business and the freedom of being the boss living life to the fullest? 
 What about the stay at home mother’s or father’s who want to spend time with their children but yet feel guilty because they do not have money of their own to spend and rely on someone to support them? 
 Retired and need additional income but cannot find a job because everyone is discriminating against you because of your age? 
 Have you been laid off due to cutbacks at the company you work for and now are wondering what you are going to do when those unemployment benefits run out? 
 Just graduated from high school or college and need a way to earn money cannot find anything that is paying or hiring in the field you want to work in? 
 Maybe you have a job but it is paying peanuts and you are barely getting by or do not make enough to even begin to make ends meet, knowing every day when you get up it is the same drag never getting better, right? 
 Possibly you want to make extra money adding to your retirement savings account for when you are older and ready for retirement? 
 Are you one of those dreamers who think that by purchasing every new system that the gurus and scam artist put out there is going to be the one to bring you that rich life that you have always dreamed of having? 
 STOP RIGHT NOW  and read what I am telling you below if you are any of the people I have described above! “Why?” you ask because I am going to give you a way that you can start right this minute for FREE to start and build your own profitable online business!!!! 
 [ 
 ](https://www.mb103.com/lnk.asp?o=14760&c=134674&a=364262&k=7EEF3153D2FDC87C795944EA873BD0A4&l=15653) 
 
 Are You Trainable? 
 Can you read directions, listen to videos and then complete simple laid out tasks checking them off one by one until you have completed a whole lesson? 
 
 Are you committed enough to improve your life and lifestyle with the dedication to making things better? This might seem like a very strange question to ask, but in order for this to work for you, dedication is going to be crucial for you to succeed. 
 Fear of trying new things is something we all must overcome to be a success in the world today and I can see what you are thinking what does fear have to do with success. 
 Did you know that people who have reached the highest success rates failed at doing what they were trying to accomplish prior to making themselves so successful? 
 Henry Ford 
 People like, Elvis Presley, Charlie Chaplain, Jim Carrey, Katy Perry, Oprah Winfrey, Jay-Z, J.K. Rowling, Stephen King, Bill Gates,  Henry Ford , Colonel Sanders (Yes, KFC), Thomas Edison, and Walt Disney. I am sure you may have heard of at least one of these famous people. 
 And they all made it to the top, but not on the first attempt, oh no, they failed and started over not once or twice either so if you are going to have a fear because you might fail then shame on you because honestly if you can read and write you can become successful in your own business online. 
 [ 
 ](https://www.mb103.com/lnk.asp?o=14760&c=134674&a=364262&k=7EEF3153D2FDC87C795944EA873BD0A4&l=15653) 
 
 Starting For FREE 
 This is the best part of the job offer that I can ever imagine anyone receives to start an online business, that fact that you can seriously  START FOR FREE , no one that I have found has ever offered anything for free on the internet that I find. 
 Have you ever found training from a place for FREE to start your very own business online that provided you with training, plus many other benefits that I do not have enough room here to list them all besides it would take a week? 
 Just when I think that I have come to the end of learning something with this business another member comes along with something completely new that I did not know and it can help my business move along faster and better. 
 Since I have kept you in suspense long enough the place that you can receive all the information right now is Wealthy Affiliate but do not think that all they teach is how to become an affiliate in the training because that is not true. 
 Affiliate Marketing is a very profitable business venture and is expected to grow into a very highly profitable industry by the year 2020 with more people shopping online daily the manufacturers want to claim more of this money. 
 How do manufacturers claim more of the money from people shopping online? By offering affiliate memberships to people who write blogs and have websites to promote their products – when someone goes from your website or blog to the manufacturer and makes a purchase you make a commission simple as that. 
 [ 
 ](https://www.mb103.com/lnk.asp?o=14760&c=134669&a=364262&k=7EEF3153D2FDC87C795944EA873BD0A4&l=15653) 
 
 No Experience 
 This is exactly what I was talking about when I said that you are going to throw those excuses out about having no experience or if you want to really know the truth of the matter the “  Fear of Failure  ” but with what you will learn at Wealthy Affiliate you cannot fail if you do not give up and quit. 
 Did you know that people who start in the online business world will usually get discouraged and just quit? They want the immediate satisfaction of success right this minute, and that is not how it works. 
 So if you are thinking this is one of those  push button get-rich-quick scams  sorry you are way off base. This is a job where you are going to be the boss owning and operating your own business online. 
 It will take time to build and make it work, building out a website might be easy (which it is), but knowing all the other components to make it a successful business takes the training, work, time, and patience for it to mature into a success. 
 There are members in this platform (which I prefer to call a community) from all age groups, there are young people that are still in high school to people that I know are in their 80s working and building a business online. 
 Successful online entrepreneurs will let you know this is the best way to learn to earn online marketing in any niche and business that you seriously want to start. 
 [ 
 ](https://www.mb103.com/lnk.asp?o=14760&c=134674&a=364262&k=7EEF3153D2FDC87C795944EA873BD0A4&l=15653) 
 
 In Closing 
 You came here looking for a job, but I am offering you something much better than any job you are going to find a way to start your own online business and earn a passive income for the rest of your life. 
 How can anyone turn down an opportunity like this especially when you can check it all out for FREE and the best part is you never have to become a Premium Member you can stay a Free Member for as long as you remain active and work on your business (website). 
 The free training is 20 lessons, 2 free websites, along with hosting that includes the bells and whistles need to keep your site secure, fast loading, and safe. Turning this alone down is not only crazy but plain insane. 
 Which do you prefer spending money on a system that is a scam or joining  Wealthy Affiliate for FREE ? 
 Want to work for someone else the rest of your life or own your own business? 
 Take a paycheck every week over passive income for a lifetime you decide? 
 I sure would like to hear your thoughts on these questions or any questions, comments, or suggestions you may have please leave them in the space provided below, I answer them all usually within 24 hours. 
 Thank you for taking the time to read best wishes and to your success whatever you decide, 
 Susan 
 [ 
 ](https://www.mb104.com/lnk.asp?o=14407&c=132117&a=364262&k=F7EC545FB5B6565DB2CA55E4B995ECAD&l=15191) 
 Categories  Who Can Work From Home  Tags  I Need A Job - Who Wants To Work Now Immediately?  Post navigation 
 What About Success? Business or Entrepreneur 
 Make Money From Home For Free – It is Possible! 
 Leave a Comment  Cancel reply 
 Comment 
 NameEmailWebsite 
 Affiliate Disclosure 
 A complete Affiliate Disclosure can be found under About Susan M. 
 Affiliate Links are contained in this website whereby the owner will be paid a commission if you purchase through this website. 
   
   
 Archives 
 
 October 2020 
 September 2020 
 May 2020 
 March 2020 
 February 2020 
 January 2020 
 December 2019 
 November 2019 
 October 2019 
 July 2019 
 June 2019 
 May 2019 
 April 2019 
 March 2019 
 February 2019 
 January 2019 
 December 2018 
 November 2018 
 October 2018 
 September 2018 
 August 2018 
 
 © 2021  • Built with  GeneratePress 
