  
 Menu Bar 
 
 __ 
 
 Go 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Job Search 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 New Graduates 
 Job Sites & Resources 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 
 
 Networking 
 
 Networking Tips 
 Networking Etiquette 
 Networking Events 
 Social Media & Online Networking 
 Elevator Speech 
 Informational Interviews 
 Networking Mistakes 
 FAQ About Networking 
 
 
 
 Cover Letter 
 
 Cover Letter Tips 
 Cover Letter Format 
 Cover Letter Samples 
 Cover Letter Mistakes 
 FAQ About Cover Letter Writing 
 
 
 
 Resume 
 
 Resume Tips 
 Resume Format 
 Resume Template 
 Resume Samples 
 Customizing Your Resume 
 Resume Formatting 
 Ideas & Alternatives 
 Resume Mistakes 
 Resume Writers 
 FAQ About Resume Writing 
 
 
 
 Interview 
 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Questions 
 Interview Skills 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Mistakes 
 Follow Up Interview Email 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Career Advancement 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 Continuing Education 
 Productivity 
 Work Relationships 
 Work Environment 
 Work Life Balance 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 
 Go 
 
  Home   
  Networking   
  Social Media and Online Presence   
 Twitter Job Search: Tweet Your Way to Your Next Job 
 
 Twitter Job Search: Tweet Your Way to Your Next Job 
 by Corinna Underwood 
 Twitter is not just for catching up on the latest celebrity gossip and political scandals, you may be surprised to know that more and more employers are starting to use it to find potential candidates for their workforce. Just 140 characters can help you find your dream job. 
 Make an Impression 
 If you want to make the best impression with potential employers, create a username that reflects your professional brand. Choose one that you can tie in with  your website , blog and other social media networks. For your picture, use a headshot. While it doesn't have to be taken by a professional, keep it simple with a plain background. You only have 160 characters to fill out your personal profile so make them count. Make it clear why you stand above the rest in your field and add a link to your  LinkedIn  account or professional portfolio. 
 Follow the Leaders 
 Seek out industry leaders in your field of expertise and follow their tweets. You can do this by searching for them by name or by their profession. It's also good to follow recruiters who work with companies that you would like to join. Recruiters will often post useful information about their companies as well as available vacancies. If they start to follow you this could lead to job offers. 
 Don't Be Timid About Tweeting 
 Tweet regularly and be sure to retweet any posts that you find interesting. Don't be afraid to ask questions of the influential people in your lists, such as company executives and hiring managers. It's perfectly fine to start a conversation via private messaging but minimize your tweets to five per week so that you don't come across as overbearing. 
 Join in Discussions 
 Many industries have weekly chats where you can spend an hour chatting with industry leaders. Check out the Twitter chat schedule to find a discussion that's relevant to your field and jump right in. This is a great way to  network  and to learn more about prospective employers. 
 Make the Most of #Hashtags 
 Use hashtags to help you find the right employer. While some, such as #HR, #recruiting, #jobopening and #hireme, will lead you to broad results, others, such as #engineering, #accounting and #healthcarejobs will lead you to more specific fields. 
 Use Job Seeker Resources 
 There are specific Twitter resources available for job seekers. Searching @Microjobs is a good place to start. Recruiters use this tag at the beginning of a tweet to submit job announcements which are then posted out to the network. Register with Tweet My Jobs. When you sign up with this website you create a search for jobs in your industry and you can have matches sent to you via Twitter, email or to your phone on a regular schedule. 
 Networking Center 
 
 Networking Tips 
 Networking Etiquette 
 Networking Events 
 Social Media and Online Presence 
 Elevator Speech 
 Informational Interviews 
 Networking Mistakes 
 FAQ About Networking 
 
 Recommended Articles 
 
 Networking Conversation Starters  
 Networking Tips for Introverts  
 Seven Ways to Prepare for a Successful Networking Event  
 Describing Yourself in 2 Minutes: The Elevator Pitch  
 Networking Is Not a Dirty Word  
 
 FAQ 
 
 How to Market Yourself? 
 How to Network When You're Unemployed? 
 Why Is LinkedIn Important for Your Job Search? 
 How to Stand Out on LinkedIn? 
 How to Leverage Twitter to Uncover Job Opportunities? 
 How to Ask for and Prepare for an Informational Interview? 
 
 Networking Center 
 
 Networking Tips 
 Networking Etiquette 
 Networking Events 
 Social Media and Online Presence 
 Elevator Speech 
 Informational Interviews 
 Networking Mistakes 
 FAQ About Networking 
 
 Become a Contributor 
 We are always on the lookout for good writers. If you are a resume writer, career coach or human resources professional and would like to contribute, please  get in touch  and earn your badge! 
 
 WorkBloom's goal is to help you find work and reach your highest aspirations, one step at a time. 
 Featured Resources 
 
 Resume Writing 101  __ 
 Over 300 Resume Samples  __ 
 Cover Letter Writing 101  __ 
 Over 200 Cover Letter Samples  __ 
 The Holland Codes / RIASEC  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Job Search Center  __ 
 Networking Center  __ 
 Cover Letter Center  __ 
 Resume Center  __ 
 Interview Center  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Career Center  __ 
 Students & New Graduates Center  __ 
 Contributors  __ 
 Contact Us  __ 
 
 Copyright © 2006-2020 | All Rights Reserved |  Privacy Policy 
 × 
 Send 
