Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Building Operator (Facilities & Maintenance) 
 HEXO Operations Inc. 
 __Belleville, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Belleville, ON, Canada Req #374 
Tuesday, November 10, 2020 
 We are currently seeking a Building Operator who will report to the Facilities Manager and Supervisor. The Facilities Building Operator will work closely with other Facilities staff to ensure the overall upkeep of our Facilities, Properties and assist to maintain production equipment and ensure a safe work environment. 
 Description: 
Participate in the development of a maintenance schedule and ensure preventative maintenance of equipment such as HVAC systems, production machinery and building components. 
Conduct preventative maintenance and inspections as required on assigned mechanical, electrical, HVAC systems and related equipment including but not limited to carbon dioxide supplementation systems, water treatment, boilers, air handling units, Destratification systems, computerized environmental control systems, and building envelope, on daily/weekly basis and complete appropriate record logs in order to ensure equipment is maintained in good working order. 
Liaise with licensed service providers as required for specific maintenance or installation projects. 
Conduct workplace inspections to ensure all equipment and work spaces are safe and up to Code, identify and eliminate (whenever possible) Occupational Health and Safety risks. 
 Qualifications: 
The ideal candidate has excellent, interpersonal and problem-solving skills; as well as proven customer service qualities. 
Should be able to work independently with minimal direction and able to respond quickly to emergency situations. 
The candidate must have proven time management skills and ability to prioritize work in order to deliver successful results. 
Hexo requires a collaborative individual with good judgment and decision-making skills, detailed oriented with good organization skills, positive attitude and willingness to learn. 
Must be adaptable to new ideas and change. 
The ideal candidate must have previous experience pertaining to HVAC systems, mechanical maintenance or other related field, (Certificate of Building Environmental Systems. 
Candidates must demonstrate strong problem-solving abilities. 
Bilingualism is an asset. 
Other details 
Pay Type Hourly 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
