the career guide 
 
 About 
 Contact Us 
 Top Comanies Hiring 
 
 Just another WordPress.com site 
 Archive for the 'The World's Coolest Jobs 2011' Category 
 The World's Coolest Jobs 2011 
 Imagine getting paid to eat ice cream all day, to go to the beach or to figure out how to make a race car go even faster. 
 They sound like fantasies to most of us but for some people, these are their actual jobs. 
 Take Paul Monaghan, who is the head of car engineering for the Red Bull Racing Formula One team. Or Kirsten Schimoler, whose job it is to come up with new flavors of ice cream for Ben & Jerry's. 
 We interviewed both of them and several others who have the world's coolest jobs. Click ahead to find out how they landed such a cool job and what a "typical" day is like for them! 
 Race Car Engineer 
 Source: Red Bull Racing 
 Paul Monaghan has a desk with a computer just like the rest of us, but instead of splitting his time between there and the conference room, he splits it between there and the racetrack. 
 He's the head of car engineering for the  Red Bull Racing Formula One  team, which means he oversees the build of the car and troubleshoots whenever anything goes wrong. And, of course, there's a lot of travel involved, given that Formula One races are held all over the world. 
 How did he get here? He studied mechanical engineering at the University of Hertfordshire in the U.K., got his first job at Aston Martin Honda, spent a decade with McLaren Racing and is now with Red Bull Racing. 
 His coolest day? "I would say winning the World Championship last year was pretty cool!" Monaghan said. "It makes all the long hours and hard work worth it." 
 Ice Cream Developer 
 Source: Ben & Jerry's 
 Kirsten Schimoler is a product developer/flavor guru for  Ben & Jerry's  ice cream. It's a job she's been training for since she was young. 
 Her parents were in the restaurant and wine business, and her father had done some product development, something she used to mimic as a child. 
 "I loved to cook growing up … my brother and I would go into the kitchen and create things, working with a family friend on recipe development in the summers," she said. 
 She has a degree in food science from Cornell University and worked at Unilever, doing product development for PF Chang's home bistro meals. When she saw the ad in the paper (yep, they advertised it in the paper!) she jumped at the chance to return to her native Vermont and work for a company she'd "consumed and admired" since she was five. 
 To answer your pressing questions: Yes she gets to eat ice cream all day. In fact, some days it's breakfast. Yes, she takes ice cream home (they get three free pints a day). The reason why she doesn't look like she eats ice cream all day is because the company has a free gym on site and gives them free memberships to a local gym. And yes, they're currently looking to hire another ice-cream developer! 
 Culinary Ambassador 
 Photo: Pei Wei 
 Alice Shin has a foodie's dream job: She's getting paid to eat her way across Asia, accompanied by two professional chefs, then blog about it. 
 How did she get such a delicious gig? She won a contest from the Pei Wei Asian Diner chain, owned by P.F. Chang's, to be a "culinary ambassador" for three weeks. Her winning application included submitting a few of her Yelp reviews and a short video. 
 On a recent day at "the office," Shin went to a soba shop to film a master making and cutting noodles by hand, tried noodles at several restaurants, visited a Japanese temple and castle, and then returned back to the hotel to edit the video with a cameraman, and blog about her day. (Read about all of her adventures at  www.peiweiblog.com .) 
 The skills necessary for a job like this are "a big appetite, no fear and the ability to capture your experience in a way that's relatable to the folks at home," Shin said. "Also, writing like the wind doesn't hurt either!" 
 After this gig is up, she goes back to her regular job, which is being a senior advertising copywriter at SapientNitro. Think Peggy from "Mad Men," "placed in a world of Twitter, Facebook and interactive advertising!" Shin said. 
 CEO of Funny Web Empire 
 Photo: Eugene Hsu 
 When most of us look at funny pictures of animals on the Internet, it's considered wasting time at work. For Ben Huh, who prefers to refer to it as a "mental vacation," it's his business model. 
 He's the big cheese (like he's never heard that one before) at Cheezburger Inc., the company behind 40 amusing web sites, including  ICanHasCheezburger.com ,  IHasaHotDog.com ,  FAILBlog.org ,  Memebase.com  and  theDailywh.at  . 
 The first site, ICanHasCheezburger, which features photos of cute cats, with captions in LOLspeak (e.g., "I can has cheezburger"), wasn't Huh's idea , but he saw the business value of it and bought the company in 2007. He had to nurture the site and work on turning it into a business. Initially, the business consisted of Huh in his PJs with his dog , watching daytime television and hosting user-submitted photos on ICanHasCheezburger.com. Now, it's a 40-site empire with 53 employees. 
 How did he get here? He studied journalism at Northwestern University's Medill School of Journalism and worked as a journalist for a few years before trying his hand a t a tech start-up just as the dot-com boom went bust. His last job was as a product manager for a touch-screen technology company. None of it felt quite right it wasn't until he reconnected with his inner entrepreneur. 
 Alas, Huh doesn't spend all day looking at submissions of funny photos like he did in the early days. Now, he has a team of people to do that. Contrary to what you might think, it's hard work making sure they live up to their motto: To make everyone happy for five minutes a day. 
 But ok, yeah. It's still fun. "I like to describe our business as party in the front, business in the back it's a reverse mullet!" Huh said. "It's a big, giant lab for humor." 
 Honeymoon Testers 
 Photo: Denise Thomas 
 Denise Duffield-Thomas set a goal: To travel around the world with her husband Mark. So when a friend sent her a story about an Irish tourism company looking for a couple to travel around the world testing honeymoon destinations for six months, she knew she had to apply. And sure enough, she and husband , Mark , won, beating out 30,000 other applicants. 
 Their "job" is to test out honeymoon destinations, then make videos, upload photos, and blog about their day. It's been the experience of a lifetime: They had a wedding ceremony with the Masai tribe in Kenya, snorkel ed for turtles in Australia, and rode camels in Jordan. 
 You have to be pretty versatile for a job like this: One day they are waited on hand - and - foot in a private villa .. the next day, they're off on a camping trip through the desert, Thomas said. And, while every marriage has its strains, they've had a few unique ones, like 5 a.m. interviews and swimming with sharks! 
 Great news: Runaway Bride and Groom, the company that hired them, is now looking for another couple to be the new honeymoon testers. Register at  RunawayBrideandGroom.com . 
 Tourism Ambassador 
 Source: Tourism Queensland 
 If you think some of these dream job contests don't constitute real jobs you haven't met Ben Southall. Ben won the "Best Job in the World" nearly two years ago, which was a job as an "island caretaker" in Queensland, Australia, where he would basically go to the beach, snorkel, dive and see everything there was to see, and then  blog about it . 
 It was a six-month gig , but Southall was so successful, he's now a full-time "tourism ambassador" for Queensland. Last year, he went on a global media tour, traveling around the world to talk about his experience. Now, he's back in Queensland, going on adventures and blogging about them. 
 What's a typical day like for Southall? Well, somedays "typical" means he's snorkeling in the Great Barrier Reef ; other days, it means escorting a group of students through the countryside or speaking before 2,000 people at a conference. But "caretaker" isn't just for show: Southall said some days he even has to clean the pool! 
 Professional T-Shirt Wearer 
 Photo: The Billboard Family 
 Kids will often beg their parents to stay home, prompting responses like, "Well, honey, Daddy doesn't get paid to sit around on the couch, so Daddy has to go to work." 
 Well, Carl and Amy Martin found a way to make that all one in the same: They created their own business as "The Billboard Family," and the whole family (including kids Layne, Kaitlyn and baby Alex) gets paid to wear a company's T-shirt for the day, whether they're at home or out. Then, they blog, do Facebook and Twitter updates and create YouTube videos to talk to their online community about the company they're wearing and its products. They even had a company sponsor the recent birth of their daughter, Alex! 
 Dad Carl said he actually got the idea after hearing about Jason Sadler, the guy who started a mini-T-shirt wearing empire called " I Wear Your Shirt ." 
 The kids love it: They not only get excited when the new T-shirts are delivered, they're also getting into helping out with the production of the daily photos and videos. And they're very good at suggesting poses. One downside: Getting the kids to keep their shirts clean! 
 Freelance Videographer 
 Photo: Molly McBride 
 Joe Caffrey is trained in broadcast production , but he doesn't report to an office or a studio. He reports to different locations around the world for each assignment, taking videos for his clients. 
 Sometimes it's Madison Square Garden in New York, sometimes it's Istanbul, Turkey. As a result, he basically wanders into a different "office" every day — and while some of his "co-workers" are the same, like his fellow freelancers, they might also include the occasional famous person like the Dalai Lama or Chris Rock! 
 He does a lot of work for Carnegie Hall, which is how he landed in Istanbul. They do a global student-sharing program and he's part of the team that shoots the concerts and transmits them around the world. Sometimes these videos are just for the client's records, such as the Dalai Lama's speeches in Madison Square Garden, or corporate parties. Other times, it turns into something else — like the Chris Rock concert, where the footage was used for his HBO special. 
 And while others faced layoffs during the recession, Caffrey benefited from companies being tight on money and wanting to use freelancers. He had gone freelance shortly before the recession so he was in the perfect spot. "I was already in on the ground floor of the bad economy!" Caffrey quips. 
 Among his favorite "days at the office" are the time he directed video coverage of the "Flight of the Concords" when they did a live show at Radio City Music Hall in New York, and working with a famous tabla drummer in India. As they walked through the streets together, the crowd parted! 
 All in a day in the life of a freelance videographer. 
 
 by  Cindy Perman for CNBC 
 Category: 
 Hiring Trends for 2011 ,  Job Openings ,  Job Strategies ,  Job-hunting ,  Job-Seeker Tips ,  Jobs ,  The World's Coolest Jobs 2011 
 Search: Go! 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Man Arrested After Trying To Build Nuclear Reactor at Home 
 Companies hiring this month 
 Nontraditional Careers Which Pay $100K 
 LinkedIn Roll-outs Switch That allows you to Apply for Job 
 Paid for Doing Nothing: Suspended Office Assistant Kept Getting Checks for 12 Years 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 Nadeem Ahsan on  New Jobs in CANADA - 100… 
 
 
 
 
 
 mohammed khaja pasha on  New Jobs in CANADA - 100… 
 
 
 
 Olivia Hall on  'Job Killing' CEOs:… 
 
 
 
 
 Lockerz free invite  on  Fantastic Formulas for Composi… 
 
 
 Iris Nie on  Can a President Be Reelected W… 
 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 August 2011 
 July 2011 
 June 2011 
 May 2011 
 April 2011 
 March 2011 
 February 2011 
 January 2011 
 December 2010 
 November 2010 
 October 2010 
 September 2010 
 August 2010 
 July 2010 
 June 2010 
 May 2010 
 April 2010 
 March 2010 
 February 2010 
 January 2010 
 December 2009 
 
 Categories 
 
 $20 Per Hour Blogger Company Jobs 
 000 
 000 and Deutsche Bank 5500 Jobs 
 10 awesome employee perks 
 10 Best iPhone and iPad Applications for Job Seekers 
 10 Jobs that Earn $60000 per Year 
 10 Jobs that Pay $50 per Hour 
 10 Jobs that Pay $70000 Per Year 
 10 Salaries That Will Grow in 2010 
 10 Secrets to Getting Promoted 
 10 Surprising Jobs Where Women Are Taking Over 
 10 Things That Will Get You Hired 
 10 Things to Do When You Leave Corporate America 
 10 Things Your Boss Won't Tell You 
 10-Step Plan to Career Change 
 100 Best companies for women 
 100 Best Jobs in America 
 100 Dollar per Hour - Paid Jobs 
 100 Great Places to Find Real Jobs 
 11 Hot Fields for Hiring in 2011 
 11 Ways to Find Women-Friendly Employers 
 11 Ways to Hurt Your Career 
 12 Money-Making Certificates 
 12 Traits of a great boss 
 13 Ways to Be a Better Co-Worker 
 15 Jobs That Pay $50 An Hour 
 15 Most Hated Companies in America 
 15 Things Not to Say to Your Boss 
 20 High Paying Jobs Salaries That Don't Require Degrees 
 20 Jobs That Pay $25 per Hour 
 20 Ways to Manage Your Boss 
 2010-11 Working Mother 100 Best Companies 
 2011 Employment and Salary Outlook 
 2020 Workplace Will Work For You 
 23 ways for teens to make money 
 25 Highest Annual Salaries in Government 
 25 Jobs that Pay $25-an-Hour 
 25 Top-Paying Companies 
 27 Million Americans Work This Way 
 30+ Websites to Visit When You are Laid Off 
 40 things you wish you could say to your boss 
 600000 Holiday Jobs 
 600000 Holiday Jobs: 40 Percent Could Become Permanent 
 7 Basic Things You Won't Believe You're All Doing Wrong 
 7 Industries in Need of Workers Now 
 7 Jobs That Earn $60000 per Year 
 7 Jobs That Make It Worth Skipping College 
 7 Spectacular Career Comebacks 
 7 Things Your Boss Should Never Say to You 
 7 Tricks to Improve Your Memory 
 8 Jobs with High Average Starting Salaries 
 America's 15 Most Popular Jobs 
 America's Highest-Paying White-Collar Jobs 
 America's Most Popular Jobs 
 America's Most Surprising Six-Figure Jobs 
 America's Top and Best Jobs 
 and LinkedIn Worth 
 Apply Now for Employment 
 Apply Now for New Jobs in this Month 
 Are Jobs for Tobacco Users Going Up in Smoke? 
 Are You a Dragon (Yin) or a Tiger (Yang)? 
 Army Jobs 
 ATT Hiring 3 
 Avoid Sabotaging Your Personal Brand Online 
 Bank of America Hiring 
 Before and After: An Inner Self Makeover 
 Best and worst cities for jobs 
 Best Retirement Jobs 
 Best-Paying Jobs For College Graduates 
 Best-paying Jobs for Women 
 Biggest CEO Bonuses for 2010 
 Blue Collar Jobs 
 Bosses Sometimes Make the Wrong Call 
 Building Your Career Portfolio 
 Business 
 Business Mistakes 
 Career 
 Career - Job's Do's and Don'ts 
 Career - Jobs in 2010 
 Career Assessment Do's and Don'ts 
 Career Change 
 Career Change Mistakes to Avoid 
 Career Networking 
 Career Networking FAQs 
 Career Plannig 
 Careers That Can Double Your Pay 
 Careers that Earn You $40 per Hour 
 Common Resume Blunders 
 companies are in search of employees 
 Companies Hiring for the Holidays 
 Companies hiring in December 2010 
 Companies Hiring in November 
 Companies Hiring This Month 
 Companies to Watch in 2011 
 Computer and Information Technology Jobs 
 CV / Resume Tips 
 Deadly Sins of Job-Hunting 
 Dealing with a Bad Boss 
 Dealing With Non-Compete Clauses and Agreements 
 Dealing With Office Politics 
 Dream Job 
 Dream Jobs 
 Dream Jobs: Six-Figure Salaries and a Bright Future 
 Earn $30 or More an Hour 
 Earn That 
 Elevator Speeches 
 Ellen Helps Sheri Get the Job 
 Employment 
 Engineering Jobs 
 Enrichment with a purpose 
 Entry-Level Job Opportunities 
 Exciting Jobs That Pay $40K And Up 
 Expert Tips to Increase Your Salary 
 Facebook 
 Facebook Says It’s NOT Shutting Down 
 Fastest Growing Careers 
 Fight Ageism Job Seekers: Older is Wiser 
 Fighting the Overqualified Label 
 Find a Job in One Day 
 Finding Employment on the Internet 
 Fired to Hired – Layoff to Payoff 
 Five Biggest Resume Lies Exposed 
 Formula for Finding 
 FORTUNE's 100 Best Companies to Work for 2011 
 Foundation for a New Job 
 Four Reasons You May Not Be Getting the Job 
 Free Websites for Learning and Teaching 
 Future Jobs 
 GE to hire 3 
 GE to hire 3000 techies in India 
 Get Hired 
 GM and GE Add Thousands of Jobs 
 Google Movie 
 Google Zeitgeist 2010 - Chatroulette Beats All 
 Government Jobs vs. Private Jobs 
 High Average Starting Salaries 
 Highest Paying Jobs 
 Highest Paying Jobs In The U.S. 
 Highest Paying Trades 
 Hiring Trends for 2010 
 Hiring Trends for 2011 
 Holiday Hot Jobs 
 Home Depot to Employ 60000 
 How to argue with your boss and win 
 How to Avoid Job Scams and Schemes 
 How to Be a Millionaire by Age 25 
 How to deal with a brutal boss 
 HOW TO Find and Land Freelance Work 
 How to Find Unadvertised Jobs 
 How to Get a Job Before It's Posted 
 How to Get on Your Boss's Radar 
 How To Get The Best Job 
 How to Make Up to $19 per Hour 
 How to make Your Case for a Promotion 
 HOW TO: Optimize Your LinkedIn Profile 
 In-Demand Jobs 
 Industries is Hiring Now 
 Influence Skills in Career Development 
 Interview Questions 
 Job Leads 
 Job Openings 
 Job Strategies 
 Job-hunting 
 Job-hunting - salary negotiation tactics 
 Job-Hunting in Times of Uncertainty 
 Job-Search Mistakes 
 Job-Seeker Tip 
 Job-Seeker Tips 
 Jobs 
 Jobs before they were president of USA 
 Jobs for People Who Want Power 
 Jobs in CANADA 
 Jobs Posted Today 
 Jobs that Pay $90000 
 Jobs Without A Degree 
 Jobs You Can Start Today 
 JPMorganChase To Hire 10 
 Kelli Space Has a $189182.39 Outstanding Student Loan Debt 
 Life Planning 
 LinkedIn 
 LinkedIn Launching Social News Product 
 LinkedIn Tips 
 Make $40K-$60K With An Associate Degree 
 Make the Best of a Bad Economy 
 Making a Lateral Career Move 
 Manage Bad Bosses 
 Mid-Year Career Checkup 
 Million-Dollar Businesses You have Never Heard Of 
 Million-dollar salaries 
 Money-Making Degrees 
 Most Dangerous Jobs 
 Most Secure Jobs for 2010 
 My Unemployed Life 
 Negotiate a higher salary in 2011 
 Networking Buddy System 
 New Guinness World Record for Twitter 
 New Jobs 
 New Jobs in Top Companies 
 New Zodiac Sign Dates: Ophiuchus The 13th Sign? 
 Non 9-to-5 Jobs that Earn $25 plus per Hour 
 Nontraditional Jobs That Pay $100K 
 Now Hiring: 10000 Walmart Jobs 
 Office Work etiuettes 
 Overseas Jobs 
 PARADE'S What People Earn: Celebrity Salaries Revealed 
 Part Time Jobs 
 Performance Review in a Down Economy 
 Physically Active Jobs 
 Pressing Your Recruiter's Hot Button? 
 Reasons of Employers Won't Hire you 
 Recommended reading for positive career changes 
 Recruitment Predictions 
 Red Hod Jobs 
 Resignation 
 Retirement: The New Math of Personal Finance 
 Ride a Bike or Walk to Work 
 Salary Gambits 
 Salary Negotiation Techniques 
 salary negotiations 
 Saying No to Your Boss 
 Scenarios in Which Quitting is Advisable 
 Score a Job Through Twitter 
 Secrets to Getting the Job 
 Seven High-Paying Jobs with Bachelor Degree 
 Side Jobs for Extra Cash 
 Six Subtle Moves That Hold Women Back From Success 
 Six Surprising Six-Figure Jobs 
 Six Top Industries Hiring in 2011 
 Six-Figure Jobs in High Demand 
 Sleuthing Out Hiring Managers 
 So - Um - Like I Really Want This Job - Ya Know? 
 Social Media 
 Social Media Jobs 
 Son of NAFTA Will Cost The US 159000 Jobs 
 Study This 
 Summer Jobs and What They Pay 
 Surprising first jobs of U.S. billionaires 
 t 
 Temporary Jobs and Contract Positions Coming in 2011 
 Ten Highest Paying Jobs In Business 
 Ten Jobs That Pay $80000 Per Year 
 Ten Most Flexible Jobs and What They Pay 
 The 10 Hottest Private Companies in Tech 
 The 50 Best Careers of 2011 
 The Best-Paying Finance Jobs 
 The Five Highest-Paid CEOs 
 The Latest Job Openings and Hiring 
 The World's Coolest Jobs 2011 
 The World's Most Reputable Companies 
 Things That Kill Your Memory and Secret Memory Enhancers 
 Time Management: 44 Key Strategies 
 Tips for lazy workers to get ahead 
 Tips To Become A Better Boss 
 Top 10 Companies Hiring 
 Top 10 Companies Hiring This Week 
 Top 10 Jobs With Parent-Friendly Hours 
 Top 10 Most Dangerous Jobs 
 Top 10 real tips to manage pressure at work (tips by msn) 
 Top 25 Cities for Your Career Boost 
 Top Companies Hiring 
 Top Employers of Veterans 
 Top Five Industries for Salary Growth 
 Top Footballers Earning 
 Top Myths and Realities of Salary Negotiation 
 Top Ten Companies Hiring for Work from Home 
 Twitter 
 Two Suns? Twin Stars Could Be Visible From Earth By 2012 
 Uncategorized 
 Uncovering Unpublicized Job Leads 
 Unemployment Dips - 192K Jobs Added 
 Upcoming Social Media and Tech Events 
 USA Hottest Job Markets 2011 
 Well-paying jobs you can get right out of high school 
 What makes a good boss? 
 What to Do When Your Boss Is Wrong 
 When the New Boss Ruins Your Work Life 
 Where the Jobs Are 
 Which Top 10 Careers Will Pay Better in 2011 
 Who Earns More Than The President 
 Who's Hiring Now 
 Who’s Hiring This Week 
 Women's Career 
 Work At Home Jobs And Programs 
 Work Experience Tips 
 Work Less - Earn More 
 Work-at-Home Real Resources Companies 
 Working moms redefining success 
 Workplace Anxiety Triggers 
 Worst Bosses of 2010 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Tag Cloud 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
