Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 SUBSTITUTE TEACHER 2020-2021 - French Immersion (Kindergarten to Grade 12) 
 Elk Island School Division 
 __Sherwood Park, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Elk Island Public Schools (EIPS) is one of the largest school divisions in Alberta, serving the education needs of approximately 17,150 students in 43 schools. Every day, the staff and students of EIPS are encouraged to pursue opportunities to grow and to discover their passions in life. We pride ourselves on providing our staff and students with the tools to achieve success by offering dynamic programming, up‐ to‐date resources and practical professional learning opportunities. 
 Open to:  Internal and External candidates who are qualified teachers. Those teacher candidates, who are already approved EIPS substitute teachers should not apply to this new job posting. 
 Qualifications: 
Bachelor of Education degree 
Must have or be eligible for an Alberta Teaching Certificate 
Advanced French language proficiency to teach French Immersion (Kindergarten to Grade 12) including: 
understanding main ideas and specific details in most oral and written texts related to social, travel and school-related subjects; including complex details, inferences and fine points of meaning; 
participating effectively in discussions on a variety of topics; 
speaking with a natural delivery; 
writing explanations or descriptions in a variety of informal and formal, social, work and school-related situations; 
writing texts in which ideas are developed and presented in a coherent manner, with appropriate vocabulary, grammar and spelling; 
being easily understood; pronunciation does not interfere with communication; and 
an understanding of French Immersion programming and second language acquisition. 
Effective organization and classroom management skills 
Ability to create a classroom environment where students feel safe, supported, and challenged 
Excellent verbal and written skills 
Experience or familiarity analyzing data and using data to inform decision and/or instruction 
Strong collaboration and teamwork skills 
Growth mindset and ability to use feedback to improve practice 
Relentless drive to set and achieve personal and professional goals 
 Only online applications will be accepted. (In your online applicant profile, it is mandatory that you complete the Education History and Teaching & Relative Experience fields.) 
 Elk Island Public Schools appreciates and considers all applications; however, we only contact candidates who are selected for interviews. 
 All newly hired Substitute Teachers will be required to provide a satisfactory Criminal Records Check, which includes a vulnerable sector check - dated within six (6) months from offer of employment with EIPS - obtained from local RCMP or Police Department. Any costs incurred are the responsibility of the employee. 
 Please Note:  Social Insurance Card/Letter (SIN) - According to Service Canada the name and SIN recorded in payroll must match the name on your SIN card/letter. If you have changed or are changing your name, apply to Service Canada to have your SIN card/letter amended. http://www.servicecanada.gc.ca/eng/sc/sin/index.shtml 
"By law, if the SIN holder's name has changed, the person must apply for a replacement SIN card / letter under the new name within 60 days from the date their name was legally changed." 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
