Skip to content 
 
 MinBane 
 I write what I like. 
   
 Tag: Jobless Brotherhood 
 On Hon. Nsereko: he is an Imposter of the Yellow, not so “independent” apparently! 
 The former  National Resistance Movement  Member of Parliament in the Buganda Caucus cannot be seen as anything else than a skeleton of political figure after the reason actions by the man. He has been in the 9th Parliament into squabble with his mother-party NRM as he fought against it and even won as NRM Rebel MPs like Hon.  Muhammed Nsereko  tried to find a new  “home”.  That ended up sort-of being affiliated with the  Forum for Democratic Change  as he was running as an  " Independent" . Nsereko had to take his rebel case all the way to Uganda’s Supreme Court and won over the State of Uganda there in midst of October 2015. Something that is just a year ago, now! 
 So after winning a seat in Parliament again, he ran wild on trying to upset the NRM rule of the August House of Parliament with ousting Hon.  Jacob Oulanyah  , he tried to do what the wifes of Hon. Oulanyah does, without making it apparently because Oulanyah came this time. Hon. Nsereko wanted to be the Deputy Speaker and be the underling of Hon  . Rebecca Kadaga. 
 That was flawed from the get-go as the NRM Machine was working overtime and giving money for new suits and such to bribe the MPs into submission and get the MPs that Mzee trusted to follow the guidelines of his MPs. So Hon. Nsereko who tried with his posing as the Opposition candidate and the man to stand for FDC, DP and UPC to be the man for them to have, as the  August House of Parliament  deserved his service and his work ethic to keep the Parliament in order. That was something that wasn’t working as the service rendered from the bribed MPs came into order and his candidacy as flawed it could be. 
 After this and just being an MP and working as normal, even as the wealthy business man, who even these days have proven his wealth. He even showed up on the Independence Celebration of Mzee at Luuka District all smiling with the First Lady  Janet Museveni  and all of his noble clan of dignitaries. Where they we’re celebrating the independence in the name of greed and glory of the Movement. 
 So when he did so and when this week started as the man under Buganda Caucus was expecting money the Caucus to silence the Opposition and even trying to persuade the MPs there to go for working for the Ruling Regime. This was happening as an event we’re given directly from the State House 500m shillings. That we’re partly directed by the "Independent" man Hon. Nsereko who had been smiling in Luuka.  The proof is right there… 
 If you cannot believe it now, it is right there and visible like a the sun is shining. The former NRM Rebel, isn’t really a NRM Rebel as his cash-cow and money hungry soul who owns a parts of Football Club and even apartments’ in Zambia doesn’t’ want to divorce himself from NRM, that is just a play of guards and to look good in public  . In reality with all of connections and with the knowledge that you need to know people and grease people to do business; the Hon. Nsereko must use the entire extended network for his personal gain.  As he did in the Opposition, something he really wasn’t when you look into it. 
 So the pictures of his acts, his words against the Defiance and the  Jobless Brotherhood  another way of seeing that he isn’t really a opposition or wishing to be so. He we’re just there because he rebelled and now he tries to get back into the mother-party and good graces. Therefore smiling with Janet on the Independence Day and acting all sort of giddy while the affiliated with the FDC during the campaigns who he supposed to represented we’re detained, house-arrested and silenced at that moment. Though Nsereko we’re initially running as an  “independent”  because of his past aggression and misbehaving in Parliament: so this independent candidate isn’t that independent as he now could just become Yellow again if he was honest with himself and his stature; though that is in the mercy of Mzee and his  NRM Electoral Commission . 
 We can now see his true Yellow colours, they are waving as flags in the wind. There are no questions that the rebel isn’t as rebellious as his greed and guts are more important that standards and development. His own personal interests and wealth is more important, just like the monies for cars, expenses and extra engorgements through the Parliament as MP is vastly more peculiar to him than delivering any policy or change that matters for his Buganda Constiuency. Trust me, he will only be a puppet for the NRM machine in this 10th Parliament, that is why he is there, though in fake pretence as a “Independent” because nothing about this man is “independent”.  He is currently a stooge under the portfolio of Mzee.  Peace! 
 Share this: 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Author   nilspeace Posted on  October 12, 2016October 13, 2016 Categories  Africa ,  Business ,  Civil Service ,  Development ,  Economic Measures ,  Economy ,  Election ,  Ethics ,  Governance ,  Government ,  Law ,  Leadership ,  Politics Tags  10th Parliament ,  10th Parliament of Uganda ,  2011 General Election Uganda ,  2016 General Election ,  2016 General Election Uganda ,  9th Parliament ,  9th Parliament of Uganda ,  Action Aid ,  Badru Kiggundu ,  Badru Kigundu ,  Beti Kamya ,  Central Kampala ,  Col. Dr. Kizza Besigye ,  Col. Kizza Besigye ,  Col. Kulagye ,  Daily Monitor ,  David Sejusa ,  Deputy Chief Justice Stephen Kavuma ,  Don Wanyama ,  Dr Badru Kiggundu ,  Dr Badru M. Kiggundu ,  Dr. Col. Kizza Besigye ,  Dr. Kizza Besigye ,  Dr. Olara Otunnu ,  Dr. Tanga Odoi ,  Dr. Warren Smith Kizza Besigye Kifefe ,  East Africa ,  EC ,  Electoral Commission ,  Empty Suits ,  Eng. Dr. Badru M. Kiggundu ,  FDC ,  Forum for Democratic Change ,  Gen. David Sejusa ,  Gen. David Sejusa aka Tinyefuza ,  Gen. Mugisha Muntu ,  Gen. Otafiire ,  General Sejusa Tinyefunza ,  GoU ,  Government of Uganda ,  Greed ,  H. E. Yoweri Kaguta Museveni ,  H.E. Yoweri Museveni ,  Harold Kaija ,  Harold Kajja ,  Hon. Beti Kamya ,  Hon. Betty Amongin ,  Hon. Jacob Oulanya ,  Hon. Jimmy Akena ,  Hon. Joshua Anywarach ,  Hon. Mohammed Nsereko ,  Hon. Nathan Nandala-Mafabi ,  Hon. Rebecca Kadaga ,  Hon. Rwamirana ,  Hon.Muhammad Nsereko ,  Independent Electoral Commission ,  Jacob Oulanya ,  Jacob Oulanyah ,  JEEMA ,  Jimmy Akena ,  Jobless Brotherhood ,  Joshua Anywarach ,  Kahinda Otafiire ,  Kampala ,  Lt. Gen. Yoweri Kaguta Museveni. ,  M-Pigs ,  Maj General Mugisha Muntu ,  Maj. Gen Kahinda Otafiire ,  Maj. Gen. Mugisha Muntu ,  Major General Mugisha Muntu ,  Member of Parliament ,  Members of Parliament ,  Michael Kabaziguruka ,  Mohammed Nsereko ,  MP ,  MPIGS ,  Mrs. Beti Kamya ,  Mugisha Muntu ,  Muhammad Nsereko ,  Nathan Nandala-Mafabi ,  National Resistance Movement ,  Norman Tumuhimbise ,  NRM ,  NRM Regime ,  NRM-UPC ,  Olara A. Otunnu ,  Opposition ,  Oulanyah ,  Parliament ,  Parliament of Uganda ,  PPS Don Wanyama ,  President Museveni ,  Rebecca Kadaga ,  Rt. Hon Rebecca Kadaga ,  SC Victoria University ,  Secret Ballot ,  Sports Club Victoria University ,  Stephen Kavuma ,  Suits ,  Tamale Mirundi ,  Tanga Odoi ,  The Jobless Brotherhood ,  Tinyefuza ,  Uganda ,  Uganda General Election 2016 ,  Uganda Peoples Congress ,  Uganda Premier League ,  UPC ,  UPC-NRM ,  Yoweri Kaguta Museveni ,  Yoweri Museveni ,  Zambia Leave a comment on On Hon. Nsereko: he is an Imposter of the Yellow, not so “independent” apparently! 
 My letter to Hon. Nsereko on recent outburst on NBS towards the Jobless Brotherhood! 
 Dear Muhammad Nsereko, whoever you are affiliated with and assemble with; I write to you today. Because of your words that you uttered on NBS TV Uganda yesterday and needs to be put some reflection on. Your wealth and continued terms in the Parliament makes you blind the reality. First your own words, than my take on you Honoarable! 
 Hon. Muhammad Nsereko on NBS TV Yesterday: 
 “This is not new in Parliament. These are young men being given ‘something’. My immediate reaction was  , ‘ohh, I saw this coming’.  Pigs were thrown in front of Prophet Muhammad’s house several times. All this is happening because I didn’t support defiance.  Most bloggers writing about me are Besigye apologists. They are just being used by Besigye  ,” (…) “These people’s next move is  ‘occupy Parliament’,  I know everything. If the demonstration was about greedy Parliamentarians, wouldn’t it be us? I think not, because we don’t represent that category.” 
 Yep, you’re a brutal speaker and direct as always. That you are connecting  Norman Tumuhimbise  and his  Jobless Brotherhood  with the  Forum for Democratic Change  former Presidential Candidate Besigye; Mr. Tumuhimbise has been arrested, attacked and gotten abducted for his campaign against the NRM. This is the same as Besigye, which is what they have in common Hon. Nsereko. The reason why you are not in the NRM anymore is both of your own implications and also because you know Kampala is hostile to NRM. Therefore to win your seat your alliance with others to get your place in the National Assembly; so you should be a bit more soft-spoken about the people who has opened their arms to you! Looks like to me that you don’t represent Kampala but only yourself and selfish rich interests. 
 There been reports before you we’re detained in 2012 that you we’re flashing a FDC sign as you reacted to your stances in Parliament and becoming parts of rebellious MPs of the 9th Parliament. Still, that doesn’t sound real. If you don’t believe my sayings, it is something you can look at when there is a report about you in 2013; that says this: 
 “Politically,  Nsereko has been representing NRM in a constituency of Kampala central which has always been very hostile to NRM . His support base has been made of frustrated Kampala dwellers that are fed up of NRM due to numerous reasons ranging from the challenging economic situations, the high taxes, rent, Jennifer Musisi’s hostile activities of the KCCA’ constant evictions” (…) “Economically speaking; while his accomplices who have been surviving on proceeds from parliament are definitely going to find the economic aspect to find life difficult to cope with, Nsereko is instead likely to enjoy himself.  This is because he is known to be very wealthy with financial connections at home and abroad  ” (…) “Those close to him claim that he is one man who can seal a deal of a million dollar in just two hours. But the NRM might counter this economic advantage by using the money laundering law to stop the foreign dime from flowing to him. And indeed at the height of his disagreement with his party leadership,  Nsereko was arrested and detained in crane bank for obtaining huge unexplainable amounts of money  ” (News.ugo.co.ug, 2013). 
 So you are one of the men with massive amounts of monies in Crane Bank, maybe you can become their investor? Your connections can really change guards as you have gone from being NRM to become who you are now. That you are hostile to KCCA and Dr. Musisi is not alone, maybe she is stifling your millions and secret agreements that secure your funding and wealth as the connections are used establish yourself. 
 You had to be kicked out of NRM, still yesterday you are an apologist for the Movement still. Honourable you have just used your place after the ceased trial to cater to opposition while still being loyal to NRM. As I am sure all your rich connections are and still are. Your wealth has to come from the ruling regime and not from dust. With this in mind what you did in 2015 we’re not a surprise: 
 “Serbian Simo Dubajic has brought his colourful 4-year association with SC Victoria University to an end after sanctioning the sale of the Uganda Premier League club to the Kampala Central Member of Parliament (MP) Muhammad Nsereko in a major takeover (70%)” (…)  “MP Nsereko is one of the richest MPs in the country with sources close to youthful legislator intimating to us that Nsereko has got huge investments in the Zambian capital Lusaka and St. Livingstone a suburb in Zambia  ” (Muneza, 2015). 
 Now that the foreign wealth in Zambia, owning a Football Club and other unknown wealth as you have already lately showed of your court while going to Parliament; shows how far away from the average man you have become. You’re the NRM Elite, the man who represents the ones who has earned on your allegiance towards the Movement. Therefore your defense of yourself and the acts of greed in Parliament is not shocking. 
 It would be shocking if you stood by the principals of honesty and accountability. Than you have had to show your wealth in public and not just flaunt it like you do now. Hon. Nsereko you’re a wealthy man in gold and silver, also ambition, but not in respect. You’re tactless and dishonest. You play games for your own gain and not caring about the ones you represent in Kampala. 
 Clearly your wealth is your pride, but Hon. Nsereko you might have your wealth and cash-flow more than I can ever dream of. But with that you have to kiss the ring of NRM even when you outside of the Party. You’re a loyal dog to the  ‘Old Man with the Hat’  as you know this is the only way to survive the businesses and valuable estates. You can think your Teflon and has the power with your riches. But Hon. Nsereko it is borrowed and when the time is it, it might go into the wind as quickly as your raised it. 
 That you now trying to connect innocent Norman Tumuhimbise of Jobless Brotherhood with the FDC and Besigye; they are both opposition and work for the same cause getting rid of the draconian regime of Museveni. Still, the reality is that they are only working for the same, but are not run by either or. Hon. Nsereko tries to connect all kind of demonstrations on Besigye and blame him for the difficult political climate. Instead of seeing that people doesn’t’ always work on the same cause together.  Even if the NRM has to connect the MPs in USA to a seminar to get them benefitted and bribed in line, as much as the “training” at Kyankwanzi after the election is supposed to do the same.  There is supposed to be the same between Tumuhimbise and Besigye. If you can find the missing MoU between FDC and Jobless Brotherhood I wish you the best in your duck-hunt hon. Nsereko! 
 In 2015 in an interview Mr. Tumuhimbise said this: 
 “None: One [Mbabazi] whose wife is currently admitted has been part of the past regime and I do not think he can change what was there. The other [Besigye] said he will not come back provided Kiggundu is the Chairman Electoral Commission, he is now back. Surprisingly,  If Muntu had gone through, I would be with him running around the whole country, it’s a personal opinion though  ” (Tukel, 2015). 
 So Hon. Nsereko before you pick your words knows about the ones you describe, but the wealth has blinded you. The leader of Jobless Brotherhood would have campaigned for Gen.  Mugisha Muntu  and not even Besigye, the man who apparently using him for his cause. Not like you are being used by the Movement for their cause to look like Opposition. While you in reality are NRM in clothes of opposition just like Hon.  Beti Kamya  and so many others. Can’t you just talk to Dr.  Tanga Odoi  and others trade with them like Gen. Otafiire and then you might get a place back again where you rich soul belongs. 
 Do you know something else that I agrees with Mr.  Tumuhimbise  said in 2015: 
 “(Journalist questions him) Rate the current government in one word? 
 Norman answers  : It is taken up by greed !” (Tukel, 2015). 
 Hon. Nsereko he is speaking about you and your kind who buys football clubs instead of good governance. He describes your disrespectful behaviour and your trading graces to gain popularity. You don’t care about your constituency Hon. Nsereko as you are addressing the  Jobless Brotherhood  this way. Like  Action Aid  said in their stats that  62%  of all Youth between 20-31 years in Uganda that year in 2015. I am sure honourable that the numbers are most likely the same today. Surely some of the unemployed youth that Tumuhimbise is parts of his demonstrations, as much as there are even more in of them in the Central Kampala. 
 You are the greedy man that Tumuhimbise is acting upon and that Besigye wants accountability in Parliament and in Government. Something that might look into your portfolio and your connections Honourable  Nsereko  ;  that is why you are connected to men you don’t want to disclose and at the same time you want to attack the men who are not like you! 
 That should you think about if you ever read these humble words I have written to you. Peace. 
 Reference: 
 News.ugo.co.ug – ‘LIKELY NOT TO SHOUT MORE: MP’s Ssekikubo and Nsereko’ (18.04.2013) link:  http://news.ugo.co.ug/likely-not-to-shout-more-mps-ssekikubo-and-nsereko/ 
 Muneza, Stephen – ‘MP Muhammad Nsereko Buys SC Victoria University’ (29.01.2015) link:  http://www.chimpreports.com/mp-muhammad-nsereko-buys-sc-victoria-university/ 
 Tukel, Lyn – ‘One on One with IUIU’s Norman Tumuhimbise, the Jobless Brotherhood Founder’ (21.11.2016) link:  https://campusbee.ug/lifestyle/commentary/one-on-one-with-iuius-norman-tumuhimbise-the-jobless-brotherhood-founder/ 
 Share this: 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Author   nilspeace Posted on  September 19, 2016September 19, 2016 Categories  Africa ,  Business ,  Civil Service ,  Development ,  Economic Measures ,  Economy ,  Election ,  Ethics ,  Governance ,  Government ,  Law ,  Leadership ,  Politics Tags  10th Parliament ,  10th Parliament of Uganda ,  2011 General Election Uganda ,  2016 General Election ,  2016 General Election Uganda ,  9th Parliament ,  9th Parliament of Uganda ,  Action Aid ,  Badru Kiggundu ,  Badru Kigundu ,  Beti Kamya ,  Central Kampala ,  Col. Dr. Kizza Besigye ,  Col. Kizza Besigye ,  Dr Badru Kiggundu ,  Dr Badru M. Kiggundu ,  Dr. Col. Kizza Besigye ,  Dr. Kizza Besigye ,  Dr. Tanga Odoi ,  Dr. Warren Smith Kizza Besigye Kifefe ,  East Africa ,  EC ,  Electoral Commission ,  Eng. Dr. Badru M. Kiggundu ,  FDC ,  Forum for Democratic Change ,  Gen. Mugisha Muntu ,  Gen. Otafiire ,  GoU ,  Government of Uganda ,  Greed ,  Hon. Beti Kamya ,  Hon.Muhammad Nsereko ,  Independent Electoral Commission ,  Jobless Brotherhood ,  Kahinda Otafiire ,  Kampala ,  M-Pigs ,  Maj General Mugisha Muntu ,  Maj. Gen Kahinda Otafiire ,  Maj. Gen. Mugisha Muntu ,  Major General Mugisha Muntu ,  Member of Parliament ,  Members of Parliament ,  MP ,  MPIGS ,  Mrs. Beti Kamya ,  Mugisha Muntu ,  Muhammad Nsereko ,  National Resistance Movement ,  Norman Tumuhimbise ,  NRM ,  NRM Regime ,  SC Victoria University ,  Sports Club Victoria University ,  Tanga Odoi ,  The Jobless Brotherhood ,  Uganda ,  Uganda General Election 2016 ,  Uganda Premier League ,  Zambia Leave a comment on My letter to Hon. Nsereko on recent outburst on NBS towards the Jobless Brotherhood! 
 Letter: "Re: City Hall Cr. Case 767/14: Uganda v. Norman Tumuhimbise & ANDR (26.05.2016) 
 Share this: 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Author   nilspeace Posted on  May 31, 2016May 31, 2016 Categories  Africa ,  Civil Service ,  Development ,  Election ,  Ethics ,  Governance ,  Government ,  Law ,  Leadership ,  Politics Tags  Bart Katureebe ,  Beatrice Khaniza ,  Chief Justice Bart Katureebe ,  H. E. Yoweri Kaguta Museveni ,  H.E. Yoweri Museveni ,  Isaac K. Ssemakadde ,  Jobless ,  Jobless Brotherhood ,  Lt. Gen. Yoweri Kaguta Museveni. ,  M-Pigs ,  M-Pigs Activist ,  National Resistance Movement ,  Norman Liberty Tumuhubise ,  Norman Thumuhimbise ,  Norman Tumuhimbise ,  NRM ,  NRM Regime ,  President Museveni ,  Robert Manyanja ,  The Jobless Brotherhood ,  Uganda Court Reporters Association ,  Uganda Law Society ,  ULS ,  Yellow Pigs ,  Yoweri Kaguta Museveni ,  Yoweri Museveni Leave a comment on Letter: "Re: City Hall Cr. Case 767/14: Uganda v. Norman Tumuhimbise & ANDR (26.05.2016) 
 Good News: Christoper Aine Come’s Back from the "dead”; but the question remains - What did really happen? 
 I have written about this before, since there was no clarity of what happened after the Election Violence between NRM Supporters and Go-Forward Supporters in the Ntungamo clashes.  That was on the 13th December there with NRM People and Regional Commander involved in the sponsoring of the violence,;therefore the Don Museveni said the famous words of never playing with the  Leopards Anus . The Go Forward camp got detained and the NRM supporters got facilitated with monies for their hurt; because the only Ugandans that matters is the ones that follows the vision of the Don. 
 The Good News: 
 _" Christopher Aine, Amama Mbabazi's security aide has resurfaced alive and well, four months after he reportedly went missing. Aine has handed himself over to government, according to Gen. Salim Saleh. A soft spoken Aine says he spent the last four months hiding in Tanzania. At the height of Aine's disappearance, his family accused police of being in possession of their relative. Social media was later awash with a photo purported to be Aine's body. During the entire time of his 'disappearance', police maintained it was not in possession of the aide who was reportedly picked up by police in December_” (NBS TV Uganda, 07.04.2016). 
 Before all of this, the Inspectorate General of the Police Kayihura took out Cash Reward for telling where he was on the new-years. That was necessary skeptical about since it seemed so strange from the Police Force and the amount of detaining the opposition.  Especially since this kind of thing happens the detaining family members for questioning the authorities for his whereabouts. That former Police Intelligence worker and now Political Analyst Charles Rwomusushana for posting a picture on social media get detained and questioned at Special Investigation Unit at Kireka. That Norman Tumuhimbise of the Jobless Brotherhood who went looking in the missing person in Nakaseke District without look; and second person to offer reward for finding the man.  So with all of these actions while nobody coming up front with great details. And the Police through CP Fred Enaga claiming this and that do not secure the family. While later the Police Slamming the Family of Aine to create drama about his status. That while the son still not-knowing the whereabouts. 
 So the picture of a seemingly dead man makes a person suspicious when it comes to a Police Force who shots journalist and detain opposition without trials or court verdicts, henceforth the initial thoughts went to he was dead. The assumption should not be weird knowing the violence from the Police Force and the Army in the Pre-Election Period. 
 On 11 th January 2016 I wrote this one the case: 
 “The starting spin-control in the end of December 2015; show’s a man like me that they know more then what they are telling the public. So we can question what is happening, I don’t have the answers, it just don’t add up. The Police know more then what they release, the Go-Forward team comments are direct, and the family of Aine has been upfront from the get-go since it their son and family member. They are the only ones in this who has been totally truthful and saying how they feel. Something they are entitled to and they should be the first ones to gain information on the matter”  (Minbane, 11.01.2016). 
 We had the right to question what happen and what we’re the truth, as the Authorities and the Go-Forward Group tried to either deflect or attack each other, while the family and Civil Society Organization, together with Political activist went in to try to find answers. 
 Even with him surfacing today, there is many unanswered questions where was he really? Who has supported him while being gone? Why did the Police detain his family member, Rwomusushana and Tumuhimbise? Because there must be reasons for the issues the Government had with them trying to find out his whereabouts and question the Police in their search for him. The supposed death and the intelligence if the government had it; could have issued something else then the Spin-Control that was done during the month of January in 2016. 
 It’s good news that has surfaced in the home of Gen. Salim Selah, brother of Mzee, the former General of Intelligence. That the military man sheds light on the giant question that has been in public during the Pre-Election Period and the worry of the Go Forward Security Officer.  There were many reasons for this, as the violence from the government could be put in question and the militarized politics that the President Museveni stands for. 
 When the truth get shed light on and when we can see who coined the most for his disappearance and the agreements for hiding him. Then we will truly know the truth behind it, because parts of the disappearance are still in the dark and the play it did on the Hon. Amama Mbabazi campaign. Also what did President Museveni have done when it comes to the disappearance as well, because the NRM regime could have done a lot and shed light on matter; but that didn’t happen at all! 
 So the story will continue to unfold and many questions remain,  where was Christopher Aine during the Pre-Election Period, and why did he surface today?   Peace. 
 Share this: 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Author   nilspeace Posted on  April 7, 2016April 7, 2016 Categories  Africa ,  Civil Service ,  Development ,  Election ,  Ethics ,  Governance ,  Government ,  Law ,  Leadership ,  Politics Tags  2016 General Election ,  2016 General Election Uganda ,  2016 Presidential Election ,  Amama Mbabazi ,  Amama Mbabazi Security Team ,  Charles Rwomushana ,  Christopher Aine ,  CP Fred Enaga ,  Edward Kale Kayihura ,  Fred Enaga ,  Gen. Kale Kayihura ,  Gen. Salim Selah ,  Go-Forward ,  Go-Forward Group ,  Go-Forward TDA ,  GoU ,  Government of Uganda ,  H. E. Yoweri Kaguta Museveni ,  H.E. Yoweri Museveni ,  Hon. Amama Mbabazi ,  IGP Gen Kale Kayihura ,  IGP Kale Kayihura ,  Jobless Brotherhood ,  John Patrick Amama Mbabazi ,  Kale Kayihura ,  KIreka SIU ,  Kireka Special Investigations Department ,  Leopards Anus ,  Lt. Gen. Yoweri Kaguta Museveni. ,  Nakaseke District ,  National Resistance Movement ,  Norman Tumuhimbise ,  NRM ,  Ntungamo ,  Ntungamo Clashes ,  Ntungamo Muncipality ,  President Museveni ,  Salim Selah ,  SiU Kireka ,  Special Investigation Department ,  Special Investigation Unit ,  TDA ,  TDA U ,  TDA Uganda ,  The Democratic Alliance ,  The Democratic Alliance Uganda ,  The Jobless Brotherhood ,  Uganda ,  Uganda General Election 2016 ,  Uganda People Defence Force ,  Uganda Peoples Defence Force ,  Uganda Peoples Defense Force ,  Uganda Police Force ,  Uganda Presidential Election 2016 ,  UPDF ,  UPF ,  Yoweri Kaguta Museveni ,  Yoweri Museveni Leave a comment on Good News: Christoper Aine Come’s Back from the "dead”; but the question remains - What did really happen? 
 Jobless Brotherhood Leader Arrested: Norman Tumuhimbise picked from home by security (Youtube-Clip) 
 _" Norman Tumuhimbise one of the leaders of the political pressure group Jobless Brotherhood has been taken into Police custody following yesterday’s incident at State House Nakasero when a Piglet was dropped in protest at the Electoral Commission’s handling of Feb. 18th Presidential and Parliamentary Elections. _Tumuhimbise was picked up from his home Kasubi today morning by security operatives. His wife who preferred that we protect her identify spoke to Reporters who arrived shortly after her husband had been bundled into a car and whisked away" (WBS TV, 02.03.2016). 
 Share this: 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Author   nilspeace Posted on  March 2, 2016March 2, 2016 Categories  Africa ,  Business ,  Civil Service ,  Development ,  Election ,  Ethics ,  Governance ,  Government ,  Law ,  Leadership ,  Politics Tags  2016 General Election ,  2016 General Election Uganda ,  2016 Presidential Election ,  Civil Society Organization ,  CSO ,  Demonstration ,  East Africa ,  Edward Kale Kayihura ,  Gen. Kale Kayihura ,  GoU ,  Government of Uganda ,  IGP Gen Kale Kayihura ,  IGP Kale Kayihura ,  Jobless ,  Jobless Brotherhood ,  Kale Kayihura ,  Kampala ,  Kasubi ,  M-Pigs Activist ,  NGO ,  Non Government Organization ,  Non-Governmental Organization ,  Norman Thumuhimbise ,  Presidential and Parliamentary Election ,  State House ,  State House Nakasero ,  The Jobless Brotherhood ,  Uganda ,  Uganda Police Force ,  Uganda Presidential Election 2016 ,  UPF ,  UPF SFC ,  UPF Special Forces Command ,  Yellow Pigs Leave a comment on Jobless Brotherhood Leader Arrested: Norman Tumuhimbise picked from home by security (Youtube-Clip) 
 The Jobless Brotherhood statement on the Yellow Pig outside the State House (29.02.2016) 
 Share this: 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Author   nilspeace Posted on  February 29, 2016February 29, 2016 Format  Image Categories  Africa ,  Business ,  Civil Service ,  Development ,  Election ,  Ethics ,  Governance ,  Government ,  Law ,  Leadership ,  Politics Tags  2016 General Election ,  2016 General Election Uganda ,  Badru Kiggundu ,  Dr Badru Kiggundu ,  Dr Badru M. Kiggundu ,  EC ,  EC Uganda ,  Eng. Dr. Badru M. Kiggundu ,  H. E. Yoweri Kaguta Museveni ,  H.E. Yoweri Museveni ,  IEC ,  IEC Uganda ,  Independent Electoral Commission ,  Independent Electoral Commission Uganda ,  Jobless Brotherhood ,  Lt. Gen. Yoweri Kaguta Museveni. ,  National Resistance Movement ,  Norman Thumuhimbise ,  NRM ,  President Museveni ,  The Electoral Commission ,  The Electoral Commission of Uganda ,  The Jobless Brotherhood ,  Uganda General Election 2016 ,  Unemployment ,  Youth Unemployment ,  Yoweri Kaguta Museveni ,  Yoweri Museveni Leave a comment on The Jobless Brotherhood statement on the Yellow Pig outside the State House (29.02.2016) 
 Election Timeline in Uganda: From 1st September to 19th November 2015 
 Analysis of elections so far in Uganda: 
I will go back to 2 and a half months will follow it chronically, to prove how it all has gone. That means I start on the 1st September till to today, to prove that I will not continuation of the Presidential Rallies, I will address them in the future if there are actions or quotes that are need for follow up. Because now it’s going into the stage that the follow up feels like a rewind of what that has happen yesterday instead of bringing the news. Because what I does now will be to set the last around 80 days in perspective and prove the value of the changes on the ground. 
 This here is kind of a follow-up of this one: 
 Uganda President Yoweri Kaguta Museveni Campaign of Fear for 2016 Presidential Election 
 This here piece is more of a timeline and not on the actual words expressed; this here is about the actions of the NRM-Regime against opposition parties and also against their own during these months. 
 So we all can get a feel on the aspects and perspective of it all, instead of following the campaign trails, instead of thinking and analyzing the events and acts of the people who makes this election and polls matter. 
 On the 1st September in Mbabara there were three men in Team Amama Mbabazi getting detained for wearing Amama Mbabazi T-Shirt. The Police did that day claim that they were staging an illegal procession in town. Second claim was the political activist was stealing from the Centenary Bank. 
 In Kampala the 1st September Norman Tumuhimbise of the Jobless Brotherhood was kicked out his own home, because the landlord couldn’t stand how the police was detaining him and wanted peace, therefore the activist lost his home for working for a better Uganda. 
 2nd September Amanya Mugesha said this:  “You are taking me back to my first answer. I don’t believe in saviors, I have seen it…there are things you will do by leading others…by advising your successors than leaving the grave to advise them…it’s not a question of defeating Museveni, it’s about if you are to be in power, what organisation is likely to lift Ugandans out of this situation. Is the priority strong leaders or strong institutions? But I have told you that the graves are full of indispensable leader  ”. This was the way he was talking about Dr. Kizza Besigye right before the decision on who’s supposed to become the FDC Flag-Bearer for the general election at the FDC Conference the same day. 
 4th September Gilbert Bukenya returns his nomination forms for becoming TDA Joint-Presidential Flag-Bearer and in his press release writes:  “They are handed money in bags instead of teaching them to look for their own money. These sharks don’t want to teach the poor “to fish”but want to give them fish making them beggars. This must change” . He surely changed his mind. We will come back to that. 
 Other actions that happen on the 4th of September, Dr. Aggrey Kiyingi wanted to pick forms to be nominated as a presidential aspirant, but the Electoral Commission could not confirm him as a Ugandan National, therefore he could not get a form for the EC. And his aide Frank Bulira was apprehended in his own home before going to offices of Electoral Commission. 
 5th September Dr. Tanga Odoi the chairman of the National Resistance Movement Electoral Commission postponed the internal election to the 10th of September. 
 8th September after protesting the land-grabbing in Amuru District; the protest is for the sale of Apaa village that gave way to the imprisonment of Member of Parliament Gilbert Olanya. Also 3 people in the village killed and a group of people seeking treatment at the Amuru Health Center. 
 9th September in Soroti where Amama Mbabazi we’re he was to have a consultation meeting in town. He had filled in the letters and forms to the Electoral Commission and UPF to hold a meeting.  The UPF still showed up and harassed the public and threw tear-gas into the venue. 
 10th September in Jinja where the David Kyasanku; the town clerk in town, at the last minute dismissed the venue for the consultation meeting. The UPF had used the venues the last two days before and the town clerk was afraid of losing money to rent it for political use.  So when the Team Amama Mbabazi tried to have his consultation meeting it got wild and even more tear-gas then in Soroti the day before. 
 12th September PM Dr. Ruhakana Rugunda stated this: “We have today learnt, with great sadness, of the sudden death of Hon Gen. Aronda Nyakairima, the Minister of Internal Affairs. General Aronda Nyakairima was returning from South Korea, on official duties, transiting through Dubai. The cause of his death is not yet known. His family has been informed. Government has set up a task force, led by Defence Minister, Hon Dr Crispus Kiyonga, to coordinate all matters relating to this tragedy”. 
 The same day on the 12th of September Amama Mbabazi went into the Opposition alliance and at the same time delivering a form for the spot of Joint Presidential Candidate for the TDA. 
 14th September IGP Kale Kayihura address the tear-gas events recently this way:  “Don’t blame the police (for firing tear gas and live bullets at Mr Mbabazi’s supporters). Blame Mbabazi who organized and held illegal rallies in a market and near the schools. Don’t blame the consequences, blame the cause”. 
 16th September the FDC Youth Forum wanted to part ways with the TDA because of Amama Mbabazi inclusion to the Opposition Alliance. 
 17th September the NRM Poor Youth stated: “  If TDA summit consider Col Besigye Its presidential candidate, NRM POOR YOUTH FORUM will request Hon Amama Mbabazi to contest on Go Forward Ticket”. 
 20th September, Dr. Tanga Odoi verifies the Presidential Nomination form for Yoweri Kaguta Museveni as the NRM Flag-Bearer. 
 24th September the TDA had not been able to pick either Amama Mbabazi or Dr. Kizza Besigye as joint candidate. This because:  “CP and FDC have endorsed the candidature of Col (Rtd) Dr. Kizza Besigye; while DP, Go-Forward Pro-Change, PPP, UFA, and UPC have endorsed the candidature of Rt Hon Amama Mbabazi”. 
 25th September the Parliament will read the new Election laws in the country. These we’re the Presidential Elections (Amendments) Bill 2015, Parliamentary Elections (Amendments) Bill 2015 and the Electoral Commission (Amendment) Bill 2015. These laws went through the Parliament and had their first reading. 
 25th September, Amama Mbabazi said this: “Members of The Democratic Alliance: I accept your nomination.” (…)”To my fellow candidates Mr. Norbert Mao and Professor Gilbert Bukenya – I salute your sense of duty and your willingness to put our country first. I look forward to working with you, for it is your help I want and your help I seek; and our cooperation that our country desires and deserves. I am certain that the doors of cooperation are still open to Dr. Kizza Besigye of the FDC. Let us leave the quarrels of the past behind in favour of unity”. 
 25th September resent in the FDC send a letter to the Electoral Commission to seek time for a new nomination date for their Presidential Flag-Bearer Dr. Kizza Besiyge. 
 29th September three FDC members were arrested for demonstrating against the new Electoral Reforms. The persons we’re Mubarak Munyagwa the Mayor of Kawempe, Nasurdin Basalirwa the FDC Youth Chairman for Kampala and Hamidah Nalongo Nassimbwa the VC of FDC Woman’s League in Central Region. 
 29th September the NRM Electoral Commission and Dr. Tanga Odoi postponed the Internal Elections again; this time to 5th and 6th October. 
 2nd October the Parliament passed the new Electoral laws that was set for reading in Parliament at the 25th September. 
 2nd October the Electoral Commission has moved the dates in the Election Road map for 2016. The Electoral Commission has set new dates and the nomination days for Presidential Nomination are set for 3rd and 4th November. This happen the same day as the new laws that was passed in Parliament. 
 9th October Gilbert Bukenya does a U-Turn and get back into the fold of the NRM after being not seen as qualified enough to be TDA Joint Presidential Candidate and will now support yet again YKM in his race for 2016. 
 10th October the Police stopped the FDC convoy going for consultation meeting in Rukungiri. The Police was heavy deployed in the town and scattered. Even with the cars destroyed and FDC people of Rukungiri jailed. Wasn’t the worst of the Police actions they undressed a female activist during the raids on the convoy. They ended in the Lyantonde Prision until local FDC members got a whined off the leadership of the FDC. 
 11th October FDC members who freed the other men from prison the day before had to go to jail. These people where the FDC chairman in town Yusuf Matovu, oman’s secretary of town Yudaya Naiga and Chairman of the Town-Council Richard Kayondo. 
 13th October first reports from the NRM Primaries. In Ngarama the reactions between two candidates led to the police shooting with rubber bullets. In Sembabule the NRM Party Office got burned down. In Kyannamukaaka in Masaka District they burned Membership Cards in anger after election rigging. In Isingiro at the NRM Party Office they we’re burning documents from the Election of 2011. 
 Also on the 13th October Bank of Uganda took over the management of Imperial Bank Uganda Limited. 
 14th October there was the first reading in Parliament over the Public Finance Management (Amendment) Bill of 2015. This bill if passed gives the Government to take out short-term-loans without permission of the Parliament. 
 14th October the FDC members was in prison overnight in Lyantonde, this is the FDC members who helped their other FDC leaders out of prison were in court after their weekends actions. They all got free after paying bail to the magistrate. 
 14th October in a famous home in Wakiso on the outside of Kampala where Dr. Kizza Besigye lives; the police decided to do a preventative arrest of the FDC leader . He and other FDC leaders were supposed to go to the Western-Uganda for consultation meetings. 
 15th October both Dr. Kizza Besigye and Ibrahim Nganda Ssemujja got both arrested and house arrest that day. They both we’re driven in between police stations in Kampala. While they we’re jailed in Kampala there was FDC members in Jinja who was supposed to be a part of consultation meeting in town. T  hat led to the FDC leader of Jinja and other scores of people was hurt by the shootings of the Police in Jinja town that today. 
 18th October IGP Kale Kayihura told the world this: 
 “We are advising that you propose postpone program. Give Police notice! As required by the law. Within the law and ensure the party presidential aspirant, Dr. Kizza Besigye precide, conduct himself in line with the Presidential Elections Act Section 3 as well as the Elections Road Map and Guidelines as an Presidential Aspirant given by the Electoral Commission”. 
 20th October CP Fred Enanga said this: 
 “We are already aware of broths and conspiracies, but we are committing to promote rule of law, peace and stability. We want to warn this unpatriotic Ugandans that which mix politics with our nations security. That such anarchy an act of recklessness, by suffocating the media and the public with falsehoods will actually be failed their political mileage. You cannot achieve any political mileage by triggering violence and chaos” . 
 21st October in Bugiri there was set up metal trenches or teeth on the road. FDC opened their new Mobilization office in town. The Police was in the town and even in some Police was a part of the meeting of the new office in Bugiri. They we’re in town with heavy weaponry shielding the venue. In Tororo the police followed the procession to the consultation meeting of the FDC. They opened the roadblocks so that FDC could have the meeting in Tororo. 
 22nd October the FDC member Muhamad Ssegiringya was released on bond. He was one of the demonstrators against the digitalization of TVs, if you remember the demonstration with the Youth with TVs on their heads? 
 22nd October the Human Rights Activist Allan Kitonsa Ssava was released on bond the day and said: “I was arrested and charged armed robbery as I was found speaking to the youth of Namutumba district”. 
 24th October Amama Mbabazi stated: 
“I will not be attending the NRM delegates conference slated for October 30th. Instead I will be focused on preparing for my nomination” (…)”  I encourage all supporters of Go Forward to remain patient and calm as our team prepares us for nomination. I am truly looking forward to launching the campaign, and engaging voters across the country” . 
 26th October there was again discussion and negotiation between Amama Mbabazi and Dr. Kizza Besigye this time in London together with the Kofi Annan Foundation. 
 26th October the NRM EC postponed the Party Primary to the 27th October. 
 In the NRM Primaries in 26th October in Ngoma Sub County a business man trying to bribe voters was jailed. In Kirahura the main candidate lost his life during a car accident and it got postponed. In Sembabule in the town of Mwogola, there was shootings and teargas in town. In Kinkiizi East one of the candidates had a car accident in the car they found pre-ticket ballots. In Kasese an MP was caught with trying to bribe votes and his car got impounded. In Mbale 32 people was jailed for planning to disrupt the voting in Bungokho South. 
 27th October in the NRM Primaries the ballot-boxes was already filled before voting started in Ajuri District. In Adjumani an MP was having a mobilization team to bribe voters in the district. In Bukedea there was 7 people arrested for election violence. Rubanda West a candidate was found with 16,000 pre-ticket ballot-papers and therefore the election was postponed. In Iganga NRM members was disappointed that they started to burn their membership cards. In Isingiro North there was found boxes with pre-ticket ballots and a candidate got caught in the market trying to buy votes. In Kabarole the journalist was not allowed to follow the elections. Lwengo a dozen candidates was caught with pre-ticket ballot-papers. In Kumi there had escalated into violence. In Ntungamo there was a candidate who was found with a 1000 fake membership cards and ballot-papers pre-ticket. In Busia there was found at one candidates place pre-ticket ballot-papers. In Kiyandongo the NRM Flag-Bearer are detained and charged for election rigging. 
 28th October there was held more NRM Primaries and at the Bbale Police Station the incumbent Sulaiman Madada got detained yesterday for attempting to run away with the declaration form. In Mbabara because of election rigging  “the DPC says up to 50 suspects were arrested in a swoop, from which the ringleaders will be singled out and charged” . 
 29th October the NRM Primaries continues and in Burashya district in Kabarole the Police had to intervene because of the different supporters was fighting after the results came in. There was so much violence that the bridge of Katanda broke down. In Kanungu there were more Special Forces and police voting then ordinary voters. In Ruhinda county Captain Mugabe Domonzio Kahonda who won over Gen. Otafiire in the Primaries in the district has finally been released, but, there is a big but! He has to meet before Jinja High Court tomorrow! 
 31st October the NRM Primaries and in Abletong reports were saying: “  When time came for collecting polling materials and results, the police and the soldiers did not allow us to go to the polling stations. Soldiers were using the vehicles belonging to the District Internal Security Officer, OC station and that of the town council,”  Mr Owino told Daily Monitor”. In Amudat many NRM members burned their NRM membership cards. In Kibaale where the reports were: “Police fired tear gas at National Resistance Movement party supporters in Kisiita sub-county, Kibaale district who were protesting results of the recent primaries”. The same day, Enoch Matovu, a correspondent for a local television, NTV, in Mityana District was reportedly shot on the head while covering an incident of vote rigging during the NRM party elections at Bulera police station in Mityana district. He sustained a bullet injury on his head. 
 31st October the Lord Mayor of Kampala Erias Lukwago arrested and is detained in Maganjo Police Station. 
 1st November there Uganda Police Force and IGP Kale Kayihura was claiming that they only knew about the NRM Presidential Nomination rally at Kololo and FDC rally at Nakivubo Stadium, but not the Go-Forward rally for Amama Mbabazi the same day as NRM at Kololo. Even though it later appeared that the NRM had sent in the letter late to Electoral Commission compared to the Public Order Management Bill, while Go-Forward had followed the instructions in time. The Police had to later go back on their words and said that received the letters from Go-Forward after all. 
 2nd November Beatrice Anywar deflected from FDC to Go-Forward. 
 3rd November the first day of Nomination started with Yoweri Kaguta Museveni of NRM in Kololo and later in the day Amama Mbabazi of the Go-Forward. Professor Venasius Baryamureeba also started his presidential campaign. One of candidates who have now returned his Presidential candidacy is Nasser Ntege Ssebaggala the former Mayor of Kampala. 
 4th November the second day of Nominations. Adam Bwainka of the People’s Development Party arrived at Namboole for the nominations today on a boda-boda. He has said this today: “If we are going to turn around our Economy. We must be firm on our Education”. But the day wasn’t about him. “The Blue siege of the city, the energy of our young people! We have a sacred duty to engage our youths to build a stronger prosperous Uganda” – Asuman Kiyingi.  The town and nominations was about FDC and its Flag-bearer Dr. Kizza Besigye. Who made Kampala go into a shutdown;  other candidates we’re who wanted to be nominated was Joseph Mabirizi of The Independent Coalition. The only female Presidential Aspirant Maureen Faith Kyala was first turned away not accepted, but arrived later at the same time as the other TIC candidate was then verified. Maj. Gen. Ben Biiaro of the Farmers Party came 5 minutes before the deadline to get his nomination verified. The Electoral Commission started and scrutinized the nomination papers of his. After a while Dr. Kiggundu stamped and appends the papers. This means that he became the 8th candidate in the Presidential race for February 2016. 
 On the 4th November - Official from the Electoral Commission:  “BREAKING: Uganda Electoral Commission sets February, 18, 2016 as polling day for president and MPs”. 
 5th November in Mubende after the NRM Primaries the supporters of one candidate protested. This led to the Police shooting and tear-gas to disperse the procession in the area. 
 7th November on that day, the minister for Presidency and KCCA, Hon. Frank K Tumwebaze has handed over nine brand new Isuzu double cabin pickup trucks to the RDCs of Karamoja and Rwenzori regions.The vehicles valued at 145m each were handed over to the RDCs of Abim, Napak, Moroto, Nakapiripirit, Kaboong, Amudat, Kotido, Kamwenge and Kasese districts at a function graced by the Secretary, Office of The President, Ms. Deborah Katuramu and the media. More on the NRM Primaries: “Junior minister for Lands Idah Nantaba has been flown to Aga Khan Hospital in Nairobi for specialized treatment after police subdued her with pepper spray following a confrontation at Kayunga Police Station in the chaotic NRM primaries”. 
 Also on the 7th November the UPF reported: Minister of state for Internal affairs, Honorable James Boliba Baba has today launched twenty seven (27) regional Joint security Operation Centers with the aim of further enhancing crime reduction & management at a regional level. These centers will work hand in hand with the security teams within the districts. The regional centers will also work very closely with the Joint Operations Command center at the national level. The function took place at police headquarters & was attended by representatives from UPDF, UPF, UPS, ESO,ISO, DPP. All regional Police commanders were in attendance. The launch was also attended by Mr Stephen Kagoda, the P.S Ministry of Internal affairs”. 
 9th November the NRM had a plan:  “The NRM is now on the move to Neutralize ‪#‎Goforward Msge saying they are the ones going forward and in effect it resonates with the No Change Slogan” . Muhamad Kikomeko who is a support of the Amama Mbabazi escapes death in Sembabule, a group attacked his car and burned his car. 
 9th November reports was saying:  “A well-placed source at the Ministry of Finance has told Watchdog that President Museveni ordered the Ministry to arrange for him Shs500 billion. The source suspects the money is meant to fund Museveni’s campaign”.  The chief made the remarks while speaking to residents at his home in Guru-guru village Lamogi Sub-county, Amuru District, while receiving a new Pajero donated to him by Mr Museveni on Friday. n Kabale there has been a Radio Panelist who first escaped from arrest after orders from the Resident District Commissioner Darius Naninda who tried to catch the Anti-Corruption Activist who was taking part of a show on the Kabala Freedom Radio (Mughisa, 2015). Later is seen that he has a warrant on inciting violence. The Southern Africa Litigation Centre (SALC) is deeply concerned about the safety of Ugandan refugees Musa Isabirye and Timothy Yamin who were deported to Uganda by Botswana Government last week. They have previously been active in opposition politics in Uganda and could face persecution, imprisonment or torture there. Professor Venasius Baryamureeba after day will suspend his campaign because of weak campaign security provided by the Electoral Commission and the Government. 
 10th November the Police gave the public some words on the their tear-gas: “  The Deputy Spokesman Polly Namaye: “The Police Policy is to ensure as little engagement with the public terms of crowd control. We will only use means such as tear gas where absolutely necessary”  (…)  ”The decision, according to the source, could also informed by the fact that the force wants to avoid using expired stock” . Even Amama Mbabazi supporters are currently detained at Namataba Police Station. Go Forward’s PRO Mayanja Nkangi says they have been told those in police custody committed the offence of ‘driving a car with machines’. Five Journalists and photographers who were covering President Museveni rallies in Nakaseke and Nakasongola were arrested and detained. They were forced to delete all there photos and videos. 
 11th November At around 2.00am this morning, 11th November 2015, TIC Presidential Candidate Elton Joseph Mabirizi heard a knock on his hotel room. When he asked who it was, the assailant said : “I am your bodyguard”. So he opened. It turned out that it was not his bodyguard but two strange men. So there been reports that Presidential Mabirizi were abducted and kidnaped. n Kijabijo (Gayaza Karagi Road). The community says «they need power back». They have spent 4 months since the transformer was taken by UMEME. So they have put fires into the main roads as a demonstration against the government and UMEME for taking away electricity. 
 12th November because of the road quality Yoweri Kaguta Museveni in Abletong he drove with Personal Armored Carriers in the area to get to the venue in Abletong to have his rally! He needed the Army vehicles to get around and he has been in charge since 1986. 
 13th November this happen: Museveni expels NTV from his media team after what he called unbalanced reporting on him. As per now, NTV journalists are being escorted back to Kampala by soldiers of the Special Forces Command. Daily monitor was also warned of a possible closure should their reporting continue to ‘favor’ the opposition ‘against’ Mr. Museveni. In Mbrarara: “  About 200 angry supporters of the ruling National Resistance Movement in Mbarara district this morning denounced the party and proclaimed support for the Forum for Democratic Change”.  In Masaka:  “More NRM party members, including councillors from Masaka sub-region, have defected to the Go-Forward camp, declaring their support for Mr Amama Mbabazi’s presidential bid”. 
 14th November this happen with UPC members that day:  ” Over a 1000 former supporters of UPC and FDC crossed over to the NRM and were introduced to the Chairman of NRM, President Museveni, by the Vice Chairman of NRM for Northern, Hon. Sam Engola”. 
 14th November the rumor of a deal between Jimmy Akena the President of UPC and Yoweri Kaguta Museveni the incumbent President of the Country was surfacing. 
 15th November the Police had to say to the public that the Nominations for Lord Mayor of Kampala should not storm the Electoral Commission the next day. 
 1  6th November the Police detained Lord Mayor of Kampala Erias Lukwago after sieging his house where they shot the journalist and TV Reporter Enock Kugonza.  Also Councilor Mariam Kizito was detained at the same time. The public around the house of Lukwago was also hurt. 
 16th November two persons of Sauti ya Vijana became impersonated for petitioned the ruling leader to go away from power and let somebody else run their country. 
 16th November before the Amama Mbabazi rally in Hoima the Police had to scatter the public with tear-gas; they just can’t help themselves. In Rubanda this was reported:  “Police arrest 20 youth with sticks in 2 vehicles moving towards Rubanda, Kabale. This happens as the NRM Primaries is underway” . 
 17th November in Kaiiro where the NRM Primaries we’re held 5 Supporters was taken into custody after inciting violence, they found pangas and spears. There was a cabinet reshuffle after orders from the Yoweri Kaguta Museveni: “ 
Mr. Kirunda Kivejinja – Rt. Hon. 3rd Deputy Prime Minister and Minister of East African Affairs; Madame Rose Akol – Minister of Internal Affairs; Mr. Werikhe Kafabusa – Minister of State for Industry. 
 18th November for the independent Candidate Maureen Faith Kyala statement: “I am shocked with what I am discovering during my presidential campaign trail. How did we Ugandans; become slaves in our own land? E.g, I found the people of Lyirimbi in Bugiri district being enslaved by Chinese "investors" who had come to do the Musta-Namayingo road, with alleged permission to destroy our natural forest reserves and tourist hills of Lyirimbi”. Alert: “We have been reliably informed that 3 of our FDC youth leaders were kidnaped from Mbarara and transfered to the notorious police in Kireka in a Kampala suburb, there are accurate information that points to them being tortured! Kireka is a renown military torture chamber. Among the kidnapped include Mr. Mayanja Micheal, he was part of Dr. Besigyes Security team during FDC flagbearer campaigns and also on nomination day, he earns a living as a commuter driver, Mr. Yasin Mastiko from Ruti a Mbarara suburb on Mbarara-Kabale road , he is self employed and Mr. Bampagyi ,a Boda-boda operator( motor cyclist) in Mbarara Municipality”. 
 19th November the UPC Woman MP for UPC Joy Ruth Aceng told the crowds that day:  “That Mbabazi called northerners monkeys and as such her party has decided to join Museveni in the elections”.  At the rallies of FDC Dr. Kizza Besigye at Butebo in Paliisa district the we’re given scores of NRM membership cards to show that they we’re tired of the ruling party. Police commanded by Siraje Bakaleke has barricaded the road to the returning officer's office, only few vehicles allowed. Lukwago supporters have had to fight Police to make way to the nomination venue. Lord Mayor of Kampala Erias Lukwago we’re able to be nominated for the race for mayor again in the capital. Since the KCCA Act Amendments got shelved for the moment of time. Uganda People’s Congress (UPC) President Jimmy Akena’s declaration supporting an alliance with the ruling NRM has touched off a rebellion in his party. There will be demonstration from different wings of the UPC next Wednesday. Paul Kato of Hoima was arrested as well. He is the Hoima District Registrar and was charged with theft at the Hoima Magistrate Court. The alleged crime we’re that he took the 10 Million Shillings meant to be paid to the Police officers. Because of this the Election results will be delivered by Deputy Registrar Maureen Businge. 
 Aftermath: 
That sets things in perspective doesn’t it? Doesn’t it give you a feeling how the police and government has been working. How the political shifts is happening. And this is just in two and half month time; not the whole 2015. This is the kind of thing the Monitor or Chimpreport doesn’t deliver. Because the big picture and time proves how the movements are.  We can see UPC and NRM has moved together and made the UPC/Akena and UPC/Otunnu is proving to surface.  Also the DP has moved strongly with Go-Forward. Lukwago has more trouble. The Electoral Commission is proved to be a tool of the ministries and not following laws, but following instructions from the NRM-Regime. It proves it is not a independent body to check and balance the electoral process. 
 The NRM Primaries has proven how little structure the ruling party has and inefficiency of their ways. The constant rigging and ballot-paper malfunctions. The general basis of leaders and incumbent jailed.  Supporters shot at and use of tear-gas.  There are so many words who can describe the recent events; Also the Police interaction in the election and also internal polling stations. We can also see how the journalist and media people who has been shot and dismissed. Had to delete material, been told off and also sent away with Special Forces Unit.  The way the opposition had a hard time to hold consultation meetings while the NRM regime could have giant meetings around the country. 
 The way the Police was telling at a set of time they knew nothing about the Go-Forward Nomination meeting in Kampala, and hours later the letters resurfaced. We have seen that Go-Forward and TDA has been in talks with FDC and Dr. Kizza Besigye; which shows maturity and negotiations between the parties, though they didn’t leave to anything of set value for the moment. There been movement and will be like that up-to 18th February 2016. More dirt will happen. Especially after the Papal visit; then we will see the true color of the Police and the NRM-Regime. Trust me.  Peace. 
 Share this: 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Author   nilspeace Posted on  November 20, 2015November 20, 2015 Categories  Africa ,  Army ,  Civil Service ,  Corruption ,  Crime ,  Development ,  Economic Measures ,  Economy ,  Election ,  Ethics ,  Governance ,  Government ,  Infrastructure ,  Law ,  Leadership ,  Politics Tags  2016 General Election ,  Abed Bwanika ,  Abim ,  Abletong ,  Adjumani ,  Adjumani District ,  Ajuri ,  Allan Kitonsa Ssava ,  allegations ,  Amama Mbabazi ,  Amanya Mugesha ,  Amudat ,  amuriat ,  Amuru ,  Amuru District ,  Apa Village ,  Apaa Parish ,  Bank of Uganda ,  Beatrice Anywar ,  BOU ,  Bulera Police Station ,  Bungokho North ,  Busia ,  Campaign Rallies ,  Captain Mugabe Domonzio Kahonda ,  Centenary Bank ,  Col. Dr. Kizza Besigye ,  Conservative Party ,  CP ,  CP Fred Enanga ,  Crispus Kiyonga ,  Darius Naninda ,  David Kyasanku ,  Deborah Katurami ,  Delta TV ,  Democratic Party Uganda ,  Deputy Registrar Maureen Businge. ,  District Police Commanders ,  DPC ,  DPP ,  Dr Badru Kiggundu ,  Dr Badru M. Kiggundu ,  Dr. Aggrey Kiyingi ,  Dr. Kizza Besigye ,  Dr. Olara Otunnu ,  Dr. Ruhakana Rugunda ,  Dr. Tanga Odoi ,  Dr. Warren Smith Kizza Besigye Kifefe ,  East Africa ,  Electoral Commission (Amendment) Bill 2015. ,  Electricity ,  Elton Joseph Mabirizi ,  Eng. Dr. Badru M. Kiggundu ,  Enoch Matovu ,  Enock Kugonza ,  ESO ,  Farmers Party of Uganda ,  Fatuma Zaina ,  FDC ,  FDC Rukungiri ,  FDC Youth Chairman for Kampala ,  FDC Youth Forum ,  Filled Ballot Boxes ,  Forum for Democratic Change ,  Frank Bulira ,  Frank Tumwebaze ,  Gayaza Karagi Road ,  Gen. Kale Kayihura ,  Gen. Mugisha Muntu ,  Gen. Otafiire ,  Gilbert Balibaseka Bukenya ,  Gilbert Bukenya ,  Gilbert Olanya ,  Go-Forward ,  Go-Forward Group ,  Government of Uganda ,  Greater Masaka ,  H. E. Yoweri Kaguta Museveni ,  Hamidah Nalongo Nassimbwa ,  Hoima ,  Hoima Magistrate Court ,  Hon Idah E Nantaba ,  Hon. Amama Mbabazi ,  Hon. Dr. Crispus Kiyonga ,  Hon. Dr. Ruhakana Rugunda ,  Hon. Frank Tumwebaze ,  Hon. Gen. Aronda Nyakairima ,  Hon. Ibrahim Nganda Ssemujju ,  Honorable James Boliba Baba ,  House-Arrest ,  Ibrahim Nganda Ssemujju ,  Idah Nantaba ,  IGP Kale Kayihura ,  Ilegeal Procession ,  Imperial Bank Uganda Limited ,  ISO ,  Jennifer Musisi ,  Jimmy Akena ,  Jinja ,  Jobless Brotherhood ,  John-Ken Lukyamuzi ,  Joint Operations Centers ,  Joseph Mabirizi ,  Kabala Freedom Radio ,  Kabarole ,  Kabarole District ,  Kaboong ,  Kahinda Otafiire ,  Kampala ,  Kampala Capital City Authority ,  Kampala Capital City Authoriy Act ,  Kamwenge ,  Kanungu ,  Kasese districts ,  Ken Lukyamuzi ,  Kijabijo ,  Kinkiizi West ,  Kinkizi West Constituency ,  Kiyandongo ,  Kofi Annan ,  Kofi Annan Foundation ,  Kotido ,  Kumi ,  Kyannamukaaka ,  Lamogi Sub-County ,  Landlord ,  London ,  Lord Mayor Erias Lukwago ,  Lyantonde ,  Lyantonde Police Station ,  Madame Rose Akol ,  Masaka ,  Masaka District ,  Maureen Faith Kyala ,  Maureen Faith Kyalya Waluumbe ,  Mayanja Nkangi ,  Mayor of Kawempe ,  Mbarara ,  Minister of East African Affairs ,  Minister of Internal Affairs ,  Minister of State for Industry ,  Mityana District ,  Moroto ,  Mr. Mayanja Micheal ,  Mr. Werikhe Kafabusa ,  Mubarak Munyagwa ,  Mugisha Muntu ,  Muhamad Kikomeko ,  Muhamad Ssegiringya ,  Musa Isabirye ,  Nakapiripirit ,  Nakivubo Stadium ,  Nakivubo War Memorial Stadium ,  Namataba Police Station ,  Napak ,  Nasurdin Basalirwa ,  National Resistance Movement ,  National Resistance Movement Central Executive Committee ,  National Resistance Movement Electoral Commission ,  Ngoma Sub County ,  Norbert Mao ,  Norman Thumuhimbise ,  NRM ,  NRM CEC ,  NRM EC ,  NRM Member Cards ,  NRM Membership Cards ,  NRM Poor Youth ,  NRM Primary Election ,  NRM-Primaries ,  Ntungamo ,  Ntungamo Sub Country ,  NTV ,  Nuwe Amanya Mugesha ,  Okello ,  Olara A. Otunnu ,  Olara Otunnu ,  PAC ,  Parliamentary Elections (Amendments) Bill 2015 ,  Paul Kato ,  PDP ,  People's Progressive Party ,  Personal Armored Carrier ,  PM Ruhakana Rugunda ,  Police Policy ,  Political Activist ,  Polly Namaye ,  POMA ,  PPP ,  Pre-Ticket ,  Pre-Ticket Ballot ,  Presidential Election 2016 Uganda ,  Presidential Elections (Amendments) Bill 2015 ,  Presidential Rallies ,  Preventative Arrests ,  Preventive Detention ,  Professor Baryamureeba ,  Professor Venasius Baryamureeba ,  Public Finance Management (Amendment) Bill of 2015. ,  Public Order Management Act ,  Public Order Management Bill ,  RDC ,  Regional District Commanders ,  Richard Kayondo ,  Rubanda West ,  Rukungiri ,  Rukungiri Police ,  SALC ,  Sam Engola ,  Sembabule ,  SFC ,  Soroti ,  South Korea ,  Special Forces Command ,  SSP Namaye Polly ,  Stephen Kagoda ,  Sulaiman Madada ,  Tanga Odoi ,  TDA ,  Team Amama Mbabazi 2016-2021 ,  Tear-Gas ,  The Democratic Alliance ,  The Democratic Alliance Uganda ,  The Independent Coalition ,  The Southern Africa Litigation Centre ,  TIC ,  Timothy Yamin ,  UFA ,  Uganda ,  Uganda Federal Alliance ,  Uganda General Election 2016 ,  Uganda Police Force ,  UMEME ,  UPC ,  UPDF ,  UPF ,  UPS ,  Yasin Matesiko ,  Yoweri Kaguta Museveni ,  Yudaya Naiga ,  Yusuf Matovu Leave a comment on Election Timeline in Uganda: From 1st September to 19th November 2015 
 Dismantling the Ten-Point Program 2015 Edition - Uganda 
 
 This is my 2.0. It’s a 2015 Edition. I wrote a piece that I use a long time on and the books I had read to fit into prove how the Government of Uganda and the NRM-Regime had failed their marquee program. Their famous Ten-Point Program. I wrote a piece that I posted in 2014 with what we can call little older and scattered information.  This here right now will be based on what has happen in 2015 and the situation right now economical and development that has happen in the recent year. The other one had far-far and old date material and reports. This here is fresh (for now) in two years’ time this here will also be old, but since this election season, I had to make regenerating this. Point by Point look that the situation and shortly discuss them. I know for the die-hard NRM and Musevenist. This is just pure hog-wash even if you can see the painting on the wall; you will still deflect the issues that are there. NRM-Regime has had the opportunity to make these changes and give Uganda and its citizens what it ought to have. What the opposition and civil society asks for and question the leadership; and regime about. Instead there are other reactions to this. But instead of me just writing small-talk let you read the findings. 
 
 Point 1: Restoration of Democracy: 
 The sole candidacy of YKM in the NRM proves that there are not democratic institutions YET; and the NRM Primaries have made Uganda famous for Pre-Ticket Ballot-Papers and stuffed ballot-boxes. Also with the sole candidates of Evelyn Anite and Sam Kutesa didn’t have competitors in their respectable voting districts these NRM primaries.  So if you want to restore Democracy and you still lives by the possibilities of having election which is rigged and have single candidates, then it’s not really an election, but a sad exercise of necessity and not to get the once who supposed to represent the members of the NRM-Party.  When the ruling party can’t act democratic and have free and fair elections, how can they make that happen in 2016? They still haven’t achieved this point. Proving this point that they haven’t achieved it is with the constantly detaining of opposition leaders and keeping them in house arrest, or even preventative arrests. Also using the POMA law to disorganize the Opposition parties and their campaigning while the UPF is steady on to destroy their work in the districts and fields. Throwing activists in jail without trial and letting them pay heavy bonds. T  his is not a look or proves that the system is still based on the NRM-Regime and their elite, even inner-party members has been jailed for supporting Amama Mbabazi instead of supporting Yoweri Museveni. 
 This point is not yet valid. 
 
 Point 2: Restoration of Security of all Persons in Uganda and their property 
 Reports today because a man supports wrong part of the NRM: 
 “Davis Akampurira lost his premolar tooth last night when he was beaten intensely after being kidnapped by "state operatives". The reason given was that the buffoons had gathered intelligence of him being funded by Amama Mbabazi to fight the state and son of Minister Bright Rwamirama….Mwinempaka. We who sent Davis has told him to come independent”  (Reported by Meta Moses, 02.11.2015). 
 The Fautima Zaina incident shows that the security of the people is not withhold in the country when the police manhandle her like they did.  Also the Way the police carries themselves with tear-gas and shootings during the Western rallies of the FDC in October. And this has been thread that has kept going the entire calendar of 2015 and sure will happen until the election in February of 2016. So the security personnel and police is not securing peace for the people, but making fuzz and generating violence because the Opposition parties try to do their program in the country. 
 We have the all of sudden Police detaining Norman Thumuhimbise of the Jobless Brotherhood when he was taken by the police in the night in Kampala by the Flying Squad, without any court order or official paperwork just suddenly taken in August and after a few days he returned after family requests for his release. 
 Another example is also  Vincent Kaggwa was taken by the Police in July this year and was released a few days later from an undisclosed location. He is one of the supporters of the Amama Mbabazi ticket at the time he was wearing a T-shirt with his name and face.  Apparently the NRM Youth Leader had done enough to be detained and taken away with no court order for no reason at the time and released a few days later. 
 When it comes to the property it has been issues with that this year. The government has not withheld the level of trust between land and persons. One of this is the Palm Oil Plantation on the Island of Kalangala Land used for that purpose and to for the local farmers. The others main issues is the Amuru land grab in Apaa Village where the land is taken for hunting grounds and sold without the local agreement from central government.  Also the Sugar Factory built by Kakira Sugar Works which is owned by the Madhvani Group who got allocation of 40, 000 hectares of land in the Western part of Amuru District. 
 This proves that in 2015 the security of all Ugandans is not yet there, especially if you’re not a part of the NRM-Regime or the NRM elite. Then you are free for all for the UPF and other organizations to take advantage of. Even NRM’s own can be taken and become felons because of their allegiance to somebody else than Museveni. 
 The land grabs proves that the property isn’t withhold to the people of the area, the bigness of the Kalangala and Amuru is massive, also with the government sale of land without consultation or consideration of the public and citizens, but seems that the only thing matters is the cash coming from corporations and investors from afar. 
 Another point that is also not valid. 
 
 Point 3: Consolidation of national unity and elimination of all sectarianism 
 Some historical background from the 1960: 
 “Britain 's goal in Uganda has been to establish a fully democratic parliamentary system which would fit the country for internal self-government in a short time. British Colonial Secretary Ian Macleod opened a new Legislative Council on Sept. 18, but the “parliament” was boycotted by Mutesa II, 34-year-old, Cambridge-educated Kabaka (king) of Buganda. Buganda has its own Lukiko (legislative council), which voted on Sept. 24 in favor of secession from Uganda. However, the Kabaka's court has not yet approved the vote. Because the Kabaka's government is by far the strongest political force in Uganda, it is in position to block development of a strong central government”  (…)”A statement by Buganda authorities last Feb. 12 asserted that they had “always advocated a federal form of government for Uganda.” They distrusted the trend toward a “unitary form of government” which might endanger Buganda's “traditional institutions.” The Kabaka, who is a god-king to 1.7 million of Uganda's 5.8 million people, has been fighting a delaying action against changes which threaten to undermine his ancient feudal powers, Milton Obote, leader of the Uganda People's Congress, most powerful of Uganda nationalist movements, has labeled the Kabaka's court “reactionary.” (…)”Britain's insistence that Uganda have a strong unitary government has given the Ankolo, Bunyoro and Toro tribes, as well as the Kabaka, an issue on which they are united—tribalism. Strong tribal allegiance and the resulting preference for federalism are not confined to Buganda. Tribal chiefs fear that the nationalist parties, such as Obote's, will undermine their chiefdoms. But the smaller tribes are suspicious of the Kabaka and refuse to accept his leadership in any form” (Blumenfeld, 1960). 
 “The office of the Supreme Mufti has disassociated itself from what it has described as unprincipled call for unity by the leaders at Old Kampala. This is after the leadership of the Uganda Muslim Supreme Council organized a national unity prayer session slated for Friday at the Old Kampala mosque. However, the spokesperson of the Kibuli sect Sheikh Hassan Kirya has told journalists at a news conference held at Kibuli mosque that the spiritual status and integrity of the people behind this move is suspect especially with regard to their conduct towards fellow Muslims. Sheikh Kirya is instead asking that the council addresses the root cause of disunity” (Ageno, 2015). 
 Museveni said this to the Muslim community this year: 
“Currently, Uganda’s life expectancy is 58 but the Sheikh has died at 83. Even at that age, he was still very strong, especially mentally. His death is a big blow to the Muslim community and his efforts to unite the Muslim community in Uganda” (…)”We have arrested many people who have been killing Muslim sheikhs and those who are still on the run shall be arrested” (…)”What divided us (Muslims) was lack of transparency in the custodianship of our property. But all we need is unity among Muslims” (Kafeero & Bwire, 2015). 
 Museveni said this year: 
“Am glad that NRM is able to maintain peace supported by you people. The population of Uganda has gone up. I urge you to support and maintain this peace” (Statehouse, 2015). 
 ““We used these venues to enlighten the people. Uganda had had the challenge of not knowing what to do within the political leadership,” adding that those ideological meetings took place in Bulambe and Kangave in Luwero district and at Bukatira in Nakaseke district. 
 Mr. Museveni who was accompanied by his wife, Mrs. Janet Museveni, noted that during the 1950s and 1960s, people were misled along sectarian considerations based mainly on religion and tribes. He was, however, pleased to remind the gathering that the country has now managed to foster stronger national unity because of the viable Government of the country. He used the occasion to introduce the Chairmen of the various organs that were in leadership during the struggle in the Luweero area . He also paid special tribute to Rev. Fr. Ssesanga who took the President’s mother from the area to Nairobi and ensured her security during the liberation war. Mr. Museveni paid tribute to his wife, Mrs. Janet Museveni, for looking after their children when he was actively engaged in the struggle. In the same vein, he thanked Mrs. Gertrude Njuba and Mrs. Olive Zizinga who took care of his meals at the critical time during the struggle” (Mediacentre, 2015). 
 And his NRM Party: 
“Promotion of national unity and guarding against the resurgence of all forms of sectarianism. Implementing programs geared towards the socio-economic transformation of society, such as providing a healthy environment for industrialization and job creating through public and private investments. This is in line with the strategy of building an independent, integrated and self-sustaining national economy. However, the strategy is largely private sector led” (NRM, 2015). 
 The NRM has done more for the National Unity and has made an effort for the kingdoms to reconcile, even if there been issues like recent years like between the Baganda Kingdom and the Ankoli. Or the Bunyoro with their land and Tororo after the fall of Gadaffi which supposable gave less power to kingdom after this, then you have the fiefdom of Busoga which haven’t gotten much credit from the National Unity work. So the NRM has done something good here I got to confess, though I am sure that the Northerners feels left out after the institutions are stronger in Bunyoro, Baganda and Tororo, and not in Acholiland, Karamoja and so on. There are things to work on to continue to make a clear national Unity. 
 This one is a close achievement though the killings of Muslim clerics and the miss of certain areas of the country; half not passed and half verified point. 
 
 Point 4: Defense and Consolidation on National Independence 
 “The contractual fundamentals enshrined in the Ten-point Programme and promise of a fundamental change that was already exhibited in the discipline of the triumphant rag-tag NRA guerrilla fighters instilled an unprecedented sense of relief and confidence. Ugandans envisioned the end to state-orchestrated wanton murders; the end of the culture of political violence, torture, arbitrary arrests, the repressive modus operandi, and above all, the opportunity to freely elect and peacefully change their leadership. It was considered a dawn of a new era. The exceptions were the people of Northern Uganda region, where the defeated armies regrouped and waged an extended war led by Alice Lakwena and Joseph Kony. Internationally, Museveni’s conversion to neo-liberalism earned him Western acclaim of a ‘unique visionary, charismatic leader’ and primus inter pares of the ‘new breed’ of African leaders (Oloka-Onyango 2004; Kjaer 2004)” (Asiimwe, 2014). 
 “  The eventual opening of political space was a protracted process whose landmark was the November 2004 Constitutional Court ruling against some sections of the Political Parties and Organisations Act (PPOA). The Court pinpointed the unconstitutional infringement of some PPOA sections on fundamental civil and political rights, for instance, freedom of association and assembly.  With the opening, new political parties emerged. The Forum for Democratic Change (FDC), a merger of the Parliamentary anti-third term group (PAFO) and Dr Kiiza Besigye’s Reform Agenda that contested the 2001 presidential elections, was the most prominent of the new parties. Traditional parties like DP and UPC considered FDC as a credible and trusted party, and forged a common working relationship with it under the G6 framework. Establishment of grassroots networks and infrastructure was not smooth for parties like the FDC. The NRM had an elaborate village to District level Local Council system that combined administrative functions with championing grassroots Movement interests. This was overseen by political appointees like Chief Administration Officials (CAO), security operatives and Movement cadres. Additionally, the police served the establishment, and para-military units like the Kalangala Action Plan were reminiscent of the old-time UPC’s National Security Agency (NASA). This elaborate apparatus aimed at weakening competing political parties through a combination of indirect and direct strategies like co-option, harassment, sabotage, repression or even elimination. Claims of sabotage were made, for instance, in Gulu, Hoima, Masindi and Kisoro (The New Vision 9 August 2005; The New Vision 27 June 2005; The New Vision 18 July 2005)” (Asiimwe, 2014). 
 The lands are peaceful but the oppression is making it less of peace as seen how they goes against the Opposition leaders and their parties. So there are issues that does destruct the picture of what the NRM-Regime really has done, because their hinges to power now destroy what they have built while trying to underscore their competitors in the political landscape. 
 This point is half made and half not. 
 
 Point 5: Laying a basis for building: an independent, integrated, self-sustaining national economy. 
 Economic levels: 
 From FY2006/2007 it was Domestic Debt and Outstanding(DoD) was US$1.47 billion. And in FY 2013/2014 had risen to US$4.3 billion (MTDS, P: 13, 2015). 
 Government expenditure is on an average to be 20.9% of the GDP for the FY 2014/2015. In the 2015/2016 it is 21.7% of the GDP. The main expenditure for the budget is the infrastructure projects like the upgrading of Entebbe International Airport, Hydro Power projects and Albertine Regional Airport. The total cost for the projects is US$7.0 Billion. There is set to be 5% target for the inflation rate and the exchange rate is set for 12.1% in FY 2015/2016 and average for 2.4% the rest of the years for the medium term (MTDS P: 17-18). 
 That the total debt-to-GDP from the current level of 28.6% by the end of June 2014, if the end of the time it might end up with 50% level by 2020. This is because of substantial projected increases the fiscal deficit. With the worst strategy the interest rate can go from 1.4% in June 2014 to become 4% in 2020 (MTDS, P: 24, 2015). 
 Point 5 is not valid. The scary numbers are the reason why! 
 Point 6: Restoration and improvement of social services and rehabilitation of the war-ravaged areas 
 
 (Republic of Uganda May 2015). 
They have started and even officially started to loan money for the restoration together with the major national programmes like National Development Program II and Vision 2040. 
 So this point is not valid! 
 
 Point 7: Elimination of all forms of corruption in public life 
 Here are a few cases from the recent year that proves that elimination is far from the surface and eliminated with corruption in the public life. There is so many cases but here is a few! 
 Mukono-Katosi Road Scandal: 
“A significant amount of evidence supports the view that the incidence of grand corruption in Uganda has increased over recent years. Recent cases involving the embezzlement of public funds suggest the effectiveness of state institutions in monitoring government programs is limited. Recent examples of cases of grand corruption include the fraudulent procurement of a contractor for the Mukono-Katosi road and subsequent advancement of UGX 24 billion to nonexistent contractor to kick-start the road construction in 2014; of UGX 205 billion through the national identity card system scam in 2011; and of UGX 58 billion lost in the OPM in 2012, among others” (Inspectorate of Government P: 33, 2014). 
 MTN-Uganda: 
 “The Anti-Corruption Court yesterday convicted six MTN staff after they were found guilty of illegally gaining access to the mobile money system and wired cash amounting to more than Shs3 billion to various money agent lines that they shared thereafter "  (PCTech Magazine, 2015). 
 UWA: 
 “In November 2014, five officials of the Uganda Wildlife Authority were suspended after almost 1.5 tons of ivory worth more than $1 million vanished from a government store room. In response, the minister for tourism suspended the Uganda Wildlife Authority’s executive director, Andrew Seguya. But he returned to office just a few months later”  (Athumani, 2015). 
 UNRA: 
 “A Uganda National Roads Authority (UNRA) official was last Friday quizzed over billions of shillings on his personal account, yet his official salary was only Shs5m a month”  (Kasozi, 2015). 
 Recent in Kampala: 
“The last time men posing as immigration officials showed up at Wei Kun's shoe store in the Ugandan capital of Kampala, the Chinese trader forked out $1,000 in bribes to prevent his business from being shuttered” (…)”Perspective traders must provide evidence of $100,000 in planned investment, language skills and obtain the necessary trade licenses _ or pay off the right people” (Canadian Press, 2015) 
 This point is far of chart that I have to say it super-un-valid! 
 
 Point 8: Settling the peasants that have been rendered landless by erroneous “development” projects or outright theft of their land through corruption. 
 Check again the Point number 2 since the answer is there on the land grabs and the issues it has, especially with the situation in Amuru and Adjumani districts with the allocation of land for Sugar Works Factory and hunting grounds in Apaa Village. Also with the land grab for the development project or building the Palm Oil plantations on Kalangala Island.  The issue in Northern Uganda ends also up with those staying in the camps that Internally Displaced Persons are not getting a piece of land to settle down and get a livelihood after the long trial with droughts and wars in the area. 
 This one is too damn easy, not valid before the IDPs get a piece of land and not business men getting giant plots for their business and pleasure. As the Government of Uganda has to fix the issues of giving their citizens their land and plots; and also finding the place for development, but there is also the issue of listening to the Local Councils, Chief’s and MPs to find a significant way of doing it, instead of shuffling over them. 
 Not Valid! 
 
 Point 9: Encouraging co-operation with other African countries and defending the human and democratic rights of our long-suffering African brothers 
 In the recent year the UPDF the Ugandan army has been in the South Sudan, Central African Republic and Somalia. In the Central African Republic they are still hunting for the LRA on mandate from the UN and the same with the Army troops in Somalia in the African Union Mission in Somalia (AMISOM). 
 The one in South Sudan: 
“John Ken-Lukyamuzi, who is the leader of the opposition Conservative Party in the national parliament, further said the deployment of the Ugandan People’s Defence Forces (UPDF) in South Sudan was a violation of international law” (…)”The lawmaker further said there was no evidence indicating the official invitation of UPDF by South Sudan president Salva Kiir, saying president Museveni failed to provide the invitation letter to parliament when inquired to produce it. However, Uganda government on many occasions alleged that its troops were invited by president Salva Kiir (Sudan Tribue, 2015). 
 Medics abroad: 
“Uganda plans to send more than 240 of its health workers to the Caribbean despite criticism and the threat of an aid cut” (…)”Officials have said the scheme is merely part of Uganda's bilateral cooperation with Trinidad and Tobago, from which Uganda has also benefited - with aid such as oil and gas industry training and financial support for its police” (Al Jazeera, 2015). 
 Ugandan-Saudi Agreement: 
“HUMAN rights activists from various civil society organisations have refuted the recently signed labour agreement between Uganda and Saudi Arabia to employ graduates as domestic workers, arguing that it is modern day slavery” (…)  ”“The government does not seem to be bothered about where these people are going to work, but rather to let go of them,” Ndifuna said”  (Muhindo, 2015). 
The military does certainly something positive abroad if they follow the international mandates from African Union and United Nations, but the ones they went in to without a mandate that was in South Sudan. In the midst of the year with the turmoil and demonstrations towards the third term in Burundi became part of the mediation team between CNDD-FDD and the opposition. The opposition felt that the NRM-Regime and their men had a loyalty to their friends in the government and not discuss in the matter towards a gentle agreement between the parts. 
 So parts of this point they actually do well, with the armies for the mandates, but the none mandates and how they have agreements to send people to other countries to earn quick money and not secure themselves. So it doesn’t seem they do it for generating Human Rights or Democratic values, more to gain money for the government. 
 Half Point is cleared and half point is not. 
 
 Point 10: Following an economic strategy of a mixed economy – I.E. Use of state and private sector as well as cooperatives in the development process 
 “Given the scale of investments required under NDPII, there is need to have close cooperation between the public and private sectors in form of public-private sector partnerships (PPP)” (…) “Government has already embarked on promoting and encouraging PPP in various forms for the smooth implementation of NDPII. Legislation towards formulating laws for PPPs is also in advanced stages. The forms that PPPs usually take include joint ventures between the Government and private sector entity/ies where both may contribute financial resources, Build, Operate and Transfer (BOT), Build, Own, Operate and Transfer (BOOT), Build, Own and Operate (BOO) and Concessions” (P: 153). 
 ““  The Uganda National Roads Authority (UNRA) is the implementing agency for the planned KAMPALA JINJA TOLL EXPRESSWAY. It will link the capital with the important industrial area of Jinja. Past plans have been for four to six lanes for the 77-kilometre road.  Cost estimates have also varied from USD 700 million to USD 1 billion. There are reports that the ministry of transport will be floating a USD 1 billion Public-Private-Partnership (PPP) tender and that the International Finance Corporation (IFC) will be the lead financial adviser. Construction could commence in 2015 with commissioning in 2020. COMESA has declared it to be a priority Project that is an important component of the Mombasa-Kampala – Kigali northern corridor” (APA, 2014). 
 “Uganda Registration services Bureau (URSB) has today entered into an MoU with National Social Security Fund (NSSF) to enable information/data sharing on companies registered with URSB and bio-data for NSSF members” (…)”The Partnership with NSSF isn’t the first for URSB, because earlier partnerships have already bore fruits. Together with KCCA and URA, URSB is running a TREP project, which has seen the organization register many business names in Kampala, and has now devised plans to roll out to the countryside beyond Kampala” (…)”Other Partnerships with UIA and Posta Uganda have seen URSB centers housed within the two institutions, a move that has eventually reduced congestion at the URSB head office and also saved peoples’ time and costs on transport to reach the URSB head office for registration services” (Minbane, 2015). 
 They have achieved this one, but at a price of exhilarating the prices for public building by having the Public-Private Partnerships which leads to higher levels, MoUs and contracts from constructions companies and the Government of Uganda. 
 This here is a valid point. 
 Afterthought: 
 Point 1: Not Valid. 
Point 2: Not Valid. 
Point 3: Half not passed and the other half passed. 
Point 4: Half not passed and the other half passed. 
Point 5: Not Valid. 
Point 6: Not Valid. 
Point 7: Not Valid. 
Point 8: Not Valid. 
Point 9: Half not passed and the other half passed. 
Point 10: Valid Point. 
 Totally 2, 5 Points out of 10 in 29 years is not impressed!  There is always easy to write visions, talk about wish to develop the organizations and country. NRM-Regime has had the time to build and rebuild the country. The NRM-Regime have had opportunities to deal with this program and achieve it, instead they have lost focus and turned into a crony elite who self-serves instead of serving the citizens. That is supposed to vital to any government to give services and reforms to build society to a better place. NRM-Regime has gone away from their core-principals. Therefore you can easily see that they haven’t tried hard to fulfil their Ten-Point Program. Peace! 
 PS: If this isn't enough for you? 
 Read my old one: 
 Dismantling the Ten Point Program - (05.05.2014) 
 Reference: 
Ageno, Catherine – ‘Supreme Mufti Kayongo rejects “Unity” Prayers’ (27.01.2015) link:  http://kfm.co.ug/news/supreme-mufti-kayongo-rejects-unity-prayers.html 
 Africa Project Access (APA) – ‘Africa Project Newsletter: Issue 234’ (Nov. 2014) link:  https://www.wko.at/Content.Node/service/aussenwirtschaft/NEWSLETTER-234-November-2014.pdf 
 Al Jazeera – ‘Uganda to send medics abroad despite aid-cut threat’ (16.03.2015) link:  http://www.aljazeera.com/news/2015/03/uganda-send-medics-aid-cut-threat-150316125448282.html 
 Asiimwe, Godfrey B –‘Of Fundamental Change and No Change: Pitfalls of Constitutionalism and Political Transformation in Uganda, 1995-2005 – Article in the Africa Development, Vol. XXXIX, No. 2, 2014, pp. 21 – 46 © Council for the Development of Social Science Research in Africa, 2014 (ISSN 0850-3907) 
 Athumani, Halima – ‘Corruption worsens an already devastating illegal wildlife trade in Uganda’ (10.07.2015) link:  http://www.pri.org/stories/2015-07-10/corruption-worsens-already-devastating-illegal-wildlife-trade-uganda 
 Blumenfeld, F. (1960). Tribalism and nationalism in Africa. Editorial research reports 1960 (Vol. II). Washington, DC: CQ Press. Retrieved from  http://library.cqpress.com/cqresearcher/cqresrre1960110200 
 Canadian Press – ‘Despite bribery and corruption Chinese retailers grow in Uganda’ (23.06.2015) link:  http://www.stockhouse.com/news/newswire/2015/06/23/despite-bribery-and-corruption-chinese-retailers-grow-uganda#M7hQi3pkd1JUhqeC.99 
 Kafeero, Stephen & Bwire, John – ‘Museveni calls for Muslim unity’ (18.04.2015) link:  http://www.monitor.co.ug/News/National/Museveni-calls-Muslim-unity/-/688334/2689182/-/y2hs43/-/index.html 
 Kasozi, Ephrahaim – ‘UNRA official quizzed over Shs1b on personal account’ (02.11.2015) link:  http://www.monitor.co.ug/News/National/UNRA-official-quizzed-over-Shs1b-on-personal-account/-/688334/2938914/-/xrpcno/-/index.html 
 Mediacentre – ‘President Commends Fighters’ Role During the 5-year Liberation Struggle’ (08.02.2015) link:  http://www.mediacentre.go.ug/press-release/president-commends-fighters%E2%80%99-role-during-5-year-liberation-struggle#sthash.HaQo8OZK.dpuf 
 Minbane – ‘Press Release on signing of a MOU between the URSB and NSSF (28.08.2015) link:  https://minbane.wordpress.com/2015/08/29/press-release-on-signing-of-a-mou-between-the-ursb-and-nssf-28-08-2015/ 
 Muhindo, Clare – ‘Human rights activists contest Uganda-Saudi labour pact’ (14.07.2015) link:  http://www.newvision.co.ug/news/670932-human-rights-activists-contest-uganda-saudi-labour-pact.html 
 NRM – ‘NRM Mission is to transform Uganda into a Modern Prosperous society’ (02.10.2015) link:  https://www.nrm.ug/media/nrm-mission-transform-uganda-modern-prosperous-society 
 Inspectorate of Government (IG) & Economic Policy Research Center (EPRC): Tracking Corruption Trends in Uganda – Using data tracking mechanism – Annual Fourth Report 2014. 
 Statehouse – ‘President urges West Nile on maintaining peace, unity, and household income projects’ (20.07.2015) link:  http://www.statehouse.go.ug/media/news/2015/07/20/president-urges-west-nile-maintaining-peace-unity-and-household-income-project 
 Sudan Tribune – ‘Ugandan lawmaker describes UPDF mission in South Sudan as illegal’ (10.04.2015) link:  http://www.sudantribune.com/spip.php?article54577 
 Republic of Uganda/Directorate of Debt & Cash Management – Ministry of Financing, Planning & Economic Development: ‘Medium Term Debt Management Strategy’ (MTDS): 2015/2016 -2019/2020 (April 2015). 
 Republic of Uganda – Report of the Committee on National Economy on the proposal by Government to borrow SDR 34 Million (US 50, 2 Million) from the International Fund for Agricultural Development for Financing the Programme for Restoration of Livelihoods in Northern Uganda (MAY, 2015) 
 Republic of Uganda – ‘SECOND NATIONAL DEVELOPMENT PLAN 2015/16 – 2019/20 (NDPII): “A Transformed Ugandan Society from a Peasant to a Modern and Prosperous Country within 30 years”. 
 PCTech Magazine – ‘Former MTN Uganda Staff get 9 years’ jail for Mobile Money fraud’ (28.04.2015) link:  http://pctechmag.com/2015/04/anti-corruption-court-convicts-six-mtn-staff-over-shs3b-fraud/ 
 Share this: 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Author   nilspeace Posted on  November 2, 2015November 2, 2015 Categories  Africa ,  Agriculture ,  Aid ,  Army ,  Business ,  Civil Service ,  Climate ,  Corruption ,  Crime ,  Daily Life ,  Development ,  Economic Measures ,  Economy ,  Education ,  Election ,  Ethics ,  Governance ,  Government ,  Health ,  History ,  Industry ,  Infrastructure ,  Law ,  Monarchy ,  Politics ,  Tax ,  Trade Tags  Acholi ,  Acholi Sub Region ,  Adjumani ,  Adjumani District ,  African Mission ,  Agricultural Production Area ,  Aid ,  Albertine Regional Airport ,  Alice Lakwena ,  Allocation of Land ,  Amama Mbabazi ,  AMISOM ,  Amuria District ,  Amuru ,  Amuru Sugar Works ,  Andrew Seguya ,  Anite Evelyn ,  Ankolo ,  Anti-Corruption ,  Anti-Corruption Court ,  Apaa ,  Apaa Parish ,  Apaa Village ,  Arbitrary Arrest ,  Armies ,  Arua ,  AU Mission in Somalia ,  Baganda ,  Basic Village ,  BOO ,  BOOT ,  BOT ,  Bright Rwamirama Kanyontore ,  Bright Rwamirama Mwiempaka ,  Britain ,  British Colonial Secretary ,  Buganda ,  Build Operate and Transfer ,  Build Own and Operate ,  Build Own Operate and Transfer ,  Bukatira ,  Bunyoro ,  Burundi ,  CAO ,  Caribbean ,  CDD ,  Central Government ,  Cheif Administrative Officer ,  Citizen ,  Civil Society Organization ,  CNDD-FDD ,  COMESA ,  Community Driven Development ,  Constitutional Court ,  Crony ,  Crony elite ,  CSO ,  Davis Akampurira ,  Democratic Party Uganda ,  Detained ,  Developing Palm Oil Plantion ,  District Infrastructure ,  District Level Local Council System ,  District Local Council ,  DoD ,  Domestic Debt and Outstanding ,  Domestic Workers ,  DP ,  DSIP ,  EAC ,  East African Community ,  Election Rigging ,  Embezzlement ,  Entebbe International Airport ,  Evelyn Anite ,  Fatuma Zaina ,  Fautima Zaina ,  FDC ,  Federalism ,  Financial Support ,  Flying Squad ,  Fraud ,  Free and Fair Elections ,  Gas Industry Training ,  GDP ,  Gen. Kale Kayihura ,  GoU ,  Government Expenditure ,  Government of Uganda ,  Government Store Room ,  Grassroot Networks ,  H. E. Yoweri Kaguta Museveni ,  Hon. Amama Mbabazi ,  Human Rights ,  Hunger ,  Hydro Power Projects ,  Ian Macleod ,  IDP Camps ,  IDPs ,  IFC ,  IG ,  IGP Kale Kayihura ,  Infrastructure Projects ,  Inner-Party Members ,  Inspectorate of Government ,  Internal Displaced People ,  International Finance Corporation ,  Janet Museveni ,  Jinja ,  Jobless Brotherhood ,  John-Ken Lukyamuzi ,  Joseph Kony ,  Kabaka ,  Kabaka Mutesa II ,  Kakira Sugar Works Limited ,  Kalangala ,  Kalangala Action Plan ,  Kalangala District ,  Kalangala Islands ,  Kampala Jinja Toll Expressway ,  Kibuli ,  Kibuli Mosque ,  KJE ,  Land Grab ,  LC ,  Leaders of Opposistion ,  Livelihoods ,  Local Council ,  Lord Resistance Army ,  LRA ,  Lukiko ,  Luwero ,  Luwero District ,  Madhvani Group ,  Madvani Investment ,  Medics ,  Medium Term ,  Memorandum of Understanding ,  Military Form of Government ,  Milton Obote ,  Mobil Money System ,  Modern Day Slavery ,  Modus Operandi ,  Mohammed Ndifuma ,  Mombasa-Kampala-Kigali Northern Corridor ,  MOU ,  Movement ,  Movement Interest ,  MTDS ,  MTN-Uganda ,  Mukono ,  Mukono-Katosi Road ,  Mukono-Kyetume-Katosi/Kisoga-Nyenga Road ,  Museveni ,  Muslim Community ,  Muslims ,  Mutesa II ,  Nakaseke District ,  National Development Plan II ,  National Resistance Army ,  National Resistance Movement ,  National Social Security Fund ,  NDPII ,  Neo-Liberalism ,  Norman Thumuhimbise ,  Northern Uganda ,  NRA ,  NRA Guerrilla Fighters ,  NRM ,  NRM Mission ,  NRM Poor ,  NRM Regime ,  NRM Ten-Point Program ,  NRM Youth Brigade ,  NRM-Elite ,  NSSF ,  Old Kampala ,  PAFO ,  Palm Oil ,  Parliament of Uganda ,  Parliamentary Anti-Third Term Group ,  Peace ,  Peacefully ,  Pierre Nkurunziza ,  Political Parties and Organisations Act ,  Political Violence ,  POMA ,  Posta Uganda ,  PPOA ,  PPP ,  PRDP ,  Pre-Ticket Ballot ,  PRELNOR ,  President Museveni ,  President Salva Kiir Mayardit ,  Preventative Arrests ,  Protection ,  Public Funds ,  Public Order Management Act ,  Public Private Partnership ,  Reactionary ,  Reform Agenda ,  Rev. Fr. Ssesanga ,  Rigged Election ,  Ruling Party ,  Rural District Roads ,  Salva Kiir ,  Salva Kiir Mayardit ,  Sam Kuteesa ,  Sam Kutesa ,  Saudi Arabia ,  Sectarian ,  Sectarianism ,  Sheikh Hassan Kirya ,  Social Services ,  Sole Candidate ,  South Sudan ,  Special Reconstruction Fund ,  Stuffed Ballot-Boxes ,  Supreme Mufti ,  Tear-Gas ,  Ten Point Program ,  Toro ,  Torture ,  Tourism ,  TREP ,  Tribal Cheifs ,  Trinidad and Tobago ,  Uganda ,  Uganda Bilateral Cooperation ,  Uganda Muslim Supreme Council ,  Uganda National Roads Authority ,  Uganda People Defence Force ,  Uganda Peoples Congress ,  Uganda Police Force ,  Uganda Registration Services Bureau ,  Uganda Revenue Authority ,  Uganda Vision 2040 ,  Uganda Wildlife Authority ,  UK ,  UN ,  Unique Visonary ,  United Kingdom ,  United Nation ,  UNRA ,  UPC ,  UPDF ,  UPF ,  URA ,  URSB ,  USD ,  UWA ,  Vincent Kaggwa ,  Violence ,  Yoweri Kaguta Museveni 1 Comment on Dismantling the Ten-Point Program 2015 Edition - Uganda 
 Letter from the Landlords Lawyer Company to Norman Tumuhimbise: (MS/GEN/2015) 'Re Notice to Vacate' - 1. September 2015 
 
 He is forced out of his home, because of the Police take him to custody without any court order.  The price of that is that he loses his home and has to relocate because being followed by the Police and Security Agencies of the State of Uganda. Because he writes and is activists for the ones who doesn't have work in the country! How is that possible? Well, could he sue the government for loss of housing and livelihood? That would be fair in the situation though I guess that will not happen and it would not served. I am sure he would again be taken to be Police Officers to an unknown location and beaten again! Instead of serving in court for his stance.  Peace. 
 Share this: 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Author   nilspeace Posted on  September 3, 2015 Categories  Africa ,  Civil Service ,  Crime ,  Election ,  Ethics ,  Governance ,  Government ,  Politics Tags  Arrest ,  Civil Service ,  Conveyancers ,  CP Fred Enanga ,  Fred Enanga ,  IGP Gen Kale Kayihura ,  Jobless Brotherhood ,  Kale Kayihura ,  Kampala ,  Kasubi ,  Landlord ,  Lawyers ,  Legal Consulatants ,  M/S Musoke Suleman & CO ,  M/S Musoke Suleman & CO. Advocates ,  Mengo ,  Mr. Muhammed Kisuule ,  Muhammad Kisuule ,  Norman Thumuhimbise ,  Oppisistion ,  Police ,  Property ,  Property Managers ,  Rule of Law ,  Security ,  Uganda Police Force ,  UPF Leave a comment on Letter from the Landlords Lawyer Company to Norman Tumuhimbise: (MS/GEN/2015) 'Re Notice to Vacate' - 1. September 2015 
 Norman Thumuhimbise speaking out after the abduction and will report the Kampala Metropolitan Police tomorrow! 
 Finally is hespeaking to the world. After he was unjustly taken to custody by security organization earlier this week. Norman Thumuhimbise of the Jobless Brotherhood is being punished for speaking the truth and telling stories of youth who just want to work and not be unemployed anymore in Uganda.  For that and for using peaceful tools to campaign for the cause that he is involved in. The Police and Security Organizations has done him and other oppositition people has also gotten this actions against them. And the world should take notice and give the regime a little of piece of mind. Instead it looks like it close it eyes shut because its in the wrong zip-code. If the giant media houses doesn't care! I do. 
 One last thing: 
 The saddest thing is that he has to REPORT AGAIN to the KAMPALA METROPOLIAN POLICE!! After he has been unlawfully detained by people serving the security agencies and even the police. They interrogated him unlawfully and dumped him! Still has now to go back to the police and report himself. That can't be just and lawful behaviour of the Police in the State of Uganda!  Peace. 
 Peace! 
 This is the press release on the 26th of August from Freedom House: 
 In response to the apparent abduction and detention of Ugandan youth activist Norman Tumuhimbise on August 19, Freedom House issued the following statement: 
 “Freedom House is concerned by Ugandan authorities’ apparent abduction and illegal detention of Norman Tumuhimbise, a youth activist, in an undisclosed location until his release August 26,”  said Vukasin Petrovic, director for Africa programs.  “The Uganda Police and Uganda Human Rights Commission should immediately investigate his abduction and release the findings publicly as soon as possible. As Uganda’s 2016 general elections approach, the Government of Uganda should ensure that the fundamental rights of human rights activists, as enshrined in the Constitution of Uganda, are respected.” 
 Share this: 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Author   nilspeace Posted on  August 27, 2015 Categories  Africa ,  Civil Service ,  Development ,  Election ,  Ethics ,  Governance ,  Government ,  Politics Tags  1995 Constitution Uganda ,  Abducted ,  Arrest ,  CP Fred Enanga ,  Detention ,  Fred Enanga ,  Freedom House ,  GoU ,  Government of Uganda ,  IGP Gen Kale Kayihura ,  Jobless Brotherhood ,  Kale Kayihura ,  Kampala ,  Kampala Central Police Station ,  Kampala CPS ,  Kampala Metropolitan ,  Kampala Metropolitan Police ,  Kasubi ,  M-Pigs Activist ,  MPS ,  NGO Freedom House ,  Norman Thumuhimbise ,  Patrick Onyango ,  Police ,  Presidential Election 2016 Uganda ,  Uganda ,  Uganda Election 2016 ,  Uganda Human Rights Commission ,  Uganda Parliament ,  Uganda Police Force ,  unemployed ,  Vukasin Petrovic ,  Youth Activist Leave a comment on Norman Thumuhimbise speaking out after the abduction and will report the Kampala Metropolitan Police tomorrow! 
 Posts navigation 
 Page 1  Page 2   Next page 
 Search for: Search 
 The New Posts 
 
 Mali: Forces Armées Maliennes (FAMa) – Communique du Chef d’Etat-Major General des Armees (25.01.2021) 
 Syria: Joint Statement on International Day of Education - Ten years of war in Syria, more than half of children continue to be deprived of education (24.01.2021) 
 Somalia: Ministry of Foreign Affairs and International Cooperation - Press Release (25.01.2021) 
 As Liberation Day looms: It appears that Gen. Museveni never listened to the Report “Pearl of Blood” 
 General Museveni will deal with the Opposition the NRA Way 
 Kenya: Ministry of Foreign Affairs - Kenya Express Concerns of renewed Fighting in Bula Hawa, Somalia (25.01.2021) 
 Zimbabwe Lawyers for Human Rights: ZLHR Condems Attacks on Medical Practitioners (24.01.2021) 
 Day 11: Bobi Wine is “freed” but is he really free though? 
 One South Africa: OSA to participate in 2021 Local Government Elections with independent candidates (25.01.2021) 
 Somalia: Ministry of Information, Culture & Tourism - Press Release (25.01.2021) 
 Opinion: Faki Mahamat’s “My Vision” is just rubbish… 
 Zimbabwe: Senior Hospital Doctors Association (SHDA) - Press Release (24.01.2021) 
 Mali: Forces Armées Maliennes (FAMa) – Communique du Chef d’Etat-Major General des Armees (24.01.2021) 
 Zimbabwe: Medical and Dental Private Practitioners of Zimbabwe Association (M.D.P.P.Z.A): COVID-19 and Medical Practice (24.01.2021) 
 Opinion: No “Medical Assassins” but an inept government 
 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Archives 
 
 
 January 2021 
 
 
 December 2020 
 
 
 November 2020 
 
 
 October 2020 
 
 
 September 2020 
 
 
 August 2020 
 
 
 July 2020 
 
 
 June 2020 
 
 
 May 2020 
 
 
 April 2020 
 
 
 March 2020 
 
 
 February 2020 
 
 
 January 2020 
 
 
 December 2019 
 
 
 November 2019 
 
 
 October 2019 
 
 
 September 2019 
 
 
 August 2019 
 
 
 July 2019 
 
 
 June 2019 
 
 
 May 2019 
 
 
 April 2019 
 
 
 March 2019 
 
 
 February 2019 
 
 
 January 2019 
 
 
 December 2018 
 
 
 November 2018 
 
 
 October 2018 
 
 
 September 2018 
 
 
 August 2018 
 
 
 July 2018 
 
 
 June 2018 
 
 
 May 2018 
 
 
 April 2018 
 
 
 March 2018 
 
 
 February 2018 
 
 
 January 2018 
 
 
 December 2017 
 
 
 November 2017 
 
 
 October 2017 
 
 
 September 2017 
 
 
 August 2017 
 
 
 July 2017 
 
 
 June 2017 
 
 
 May 2017 
 
 
 April 2017 
 
 
 March 2017 
 
 
 February 2017 
 
 
 January 2017 
 
 
 December 2016 
 
 
 November 2016 
 
 
 October 2016 
 
 
 September 2016 
 
 
 August 2016 
 
 
 July 2016 
 
 
 June 2016 
 
 
 May 2016 
 
 
 April 2016 
 
 
 March 2016 
 
 
 February 2016 
 
 
 January 2016 
 
 
 December 2015 
 
 
 November 2015 
 
 
 October 2015 
 
 
 September 2015 
 
 
 August 2015 
 
 
 July 2015 
 
 
 June 2015 
 
 
 May 2015 
 
 
 April 2015 
 
 
 March 2015 
 
 
 February 2015 
 
 
 January 2015 
 
 
 December 2014 
 
 
 November 2014 
 
 
 October 2014 
 
 
 September 2014 
 
 
 August 2014 
 
 
 July 2014 
 
 
 June 2014 
 
 
 May 2014 
 
 
 April 2014 
 
 
 March 2014 
 
 
 February 2014 
 
 
 January 2014 
 
 
 December 2013 
 
 
 November 2013 
 
 
 October 2013 
 
 
 September 2013 
 
 
 August 2013 
 
 
 July 2013 
 
 
 June 2013 
 
 
 May 2013 
 
 
 April 2013 
 
 
 March 2013 
 
 
 February 2013 
 
 
 January 2013 
 
 
 December 2012 
 
 
 October 2012 
 
 
 September 2012 
 
 
 August 2012 
 
 
 July 2012 
 
 
 June 2012 
 
 
 April 2012 
 
 
 March 2012 
 
 
 February 2012 
 
 
 January 2012 
 
 
 December 2011 
 
 
 November 2011 
 
 
 RSS - Posts 
 
 
 RSS - Comments 
 
 
 Follow Blog 
 If you want to follow this blog - add your mail here. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Blogroll 
 
 Acholi Times 
 All Africa 
 Ann Therese 
 Bergen Anglicans 
 Bistandsaktuelt 
 Daily Monitor UG 
 Derrida the Constructionist 
 Eirik Soldal 
 Faith C. 
 Focus Uganda 
 Green Ubuntu - Lars Thore Fadnes blogg 
 Gretha's Univers 
 Joylyuki 
 Katolikken 
 Laget 
 SARA PIHL. NÆRE PÅ. 
 Semuwemba 
 THE #LJfiles 
 Twino Speaks! 
 Vakre Fullmåne 
 
 MinBane   Website Powered by WordPress.com . 
  MinBane  
 Website Powered by WordPress.com . 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 %d bloggers like this: 
