Skip to content 
 
 The Original Boggart Blog 
 Anti - establishment news and opinion. We started as satire but you can't satirise farce 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Big Data And Surveillance Topic Menu 
 
 Home Jobs, employment 
 Jobs, employment 
 Police Ignored Slave Labour in Leicester Sweatshops, Feared Accusations Of Racism that for decades have targeted and sexually exploited 
 July 12, 2020July 12, 2020   greenteeth   Immigration ,  Jobs, employment ,  society ,  Uncategorized   asian ,  illegal ,  migrants ,  slave labour ,  slavery 
 Workers in a Leicester sweatshop (Picture:  Leicester Mercury ) 
 In a scenario resembling the inaction of the authorities in the face of blatantly illegal activities of the notorious grooming gangs that targeted and sexually exploited vulnerable and under - age girls, a newly published report has revealed British police and government agencies have ignored the existence of 'sweatshops' full of mostly South Asian heritage workers in the British fashion industry over fears that they would be called racist. Home Secretary Priti Patel has suggested that “cultural sensitivities” led police and other employment authorities to ignore the exploitation of illegal workers in textile factories and warehouses in Leicester, for the same reasons as police and social services departments overlooked grooming gang rapists operating in cities around Britain.  Rotherham  and  Rochdale  are the most publicise cases but the activities of grooming gangs have been exposed in  many other towns and cities  including the genteel university city of Oxford.. 
 The report published last week contains the results from a police  investigation  carried out by The National Crime Agency found that workers in a Leicester CMT (cut, make and trim) contrator for the British fashion company Boohoo were being paid less than the national minimum wage for adults over 25 of £8.72 an hour. Some workers , who having entered the country illegally and so were reluctant to complain for fear of being reported to the immigration agency by their bosses were earning as little as £3.50 an hour. 
 The report has prompted the Home Secretary to consider drafting new legislation on modern slavery, as she believes the current set of laws are “not fit for purpose”. Ms. Patel is right, the laws were written and enacted long before relaxation of border controls under the Labour government (1997 to 2010) allowed a massive influx of undocumented workers. These people now live outside the tax and National Insurance systems and cannot claim state benefits so they are at the mercy of unscrupulous employers who are often not factory owners but contract labour agencies. 
 “This scandal has been hiding in plain sight and there are concerns cultural sensibilities could be in part to blame for why these appalling working practices haven’t been properly investigated,” a source close to Ms Patel  told   The Times  newspaper. 
 The communities secretary, Robert Jenrick, has also launched an investigation into the matter, which could result in the government taking control of Leicester’s city council and appointing a team to run the city's business, in the way his predecessor in the post, Eric Pickles, did for Rotherham when the grooming gang scandal erupted a few years ago. Like Rotherham and its grooming gang scandal, Leicester city council has been accused of gross negligence in its failure to address slave labour in the fashion industry. A source in Leicester City Hall, who does not want to be named for obvious reasons, revealed that the council members and officer were more concerned that the council might be labelled racist than they were about the plight of the migrant workers who were being exploited by criminal bosses. 
 It is worth noting that the agencies supplying low skilled labour exploit a little known European Union law which demands that all workers be paid the legal minimum wage, not the minimum for the country where the work is done but the legal minimum for the country where the agency employing the workers is registered. Most of the agencies are registered in Bucharest, Romania, Sofia, Bulgaria or other low waged EU member stated. In Britain the minimum wage for a full 35 hour week is £305. In Romania, for a longer week the legal minimum wage is £55. Thus the agencies can show authorities in the tax jurisdiction they are complying with EU law. 
 The police contact for Leicester’s Sikh community, Raj Mann said: “The local authorities have known these sweatshops exist for decades but they’ve been loath to do anything about it for fear of being accused of picking on immigrant or refugee communities, as a lot of the exploited workers are of Indian, Pakistani or Bangladeshi background. 
 “Within the Asian community people generally turn a blind eye to workers in the community who are on less than the minimum wage. They see it as being better than earning nothing at all,” he said, adding that factory owners in the city often share intelligence about “cheap workers” as well as information on upcoming police raids or inspections by the health and Safety Agency or Department of Work and Pensions. 
 The problem of modern slavery has been a concern for decades in the Leicester clothing manufacture industry, a 2015 study from the University of Leicester reported that the practice of paying workers below the minimum wage to be “endemic” in the city. One of the reasons it goes on is that illegal immigrants have no alternative than to work on binding contracts in jobs that pay less than the legal minimum wage and do not provide the benefits such as sick pay and paid holidays which are prescribed in UK employment laws. 
 RELATED: 
 A Closer Look At No - Go Zones For Europeans In EU’s Notorious Migrant Districts 
 In the wake of the latest terror attacks in a European city, (Brussels this time) it seems everybody in the EU except for the politicians and senior bureaucrats whose ineptitude and arrogance caused this mess, is now aware of the scale of problems for European socities emanating from the Islamic enclaves that have been allowed to develop by authorities more interested in being politically correct that serving the people who pay them. 
 Immigrant criminals and Swedish criminals are viewed differently in the eyes of Swedish law. 
 We ask why it is, in Sweden, that when a Swede kills two immigrants it is an act of terrorism that shames the nation, but when an African immigrant kills a Swedish mother and her young child, in the eyes of the government it is somehow the victim's fault? The big concern is that, given the desperation of our Conservtive and Labour party leaders to make us more European, such politically correct insanity will be inflicted in Britain next 
 Migrants Riot And Use BATTERING RAM To Smash Through E U Border Checkpoint 
 today used a home-made battering ram in an attempt to force their way through a border control point between greece and Macedonia. They also threw rocks at police, who retaliated with tear gas. The migrants destroyed a gate on the border but Macedonian military personnel were on hand and it is not clear if any actually managed to get through the broken gate … 
 German Politician Predicts White Germans Will Be A Minority. Faces Calls to Quit. 
 Erika Steinbach, human rights spokesperson for Angela Merkel's CDU party, has been criticized after she posted a picture that appears to predict that in 14 years' time, white people will be in a minority in Germany. Steinbach faces criticism after she tweeted a picture with the caption 'Germany 2030' that depicts a crowd of dark-skinned people curiously asking a single white child where she is from. 
 Germans Cheer As Refugee Center Burns 
 After a remarkable degree of restraint and tolerance was demonstrated by residents of EU cities where the refugees are being dumped in hostels, fed, clothed and given spending money, all funded by European taxes, the attacks that left 130 people dead in Paris in November and the string of sexual assaults that swept Cologne, Germany on New Year’s Eve have been the straw that has broken the camels back. 
 Worlds Biggest Luxury Liner To Be An Immigtant Hostel? 
 Ocean Gala, a luxury cruise liner which when launched was the world’s largest passenger ship will be converted into a  concentration camp  floating hostel to house Sweden’s third world migrants. The only thing that may derail the deal with US Shipmanagers for floating migrant accommodation, would be failure to find a berth in any of Sweden’s large deep water harbours. Sweden’s open doors immigration policy has led to … 
 German Government To ‘Create’ 100,000 Subsidised Migrant Jobs That ‘Pay’ Just €1 An Hour 
 The German government has announced plans to spend nearly € half a billion on creating 100,000 heavily subsidised jobs for unemployed migrants. Or to put it another way, Hausfrau - Volksfuhrer Merkel is going to pay migrants with taxpayers money to turn up at recreational centers and watch TV or play pool while pretending to do these make believe jobs. 
 Jews Fleeing From France In Record Numbers Because Of Antisemitism 
 Europe's new wave anti - semitism. Jewish people are fleeing france but not because of Front National or nationalism. The stupid, self righteous left alone must take credit for this outbreak of Jew hating. 
 Watch two Finnish shopgirls out a couple of male Muslim shoplifters. 
Arthur's introduction (in his usual inimitable style) to this video from Finland might offend some people, but the attitude of Muslim immigrants that they can just walk into shops and take what they want, force themselves on women whenever they please, molest young children and tel us how to run our countries in Europe needs to be challenged. 
 Islamification Of Germany: Regensburg City Council Considers 'Women-Only' Transportation 
Public segregation of men and women, women only buses, segregated sessions at the swimming pool. European politicians have betrayed the people of Europe and are giving away our traditional freedoms in order to appease bestiali Muslim immigrants. 
 Are The Ruling Elites waking Up At Last To The Problems Cause By Mass Muslim Immigration? 
 The WEF had been dubbed Bilderberg Lite, a meeting to which the public (assuming they can afford £$€stupid for a cup of very mediocre coffee) is talking about a different matter this time round. Europe's immigration crisis and the similar though not so immediate problem in the USA, and the likely consequences for the economies of the developed world is top of the agenda. 
 Thousands Flood The Streets In Germany As Fury Over Refugee Sex Assaults Reaches Boiling Point 
 What mostly news reports in English speaking countries initially believed was isolated riot by newly arrived migrants in Cologne’s city center now appears not to have been confined to the German city but was a bloc-wide phenomenon as women in Austria, Switzerland, Finland, Sweden, Denmark, The Netherlands, Norway, France and other places have come forward to report being molested 
 Doctors And Engineers? 65 Per Cent Of Syrian Refugees Can’t Even Read Or Write 
 Statistics released by a senior German academic confirm previous forecasts suggesting the majority of Syrian  illegal immigrants  refugees arriving in Europe claiming they are asylum seekers or refugees are functionally illiterate and have no hope of obtaining gainful employment. 
 EU Report Reveals Continent Being Changed By Migration 
While political leaders and the mass media constantly preach of the economic benefits and cultural enrichment that sping from mass immigration,EU Report Reveals Continent Being Changed By Migration just a few days ago we reported a study that found the economic benefits are a myth and today a report published by the EUs in house statistical bureau reveals immigrants have an adverse effect socially and culturally. 
 Opposition Party to Sue Austrian Government Over Complicity In People Trafficking 
We have reported previously that in their eagerness to complete the genocide of Europe's white working classes, the political and business elites are prepared to make a mockery of their own laws. One way in which this has been done is by turning a blind eye to people trafficking so that the entry of illegal immigrants to Europe would not be slowed by national law. We can't claim credit for the action reported here, we have very few Austrian readers, but it's good to see oyhers are starting to think. 
 European Governments Hold "Secret" Meeting To Dismantle Borderless Travel 
Since the spring of this year, when numbers of migrant flooding across the European Union's border illegaly began to rise exponentially we have predicted that the resultant crisis would bring about the end of the Schengen Agreement - under which 28 EU nations operate open  internal  borders, unravels in the face of the overwhelming flow of refugees fleeing the war-torn Mid-East 
 While Europe Is Still Reeling From The Paris Attacks Another Capital City Is Plunged Into Chaos 
 Following a warning last night of an "imminent" terror threat in Brussels security services raised the country's terror alert to the highest level, plunging Europe, still reeling from last weeks carnage in Paris and gripped by fear and panic due to the honest reporting (at last) that the EU's politically correct 'open doors' immigration policy has allowed extremists hostile to European culture and our way of life to infiltrate European societies … 
 Terrorism: France Will Push To End Borderless Schengen Zone 
 Europe’s free movement zone is already under pressure due to the tide of illegal entrants flooding over the EU's external borders. Now, terror stricken French citizens will demand emergency border controls and the re - establishment of national borders at a summit on Friday." To all intents and purposes it will be a temporary suspension of Schengen," 
 Autumn Gets More Interesting As Merkel Admists She May Have Caused balkans War. 
 The autumn of 2015 has been interesting with the escalation of the war against ISIS by Russian air Force jets and Iranian ground troops in Syria and Iraq, Europe's migrant crisis pushing prosperous north European nations towards civil unrest, and the downing of a Russian airliner over Sinai by as yet unknown causes though western intelligence reports suggest a terrorist bomb was planted on board before take off. And it is set to get more interesting … 
 German Opposition Party Warns, Nation Is "At The Edge Of Anarchy, Civil War Is Coming" 
 As the stituation in German society deteriorates each day due to the vast swarm of lawless, uneducated, infidel hating illegal immigrants that Housfrau Volksfuhrer invited to travel to Germany and replace the established population, social commentators are predicting the country will slide into civil unrest and possibly full scale conflict between supporters of immigration and patriotic Germans 
 German Village Accused of Racism For Requesting Migrants Use Toilets And Not Harass Women 
 A village in Germany which published a list of ground rules for migrants covering basic standards of behaviour expected in German society has been accused of racism. The list includes matters of basic civility like queueing in shops, paying for stuff and not haggling ovr the price of a tin of beans, to fundamental principles of Western society like behaving respectfully to women who … 
 Can Muslim Culture Ever Integrete With Tolerant Western Socities? 
 We in the developed nations are constantly told we must accept multiculturalism (Why? We never voted in favour of it?), celebrate diversity (We do celebrate diversity, there are thousands of diverse lifestyle within western societies) and adapt to accommodate the quirky but charming traditions of immigrants … 
 Leave a comment 
 Minister In Spain's Socialist Government Claims Country Needs ‘Millions and Millions’ of Migrants 
 January 19, 2020January 24, 2020   greenteeth   europe ,  Immigration ,  Jobs, employment   immigrants ,  left ,  socialist ,  spain ,  unemployment 
 The Minister for Social Security, Inclusion, and Migration in Spain's socialist interim government, has said the country, which already has phenomenally high unemployment, requires millions of new migrants from third world nations, similar to the hundreds of thousands of illiterate, unskilled professional benefits claimants who have flooded the country in recent years, to combat the forecasted demographic decline in the near future. 
 Escriva claimed the demographic projections for Spain are so bad that the country will require “eight or nine million people just to keep our working population at the same level”, and noted that other countries should be “prepared to integrate” large migrant populations,  France Info reports. 
 “The demographic trajectories are there. It will happen, we will not escape it,” Escriva said during a meeting of the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD) in Paris on Thursday. 
 “We must be prepared to integrate into our societies, if we want to maintain our comfort levels, a certain number of additional migrants and our population will be more mixed,” he said and added: “We have to prepare societies for this. Explain to them why it is good for them, for their children, and for generations to come." 
 He's talking bollocks of course, mass immigration is a sacred cow policy for socialists throughout the European Union, but the EU's 'open doors' policy, imposed on member states by Brussels is responsible for the social and economic problems being experienced by many EU member states. 
 European Commissioner for Migration Ylva Johansson, who also attended the meeting, went on to state that European Union citizens are worried that we cannot manage migration, that we cannot control it”. 
 “We must show that we control immigration,” she said and added that the EU could do more to deal with illegal immigrants. Johansson went on to state: “Those who have the right to stay, they are welcome, we must welcome them.” 
 While many establishment politicians, particularly on the left, have idiotically championed mass migration as a way to boost the economies of European countries by paying out more benefits to unemployable people, serious economic studies such as a 2016 report from the Institute for Employment Research (IAB) claimed mass   migration was harmful  to long term economic growth. 
 A University of Basel study released in 2018 agreed, concluding that in the short term mass migration can benefit the economy but in the long term migrants are a net loss for the state, rather than a contributor. 
 Back to contents table 
 RELATED POSTS: 
 Not Qualified To Press A Button 
 Janice Woodward spent 75 minutes trapped with her granddaughter in a lift at her local ASDA store at Portland, Dorset, after health and safety rules stopped staff pushing a button to rescue them according to … 
 EU's Top Eurofederalist admits EU wants an empire 
 We Were Right Again - Immigrants Are Keeping British People Out Of Jobs 
 A British worker is “displaced” from the jobs market for every four immigrants from nations outside the EU, the Migration Advisory Committee (MAC) has revealed. The new report, published yesterday is the first official admission of the impact immigration has on British workers and the economy It showed migrants have been keeping resident workers out of jobs for many years. Jobseekers have long been aware that when they … 
 New EU bureaucratic control freakery destroys British Jobs 
British Workers To Lose Jobs Under New Rules 
 Almost 30,000 young British workers will lose their jobs because of new European Union employment rules due to take force this week, Europe watcher report. Open Europe, a consultancy firm specialising in European regulatory compliance said the Agency Workers’ Directive (AWD) could put 28,000 young workers’ contracts at risk by making the temporary staff, employed on short term contracts, too expensive to … 
 Creating Wealth 
 Politicians talk about encouraging entrepreneurs to create wealth,provide jobs and revitalise zombie economies. But entrepreneurs do not create wealh, they move money and goods around. Only the banks and the finance industry can create the wealth that drives the economy. Bankers do this by using asset values as collaterlal for loans. Learn how the system works and how it failed …. 
 
Number Of Jobless Falls But Are Figures True? 
The total number of unemployed people decreased by 17,000 in the three months to February, according to official figures. The official number unemployed, based on those claiming jobseekers allowance stands at 2.48m. The drop was greater than the 4,000 decrease expected. The unemployment rate for all age groups also fell unexpectedly by 0.1% to 7.8%. 
 
Hopes Of Recovery Raised By New Job Figures 
Stock Markets and business confidence in the USA received a boost yesterday when it was revealed employers in the private sector hired 230,000 people in March, building on the 240,000 staff taken on in February. It was the best back-to-back growth in new hirings since early 2006 and proved enough to drive stock markets higher in London, Freankfurt and Paris as well as New York. Unemployment has so far been the Achilles heel of the US recovery, but the latest figures suggest an upturn in … [  Read all  ] 
 Councils Still Creating Non Jobs 
As Coalition ministers strive to find ways of cutting Britain's crippling public sector deficit, Labour councils are still creating 'non - jobs', positions crreated to appease politically correct prejudices, service the vanity of executives and elected officials and buy votes from minoroties. We look at the nature of some non jobs taxpayers are funding … 
 1 Comment 
 France's General Strike Holds Past Le Weekend 
 December 9, 2019December 12, 2019   greenteeth   europe ,  Jobs, employment ,  society   eu ,  france ,  government ,  macron ,  pensions ,  protest 
 France is never far from the news these days for alt_news sites like this one. As we watch the European Union unravel as a result of policies imposed on member states aimed at turn 28 (soon to be 27) member states into a single, federal bureaucratic dictatorship run by a committee of faceless civil servants in Brussels, there is a mobid fascination in seeing hoe the three most rabidly federalist and politically correct members, Germany, France and Sweden fall apart as a result of governments' embracing EU globalist politicies ahead of addressing the needs of their own nations. 
 Paris was once again at a near standstill on Monday as the general strike called by unionists and activist groups to protest against the reforms to the pension system planned by the government of President Macron, which unions and economists say would leave pensioned in poverty,  closed communter line trains, buses and subways  for a fifth day. 
 Macron, a deeply unpopular president from the beginning of his term of office, faces one of the toughest weeks yet of his presidency, that has already seen France rocked by terrorist attacks and life disrupted by the "Yellow Vests" protests against high taxes and EU immigration policies. Now his government's planned redesign of the complex French pension system is in danger as prolonged civil unrest could force withdrawal of the policy. 
 Macron and his advisers failed to foresee the problems likely to result from combining 42 different retirement plans into one capable of delivering a more equitable, financially sustainable system. Unions claiim the move s an attack on the French way of life even though the government does not plan to change the current retirement age of 62 at this time. 
 With people living longer it is inevitable the retirement age must rose at some point. 
 The SNCF national rail network warned travelers to stay home or use “alternative means of locomotion” to get around Monday instead of thronging platforms in hopes of getting the few available trains running. Mysteriously, they cited safety concerns as justification for their advice rather than admitting few trains would be running. 
 Because of the lack of trains and other forms of public transport, he national road authority reported more than 600 kilometers (360 miles) of traffic jams at morning rush hour around the Paris region – up from 150 kilometers (90 miles) on an average day. 
 Traffic problems were worse on Monday than when the strike started last week, because many French employees managed to work from home for a couple of days or take time off. But businesses cannot continue to run on that basis for long if the strike continues. 
 Gabriella Micuci, an office worker from the Paris suburb of Le Bourget, walked several kilometers in cold rain before reaching a station on one of the two Metro (subway) lines that are automated and don’t need drivers. Other commuters used bikes or electric scooters. 
 “I left home earlier than usual, I thought I was going to be able to catch an early train but not at all,” Micuci told The Associated Press. “It´s a real catastrophe, people are becoming even more violent, they are pushing you.” 
 Encouraged by the biggest nationwide protests in decades, unions plan renewed protests on Tuesday and hope to keep up the pressure on Macron’s government to withdraw the retirement reforms. 
 Macron summoned Prime Minister Edouard Philippe and other top officials to a summit meeting on Sunday night to create a strategy for dealing with the crisis. 
 The prime minister will reveal the government’s plan on Wednesday, but this is only expected to urge people to defer retirement. 
 The reform is central to Macron’s vision of transforming the French economy though considering his open doors immigartion policy which has seen unskilled, illiterate migrants flood into the country, what he plans to transform it into is unclear, a fairy princess maybe?. Government ministers insist the current system is unfair and financially unsustainable, while unions say the reform undercuts worker rights and will force people to work longer for less. Macron's main political opponent, Eurosceptic Marine Le Pen, and her Rassemblement National party point out that the immigration policy is unfair and financially unsustainable. 
 Seeking to head off public anger, Macron asked veteran politician Jean-Paul Delevoye to hold months of meetings with workers, employers and others to come up with recommendations for France’s new retirement plan. Delevoye is presenting his conclusions to unions on Monday. A similar exercise of colsultations at grass roots level with Yellow Vest protestors only served to deepen the division between the ruling elite and the people. 
 RELATED POSTS: 
 **General Strike brings France To Standstill As Nation Protests Macron Policies ** 
Today, in response to calls by unions and activist groups for a nationwide strike, public workers across the country stayed home on Thursday, immobilizing public transit across the country as the first general strike in more than 20 years began. 
The main reason for the walkout was President Emmanuel Macron’s pension reforms (not unlike how a planned – then scrapped – gas tax hike sparked the gilets jaunes)… 
 Macron Threatens G20 On Climate Then Backs Off 
France's boy president and current climate scaremonger in chief and leading European federalist Emmanuel Macron arrived in Japan for the G-20 summit full of sound and fury, which like the stuff of Macbeth's soliloquy in Shakespeare's play turned out to signify nothing.France's boy president and current climate scaremonger in chief and leading European federalist Emmanuel Macron arrived in Japan for the G-20 summit full of sound and fury, which like the stuff of Macbeth's soliloquy in Shakespeare's play turned out to signify nothing. 
 Residents Of Paris Suburb With Migrant Ghetto Feel ‘Abandoned’ as Crime Surges 
In the areas where [ migrants ] have congregated, usually places with a surfeit of run down municipal housing the lawless behaviour in the migrant communities is causing problems for French people. Despite promises from government to increase police presence, residents of the 18th arrondissement of Paris say they feel abandoned as crime rises in the area. 
 
 bYellow Vest Violence Erupts Again, 23rd Straight week Of Protests 
Clashes between Gilets Jaunes (Yellow Vest) protesters and French riot police on Sturday (20 April,)during the 23rd straight week of protests across France. Police arrested 137 protesters  Euro News reports . 
 [ Slash taxes now, French tells Macron after three-month 'great debate' 
 France must slash taxes now, or face ongoing civil unrest. According to the French prime minister, this is the main message from an unprecedented three-month “great debate” in the wake of anti-government “yellow vest” protests. Announcing publication of the findings from two million online contributions and 10,000 hours of town hall debates around the country, Edouard Philippe said on Monday there was “huge discontent” in the country. Astronomical levels of taxation was one of the prime concerns, alongside unemployment, immigration, and surrender of national sovereignty to the European Union. 
 Macron Isolated After More High Profile Resignations. Pressure Mounts On French President 
On top of the Yellow Vests debacle, which is now destabilising France as the anti - government protests continue, a string of resignations from the tottering government of President Emmanuel Macron has prompted Gérard Larcher, leader of the French Senate to warn Macron that his authoritarian tendencies were partly to blame for the civil unrest crisis and political instability that have weakened his presidency. 
 Ghosts Of ’68 Threaten Macron’s Technocratic Dream. 
The idealistic hope that mass protests and civil disobedience could trigger real social change met with some success in the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries but looked to have died after the USA’s 1960s civil rights movement and anti – war protests. The recent mass demonstrations of Frane’s gilets jaunes (yellow vests) movement in 2018, a movement …  Continue reading  
 France: Yellow Vests Rampage After Founder Arrested 
 
 Latest Posts 
 
 5 January, 2019 
Violence has erupted across France once again, days after French authorities arrested a key organizer of the Gilets Jaunes (Yellow Vest) movement. After today’s protests began peacefully the Paris police once again used riot busting tactics, attacking the yellow vested demonstraters with teargas and batons as protesters began to get noisy during the so-called ‘Act VIII” …  Continue reading  
 France’s yellow vest revolt against Macron will cause huge headache in 2019 
 December 26, 2018   europe ,  society ,  Uncategorized   brussels ,  europe ,  france ,  macron ,  yellow vest 
 Since the first incarnation of the EU an The Common Market, FRANCE has always been considered one of the bastions of European stability and a poster state for financial and political integration among European Union countries. But former Goldman Sachs banker Emmanuel Macron has thrown both France’s position as Germany’s chief sidekick and the dream …  Continue reading  
 Germany and France furious after UK joins EU nations to BLOCK bid to dominate technology industry 
 December 21, 2018   Uncategorized 
 BRITAIN has teamed up with the Netherlands, Belgium and Spain to block electrical and electronic engineering giants Alstom and Siemens from creating a mega Franco-German corporation to dominate European tech industry. Siemens and Alstom agreed last year to merge certain operations, creating a company with £13.5million (€15billion euros) in revenue and a workforce of 62,000. …  Continue reading 
 Yellow Vests block Major Roads, Cause Transport Chaos In France 
 December 20, 2018   europe ,  society   cars ,  france ,  Roads ,  transport ,  yellow vests 
 Reuters reports French “yellow vest” protesters wreaked havoc with road transport on Tuesday by occupying autoroute toll booths and even torching some of them. France’s biggest toll road operator, Vinci Autoroutes , said there were demonstrations at 40 of its sites and that several highway intersections had been heavily damaged, mainly in southern of France. …  Continue reading  
 More Woe For France’s Macron,Now Gilets Jaunes Joined By Gilets Bleus 
 December 19, 2018   Uncategorized 
 Paris Workers Day Riots (Picture: Zero Hedge) 
 Leave a comment 
 Uber Launches Anti - discrimination app in UK and France 
 November 17, 2019   greenteeth   internet ,  Jobs, employment ,  technology   abuse ,  crime ,  discrimination ,  law ,  uber 
 Uber in France has joined the British branch of the company in introducing a new anti-discrimination button on its popular ride-sharing app 
 The option, listed in the “help” section of the app, allows customers to report drivers if they feel have been the target of verbal or physical abuse, discrimination or prejudice based on gender, sexual orientation, religious affiliation, or disability, French newspaper  Le Parisien   reports . 
 A 20-year-old man in France told the newspaper that he needed such an option last weekend after a poor experience with an Uber driver in Rennes. 
 “I summoned an Uber cab after a party. I was with my friend and we had a very banal conversation with the driver when he suddenly asked us: are you married? We answered: no. Then, he added: you are in a relationship? We said yes,” the complainant said. 
 “He became hyper-aggressive and asked us to get out of his car. It was the first time that it had happened to me. I did not want a problem, we went out and we had to finish the last kilometre of the walk. It was 3 am,” he added. 
 Similar discrimination has been reported in other countries like the United States, where a Palestinian Uber driver was accused of  kicking out  passengers in Los Angeles because they were Jewish. 
 _Actress Frances Barber (pictured with Sir Ian McKellen,) complained that an Uber driver who took her home after this gig told her she was dressed disgustingly (picture pbs.twing.media) 
_ 
 A British woman reported she once got book an Uber cab to a liquor store but the driver refused to allow her to carry alcohol in his car as he said his religion forbade it, (not hard to guess his religion then.) When the woman called the taxi company to.complain they said drivers are self employed so it was up to the driver to decide what he would accept in his car. This is tota! BS. Muslims cant drink alcohol. There is no rule that they can't have it in their cars. 
 While it is positive, though not exactly reassuring, to know that Uber are trying to protect users from discrimination, the do not appear to be doing much to protect fare paying passengers from crime. It is widely known in Europe, the USA and elsewhere that a common practice among Uber drivers is to accept payment from 'guest drivers' to operate a vehicle while the registered driver takes time off. Neither passengers, the company, nor regulatory authorities have any way of knowing who these people are or if they are qualified and adequately insured to dive fare paying passengers. And that does not even consider the possibility that convicted criminals are posing as legitimate cab drivers. 
 Meanwhile Uber itself continues to  burn investors money  while also continuing to ride roughshod over local public transport laws and regulations, by claiming it is not a taxi cab operator but merely a platform that puts people needing rides in tough with people offering rides. However, the lawmakers are catching up. Uber is facing massive fines and tax penalties in the  USA  and  EU , is banned from  certain counties . 
 Uber is just one example of how the internet has enabled and facilitated crime.The third world invasion of European and North American nations has been helped by the internet as much as by politically correct politics and globalist dominated media. Fraudsters, scammers, paedos, dating site liars and former Nigerian government officials needing help liberating their money have all benefitted from the anonymity provided by the web. 
 Criminals have always been around but the internet has made it easier and faster to steal money. The various apps accessible from your own phone, the tracking software used by Goggle, Facebook, Apple, Microsoft etc. have made it easier for the criminals to access personal information and contact individuals on a daily basis. But that's another article. 
 RELATED POSTS: 
 London’s Black Cab Drivers Take On Uber Cancer 
 Technology rules you 
[London Black Cab Drivers Take On Uber Cancer](London’s Black Cab Drivers Take On Uber Cancer) 
 After Leaked video Of Adolescent Idiocy Uber’s CEO Wants You To Know He Needs To “Grow Up” 
 As Uber Implodes Are Unicorns An Endangered Species? 
 The Daily Stirrer 
 1 Comment 
 Paris brought to a standstill by anti-Macron transport protests 
 September 14, 2019September 14, 2019   greenteeth   europe ,  Jobs, employment   france ,  macron ,  paris ,  pension ,  protest ,  strike ,  transport  By  Arthur Lyons , Voice of Europe - 13 September 2019  
 On Friday, public transport workers in Paris staged a coordinated walk-out against Macron’s planned pension former which caused the worst disturbance to the French capital’s public transport network in more than a decade. 
 The strike represents the first major action taken against President Macron’s plan to standardized ‘universal’ pension system. The plan would see one single points-based pension system created out of the 42 different systems which currently are in place right now, the Local  reports . 
 Massive traffic jams and large crowds waiting at the platforms with at least a few lines still working were both triggered by the protest. 
 READ MORE >>>   Greenteeth Posts on France 
 Yellow Vests Week 43: Tensions Escalate Again As France’s Protests Continue 
 The Daily Stirrer 
 Recommended reading 
 Greenteeth Digital Publishing   Leave a comment 
 Green Hysteria Is Destroying German Economy 
 September 11, 2019   greenteeth   Jobs, employment ,  trade and industry   car ,  climate ,  economy ,  germany ,  green ,  manufacturing ,  recession 
 Car making is Germany 's biggest earner (picture: Wikimedia commons) 
 This blog has reported many times that the mighty German economy is heading into trouble because it's political elite, led by wannabe saint Angela Merkel is more concerned with climate change scaremongering and importing millions of illiterate, unemployable their world migrants in an orgy of virtue signalling. 
 The bigest single industrial sector in the German economy, automobile manufacturing, currently acts as the real engine driving the country’s economy, but as taxes rse to support a burgeoning welfare bill, and sales plummet due to the pomotion of expensive, inefficient and, it has to be said, incredibly dirty electric cars, it looks as if the situation may be in fora dramatic change for the worse according to new report from economists Matthias Weik and Marc Friedrich in a commentary at the online news portal of the  Deutsche Mittelstands Nachrichten  (German Midsize Companies News – DMN). 
 This blog would not normally advise readers to take not of economists' speculations but in this case their conclusions coincide with the opinions of a number of hard headed businessmen who see trouble ahead for the economic powerhouse that propos up the European Union. 
 Weik and Friedrich base their view of the economic direction of the German economy and how it is seriously threatened by the country’s obsession with climate considerations based on very dodgy science, and an irrational policy of opening the borders to all arrivals from third world nations, and how policymakers are neglecting key industries on evidence that Germany's ruling elite are unduly influenced by certain left leaning academics whose thinking is heavily influenced by the so called Cultural Marxism of The Frankfurt Schoool of twentieth century econopmics. 
 Weik and Friedrich say German politicians have been naive and too easily influenced by noisy minorities and attention seeking scientists and in their panic to save the planet from an alleged climate meltdown have, in the process of ruined the German economy. 
 “Everybody is talking about the climate, yet no one is talking about the economic climate,” Weik and Friedrich say. in common with many investment managers and industrialists, the two economists warn of a coming recession, one that will be “hard as nails” as the green activist and Social Justice Warrior onslaught on western, and particularly German industry intensifies. 
 According to the Weik and Friedrich, already “the seasonally adjusted and real order intake of German industry fell by 8.6 percent compared to the same month last year! For the tenth month in a row, it is going down!” So while the government and the Bundesbank juggle figures frantically, in fact Germany is already technically in recession. (The usual measure for growth / recession is GDP but when a government pumps €billions into the economy so it can hand out massive benefits to immigrants, which they spend in the economy, the resulting 'growth' is illusory. 
 “Companies such as Deutsche Bank, BASF, Bayer, Siemens, Thyssen, Ford have begun “massive job cuts or announced plans to do so in anticipation of the hard times ahead.” 
 The authors say that words, such as “unemployment” and “layoffs”, will soon be dominating the media and that “no one will talk about the shortage of skilled workers anymore, let alone climate change”. 
 The consequences of a major recession in manufacturing would send economic shock waves not through Germany but also throughout the European Union (EU) which massively relies on revenues generated by the German automotive industry, as has been well documented for years. 
 Weik and Friedrich write that Germany’s green and globalist policies have “negligently gambled away” prosperity and that the “coming climate change in the economy will nip all irrelevant sham debates in the bud.” 
 They add: “The heated discussions and hysteria are a sign of the famous late Roman decadence and a warning sign of the crash. For many who demonstrate today, there will be no jobs in Germany tomorrow.” 
 RELATED POSTS: 
 More on Germany 
 Germany: Economy crisis a growth stalls – car production crashes 
 Germany’s Green Energy Flops While Global Fossil Fuels Boom… 
 Europe index 
 Jobs and employment 
 Economy, sustainability 
 German economic crisis: industrial output plunges to ‘disaster’ level 
 1 Comment 
 Yellow Vests Week 43: Tensions Escalate Again As France's Protests Continue 
 September 8, 2019September 9, 2019   greenteeth   europe ,  Jobs, employment ,  society ,  Uncategorized   europe ,  france ,  macron ,  protest ,  taxes ,  yellow vests 
 For the Yellow Vests movement in France, September 7th was billed as a come back from the summer break when there has been a lull in activity. France traditionally comes to a near standstill in August each year as the French head off on their annual vacation, and the protest movement was no exception. 
 Unpopular French President Emmanuel Macron tried to take political advantage of this distraction to advance one of his many unpopular policies, pension reform plans that will create a single national pension system with higher contributions for individual taxpayers and lower ones for business, thus stoking up the potential for an escalation of protests to the levels witnessed earlier in the year. 
 Former investment banker Macron is not trusted on the pension issue by 70 percent of the population according to polls and his plan is seen as a ruse to lift the retirement age to 64 from 62 and a continuation of broader policies to tax workers more to pay for the welfare state while cutting taxes for business and wealthy individuals in the name of economic stimulation and competitiveness in the world economy. 
 The vehicle fuel taxes that triggered the fist protests last year were ostensibly "green" but in effect they served the same purpose of relieving the tax burden on business and shifting it onto the general population. 
 The notion that business comes before environmental concerns reinforced by word going into the Newsdump Weekend that pesticide use in France will be allowed within distances ranging between 15 and 30 feet of schools and homes. Environmental activists and the EELV environmentalist party expressing their opposition to the plans. Such policies have destroyed Marcon's credibility as they contradict his pretence to be heading a 'green' government, having made grandiose but unachievable promises to phase out petroleum and diesel vehicles and make France a net zero emissions economy by 2040. 
 Thousands took to the streets of France to protest today, not in the huge numbers at the height of the movement in the early months, but significantly up on recent weeks. 
 Demonstrations took place in Paris, Bordeaux, Montpellier and Rouen as part of Yellow Vests' "Act 43" rally. In some cities, particularly Montpellier, the protests turned violent with clashes between the participants and riot police. Violence was also reported in Rouen. 
 "The demonstrators threw projectiles on the police as protests continued into the night. Summations were made and there was the use of tear gas in response to the throwing of projectiles, the protesters were rejected and returned outside the perimeter," the sub-prefect of permanence, Jean-Éric Winckler, said as quoted by AFP. 
 Yellow Vests protestors in Rouen (picture:  http://www.chb44.com  ) 
 ​In Montpellier, between 1,500 and 3,000 people took part in the rally, with clashes also reported near the city's station. According to AFP, some of the protesters fired projectiles, prompting the police to use tear gas. 
 Protestors in Montpellier use umbrellas as makeshift shields (Picture: Daily Mail ) 
 Some incidents and clashes were also reported in Lille, where more than 600 protesters took part in the rally (according to a police source), while the Yellow Vests say the number of demonstrators there stood at 1,500. 
 Meanwhile, during a rally in Paris, an emblematic figure of the Yellow Vests movement, Éric Drouet, was fined twice "for organizing an undeclared event" and was ordered to leave the perimeter. 
 ** MORE ON FRANCE 
** 
 Macron admits Yellow Vest chaos COULD be his fault — ‘I made MISTAKES’ 
 Macron Moves Against yellow Vests, Bans Protests In Neighborhoods With “Ultra” Radicals 
 1 Comment 
 Ghosts Of '68 Threaten Macron's Technocratic Dream. 
 January 16, 2019July 15, 2019   greenteeth   Jobs, employment ,  politically correct ,  society   authoritarianism ,  elites ,  fascism ,  france ,  gilets jaunes ,  macron ,  protest ,  working class ,  yellow vests 
 The idealistic hope that mass protests and civil disobedience could trigger real social change met with some success in the nineteenth and early twentieth centuries but looked to have died after the USA 's 1960s civil rights movement and anti - war protests.  The recent mass demonstrations of Frane's  gilets jaunes  (yellow vests) movement in 2018, a movement which has spread to Netherlands, Belgium, Austria, Britain, Italy, Sweden and Canada looks to have resurrected this style of political activism. 
 The yellow vest movement is not idologically fuelled as protests from the 1920s to 1960s were; it's fueled by desperation and what Francis Fukuyama in a recent essay (   Against Identity Politics  (  Foreign Affairs  , Sept/Oct. 2018) ,termed the working classes' "perception of invisibility" a view echoed by French geographer / author Christophe Guilluy who said that "the French people are using the gilets jaunes to say  we exist.  "  Unstoppable": Christophe Guilluy on the cultural divide driving the yellow vests  (via Arshad A.) 
 
 " Not only does peripheral France fare badly in the modern economy, it is also culturally misunderstood by the elite. The yellow-vest movement is a truly 21st-century movement in that it is cultural as well as political. Cultural validation is extremely important in our era. 
 One illustration of this cultural divide is that most modern, progressive social movements and protests are quickly endorsed by celebrities, actors, the media and the intellectuals. But none of them approve of the gilets jaunes. Their emergence has caused a kind of psychological shock to the cultural establishment. It is exactly the same shock that the British elites experienced with the Brexit vote and that they are still experiencing now, three years later. " 
 
 The author expands on how the working-classes have come to be excluded? 
 
 _ "All the growth and dynamism is in the major cities, but people cannot just move there. The cities are inaccessible, particularly thanks to mounting housing costs. The big cities today are like medieval citadels. It is like we are going back to the city-states of the Middle Ages. Funnily enough, Paris is going to start charging people for entry, just like the excise duties you used to have to pay to enter a town in the Middle Ages._ 
 The cities themselves have become very unequal, too. The Parisian economy needs executives and qualified professionals. It also needs workers, predominantly immigrants, for the construction industry and catering et cetera. Business relies on this very specific demographic mix. The problem is that ‘the people’ outside of this still exist. In fact, ‘Peripheral France’ actually encompasses the majority of French people. " 
 
 And the role the liberal metropolitan elite played in this? 
 
 We have a new bourgeoisie, but because they are very cool and progressive, it creates the impression that there is no class conflict anymore. It is really difficult to oppose the hipsters when they say they care about the poor and about minorities. 
 But actually, they are very much complicit in relegating the working classes to the sidelines. Not only do they benefit enormously from the globalised economy, but they have also produced a dominant cultural discourse which ostracises working-class people. 
 The middle-class reaction to the yellow vests has been telling. Immediately, the protesters were denounced as xenophobes, anti-Semites and homophobes. The elites present themselves as anti-fascist and anti-racist but this is merely a way of defending their class interests. It is the only argument they can muster to defend their status, but it is not working anymore. 
 Now the elites are afraid. For the first time, there is a movement which cannot be controlled through the normal political mechanisms. The gilets jaunes didn’t emerge from the trade unions or the political parties. It cannot be stopped. There is no ‘off’ button. Either the intelligentsia will be forced to properly acknowledge the existence of these people, or they will have to opt for a kind of soft totalitarianism. " 
 
 **By mobilizing 80,000 heavily armed "security forces" in an unsuccessful attempt to suppress dissent, as President Macron has, **looks more like hard authoritarianism than soft totalitarianism. The boy Macron has of course tried to justify his heavy handed response by a fatuously claiming he has a duty to defend "the social order," i.e. to maintain the domination of the ruling elite. 
 But the French elites are discovering the unsettling reality that it's impossible to defend  every traffic-speed camera , every bank, etc. from sabotage and that their working class challengers are smart enough to know this. I've often finished article calling for civil action against authoritarianism with the line, "THEY CAN'T PUT US ALL IN PRISON." It is intended as a warning to those who would control society, rather than an exhortation to those who challenge authority. 
 The class analysis of the current crisis  shows a reversal of polarity from the 1968 general strike of elite students and labor unions. Fifty years ago, the students of the elite universities, in an orgy of virtue signalling (the left never changes though they scream for change,) lent their support to the trade unions and this combination nearly toppled the government with a general strike. 
 Now, students of the elite Paris universities, brainwashed with politically correct ideology on gay and trans rights, the desirability of mass immigration and the duty of nanny state to micromanage our private lives, are supporters of the technocrat elite, as the most fervent hope of most of these students is to nail down a position in a government department or QANGO, jobs which are threatened by the yellow vest dissenters. 
 The labor unions are also missing in action, as they are now adjuncts of the ruling elites, feeding at the same trough of tax revenues and corporate globalization-financialization profits and promoting the same policies that are damaging to working class living standards and social mobility: mass immigration, globasisation (which the working class recognise as exporting jobs,) Islamification of society, erosion of national sovereignty and cultural values and so on. 
 The  gilets jaunes  / yellow vests are a working class revolt against the elites, who like medieval aristocrats, regard the "lower orders" as stupid, infantile and in need of paternalistic guidance, and those among the working and lower middle class who identify with the elites:  the pseudo-progressive hipsters, the aspiring technocrats and the comfortably secure state employees, all of whom are now on the elite side of the barricades. 
 The Paris elites and their enablers may find that the next general strike won 't immobilize Paris, it will strangle Paris from the periphery.  The unions which were on the democratic side of the barricades 50 years ago may find their identification with the ruling elite challenged, and they'll be forced to either remember their roots and side with the authentic working class (yellow vests) in a general strike or throw their support behind the undemocratic technocrats like Marcon and those in his administration, who planned to run France for the benefit of their own caste, the university educated, progressive liberal, globalist, soft left. 
 The quasi-progressives claim to be anti-fascist but are themselves the anti-working class fascists (Beniot Mussolini defined fascism as the collaboration of state and corporate business to exercise absolute power,) and are not appreciating the fact that the 'stupid working class oiks' of the Yellow Vest movement are exposing their self-serving hypocrisy. Like the US liberals of the early twentieth century, they are all for civil rights "so long as the niggers don't leave the plantation." 
 Here"s a news snippet that encapsulates exactly what is wrong with the way Marcon and his elitist cronies are trying to handle the crisis. _ "On Tuesday, the person picked to lead the country's planned "great debate" on the issues resigned over her €14,666 monthly salary (£13,200; $16,800)"_ which is $200,000 annually, roughly seven or eight times the average worker's salary. 
 Now what kind of plonker would put an academic who already has a well paid position  in charge of establishing dialogue with truck drivers, factory workers and labourers who, thanks to elitist policies, are stuggling to make ends meet. That's the kind of insensitivity responsible for triggering the anger that drives the protests, an illustration of class division in a nutshell.  The fake-progressive technocrats are skimming $200,000 a year to defend an indefensible undemocratic neofeudal system of exploitation that handsomely benefits the few at the expense of the many. And the hypocrites call Marcon's opponent Marine Le Pen "far right." Bollocks. 
 **RELATED POSTS: 
 French police drag Yellow Vest “protesters” away from Bastille Day parade as they jeer Macron 
As Mr Macron was riding by at the start of the parade, he was greeted by people in the crowds who turned their backs, booed and whistled. Before the parade, he delivered a message to the French people and said he wanted to highlight France’s “irrevocable commitment to consolidate French and European security”. 
 Democracy mid life crisis (comment) 
** 
 5 Comments 
 German car industry faces 'existential threat' from political attack and electric vehicles 
 October 17, 2018   greenteeth   Jobs, employment ,  trade and industry   car ,  electric ,  germany ,  industry 
 by Ambrose Evans Pritchard, Daily Telegraph 
16 October 2018 • 6:50pm 
 Germany’s car manufacturers face an existential crisis and risk going the way of Britain’s once-mighty car industry within ten years, Volkswagen has warned in the grimmest assessment to date. 
 Herbert Diess, the company’s chief executive, said Germany is not ready for the revolutionary effects of the electric vehicle and is under political assault from those challenging the whole concept of car ownership and mobility. 
 He told VW suppliers gathered in Wolfsburg - the sanctum sanctorum of German auto preeminence - that the sector is under a competitive threat of the first order and must embrace root-and-branch reform to survive. “Nothing is guaranteed for eternity,” he  said . 
 “If you look at the former bastions of the auto industry such as Detroit, Oxford-Cowley, or Turin, you can see what happens to cities once their dominant companies and industries falter,” he said. 
 “As things stand today, the chances are perhaps 50:50 that the German car industry will remain at the pinnacle of the world in ten years,” he said. 
 READ MORE>>> 
 Leave a comment 
 Former McDonalds CEO Warns Minimum Wage "Will Wipe Out 1000s Of Jobs" 
 April 29, 2016April 29, 2016   greenteeth   Jobs, employment ,  society ,  trade and industry   america ,  fast food ,  food ,  labour ,  obama ,  wages ,  work 
 by Arthur Foxake 
 This blog is not a big fan of McDonald's, their food does not appeal to us and their business practices are appalling. but they have been a very successful business over the past 50 years and so when a former CEO speaks out against one of the left's great sacred cows, the minimum wage. 
 For some reason that can only be related to their economic illiteracy, the left; USA's Democratic Party, UK's Labour Party and Europes Social Democratic parties seem to think the imposition of a minimum wage must improve the lot of 'the poor'. 
 Nothing could be further from the truth, we have written on the  negative effect of minimum wage laws  on the income of low wage workers. The first minimum wage scheme, The Speenhamland Poor Relief System, introduced in the late eighteenth century in England was disastrous for the people it was supposed to help. Faced with having to pay a legal minimum hourly rate, employers simply cut workers hours. Things are no different now, as  former McDonalds chief Ed Rensi explained in a Forbes op - ed recently : 
 (While his words might shock the big government worshipping, Nanny State tit suckling 'progessives' should be no surprise to any rational businessman or accountant.) 
 "A $15 minimum wage won’t spell the end of [fast-food brands]. However it will mean wiping out thousands of entry-level opportunities for people without many other options." The $15 minimum wage demand, which translates to $30,000 a year for a full-time employee, is built upon a fundamental misunderstanding of a restaurant business (and we add simple supply and demand fundamentals) - just "do the math" Rensi rants… 
 “They’re making millions while millions can’t pay their bills,” argue the union groups, suggesting there’s plenty of profit left over in corporate coffers to fund a massive pay increase at the bottom. 
 In truth, nearly 90% of McDonald’s locations are independently-owned by franchisees who aren’t making “millions” in profit. Rather, they keep roughly six cents of each sales dollar after paying for food, staff costs, rent and other expenses. 
 Let’s do the math: A typical franchisee sells about $2.6 million worth of burgers, fries, shakes and Happy Meals each year, leaving them with $156,000 in profit. If that franchisee has 15 part-time employees on staff earning minimum wage, a $15 hourly pay requirement eats up three-quarters of their profitability. (In reality, the costs will be much higher, as the company will have to fund raises further up the pay scale.) For some locations, a $15 minimum wage wipes out their entire profit. 
 Recouping those costs isn’t as simple as raising prices. If it were easy to add big price increases to a meal, it would have already been done without a wage hike to trigger it. In the real world, our industry customers are notoriously sensitive to price increases. (If you’re a McDonald’s regular, there’s a reason you gravitate towards an extra-value meal or the dollar menu.) 
 Instead, franchisees can absorb the cost with a change that customers don’t mind: The substitution of a self-service computer kiosk for a a full-service employee. 
 Rensi concludes on a sombre note… 
 I suspect that the labor organizers behind this campaign for a $15 minimum wage are less interested in helping employees, and more interested in helping themselves to dues money from their paycheck. 
 They’re unlikely to succeed in their goal of organizing the employees of McDonald’s franchisees, but they may well succeed in passing $15 into law in other sympathetic locales. 
 You’ll see their legacy every time you visit the Golden Arches, where “would you like fries with that” is a button on a computer screen rather than a phrase spoken by an employee in their first job. 
 While Mr. Reni is referring specifically to a familiar situation at McDonalds, similar things will happen in other businesses and industries. A business can only survive if it pays what the job is worth. And what the job is worth must be dictated by market rules and not by Barack Hussein Obama, Killary Clinton and their elitist cronies. 
 Unsurprisingly, while governments are prepared to condem the children and grandchildren of their own nationals to the gringing poverty of part time work and zero hours contracts, there are some groups who have contributed nothing to society and in many cases have no legal right to be in the country, for whom special arrangements are made 
 Denmark Gives Large Bonuses To Get Migrants To Work - How Is That Fair To Danes 
 ](http://www.greenteethmm,com/2019-april.shtml'190408-france) 
 In a move that tells us much about what is wrong with the politically correct Culturalk Marxism that dominated European politics, the government of Denmark has announced a plan to persuade migrants to work for a living instead of claiming state handouts by offering companies 40,000 kroner to hire them. 
 This new plan for migrants is part of the ‘integration basic education’ plan that hopes to get migrants working so they are not as huge a drain in the Danish welfare system as they are becoming more and more in places like Germany and Austria. It is difficult to see any logic behind that, surely it is no more expensive to pay out doles than to employ people who have no skills and cannot speak the national lanugage to do nothing. How many office cleaners and kebab stuffers does a sma;; country like Denmark need? 
 The programme announcement follows the leaking to Danish media of figures showing non-Western migrants made up a startling 84 per cent of all Danes on welfare. Migrants currently cost the government  around 1.1 billion pounds  every year. 
 TheLocal.dk  reports the new programme aims to get migrants into short-term jobs at an apprentice salary of around 50 to 120 kroner an hour. This is the equivalent of around 12 pounds an hour which is almost double the current wage for British apprentices who are paid the legal minimum wage of £6.70 an hour, although that will increase to £7.20 in April. 
 The migrant jobs will last up to two years and they will also be offered 20 week courses to increase their skill development and further their education. The companies that participate in the scheme will also be eligible for a bonus of 40,000 kroner (£4,179), if the migrants remain employed for the two-year term of the contract. 
 The Danes will also pay for accommodation for the migrants who take part, making sure that they are able to live close to their employer or at least in the same city or town. Relocation and transportation costs will likely also be paid for by the state. 
 This is just another example of the wrong headedness of political elites, it will do nothing to help integrate new immigrants into Danish society, but by sending out the message that foreigners are given special treatment and their interests are prioritised over those of local people it will encourage more to come and thus make the crisis worse. 
 RELATED POSTS: 
 UK Unemployment Rises Again as part time jobs increase. 
 Unemployment in the UK rose by 48,000 in the quarter to December 2011. The figure of people without jobs now stands at 2.67 million, a jobless rate of 8.4 per cent, the worst figure since the end of 1995. The number of people claiming Jobseeker's Allowance rose by … 
 Globalisation can work, but only with a unified international plan says Will Hutton. WRONG!We need global economic and social institutions working across national borders economist Will Hutton who now appears to have been re educated and started working for The New World Order argued recently. If only it were that simple. Unfortunately globalization is the enemy not the trigger of the kind of economic recovery we need. 
 No Jobs For The Masses In The New Economy Despite University EducationNo matter how leaders like David Cameron and Barack Obama try to talk up their economies or assure voters the jobs market is improving, growth returning and unemployment will soon start falling, the truth is change does not equal progress and forcing the pace of social change has only masked the true depth of economic and social problems. One of these is unemployment and particularly joblessness among the young. Even a universdity education does not provide a guaranteed career path. 
 The 99ers: Death Of The American Dream. 
The 99ers are a new social class created by the economic recession in the USA. This new demographic, not one the advertizing industry will be interested in are jobless people whose unemployment benefit (job sekers in UK parlance) benefit has run out and thus who have dropped off the unemployment statistics. But even for people who are not 99ers times are hard scross the pond … 
 Armageddon 
 No Real Jobs In New Economy 
 Bitter Fruit 
 A Future Of Medieval Serfdom 
 Magic Money 
 Elsewhere: [  The Original Boggart Blog ] …   Daily Stirrer  …[ Little Nicky Machiavelli ]… [  Ian's Authorsden Pages  ]… [ Scribd ]…[ Wikinut ] … [  Boggart Abroad ] … [   Grenteeth Bites  ] …  Ian Thorpe at Flickr  ] … [  Tumblr  ] … [ Ian at Minds  ] … [  Authorsden blog  ] … [ Daily Stirrer News Aggregator ] 
 1 Comment 
 Post navigation 
 <- Older posts 
 Search for: 
 Tags 
 media   televisiÃ³n   education   america   bbc   blair   blog   brexit   britain   brussels   cameron   car   celebrity   children   china   climate   climate change   conservative   conspiracy   covid-19   crime   death   debt   democracy   drink   economy   election   eu   europe   Facebook   food   football   france   germany   google   health   humor   humour   immigration   islam   labour   law   left   leisure   liberal   life   london   music   muslim   news   obama   pandemic   police   politically correct   politics   race   racism   religion   russia   satire   school   science   scientists   sex   sport   sports   sweden   syria   technology   terror   trump   ukip   university   usa   war 
 Blog Archives 
 Blog Archives Select Month January 2021  (24) December 2020  (34) November 2020  (34) October 2020  (34) September 2020  (32) August 2020  (37) July 2020  (40) June 2020  (46) May 2020  (42) April 2020  (36) March 2020  (33) February 2020  (27) January 2020  (26) December 2019  (30) November 2019  (35) October 2019  (18) September 2019  (41) August 2019  (29) July 2019  (27) June 2019  (24) May 2019  (28) April 2019  (21) March 2019  (17) February 2019  (15) January 2019  (30) December 2018  (37) November 2018  (32) October 2018  (44) September 2018  (32) August 2018  (45) July 2018  (37) June 2018  (46) May 2018  (25) April 2018  (28) March 2018  (35) February 2018  (26) January 2018  (13) December 2017  (11) November 2017  (27) October 2017  (18) September 2017  (12) August 2017  (9) July 2017  (13) June 2017  (19) May 2017  (23) April 2017  (23) March 2017  (27) February 2017  (18) January 2017  (25) December 2016  (11) November 2016  (21) October 2016  (18) September 2016  (4) August 2016  (11) July 2016  (14) June 2016  (30) May 2016  (28) April 2016  (30) March 2016  (39) February 2016  (48) January 2016  (40) December 2015  (28) November 2015  (17) October 2015  (13) September 2015  (26) August 2015  (21) July 2015  (26) June 2015  (20) May 2015  (28) April 2015  (38) March 2015  (38) February 2015  (33) January 2015  (39) December 2014  (31) November 2014  (27) October 2014  (37) September 2014  (39) August 2014  (44) July 2014  (41) June 2014  (54) May 2014  (53) April 2014  (63) March 2014  (63) February 2014  (49) January 2014  (53) December 2013  (42) November 2013  (47) October 2013  (56) September 2013  (41) August 2013  (27) July 2013  (37) June 2013  (45) May 2013  (44) April 2013  (52) March 2013  (52) February 2013  (53) January 2013  (45) December 2012  (35) November 2012  (33) October 2012  (38) September 2012  (31) August 2012  (33) July 2012  (36) June 2012  (43) May 2012  (33) April 2012  (32) March 2012  (37) February 2012  (37) January 2012  (38) December 2011  (37) November 2011  (35) October 2011  (36) September 2011  (31) August 2011  (33) July 2011  (34) June 2011  (21) May 2011  (33) April 2011  (30) March 2011  (30) February 2011  (26) January 2011  (33) December 2010  (29) November 2010  (36) October 2010  (32) September 2010  (31) August 2010  (41) July 2010  (42) June 2010  (45) May 2010  (40) April 2010  (55) March 2010  (33) February 2010  (34) January 2010  (34) December 2009  (44) November 2009  (41) October 2009  (42) September 2009  (53) August 2009  (47) July 2009  (46) June 2009  (52) May 2009  (50) April 2009  (41) March 2009  (49) February 2009  (43) January 2009  (56) December 2008  (61) November 2008  (52) October 2008  (52) September 2008  (35) August 2008  (54) July 2008  (46) June 2008  (52) May 2008  (44) April 2008  (39) March 2008  (28) February 2008  (27) January 2008  (34) November 2007  (38) October 2007  (43) September 2007  (35) August 2007  (40) July 2007  (40) June 2007  (28) May 2007  (28) April 2007  (26) March 2007  (28) February 2007  (24) January 2007  (27) December 2006  (31) November 2006  (26) October 2006  (17) September 2006  (27) August 2006  (21) July 2006  (22) June 2006  (19) May 2006  (19) April 2006  (18) March 2006  (11) December 2005  (21) November 2005  (6) October 2005  (2) September 2005  (18) August 2005  (17) July 2005  (30) June 2005  (24) May 2005  (19) 
 Categories 
 
 africa  (9) 
 america  (70) 
 blog  (4) 
 britain  (170) 
 celebrity  (16) 
 conspiracy  (122) 
 crime  (21) 
 cultural marxism  (8) 
 democracy  (60) 
 diversity multiculturalism  (32) 
 education  (26) 
 environment  (9) 
 europe  (314) 
 fear and panic  (42) 
 free speech  (86) 
 health and wellbeing  (115)
 
 coronavirus  (83) 
 
 
 humour  (31) 
 Immigration  (118) 
 internet  (68) 
 jobs  (2) 
 Jobs, employment  (11) 
 middle east  (55) 
 money, finance  (35) 
 nature  (5) 
 new world order  (97) 
 paranormal  (4) 
 politically correct  (130) 
 politics  (7) 
 propaganda  (69) 
 religion and faith  (19) 
 science  (104)
 
 climate  (47) 
 gmo  (2) 
 medicine  (8) 
 
 
 sex  (18) 
 society  (187) 
 technology  (115) 
 terror  (26) 
 trade and industry  (46) 
 Uncategorized  (5,385) 
 usa  (22) 
 weird  (7) 
 World politics and war  (142) 
 
 Join me on Facebook 
 
 Join me on Facebook 
 
   Express 
 
 Jennifer Lopez performance: What did JLo shout in Spanish during song? 
 Kamala Harris trips as she joins President Joe Biden for double inauguration 
 Grow up, Guy! Twitter turns on Verhofstadt over Trump jibe: ‘How old are you, six? 
 Joe Biden speech in FULL - Democrat sworn in as US President 
 UK reports another heartbreaking record deaths with 1,820 - but cases down again 
 [Meghan Markle blasted for 'confusing and tortuous account' in court case hearing](http://feedproxy.google.com/~r/daily-express-news-showbiz/~3/FJ7Mb_MMRu0/Meghan-Markle-news-Duchess-of-Sussex-court-case-Associated-Newspapers-hearing-latest "MEGHAN MARKLE has been blasted for giving a "confusing and tortuous account" during legal proceedings by lawyers representing the Mail on Sunday in their defence in the High Court.") 
 'I love you, Jilly!' Joe Biden in emotional message to wife moments before inauguration  
 Sky News' Adam Boulton caught swearing during live Joe Biden inauguration 
 Furlough extension: Rishi Sunak 'to EXTEND emergency coronavirus payments' beyond April 
 'EU persecution continues!' Britons furious as Barnier handed new Brexit role by Brussels 
 
   Sputnik News 
 
 How Could the UK Curb Pandemic Spread While Having the World's Highest COVID Mortality Rate? 
 Russia Backs Extension of New START for Maximum 5-Year Period, Foreign Ministry Says  
 China Sanctions Mike Pompeo, Peter Navarro, John Bolton, Steve Bannon and 24 Other US Citizens 
 'It's Time for Boldness': Biden Calls on Nation to Unite Against Challenges in First Speech as POTUS 
 ['Patriot Party': How Could Trump Capitalise on His 75-Million Base After Leaving the White House?](https://sputniknews.com/us/202101201081827751-patriot-party-how-could-trump-capitalise-on-his-75-million-base-after-leaving-the-white-house/ "Donald Trump is reportedly considering forming a new "Patriot Party", The Wall Street Journal reported on 19 January, citing people familiar with the matter. US academic Dr Djene R. Bajalan has weighed up the potential party's odds of outpacing Democratic and Republican competitors and upsetting the balance of power in the US.") 
 'Trump Has been the Best President in my Lifetime. He Has Put America First,' Analyst Says 
 Belgian MEP Slams Government’s COVID-19 Vaccination Approach as ‘Really Horrendous’ 
 High Class Care: Silly Golden Retriever Gets Best Massage Ever 
 US Supreme Court Receives Bomb Threat, Building Not Being Evacuated, Statement Reads  
 President Trump Lifts Tariffs on Aluminium Imports From UAE Starting 3 February in Farewell Order 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Authors Den - Ian's Den on this huge resource for writers 
 Boggart Abroad 
 Brexit - the beginning of the end for globalism (omnibus page) 
 Currency Wars omnibus 
 Discover New Voices 
 Get Polling 
 Great Reads 
 Greenteeth Home (parent of all our sites) 
 Ian Thorpe (Greenteeth DP owner) at Medium 
 It's Bollocks My Dears, All Bollocks 
 Learn WordPress.com 
 Theme Showcase 
 WordPress.com News 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Authors Den - Ian's Den on this huge resource for writers 
 Boggart Abroad 
 Brexit - the beginning of the end for globalism (omnibus page) 
 Currency Wars omnibus 
 Discover New Voices 
 Get Polling 
 Great Reads 
 Greenteeth Home (parent of all our sites) 
 Ian Thorpe (Greenteeth DP owner) at Medium 
 It's Bollocks My Dears, All Bollocks 
 Learn WordPress.com 
 Theme Showcase 
 WordPress.com News 
 
 Greenteeth Digital Publishing 
 
 Greenteeth Digital Publishing 
 
 
 
 
  The Original Boggart Blog  
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
