WorkLinkr 
 
 Home 
 About Us 
 Careers 
 Contact Us 
 Login 
 
 WE'RE HIRING 
 Are you a Freethinker, Questioner, Innovator or a person with Creative mindset? 
 If yes, let's work together! 
 Current Openings 
 Meet Our Team 
 Our team is your team.  We get real results by doing things the right way. That means putting quality first, taking ownership of our actions, communicating openly and treating people well in everything we do.Diversity and Inclusion have been a core principle of WorkLinkr and practicing Equal Employment Opportunity has allowed us to have team members from various cultures. 
 Our predominant team members are currently in India; however, we have had occasional temporary interns from North America, Africa and Europe as well. As a global firm that views people as a strategic resource we celebrate the day-to-day amazing achievements of our employees.The Human Resource team at WorkLinkr constantly follows up with team members and understands the work environment experiences through the team members. 
 What we do? 
 We make assessments that are game-based, which test cognitive abilities of job applicants. 
 Our AI based prediction system helps hiring companies, to find the most suitable and talented candidate(s) for the Job. 
 Our Believes 
 Working with us means, working in an environment with open, vibrant, healthy work culture with an emphasis for work autonomy. 
 We Believe in - 
 
 Worthiness 
 Omnipresence 
 Reinventing ourselves 
 Knowledge- seeking 
 Leading 
 Innovation 
 Nimble 
 Kindness 
 Responsibility 
 
 These values resonate with us to guide the way we work in collaboration and solve problems together. 
 Why work with us? 
 Flexible Work Schedule(Work Remotely) 
 We have a flexible work environment that lets you decide when to work - day or night. Our remote work culture lets you have complete control on your work schedule and workplace so you can maintain a better balance between career goals and personal life. This helps you stay more involved and dedicated to work. 
 Room to grow 
 We have different domains like Research, Design and Development, Testing etc. We have various profiles like Developers, Designers, Writers, etc. 
We provide opportunity and support to work for a profile and continue to learn in that domain, for personal career growth. 
Example:You can begin your Design journey and continue to explore and learn Development as well 
 Your Voice Matters 
 We value your ideas and support you to think out-of-the-box. Innovations and ideations matters us alot . We make sure everyone is heard, considered and respected equally. Afterall Individual differences make beautiful connections 
 Interested ? We're Hiring 
 We're always searching for amazing people to join our team.Whether you're fresh out of college or experienced we have various roles for you. 
 For you, we have a host of work from home internships, Part-time or Full-time positions.These jobs are suitable for freshers as well as experienced. 
 Take a look at our current openings 
 Social Media Marketing intern 
 
 Copyright (C) 2020 
 
 Home 
 Contact-Us 
 User-Agreement 
 Privacy-Policy 
 
 User Agreement 
 × 
 Contract 
 When you use our Services you agree to all of these terms. Your use of our Services is also subject to our Privacy policy, which covers how we collect, use, share, and store your personal information. You agree that by clicking “Join Now”, “Join WorkLinkr”, “Sign Up” or similar, registering, accessing or using our services (described below), you are agreeing to enter into a legally binding contract with WorkLinkr (even if you are using our Services on behalf of a company). If you do not agree to this contract (“Contract” or “User Agreement”), do not click “Join Now” (or similar) and do not access or otherwise use any of our Services. If you wish to terminate this contract, at any time you can do so by closing your account and no longer accessing or using our Services. 
 Services 
 This Contract applies to worklinkr.com, WorkLinkr-branded apps, Registered users of our Services are “Members” and unregistered users are “Visitors”. This Contract applies to both Members and Visitors. This Contract applies to Members and Visitors. As a Visitor or Member of our Services, the collection, use and sharing of your personal data is subject to this Privacy Policy and updates. 
 Members & Visitors 
 When you register and join the WorkLinkr Service or become a registered user, you become a Member. If you have chosen not to register for our Services, you may access certain features as a “Visitor.” 
 Change 
 We may make changes to the Contract. We may modify this Contract, our Privacy Policy from time to time. If we make material changes to it, we will provide you notice through our Services, or by other means, to provide you the opportunity to review the changes before they become effective. We agree that changes cannot be retroactive. If you object to any changes, you may close your account. Your continued use of our Services after we publish or send a notice about our changes to these terms means that you are consenting to the updated terms. 
 Payment 
 You’ll honor your payment obligations and you are okay with us storing your payment information. You understand that there may be fees and taxes that are added to our prices. 
 Your Account 
 You will keep your password a secret. You will not share an account with anyone else and will follow our rules and the law. Members are account holders. You agree to: 
 
 try to choose a strong and secure password; 
 keep your password secure and confidential; 
 not transfer any part of your account connections and 
 follow the law and our list of Dos and Don’ts. You are responsible for anything that happens through your account unless you close it or report misuse. 
 
 Notices and Message 
 You’re okay with us providing notices and messages to you through our websites, apps, and contact information. If your contact information is out of date, you may miss out on important notices. 
 Rights & Limits 
 Your License to WorkLinkr. You own all of the content, feedback, and personal information you provide to us, but you also grant us a non-exclusive license to it. You and WorkLinkr agree that we may access, store, process and use any information and personal data that you provide in accordance with the terms of the Privacy Policy and your choices (including settings). You and WorkLinkr agree that if content includes personal data, it is subject to our Privacy Policy. You agree to only provide content or information that does not violate the law nor anyone’s rights (including intellectual property rights). You also agree that your profile information will be truthful. 
 Service Availability 
 We may change, suspend or end any Service, or change and modify prices prospectively in our discretion. To the extent allowed under law, these changes may be effective upon notice provided to you. 
 I Agree 
 Privacy Policy 
 × 
 WorkLinkr operates http://www.worklinkr.com. This page informs you of our policies regarding the collection, use and disclosure of Personal Information we receive from users of the Site. We use your Personal Information only for providing and improving the Site. By using the Site, you agree to the collection and use of information in accordance with this policy. 
 Information Collection And Use 
 While using our Site, we may ask you to provide us with certain personally identifiable information that can be used to contact or identify you. Personally identifiable information may include, but is not limited to your name ("Personal Information"). 
 Communications 
 We may use your Personal Information to contact you with newsletters, marketing or promotional materials and other information. 
 Cookies 
 Cookies are files with small amount of data, which may include an anonymous unique identifier. Cookies are sent to your browser from a web site and stored on your computer's hard drive. 
 Like many sites, we use "cookies" to collect information. You can instruct your browser to refuse all cookies or to indicate when a cookie is being sent. However, if you do not accept cookies, you may not be able to use some portions of our Site. 
 Security 
 The security of your Personal Information is important to us, but remember that no method of transmission over the Internet, or method of electronic storage, is 100% secure. While we strive to use commercially acceptable means to protect your Personal Information, we cannot guarantee its absolute security. 
 Changes To This Privacy Policy 
 This Privacy Policy is effective as of (add date) and will remain in effect except with respect to any changes in its provisions in the future, which will be in effect immediately after being posted on this page. We reserve the right to update or change our Privacy Policy at any time and you should check this Privacy Policy periodically. Your continued use of the Service after we post any modifications to the Privacy Policy on this page will constitute your acknowledgment of the modifications and your consent to abide and be bound by the modified Privacy Policy. If we make any material changes to this Privacy Policy, we will notify you either through the email address you have provided us, or by placing a prominent notice on our website 
 Contact Us 
 If you have any questions about this Privacy Policy, please contact us. 
 I Agree 
