[ 
 Workersonboard 
 ](https://www.workersonboard.com/ "Workersonboard") 
 Toggle Navigation 
 
 Home  
 
 W@H Community 
 Help 
 Site Directory 
 
 
 Get Paid Online  
 
 Extra Cash 
 Focus Groups 
 Freelance Gigs 
 Mystery Shop 
 Paid Surveys 
 Sell your Stuff 
 Smartphone Apps 
 
 
 Work at Home Jobs  
 
 Work at Home Equipment 
 Non Phone Work at home Jobs 
 Late Night Work at home Jobs 
 WAH Jobs No Experience 
 Work at home Companies 
 W@H Jobs you can Live On 
 Work at home Weekly Pay 
 WAH Jobs for Teens 
 W@H Jobs No Landline 
 Worldwide WAH Jobs 
 Work at Home Scams 
 Work at home Websites 
 Resume 
 
 
 Weekly Jobs  
 
 Typing Test 
 Friday Freebie 
 My W@H Course 
 W@H Book 
 
 
 Remote T  
 
 Accounting 
 Appointment Setters 
 Data Entry 
 Editing 
 Transcription 
 Tutor 
 Write Online  
 
 Writing Gigs 
 Freelance Writing 
 Write for Greeting Cards 
 
 
 
 
 Blogging  
 
 Blogging Course 
 How to Start a Blog 
 Build a Blog/Website 
 Get a Blog 
 Monetize Your Blog 
 
 
 Free  
 
 Free Instant Gift Cards 
 Free Cash to Search Online 
 Free Blog 
 
 
 About  
 
 Advertise 
 Contact Me 
 Video Library 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 Work at home Jobs Graveyard Shift 
 Published by  aw1219  on December 28, 2020December 28, 2020 
 We may earn money or products from some of the companies mentioned in this post. 
 Are you a person that sleeps during the day and stays up all night? Do you get more things done when everyone else is asleep? Would you like to work from home during the  overnight  hours? If so, you may want to apply to some graveyard shift work at home jobs. 
 What is considered to be a graveyard shift? 
 This is typically a time frame that would normally start around midnight to dawn or 8:00 am. Some people refer to it as 3rd shift or l ate night  hours. Although everyone does not desire to work these hours, there are some advantages to working the graveyard or late-night shift. Here are a few listed below. 
 
 You are able to work without any distractions and have a quiet-free environment at home. 
 Most companies will pay you a  higher  amount on the hour to work during the graveyard shift. 
 You may be able to focus better while performing your job duties. 
 Gives you the freedom to do other things during the day. 
 Affords you more opportunities to get hired to work for a company because a lot of people will go after the 1st or 2nd shift positions. 
 
 Working a graveyard shift may prove to be challenging so make sure you get proper rest (it is recommended that you get at least 7 hours or more) before you log in to work and alter your schedule and daily routine around your working hours to have a healthy life/work balance. 
 Graveyard Shift Work at home Jobs 
 3Play Media 
 Create your own schedule working when you want to transcribe recorded audio. You get paid every single week even if you only work 2 hours. Must be fluent in English or Spanish. 
 Audiobee 
 Work from home during the graveyard hours in audio transcription, annotating audio, voice recording, and translation from anywhere. 
 Clickworker 
 Work on your phone or computer categorizing data, taking photos, gathering data from the web, and so much more. You can work whenever you want including late at night. 
 Concentrix 
 This company has a need for remote agents to work very late nights because they are open 24/7. In fact, their busiest times are during the evenings and weekends. They hire in the US, Canada, and Europe. 
 Forward 
 This company is hiring Overnight Nurse Practitioners to remotely triage, diagnose, and treat patients via their online chat-based platform. 
 Go Transcript 
 Work from home listening to audio files and typing the words into text whenever you want. Get paid every single Friday. 
 Humanatic 
 Get paid to listen to live recorded calls from your computer late at night and sort them into categories based on the way the call was answered/handled. Work from your computer or smartphone. 
 ICON Health & Fitness - Company will supply all your equipment! 
 NordicTrack is now hiring tech support reps to work the graveyard shift from home that starts from 10 pm to 6 am to assist with any inquiries, requests, and concerns about their products and services. Pays $15 per hour plus commission. 
 ICUC 
 This is another company that hires social media content specialists to work from home all over the world to respond to comments on their client's social media accounts and enforce online community safety across multiple content areas to ensure guidelines/rules are followed. This kind of work can involve overnight hours. 
 
 Integrity Express Logistics 
 Currently seeking client services reps to work from home providing after-hour support to service customer accounts and carrier needs. You will need data entry skills. This job will require you to work the 3rd shift including weekends. 
 IntellaTriage 
 Seeking triage nurses to work the overnight shift from home answering phone calls for their hospice and home care clients. You will also be expected to work every other weekend overnight. 
 Lionbridge 
 This is another company that allows you to work from home at night rating the relevancy of ads and other content on the web as a rater, social media assessor, multimedia judge, personalized ads evaluator, etc. 
 LiveWorld 
 This company hires social media agents in the US and outside the US to help moderate social media posts for brands and companies to protect their image. There is a need for their social media agents to work weekends, nights, holidays, and some evenings. 
 MCI 
 Now hiring customer service agents to handle inbound inquiries troubleshoot basic technical issues, and assist with questions about products, etc. You must reside in the US or Canada. 
 Mod Squad 
 ModSquad is seeking experienced customer service reps to work during the nighttime hours to guide customers to the right answers and resolve their concerns. You must be a night owl. You will be required to work from 6 pm to 6 am PST. 
 Mturk 
 Work the graveyard shift selecting short tasks you can do from your computer like recording audio clips, answering questions, chatting with bots, etc. 
 Oneforma 
 This company has thousands of non-phone work at home jobs that may require you to collect video clips, photos, do voice recordings online, and so much more. Work the graveyard hours with this company. 
 Pomeroy 
 
 Work from home third shift as a Service Desk Analyst providing first-line support for their clients and resolving technical issues related to hardware, software, network, or general computer usage. 
 Safe Auto 
 Hiring P & C Insurance Call Center reps to work from home to assess customers insurance needs, resolve inquiries, give details about policy status, and other related duties. They have 2nd and 3rd shift openings and you must be dependable. 
 Sendlane 
 Hiring overnight customer success reps to help their clients when there's a problem regarding login issues, troubleshooting bugs, etc. You will be required to work from 1:30 am to 10 am Sunday through Thursday. 
 Sykes 
 This company has work at home jobs for those who want to work late nights but do not list them as such in the job title. You will have to read the job description to find out what hours you are required to work but I did see some in their customer service department. 
 Teemwork.ai 
 This company will allow you to work late nights and the graveyard shift completing various non-phone tasks in your spare time. 
 TTEC 
 This company has overnight work at home jobs in select states for reps to deliver exceptional service to their customers. Depending upon your location, you may even receive a free computer to work the graveyard shift for TTEC. 
 
 Turnkey 
 This company provides 24/7 support to their in-house guests, responds to property reviews, and other duties as an operational support specialist during the night shift all from your home office. 
 Uhaul 
 From time to time, you will see Uhaul hiring remote agents to work during the graveyard or overnight hours assisting their customers who are seeking to rent their storage units, get prices, quotes, etc. 
 Wix 
 Currently hiring customer care experts to work from 6 pm to 3 am EST to build strong relationships with their users and assist with any of their needs via phone, email, chat, or through other communications. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Related 
 Categories:  graveyard shift jobs graveyard shift work at home jobs graveyard work at home jobs 
 Tags:  graveyard shift work at home graveyard work at home jobs work at home during evenings 
           
 
 0 Comments 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 What's on your mind? 
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. 
 Notify me of new posts by email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Subscribe to Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 3,476 other subscribers 
 Email Address 
 Subscribe 
 Subscribe 
 
 
 
 Get Started  
 
 
 Work at home Course 
 300+ Companies that Pay you to W@H 
 W@H Essentials 
 W@H FB Group 
 Daily Work at Home Jobs 
 Payment Proof 
 Get paid Daily 
 Get Paid $10 to Join Swagbucks 
 Reviewers needed 
 Mini Polls for Fast Cash 
 Free $10 Gift Card 
 Advertise on Workersonboard 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 Easy Steps to start a Blog 
 
 
 Work at home Course 
 300+ Companies that Pay you to W@H 
 W@H Essentials 
 W@H FB Group 
 Daily Work at Home Jobs 
 Payment Proof 
 Get paid Daily 
 Get Paid $10 to Join Swagbucks 
 Reviewers needed 
 Mini Polls for Fast Cash 
 Free $10 Gift Card 
 Advertise on Workersonboard 
 
 Workersonboard.com 2011-2020 
 
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you accept this policy as long as you are using this websiteXAcceptView Policy 
 We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok 
