
 Home 
 Connect with an Attorney (free service) 
 Blog 
 About Us 
 Contact Us 
 
   
 
 Call us! 609-412-4722 
 
 Select Page 
 What Happens If I Quit My Job During My Workers' Compensation Claim? 
 by  jromWCNJ  | Mar 2, 2018 |  workmans comp advice ,  workmans compensation  |  0 comments 
 Being injured on the job can take a toll on you. Often, that toll can be exacerbated when you return to work while still being treated for your injuries. Bosses and supervisors may be unsympathetic and demand too much of you. If you return to work on light duty, you may be teased or ridiculed by fellow employees. All of this can make you want to quit your job. 
 So, you may be wondering what happens if you quit your job during your workers' compensation claim? 
 Well, just because you quit your job doesn't negate the fact that you were injured at work and need medical treatment. 
 Therefore, if you quit during your workers' compensation claim, the medical care you are receiving for your work-related injury should go uninterrupted. Furthermore, the payment for any permanent disability that you are entitled to receive at the end of your workers' compensation case should not be affected. 
 However, depending on whether you are still off work due to your injury or have already returned to work, a few other factors will come into play. These factors will determine whether or not you will continue to be entitled to temporary total benefits after you quit your job. 
 First of all, if you are not off work due to doctors order at the time you quit, the employer does not have to pay you temporary total benefits or make up any difference in your pay. However, you will continue to receive medical benefits for the injuries related to your work-related accident, even though you are now with a different employer. 
 Furthermore, once you reach maximum medical improvement (MMI), your former employer will still be required to pay you for any permanent total or permanent partial benefits for any permanent disability you have suffered. 
 On the other hand, if you are off work and receiving temporary total benefits, your employer must continue to pay you temporary total benefits for as long as you are off of work. However, if the doctor releases you back to restricted duty at work, and there are restrictions that your employer is willing to meet, then your employer may have grounds to discontinue any temporary total benefits you had been receiving. 
 Think Twice Before You Quit Your Job 
 You should never quit your job unless you have a better one lined up. There is nothing wrong with wanting a better your life and you should not feel like you're being held hostage by your employer just because you were injured on the job. Filing a workers' compensation claim does not preclude you from changing your employment. 
 That being said, quitting is what your employer wants you to do. Quitting may limit your ability to receive benefits and possibly a fair settlement. So, you should never quit your job unless it is absolutely necessary. What’s more, you should always consult with an experienced workers' compensation attorney before deciding to quit. 
 Contact an Experienced New Jersey Workers' Compensation Attorney 
 If you have any questions regarding your workers' compensation claim, contact an experienced workers' compensation attorney to help you understand your rights and to ensure that you receive all of the benefits that you are entitled to under the law. 
 Call  Workman 's Compensation for New Jersey  at  609-412-4722  for help with finding a qualified workers' compensation attorney in your area, or  contact us online  to arrange a free consultation. 
 Submit a Comment  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Comment 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 
 Search for: 
 Free Consultation for Injured Victims 
 Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. 
 Fill out the form below and we'll connect you to a qualified injury attorney in New Jersey - For Free! Our  Privacy Policy. 
 Your Name * 
 Your Email * 
 Your Phone Number 
 Tell Us About Your Incident 
 Website 
 Find a Qualified Lawyer 
 
 Home 
 Connect with an Attorney (Free Service) 
 Blog 
 About Us 
 Contact Us 
 Sitemap 
 
 © 2020 Workman's Compensation for New Jersey. All Rights Reserved. Website created by  Apsos Media | Small Business Websites 
