
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to primary sidebar 
 Skip to footer 
 
 These 10 Industries Hire The Most Remote Workers.  FREE Guide. Close Top Banner 
 Additional menu 
 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Work From Home Happiness 
 Actionable Advice from Ashlee Anderson 
 
 Career Coaching 
 
 30-Minute Career Q & A 
 60-Minute Career Clarity & Direction 
 Resume Writing 
 The Effortless Remote Job Search 
 
 
 Career Paths
 
 Bookkeeper 
 Content Marketer 
 Medical Billing & Coding 
 Medical Transcription & Editing 
 Proofreader 
 Transcription 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Writer 
 
 
 Resources 
 Now Hiring 
 Blog 
 About 
 
 Newsletter Sign Up 
 Get In Touch 
 Disclosure Statement 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Start Here. 
 
 U Haul Work From Home Jobs 
 June 22, 2015 by  Ashlee Anderson   12 Comments 
 __Tweet 1 
 __Pin 2K 
  __Share 52 
  __Share 
 2K Shares 
 U Haul Work From Home Jobs 
 U Haul work from home jobs offer flexible schedules for individuals interested in telecommuting. Established in 1945, U Haul is a well-known and reputable company helping people take the do-it-yourself route when it comes to moving.  Always thinking about branding, change, and keeping up with the times, U Haul has embraced a virtual workforce and recognizes the value that these employees bring to the company. 
 There are usually a couple of U Haul work from home jobs available at any given time. From reservation agents to customer service and even roadside assistance, there's opportunities for individuals with a variety of backgrounds and skill sets. 
 U Haul Work From Home Jobs Available 
 U Haul offers several work from home opportunities: 
 
 Customer Service Agent 
 Reservations Agent 
 Roadside Assistance Agent 
 
 Although the job description for each varies, they all are considered to be part of the Contact Center Work From Home Program. 
 To be considered for any of the U Haul work from home jobs you must meet the following technical requirements: 
 
 A  USB Headset 
 Minimum 2MB upload and download speeds 
 PC or laptop running Windows XP, Vista, or Windows 7 or 8 (both 32-bit and 64-bit are acceptable) 
 Minimum 5 gigabyte hard disc space available 
 Network card 
 Minimum 2G RAM 
 Antivirus software 
 Minimum Pentium 4 Processor 
 Ability to connect via cable to the Internet (wireless connections are not okay) 
 
 If you meet the minimum technical requirements, great! You can go ahead and  apply  to one of the U Haul work from home jobs. 
 Customer Service Agent 
 The Customer Service Agent position is a non-sales job. Agents answer phone calls from U Haul customers and help answer their inquiries or resolve any issues they might have. 
 To work as a Customer Service Agent, you'll need to be a great listener and know how to address customer concerns in a prompt and professional manner. It certainly helps to have prior customer service experience! 
 In addition to the technical requirements, which all U Haul work from home jobs require, Customer Service Agents must have a quiet home office free of background noise. 
 Four weeks of paid training are provided for this position. You must successfully complete all phases of training to begin working. 
 Although this job offers part-time hours, U Haul considers this to be a "moonlighter" position. This means Customer Service Agents aren't given the same benefits as non-moonlighter jobs. However, there is room for career advancement and growth opportunities. So, although you may start out as a moonlighter, you could potentially grow this into a career. 
 Reservations Agent 
 As a Reservations Agent, you will answer incoming calls inquiring about U Haul products and service and use the opportunity to secure reservations. Unlike the other U Haul work from home jobs, the Reservations Agent position is a sales/commission opportunity. 
 As with any sales position, your compensation will vary based on your performance. The base pay for Reservations Agents is $8.25 per hour. 
 This is a part-time position with varying hours based on need. Given the nature of U Haul services, there are slow and busy times of the year. So, if you have flexibility in your schedule and thrive in a selling environment, the Reservations Agent position would be a good fit for you. 
 In addition to the technical requirements listed, you'll need a  noise-cancelling USB headset  to be use during calls. To help you succeed in this position, U Haul offers four weeks of paid training before you begin taking calls. 
 Like the other U Haul work from home jobs, Reservations Agents are considered moonlighters. This means benefits are not available. However, there is room for advancement for the right candidates. 
 Roadside Assistance Agent 
 Of all the U Haul work from home jobs, the Roadside Assistance Agent is probably the most demanding. You will be fielding calls from individuals who are seeking help with mechanical problems they're experiencing. 
 You need to work with a sense of urgency and be able to identify, through talking with the customer, what the issue may be and dispatch appropriate services for repairs. 
 A calm demeanor and quick thinking are essential for success in this role. 
 Unlike the other two U Haul work from home jobs, the Roadside Assistant Agent position can be considered part-time which means you might be eligible for some benefits like a dental plan, discounts, travel insurance, and 401(k) savings plan, to name a few. 
 The Roadside Assistance Service is available to customers 24 hours a day, 365 days a year. In order to be considered for this position, you need to have weekend and holiday availability and a flexible schedule. 
 Because you'll be pinpointing vehicle issues, being mechanically inclined with automotive experience is a definite plus. 
 U Haul Work From Home Review 
 All in all, the U Haul work from home jobs are promising telecommute opportunities with a reputable company. Although the positions start off as part-time/moonlighter, you can potentially advance into a full-time career. 
 If you're interested, you can learn more about the U Haul work from home jobs  here . 
 __Tweet 1 
 __Pin 2K 
  __Share 52 
  __Share 
 2K Shares 
 Filed Under:  Company Reviews  Tagged With:  earn money online ,  telecommute ,  u haul work from home jobs ,  u haul work from home reviews ,  u haul work from home salary ,  u haul work from home training ,  work from home 
 About Ashlee Anderson 
 Ashlee Anderson is a Certified Professional Career Coach (CPCC) specializing in remote work. She's on a mission to help job seekers ditch their daily commute in favor of telecommuting. 
 Reader Interactions 
 Comments 
 
 Noel Childers says 
 
 December 13, 2016 at 8:42 am 
 Hello, 
My name is Noel childers. I am interested in the customer service agent job with U Haul. I can work any hours that is asked of me. I am use to working all night shifts a moonlighting position would be perfect for me. I am an Uber and Lyft driver right now so I have lots of customer service experience. I worked security for over 14 years with lots of customer service there as well. I think with all my experience I feel that I would be a good asset to your company. I am available to start immediately. 
Thank You, 
Noel Childers 
 
 amy Mosley says 
 
 October 31, 2017 at 11:43 am 
 I clicked on everything that I could to get to the work at home Uhaul job and nothing worked, can you help? 
 
 Ashlee Anderson  says 
 
 October 31, 2017 at 11:50 am 
 Hi Amy, 
 Thanks for letting me know! Looks like U-Haul changed how they display their jobs. They no longer have a page dedicated to their Work At Home Program. Fortunately, though, they still hire at-home workers. But now you have to go through jobs manually to see what work-from-home jobs are available her:  https://uhaul.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/UhaulJobs 
 Looks like they're currently hiring Roadside Assistance Agents through 11/03/17. Good luck! 
 Happily, 
 Ashlee 
 
 Ibeth Martinez  says 
 
 August 11, 2019 at 3:59 pm 
 Hi, 
My name is Ibeth Martinez. I am interested in the customer service agent or Reservation Agent position with U Haul. I can work Evening hours. I prefer working all night shifts a moonlighting position would be perfect for me. I have lots of customer service experience. I think with all my experience I feel that I would be a good asset to your company. I am available to start immediately. 
Thank You, 
 
 sharon wingblade says 
 
 February 19, 2020 at 5:44 pm 
 I am so excited to work for You as dispatcher. Great Company, to work for. Rescuing Folks in Panic Mode, My Cup of Tea. 
 Trackbacks 
 
 Nexus OP Jobs - Work From Home Happiness  says: 
 
 July 18, 2015 at 3:41 am 
 […] appealing, but the Nexus OP jobs are a little uncertain to you, try checking out opportunities at U-Haul, Apple, or American Express. These companies have been around a long time and are often hiring work […] 
 
 What Work From Home Jobs Are Right For you? - Work From Home Happiness  says: 
 
 August 11, 2015 at 3:36 pm 
 […] U-Haul […] 
 
 Work From Home Customer Service Jobs - Work From Home Happiness  says: 
 
 December 27, 2015 at 7:31 am 
 […] How to Apply: Search for current openings on their website or Read My Review […] 
 
 Create a Work from Home Resume that Gets You Hired - Work From Home Happiness  says: 
 
 January 10, 2016 at 6:52 am 
 […] take a look at a popular work-from-home job advertisement from U-Haul. This position is for their E-Customer Service Agent […] 
 
 Customer Service Jobs From Home | Make Money To Pay Debts  says: 
 
 June 18, 2017 at 9:42 pm 
 […] Reservations, sales, and even roadside assistance are part of the U-Haul Home program. […] 
 
 Customer Service Jobs From Home - Work From Home Happiness  says: 
 
 July 30, 2017 at 7:53 pm 
 […] Reservations, sales, and even roadside assistance are part of the U-Haul Home program. […] 
 
 Companies You Know& Trust That Hire You To Work From Home In Customer Service - Work From Home Happiness  says: 
 
 August 7, 2017 at 10:24 am 
 […] U-Haul is known for being the leader of DIY moving options. You may have used one of the orange and white trucks the last time you made a move. On top of moving truck rentals, U-Haul offers storage solutions at locations throughout the U.S. To keep their customers happy, U-Haul employs at-home agents to handle inbound calls as part of their Work From Home Contact Center: […] 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. 
 Comment 
 Name 
 Email 
 Website 
 Primary Sidebar 
 Hi. I'm Ashlee. 
 Ashlee Anderson is a Certified Professional Career Coach (CPCC) specializing in remote work. She's on a mission to help job seekers ditch their daily commute in favor of telecommuting.  Read More… 
 
 
 
 
 Work with Me 
 
 Browse Around 
 Search this website 
 Footer 
 Search this website 
 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 (C) 2021 *  Work From Home Happiness  *  Privacy Policy 
