
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Recurrency (S20) 
 Automated ERP for wholesalers 
 Senior Backend Engineer 
 
 Location 
 Los Angeles, CA / Remote 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 3+ years 
 About Recurrency 
 Recurrency is building the automated enterprise. Our product is the world's first enterprise optimization system (EOS), a machine learning application that integrates with a legacy enterprise resource planners (ERP) like SAP, Oracle, Microsoft Dynamics, or Epicor, and provides the user with recommendations on how to better buy, manage, price, and sell their inventory. Our customers are wholesalers, ranging from family-owned distributors to the Fortune 500. Despite being a multi-trillion dollar industry, wholesale distribution has a striking lack of software to support even basic operations, with most ERPs dating to the 1990s. Located in Los Angeles and supporting a fully-remote team, we are a well-funded seed-stage startup, backed by Bessemer Venture Partners, Lachy Groom, and Y Combinator. 
 About the role 
 Skills:  Python 
 Who we are 
 Recurrency is building the automated enterprise. Our product is the world's first enterprise optimization system (EOS), a machine learning application that integrates with a legacy enterprise resource planners (ERP) like SAP, Oracle, Microsoft Dynamics, or Epicor, and provides the user with recommendations on how to better buy, manage, price, and sell their inventory. Our customers are wholesalers, ranging from family-owned distributors to the Fortune 500. Despite being a multi-trillion dollar industry, wholesale distribution has a striking lack of software to support even basic operations, with most ERPs dating to the 1990s. Located in Los Angeles and supporting a fully-remote team, we are a well-funded seed-stage startup, backed by Bessemer Venture Partners, Lachy Groom, and Y Combinator. 
 As a Senior Backend Engineer, you will co-lead the design and development of our legacy ERP integrations, our machine learning pipeline, and our internal data model and API. You will have ownership over mission-critical components of our software stack, and you will shape the structure of the product, team, and culture. 
 What you will own 
 
 Design and implementation of scalable database-level integrations with ERPs, CRMs, webstores, marketing tools, and other data sources 
 Design and implementation of Recurrency's common data model and ML pipeline 
 Partnership with data scientists and customers to iteratively improve our customer-facing API 
 
 What you will bring 
 
 3+ years of full-time engineering experience, excluding education and internships 
 Experience and passion for Python and data infrastructure (MSSQL, Postgres, SAP HANA, Oracle) 
 Excitement to join a small and mighty team and to build a strong engineering culture 
 Experience with a legacy ERP or excitement to learn about them 
 Joie de vivre 
 
 Our backend stack:  Python (Flask, PyTorch), SQL, AWS, MongoDB, Algolia. 
 Technology 
 Our stack: 
 
 Python (Flask, PyTorch) 
 React (with TypeScript) 
 SQL 
 Docker 
 AWS 
 Heroku 
 MongoDB 
 
 Other jobs at Recurrency 
 Senior Fullstack Engineer 
 fulltime 
 Los Angeles, CA / Remote 
 Full Stack 
 3+ years 
  Senior Backend Engineer 
 fulltime 
 Los Angeles, CA / Remote 
 Backend 
 3+ years 
 Senior Frontend Engineer 
 fulltime 
 Los Angeles, CA / Remote 
 Frontend 
 3+ years 
 Head of Business Development 
 fulltime 
 Los Angeles, CA / Remote 
 3+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
