Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Line Worker 
 Tilray 
 __Petrolia, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Line Worker  - Petrolia, Ontario 
 High Park Company  is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Tilray, a global leader in cannabis cultivation, processing, and distribution. Tilray serves patients in Canada and around the world with a diverse range of pharmaceutical-grade medical cannabis products as High Park Company focuses on creating distinctive products for adult Canadian consumers. 
 _  About High Park Company _ 
 High Park Company   was established to develop, sell, and distribute inspiring and iconic adult-use cannabis brands. 
 _  About Tilray _ 
 Tilray  is a global pioneer in cannabis research, cultivation, processing and distribution currently serving tens of thousands of patients in ten countries spanning five continents. 
 We are looking for flexible, dedicated, and motivated people who want to be a part of a team that is passionate about our products and the success and growth of our business. 
 As a member of the Enniskillen High Park facility, located in Petrolia Ontario, reporting to the Supervisor, the Technician will be responsible for successfully learning the Downstream and Upstream Production/Manufacturing Program and ensuring the safe and effective cleaning of High Park equipment and work locations. 
 Role and Responsibilities: 
 
 Effective execution of Production, Manufacturing and Facilities tasks within established company policy, procedure and requirements (Safety, Quality, Compliance, and Performance) 
 Supporting the growing, harvesting, drying, curing, milling, loading, sorting, transport and take down processes 
 Identify and communicate plant health issues 
 Identify and communicate issues related to the tools and equipment used to complete daily tasksTake and follow direction from the Lead and Supervisor to prepare for events before and after each major activity 
 Safely and effectively set-up, operate, take-down and sanitize all equipment 
 Work at a level of performance identifiable with world class organizations with the goal of continuous process improvement every day 
 Daily housekeeping tasks including cleaning and sanitizing the facility and general site upkeep 
 Work with and understand a number of cleaning chemicals, ensuring the right products are being used for the right jobs 
 Restock materials and supplies as needed throughout site as required 
 Ensure compliance with WHMIS, good manufacturing practices, good documentation practices and any other applicable legislation 
 Complete logbooks as necessary 
 Complete required training, including any required health and safety training 
 Participate in meetings, group tasks, projects and improvement initiatives as required 
 Any other duties as assigned 
 
 Qualifications and Education Requirements: 
 REQUIRED qualifications: 
 
 A positive outlook, willingness to learn and contribute to company success 
 Ability to take direction and follow all company policies/procedures 
 Ability to comprehend and communicate detailed instructions orally and in writing 
 Strong communication, problem solving and attention to detail skills 
 Ability to deal with others tactfully, diplomatically and professionally at all times. 
 Capable of multi-tasking with minimal supervision 
 Ability to work in a results oriented, challenging environment 
 Maintain confidentiality 
 Dependable and punctual 
 Positive contributor and personal commitment and responsibility 
 
 ASSETS for your application: 
 
 Grade 12 diploma 
 Horticulture experience 
 Experience in a regulated and highly compliant environment (ie. food industry, pharmaceutical) 
 Basic computer skills considered 
 First Aid skills and/or certificates 
 Prior experience or education in Health and Safety 
 Prior custodial/janitorial experience 
 Ability to schedule and prioritize work 
 
 High Park welcomes applications from all qualified individuals and is committed to employment equity and diversity in the workplace. 
Accommodations are available for applicants with disabilities throughout the recruitment process. If you require accommodations for interviews or other meetings, please advise when submitting your application. 
Please note that High Park does not authorize, engage, or sponsor any consultants, agencies or organizations that seek certain personal or financial information from you (e.g. passwords, login ids, credit card information). High Park does not charge any application, processing or onboarding fee at any stage of the recruitment or hiring process. 
When replying to emails, please ensure the sender name and email address match exactly. Please also ensure the Reply-To address matches the sending address exactly. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Contract 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
