Paul F Davis - Weblog 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Worldwide Motivational Speaker for Breakthrough and Empowerment 
 
   
 Category Archives: career & profession 
 May 30, 2008 * 8:40 pm 
 MPI World Changing Speaker - Meeting Planners International Speaker Building Dreams, Breaking Limitations, and Reviving Nations 
 Pa   ul F. Davis  captivating audiences across the globe with rich content, inspirational keynotes and empowering conferences. 
 
 http://www.PaulFDavis.com 
 
 RevivingNations@yahoo.com 
 RevivingNations@gmail.com 
 
 In keeping with Meeting Professionals International (MPI) vision to "build a rich global meeting industry community", Paul F. Davis is a worldwide professional speaker and MPI member doing just that! 
 Paul has touched over 50 countries, more than 50 islands, and 6 continents empowering people throughout the earth to live their dreams! Paul is also the author of 14 books teaching and transforming humanity. 
 As an international speaker Paul builds bridges cross-culturally and empowers people throughout the earth to live their dreams! 
 Paul is the author of 14 books. Paul has appeared on numerous internationally broadcast radio shows from Oprah & Friends to Fox News Radio to talk about conflict resolution, peacemaking, foreign policy, and diplomacy. Playboy Radio host Tiffany Granath calls Paul an "awesome" relational coach and recommends his books on love, dating, and sexuality. 
 Academically outstanding Davis was trained in transformative mediation & conflict resolution (Hofstra Law School); strategic negotiations (Harvard Business School & U. of Washington); advanced interrogation (Reid & Associates founders of the polygraph); and NLP & Life Coaching (NLP & Coaching Institute of California). 
 Paul humorously and elegantly transforms individuals and organizations. 
 Paul's organization Dream-Maker Inc. builds dreams, transcends limitations, & reconciles nations. 
 Paul worked at Ground Zero in NYC during 9/11; helped rebuild a home at the tsunami epicenter; comforted victims of genocide in Rwanda; spoke to leaders in East Timor during the war; inspired students & monks in Myanmar; promoted peace & reconciliation in Pakistan; and has been so deep into the bush of rural Africa where villagers had never before seen a white man. 
 Paul empowers people to love passionately and live fearlessly. 
 http://www.PaulFDavis.com 
 RevivingNations@yahoo.com 
 Leave a comment 
 Filed under  adventure ,  america ,  america & politics ,  business, economics, commerce ,  career & profession ,  commitment ,  entertainment & filmmaking ,  health & wellness ,  human rights and peace ,  inspiration & motivation ,  inspiration and transformation ,  international affairs ,  international affairs & diplomacy ,  leadership ,  love and marriage ,  motivation ,  overcoming adversity ,  speaking bureaus ,  spirituality ,  wealth and prosperity ,  women's issues ,  World Travel 
 Tagged as  awesome ,  break ,  breakout ,  breakthrough ,  bridges ,  building ,  comedian ,  comic ,  community ,  content ,  countries ,  dreams ,  empowering ,  empowerment ,  energize ,  energizing ,  enhance ,  enlarge ,  enriching ,  entertain ,  entertaining ,  fox ,  fun ,  global ,  grow ,  guru ,  happiness ,  happy ,  humanity ,  humor ,  incredible ,  industry ,  inspire ,  inspiring ,  international ,  laugh ,  leader ,  learn ,  limitations ,  love ,  marriages ,  me ,  meeting ,  most ,  motivate ,  motivational ,  mpi ,  nations ,  news ,  oprah ,  outstanding ,  planners ,  playboy ,  politics ,  radio ,  renew ,  requested ,  restore ,  revive ,  reviving ,  revolutionary ,  rich ,  seminar ,  sensational ,  sessions ,  speaker ,  teach ,  touch ,  transcend ,  transform ,  transformational ,  transforming ,  understands ,  uplift 
 May 29, 2008 * 11:30 am 
 Extreme Prophetic - Your Paradigm Shift 
 The prophetic is always most wonderful 
As the people on earth become spiritual 
Move beyond the flesh and past the soul 
Awaken within to their divine identity 
Get clear on things and are made whole 
The prophetic is more fun than the Super Bowl 
Reclaim from them what fear and demons 
Have over time cleverly and subtly stole 
The prophetic uplifts you from depression's hole 
Perhaps inquisitively and rightly you say, "How so?" 
Well, the prophetic reconnects you to the Creator 
Quieting you within to hear your Maker's voice 
The voice of the Lord is power setting you free 
Making you rejoice and dance within happily 
As the breakthrough by the Holy Spirit comes 
Into your glorious God given purpose you run 
Becoming acquainted with your divine identity 
You simultaneously awaken to your destiny 
Both the eternal and earthly equally abundantly 
As God gives you eyes to supernaturally see 
Ears to intuitively inwardly connect and hear 
Causing the priceless voice of God to be near 
Near and dear, the Holy Spirit removes fear 
Bringing forth supernatural operations and weapons 
Empowering you mightily within to arise and win 
Every battle you face, as you see the Lord's face 
Run the race, that He's mapped out before you 
Taking you from glory to glory, faith to faith 
Strength to strength, and loving grace to grace 
Enabling you to transcend every earthly limitation 
As you feast on divine knowledge and revelation 
Move in the miraculous bringing forth manifestations 
To awaken skeptics, silence critics, and live in the fullness 
Of Christ the King of glory, the captain of the hosts 
Christ our portion, in whom our soul makes its boast. 
 Paul F Davis - International Speaker, Prophet, and Author 
 If you liked what you read, check out Paul's books "Waves of God"; "Supernatural Fire"; and "God vs. Religion" at  http://paulfdavis.com/booksvideos.htm 
 Paul Davis is a highly sought after worldwide minister who moves in the miraculous to touch and transform humanity. 
 Paul has a unique ability to hear the voice of God, naturally bring forth the supernatural in a playful and heartfelt fashion, unlock and simply explain divine mysteries, impart life changing revelation, and usher in powerful manifestation bringing heaven to earth. 
 Paul is the author of several books including United States of Arrogance; Poems that Propel the Planet; Breakthrough for a Broken Heart; Adultery 101; Are You Ready for True Love; Stop Lusting & Start Living; A New Earth - Connect with Your Creator & Experience Endless Awakenings; and many more! 
 Paul's compassion for people & passion to travel has taken him to over 50 countries of the world where he has had a tremendous impact. Paul's Dream-Maker Ministries builds dreams, transcends limitations, & reconciles nations. 
 http://www.PaulFDavis.comRevivingNations@yahoo.com  (or) gmail.com 
 Leave a comment 
 Filed under  business, economics, commerce ,  career & profession ,  inspiration & motivation ,  inspiration and transformation ,  international affairs ,  international affairs & diplomacy ,  leadership ,  religion ,  spirituality ,  wealth and prosperity 
 Tagged as  apostle ,  apostolic ,  bold ,  boldness ,  breakthrough ,  extreme ,  flow ,  fresh ,  healing ,  health ,  international ,  living ,  ministries ,  ministry ,  miracle ,  miracles ,  orator ,  overflow ,  poem ,  poems ,  poet ,  poetic ,  profit ,  prophecy ,  prophetic ,  reformer ,  restoration ,  revelation ,  revivalist ,  revolution ,  revolutionary ,  rivers ,  speaker ,  spirit ,  spiritual ,  spirituality ,  stream ,  success ,  voice ,  water ,  wealth 
 May 28, 2008 * 10:49 pm 
 O Ambassadors - Free The Children 
 I just watched Monday's inspiring episode of Oprah partnering with Free The Children in Kenya forming O Ambassadors to build schools across the impoverished parts of the world. What's special about this is the ambassadors are kids still in school here in America themselves desirious of changing their world. 
 As someone who has been to Africa 5 times, working in war-torn east Africa, I know firsthand the needs there. Kenya is just the beginning and actually one of the more prosperous countries in the region. Beyond Kenya, I also visited war-torn nations such as Rwanda, Burundi, Congo, Uganda, and Mozambique. I remember seeing on TV years ago how one woman gave birth in a tree in Mozambique during a flood. Between Rwanda and Burundi during the genocide that plagued the small countries in 1994, 1.2 million people were slaughtered between tribal factions. I visited the site of the massacre and was heart broken to see the animosity that still exists. 
 My other African stops over 5 different trips also took me to Malawi, where a dictatorial President in power for 25 years forbid women to wear pants. Then in Tanzania just above Kenya I saw new development as they sought to catch up with developing Kenya. As for Congo it has been ravished for years due to its rich mineral resources, blood diamonds, and mercenaries fighting for personal gain. 
 O Ambassadors is a bold move I commend, which shall change the world and the youth launching out into the deep to do so. Not only are youth going abroad and awaking to the blessings of America we so often take for granted, but they are being changed in the process as they enrich the lives of others. 
 The American church has lost the concept and importance of overseas missions as we build fancier buildings for ourselves to dwell in, but the true heart of God is about "seeking and saving the lost" (Luke 19:10) in the "uttermost parts of the earth" (Acts 1:8). Nothing is more important for children then to grow up with access to proper education and clean water. 
 Paul F Davis - president and founder of Dream-Maker Ministries (a nonprofit charitable organization) that has touched 50 countries thus far but is desiring to partner with concerned people and organizations to make a larger impact globally. 
 Dream-Maker Ministries 
 PO Box 684 
 Goldenrod, FL 32733 
 RevivingNations@yahoo.com 
 http://www.PaulFDavis.com 
 If you'd like to help Paul build schools in the most poverished regions of the earth, write today! 
 Leave a comment 
 Filed under  career & profession ,  family & friends ,  health & wellness ,  human rights and peace ,  international affairs ,  international affairs & diplomacy ,  leadership ,  philanthropy and community service ,  religion ,  spirituality 
 Tagged as  africa ,  asia ,  clean ,  education ,  free ,  globe ,  hardships ,  impoverished ,  Indonesia ,  kids ,  latin ,  needs ,  oprah ,  partner ,  partnership ,  schooling ,  schools ,  sponsor ,  sponsorship ,  suffering ,  transformation ,  water 
 May 20, 2008 * 11:16 am 
 Job Hunting - A Full Time Job 
 Job hunting 
 Has become to me 
 A full time job 
 Never ending 
 My qualifications 
 Always refrencing 
 My past accomplishments 
 My endless education 
 My work experience 
 My professional acquaintance 
 With key people in the work place 
 God Almighty give me some grace 
 To endure and continue pursuing 
 Meaningful employment without complaining 
 Because I get rejected because of my skin color, 
 My age, my looks, my limitations, lack of conformity 
 My authenticity, humanity, and bold individuality 
 Shall I cease being a human and just be a conformist 
 Sell my soul for money and do whatever comes along 
 Or believe for the best, be selective, and stand strong? 
 Yes, I have to pay the bills and can't be a ding dong 
 For one who doesn't care for his own family is an infidel 
 Or even worse according to the Bible, but help me God 
 I'm drowning in applications and this employment process 
 Arise and give me a breakthrough loving heavenly Father 
 For your Name sake answer my prayer and don't delay 
 For years of tireless job hunting has left me most weary 
 As king David in distress prayed, "Send now prosperity" 
 Enough of my dire poverty, inconsistency, and calamity 
 Bring on the blessings God and use my talents and ability 
 To glorify thee and build your people and kingdom in the earth 
 Bring forth in me professionally and occupationally a new birth. 
 Open the windows of heaven over me and move hearts favorably 
 Direct me inwardly by your Spirit so I know where to labor specifically 
 Whom to entreat professionally and where to work purposefully 
 Help dear God, hearken to the cry of your child crying out to thee. 
 Paul F Davis - author of Poems That Propel the Planet 
 Career & Transformation Coach when you need a cheerleader and breakthrough! 
 http://www.PaulFDavis.com 
 RevivingNations@gmail.com (or) yahoo.com 
 Paul F. Davis is a world-changing leadership & diversity speaker who has touched over 50 countries & 6 continents building bridges cross-culturally and empowering people throughout the earth to live their dreams! 
 Paul is the author of 14 books, two nominated for a Pulitzer Prize. Paul has appeared on numerous internationally broadcast radio shows from Oprah & Friends to Fox News Radio to talk about conflict resolution, peacemaking, foreign policy, and diplomacy. 
 Paul worked at Ground Zero in NYC during 9/11; helped rebuild a home at the tsunami epicenter; comforted victims of genocide in Rwanda; spoke to leaders in East Timor during the war; inspired students & monks in Myanmar; promoted peace & reconciliation in Pakistan; and has been so deep into the bush of rural Africa where villagers had never before seen a white man. 
 Playboy Radio host Tiffany Granath calls Paul an "awesome" relational coach and recommends his books on love, dating, and sexuality. 
 Academically outstanding Paul humorously and elegantly transforms individuals and organizations. 
 Paul empowers people to love passionately and live fearlessly. 
 http://www.PaulFDavis.com 
 Leave a comment 
 Filed under  business, economics, commerce ,  career & profession ,  leadership ,  poetry 
 Tagged as  authenticity ,  being ,  believe ,  bible ,  bills ,  birth ,  blessings ,  breakthrough ,  calamity ,  career ,  challenges ,  child ,  color ,  conformity ,  crying ,  delay ,  difficulty ,  education ,  employment ,  endless ,  entreat ,  experience ,  family ,  father ,  favor ,  glorify ,  hear ,  hearts ,  heaven ,  heavenly ,  human ,  humanity ,  hunting ,  i ,  inconsistency ,  individuality ,  inwardly ,  job ,  kingdom ,  labor ,  life ,  limitation ,  looks ,  loving ,  me ,  meaningful ,  money ,  move ,  myself ,  new ,  occupation ,  open ,  people ,  poverty ,  prayer ,  pride ,  profession ,  professionally ,  prosperity ,  provide ,  purpose ,  purposefully ,  race ,  references ,  skin ,  soul ,  specifically ,  spirit ,  struggle ,  talents ,  tough ,  transformation ,  trials ,  tribulations ,  trust ,  windows ,  work 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Business Letter Writer for Excellence and Success 
 College Counselor, Career Counselor and International Educator Empowering Global Scholars 
 Call Center Manager and Call Center Trainer for Global Call Centers 
 Youngevity Buyer Beware: Youngevity Mighty 90 - Vitamins, Multivitamins and Health Products 
 Chipotle Mexican Food, Chipotle Corporate Social Responsibility Failures 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 anger   awesome   believe   breakout   breakthrough   college   communications   cruise   demons   diversity   divine   dollar   dream   empowering   evangelism   evangelist   family   fun   globe   happiness   happy   heart   international   kids   knowledge   ladies   lake   liberation   life   living   love   men   miracles   money   motivational   mpi   obama   oprah   pain   passion   peace   people   politics   power   prevention   publisher   purpose   revelation   rich   salvation   secrets   seminar   sex   souls   speaker   spirit   spiritual   spirituality   student   students   success   supernatural   teach   the secret   transformation   truth   united   uplift   usa   value   war   wealth   wisdom   women   world 
 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 Carter on  1and1.com auto renewal cancell… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Joe on  1and1.com auto renewal cancell… 
 
 
 
 
 andrei  on  1and1.com auto renewal cancell… 
 
 
 P on  1and1.com auto renewal cancell… 
 
 
 
 Jong on  1and1.com auto renewal cancell… 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 61,932 hits 
 
 
 
 Paul F Davis - Weblog  * Transformation & Living Your Dreams! 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
