  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 CRM Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance CRM Expert ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/en/hire/crm) 
 Yesterday 
 E-Commerce Customer Service Specialist (Fluid English) 
 Published: Yesterday  Project duration: 1 - 4 weeks Bids: 6 
 10 Hour Pilot Trial for Selected Candidates 
We're looking for new specialists to join our growing online team with 3 emerging E-Commerce Brands in Consumer Goods: 
 - Flexible, Dedicated problem solver, Team Player (we want to hear about your experiences! :) ) 
- People-orientated person who enjoys helping customers + colleagues 
- Proactive about learning new software + product characteristics 
- Not afraid to step in to stop an error in progress or help upsell a customer that's shopping, independently 
- Comfortable with communication online with remote teams vias platforms such as: Shared Docs, Chats, Videocalls, Microsoft 365/Google Suite, Asana, Confluence, etc 
- Is versatile and open to adapting with the company's day-to-day challenges and growth: somedays we're on the phone working with partners and others we need to help build content for marketing campaigns; we adapt as priorities are re-defined week to week, change is welcome. 
- Position is time-zone flexible and family friendly, our focus is on meeting weekly priorities and fluid communication 
- If possible, Looking for weekend + off-peak support as much of the team operates M-F 10am-6pm EST. 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Customer Support 
 Time required  : Between 10 and 20 hours 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 Published by:  F. L. Last reply: Yesterday  United States Payment method:  __Verified 
 Less than USD 10 / hour 
 Yesterday 
 Kids watch phone for Singapore and north and south American market 
 Published: Yesterday  Bids: 1 
 1. Manage online market place (Amazon, Shopee, Lazada, Qoo10 and Shopify based own website ) 
2. Design and refush the online posts in stores and market place timely 
3. Plan and implement facebook and google ads for better sales 
4. 
Cooperate with indoor sales support to make sure delivery on time 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Customer Support 
 Time required  : More than 20 hours 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  A. H. Malaysia 
 USD 100 - 250 
 3 days ago 
 Customer Operations Manager 
 Published: 3 days ago  Bids: 12 
 We are interested and seeking a committed Customer Service Operations Representative(Administrative Operations Manager) who is looking for a better and legit way to supplement your earnings from home and advance your career professionally. 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Customer Support 
 Published by:  W. G. Last reply: 3 days ago  United States 
 Over USD 3,000 
 3 days ago 
 Customer Support Representative 
 Published: 3 days ago  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 16 
 Job brief 
 Flowster.app  is the world’s leading workflow management SaaS application for the eCommerce industry, and we’re looking to hire a talented customer support representative to join our team. If you’re excited about being part of a fast growing SaaS startup, Flowster is a great place to grow your career. 
 We’re looking for a full-time customer support representative to communicate with customers via chat, email, video conference, and telephone. 
 Our team relies heavily on our documented processes and procedures, as these allow us to outsource, delegate and train new employees quickly and easily. As such, you will also be involved in creating and maintaining these procedures. 
 Responsibilities 
 
 
 Provide pre-sale, technical, and product support to Flowster customers via our chat and helpdesk platforms. 
 
 
 The occasional customer phone call or video chat. 
 
 
 Reproduce and document customer issues. 
 
 
 Track bug reports and analyze patterns to report to the development team. 
 
 
 Work with the Flowster development and marketing teams to address issues, recommend enhancements, improve the product, improve documentation, and reduce customer confusion. 
 
 
 A work schedule that aligns with typical North American working hours. 
 
 
 Requirements 
 
 Previous experience with customer support 
 An empathetic and patient approach to helping customers 
 A positive attitude 
 Excellent written, verbal, and interpersonal communication 
 The ability to work effectively across multiple teams 
 A strong work ethic and careful attention to detail 
 Solid organizational skills: be able to balance multiple tasks, prioritize effectively, plan out schedules and follow them 
 
 About Us 
 Flowster is an international company with employees from over 10 different countries.  Our workflow software is used by thousands of eCommerce businesses. 
 We prioritize working hard while having fun, and we provide employees with competitive benefits and a flexible schedule. Travel is not required for this position. 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Customer Support 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Full time 
 Published by:  K. Last reply: 2 weeks ago  Canada 
 Less than USD 10 / hour 
 3 days ago 
 Africa Based - Customer service agents - call center/chat 
 Published: 3 days ago  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 13 
 • Reply to all submitted requests in a professional and courteous manner 
• Provide accurate and informative explanations to customers relative to our service 
• Facilitate customer requests for changes or updates to their online content 
• Demonstrate active listening skills gaining full understanding of the customer’s needs/issues while exhibiting empathy. 
• Promote and offer our products and services 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Customer Support 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Full time 
 Published by:  R. B. S. Canada Payment method:  __Verified 
 Less than USD 10 / hour 
 5 days ago 
 Customer service and Job breifings 
 Published: 5 days ago  Bids: 4 
 We are looking for virtual assistance who are familiarity with current technologies, like desktop sharing, with good communication skills; And can also prepare customer spreadsheets and keep online records. 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Customer Support 
 Time required  : Between 10 and 20 hours 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  L. J. United States 
 Less than USD 50 
 6 days ago 
 Bilingual Real Estate Appointment Setter 
 Published: 6 days ago  Bids: 2 
 The appointment setter will establish relationships with qualified leads by way of cold calls -- with the purpose of setting up appointments to view or list properties for sale. A variety of tasks might be expected in addition to phone work, including administrative tasks such as data entry, reporting, and invoice creation. 
 Duties: 
 contact potential customers by phone to explain products, services, and purchase information about properties for sale. 
Use customer information to initiate cold calls and deliver a scripted sales talk in order to persuade the customer to attend a meeting to discuss sales options for a timeshare opportunity or property. 
Might also be responsible for maintaining a record of contacts, accounts, and orders, in addition to the task of passing information about successful communications onto the appropriate sales representatives. 
 Additional duties might include follow-up correspondence with customers, training of newly hired appointment setters, and communication with local businesses to arrange for donations or to plan events. 
Qualifications: 
 Being able to establish relationships, strike up impromptu conversations, and explain products and services in a way that both engages and informs potential customers. 
Since it is an entry-level position, experience is rarely necessary, but a history of working in a sales or promotional capacity would be a HUGE benefit. 
 Spanish Speaker. 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Telesales 
 Project size  : Large 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  R. Last reply: 4 days ago  United States Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 100 - 250 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
