   Icon Close Menu 
 Welcome To 
 Northern Virginia 
 
 Blaze Your Path 
 Reimagine Your Life 
 A Culture for Everyone 
 Virtual Career Fairs 
 What’s New 
 About 
 Employer Resources 
 
   
 Virtual Career Fairs 
 Overview 
 Cyber & Cloud Virtual Career Fair | Jan. 28, 2021 
 The Cyber + Cloud Virtual Career Fair will be a one-stop-shop for technologists to network and interview with 20+ leading, hiring tech companies in Northern Virginia. 
 This virtual hiring event is for professionals in the IT, cyber and cloud industries and is open to all experience levels. Job-seekers with security clearances are in demand and are encouraged to attend, though it is not required qualification. 
 Participants will be able to browse companies in the lobby, enter their booths, view open positions and training programs, and chat with HR representatives in real-time…all from the comfort of home. You do not currently need to be located in Northern Virginia to attend the fair. 
 Join us on Thurs. Jan 28, 2021 from 1-4pmET. Register for FREE today! 
 Candidates Register Here 
 Info 
 When:  Thurs., Jan. 28th, 2021 from 1-4pm ET. Stay for as long or as little as you would like! 
 Who:  Professionals of all experience levels cyber, cloud, and IT. 
 Where:  Wherever you have WiFi to access  Brazen 
 Cost:  Oh, did we mention this is  free  to attend? 
 Interview with top employers such as... 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Partnering Organizations 
   
   
   
   
 More Info 
 
 How It Works 
 Tips 
 
 How It Works 
 Wondering how to get started? Check out the next steps below. 
 Right Now: 
 
 Register  / fill out your profile (ASAP) 
 
 Day-Of the Fair | Thursday, Jan. 28: 
 
 Enter companies’ booths to view open positions and training programs specifically curated for you 
 Be sure to check whether the employer provided any qualification requirements in the booth 
 Chat with HR representatives in real-time 
 Take note of your favorite positions and companies 
 
 After the Fair: 
 
 Follow up with the HR representatives 
 Get one (big) step closer to landing your best job yet 
 Check back here for  more open positions  
 
 Tips for Nailing the Virtual Career Fair 
 Your how-to guide to get noticed by companies in Northern Virginia. 
 
 Do your homework ahead of time…remember how we told you who’s going to be there? You’re welcome! 
 Update your resume and upload it on your Brazen These are  real  HR reps with  real  , open positions. 
 Prepare your elevator pitch in chat format. You’ll have ~10 minutes to make a stellar first impression. 
 Dress for the part—there will be the option to video chat. Plus, a professional get-up will give you instant confidence. 
 Take notes during the fair. Who did you resonate with? Which job opportunities got you excited? 
 FOLLOW UP! Refer to those handy notes you took and  intentionally  reach out to the HR reps thanking them for their time and expressing interest in your favorite job opportunity. Bonus tip: Reference something specific from your conversation so they remember you! 
 
 Click here  to view tips and tricks for once you land a video interview. 
 Put Your Best Virtual Foot Forward 
 Connecting jobseekers like you with leading, hiring companies in Northern Virginia is of highest priority, now more than ever. We know it’s a difficult time to start your career journey— enter the virtual career fair. Virtual career fairs are a bridge linking hiring companies with talent from all over the world… all from the comfort of their homes. Doesn’t get much better than that, right? 
 Cyber + Cloud Virtual Career Event | Jan. 28, 2021 
 Brought to you by the Fairfax County Economic Development Authority, the Cyber + Cloud Virtual Career Fair will be a one-stop-shop for technologists to network and interview with leading, hiring tech companies in Northern Virginia. Join us on Thurs. Jan 28, 2021 from 1-4pmET. Register for FREE today! 
  REGISTER TODAY!  
 Why Northern Virginia is the best move you could make for your career 
 60%  Higher Household Income Than National Average 
 17K  Tech Establishments Employing 240k+ 
 23  Fortune 500 Companies 
 39%  of Companies are Minority-Owned 
 Icon Arrow Icon Arrow 
 We're going virtual. Are you in? 
   
 Fairfax County Economic Development Authority 
8300 Boone Boulevard, Suite 450 
Tysons, Virginia 22182    703-790-0600  
                   
 
 Blaze Your Path 
 Reimagine Your Life 
 A Culture for Everyone 
 Virtual Career Fairs 
 What’s New 
 About 
 Employer Resources 
 
 Website by    DCI Logo  
 (C) 2021 Copyright  |   Privacy Policy  
 Icon Close Menu 
 Add Your Company 
 Submit your information below and we'll add your company to the cluster of employers currently hiring in Northern Virginia. Help us put you on the map for talent. 
 Company Name * 
 Industry * 
 - Select -Corporate HeadquartersDefense and AerospaceFinancial ServicesGovernment OrganizationsHealth and Life SciencesInformation Technology 
 Careers Page 
 LinkedIn 
 __ 
 Twitter 
 __ 
 Instagram 
 __ 
 Short Company Description * 
 Contact Name * 
 Email * 
 Phone * 
 Logo (Max 5MB | EPS, AI, SVG, PNG, JPG) * 
 
 File name:   
 File size: 
 Icon Close Menu 
 Join the Talent Pool 
 Want to stay in the loop on relevant job opportunities and information about living in Northern Virginia? Submit your information below and we'll be in touch. 
 First Name * 
 Last Name * 
 Email * 
 LinkedIn 
 __ 
 Industry * 
 - Select -Corporate HeadquartersDefense and AerospaceFinancial ServicesGovernment OrganizationsHealth and Life SciencesInformation Technology 
 Years Experience * 
 - Select -0-3 years4-9 years10+ years 
