Skip to content     Search 
 Search for: 
 
 PROPEL STEPS 
 Education is Everything 
 Menu 
 
 Explore 
 Home 
 About Us 
 
 Our Story 
 Critiques That Drive Us 
 
 
 Awesome Talents 
 Blog 
 
 Interesting Info 
 Stories 
 Quotes 
 Picture Speaks 
 Speeches 
 Poems 
 
 
 Authors' Corner 
 
 Din 
 Puvi 
 Re-blogs 
 Guest Posts 
 
 
 Reach Us
 
 helpdesk@propelsteps.com 
 Call Us : +91 72000 48566 
 Official Site 
 Facebook Page 
 Friend us on Facebook 
 Follow on LinkedIn 
 Find us on Twitter 
 Follow us on Tumblr 
 
 
 Reviews 
 
 Apps 
 Books 
 Websites 
 Youtube Channels 
 
 
 
 Open Search 
 Category: Career & Profession 
 The Case of Kawasi Himde : Why should we educate our children about her case? 
   
 Kawasi Himde is no celebrity or someone from a cosmopolitan city, she is a tribal woman. A few good media tried to cover her news still. Kudos to the ones who are holding the mic behind the screen to bring her story out. The rest of the NEWS media was busy in covering the IPL and...  Continue Reading -> 
  __Aug 13, 2020   7 
 Amazing Arts & Artists : Sketch Photography by Sébastien Del Grosso 
   
  __Jul 22, 2020   2 
 Insights : Rules of Life for Graduates 
   
 Rules of life for graduates Some have said this was from Bill Gates talk to high school graduates but probably he did not say this unless he quoted Sykes. RULE 1 Life is not fair; get used to it. RULE 2 The world won't care about your self-esteem. The world will expect you to accomplish something...  Continue Reading -> 
  __Jul 7, 2020   4 
 Know : Top 60 Green Economy Countries 
   
 This 4th edition of the GGEI is an in-depth look at how 60 countries perform in the global green economy, as well as how expert practitioners rank this performance and ranks based on perception. Performance Rank SCORE 1 Sweden 68.1 2 Norway 65.9 3 Costa Rica 64.2 4 Germany 63.6 5 Denmark 63.2 6 Switzerland...  Continue Reading -> 
  __May 6, 2015   0 
 Amazing Arts & Artists : Line Drawing Illusions by Tango 
   
 Look at these intelligent line drawing illusions. We are unable to find the original artist Tango, but the artist deserves a huge applause for the creative thinking. 
  __Apr 28, 2015   0 
 Open Invitation : Join us for Millions of Children : Voice of Little Hearts 
   
 A real change is possible only when the change begins at the roots; our children are the roots of the world's future. At this very moment somewhere in the world there are organisations and people working their souls for the betterment of the society. Be it the UNESCO or some random human, the world knows...  Continue Reading -> 
  __Feb 2, 2015   3 
 Posts navigation 
 Older Posts 
 Up ↑ 
  PROPEL STEPS  
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
