PJ Bottoms Blog 
 Poetry,TV and TV talk 
 
 Home 
 About Me 
 Teacup Pomeranians 
 TV Shows: The Ones I Watch 
 
 The best of both Davids {American Idol} 
 May 19, 2008 
 For the next two nights we'll see the best of both Davids:  David Archuleta  is young, cute, and has those dreamy eyes. In my day, he'd be on the cover of  Tiger Beat   magazine with the caption, "Win a date with David" and "Inside, new David Archuleta trading cards-collect all 25!" David Archuleta looks like an American Idol. Yes, he's a good singer, too. But the future of   American Idol   depends on fans wanting to watch  American Idol  , and David Archuleta is just the guy whose wholesome good looks can whip fans into a frenzy. I don't think  David Cook  has that kind of charisma. He's older, has an established style, and can play an instrument. He's got the  Zac Efron bangs  going for him, but that's not enough; David Cook has to play his music and sing to inspire his audience. His maturity and raw talent will help him establish a long lasting recording career, but they won't make him an American Idol. I believe David Cook will go on to be memorable, like  Carrie  Underwood  and  Kelly Clarkson . Each finalist has a promising future, but I believe David Archuleta should become an American Idol first.  American Idol  has already launched David Cook's career this season, he doesn't need the title, nor would he represent brand as well as David Archuleta. Be sure to tune in. 
 PJ 
 Rate this: 
 2 Comments  |   America ,  blogs ,  Celebrity ,  Critics ,  Debates ,  Drama ,  E! ,  E! News ,  fabric ,  Fads ,  Family ,  FOX TV ,  insight ,  Mainstream Press ,  Media ,  music ,  News ,  opinion ,  People Magazine ,  PJ Bottoms ,  Pop Culture ,  Reality TV ,  Role Models ,  search terms ,  tabloid press ,  talent ,  Television ,  TV Appearances ,  Uncategorized  | Tagged:  American Idol ,  American Idol brand ,  audience ,  both Davids ,  branding ,  Carrie Underwood ,  charisma ,  David Archuleta ,  David Cook ,  dreamy eyes ,  established style ,  fan frenzy ,  Finale ,  finalists ,  future ,  good looks ,  good singer ,  inspire ,  instrument ,  Kelly Clarkson ,  magazine ,  recording career ,  sing ,  Tiger Beat ,  tune in ,  Zac Efron  |   Permalink 
Posted by pjbottoms 
 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 
 
 
 January 2021 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 
 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 
 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 
 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 31 
 
 
 
 « Jan 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Blog of Interest 
 English Fail 
 FAIL BLOG 
 Reality TV Updates 
 TheImproper.com’s Weblog 
 WordPress.com 
 WordPress.org 
 
 
 
 Dr. Phil 
 
 Dr. Phil Random Quote Generator 
 
 
 
 Political Discussion Links 
 
 Real Clear Politics - Best of the Blogs 
 
 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 
 
 January 2016 
 
 
 July 2015 
 
 
 July 2014 
 
 
 September 2013 
 
 
 April 2009 
 
 
 March 2009 
 
 
 January 2009 
 
 
 December 2008 
 
 
 November 2008 
 
 
 October 2008 
 
 
 September 2008 
 
 
 August 2008 
 
 
 July 2008 
 
 
 June 2008 
 
 
 May 2008 
 
 
 April 2008 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Addressing Some Criticism Of Blackfish 
 8 Travel Itineraries for English Literature Lovers 
 New content coming soon! 
 MELISSA GORGA: Ghostwriter Will Prolly Take Blame… MORE Amazon Customer Reviews!! 
 Al Manzo's Mistress Was the REAL Drama Behind the Scenes This Season of RHONJ 
 
 
 
 Top Posts 
 
 Jessica sent home becuase of an "easy" Golden Retriever {Groomer Has It}  
 
 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 892,190 hits 
 
 
 
 Top Clicks 
 
 realitytea.com 
 
 
 
 Blogs I Follow 
 
 Tamara Tattles 
 The Earthist Chronicles 
 TrashTalkTV 
 theplussideofme 
 The Orca Project 
 Lynnnchicago101's Blog 
 realhousewifeofaiken 
 Friendly Dish 
 TBB Reality 
 Pop South 
 Matt on Not-WordPress, mostly photos 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 America   blogs   Bravo TV   Celebrity   Comedy   Controversy   Critics   Debates   Drama   Entertainment   Fads   Family   Food   Humor   Mainstream Press   Mature Content   Media   News   opinion   parenting   PJ Bottoms   Pop Culture   Reality TV   Restaurants   tabloid press   talent   Talk shows   Television   TV Appearances   Uncategorized 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Tamara Tattles 
 Come for the tea. Stay for the shade. 
 The Earthist Chronicles 
 Whistling past the graveyard and wondering when the revolution will finally begin... 
 TrashTalkTV 
 theplussideofme 
 A blog about the life and fashions of a plus-size woman. 
 The Orca Project 
 Raising Awareness of the Captive Orca Industry 
 Lynnnchicago101's Blog 
 Real Housewives 
 realhousewifeofaiken 
 You fail only if you stop writing. 
 Friendly Dish 
 Suffering from an addiction to the ridiculous real housewives? You've come to the right place 
 TBB Reality 
 Where Reality TV meets Real Life 
 Pop South 
 Reflections on the South in Popular Culture 
 Matt on Not-WordPress, mostly photos 
 Stuff and things. 
 WordPress.com 
 WordPress.com is the best place for your personal blog or business site. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
