Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Full-Time Academic Family Physician, Department of Family Medicine 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 The Department of Family Medicine at McMaster University is seeking a full-time academic family physician to join the department. 
 Would you like to be part of a dynamic clinical team? 
 In this role, you would be joining the McMaster Family Health Team. Named the Family Practice of the Year in 2014 by the OCFP, the McMaster FHT provides the full spectrum of family medicine care to nearly 40,000 patients in Hamilton, Ontario. 
 The Department of Family Medicine trains over 200 residents a year at sites across south central Ontario. We work in a comprehensive interdisciplinary setting, providing early exposure for learners to interprofessional practice and fostering an environment that supports collaboration and innovative practice for our faculty. 
 Would you like to join us? The successful applicants must have CCFP certification and a license to practice medicine in the province of Ontario. A commitment to curiosity and innovation is essential. In addition, a strong interest in obstetrical care and a commitment to full care obstetrics within the context of comprehensive family medicine is required. Previous clinical or academic leadership experience and previous scholarly/academic experience with an interest in assuming educational leadership roles is desirable. Academic rank and salary will be commensurate with experience. For more information about our department, please visit our website at: fammedmcmaster.ca. 
 How To Apply 
 Expressions of interest, along with a curriculum vitae, can be forwarded to: 
 Dr. David Price, Professor and Chair 
Department of Family Medicine 
Faculty of Health Sciences, McMaster University 
 E-mail:  fmchair@mcmaster.ca 
 Fax:  905.521.5594 
 All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply. However, Canadian citizens and permanent residents will be given priority for these positions. 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and, within the lands protected by the “Dish with One Spoon” wampum agreement. 
 In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity, diversity and inclusion. While all qualified candidates are invited to apply, we particularly welcome applications from women, persons with disabilities, First Nations, Métis and Inuit peoples, members of visible minorities, and LGBTQ+ persons. Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact the Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247) or the Faculty of Health Sciences Human Resources office at ext. 22207 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
