Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Technician, Pharmacy 
 Joseph Brant Hospital 
 __Burlington, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Posting #:  0000200491 
 Union:  CUPE 
 Status:  Casual/Relief 
 Shifts:  Days/Evening/Nights/Weekends 
 Rate of Pay:  $29.35-29.95 
 RESPONSIBILITIES: 
As an integral member of the Pharmacy team the Pharmacy Technician will be accountable for many aspects of hospital related drug distribution. As all members of the Pharmacy team, the Pharmacy Technician will work towards providing excellent customer service and quality in a safe and timely manner. The duties will include all aspects of unit dose distribution, such as preparing sterile products (including chemotherapy drugs and total parental nutrition) using aseptic technique;, narcotic and controlled drug management, compounding/manufacturing medications, drug packaging; inventory control functions. They will also be involved in quality improvement initiatives, obtaining Best Possible Medication Histories (BPMH) as part of Medication Reconciliation, and transporting of drugs to patient care areas and other tasks as required. 
 QUALIFICATIONS: 
 
 Completed a Pharmacy Technician Program at an accredited college. 
 Current licensure by the Ontario College of Pharmacists as a Pharmacy Technician and in good standing with the Ontario College of Pharmacists. 
 Minimum of one years' experience in a hospital inpatient pharmacy 
 Knowledge/practice - Keyboarding/computer skills with Microsoft Office (Word, Excel and PowerPoint). Experience with Meditech Pharmacy Module and/or order entry is an asset. 
 Experience using aseptic technique, drug dispensing systems and equipment, pharmaceutical compounding /packaging, pharmaceutical calculations, working knowledge of pharmaceutical and medical terminology. 
 Ability to work under minimal supervision to complete duties. 
 Strong problem solving and organizational skills. 
 Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to work collaboratively in a team environment. 
 Excellent communications skills, both written and verbal required. 
 Experience with interviewing patients, interdisciplinary staff, family members and other care providers is an asset. 
 Experience with Ontario MedsCheck Program or in completing BPMH and medication reconciliations in a hospital setting is an asset. 
 Demonstrated reliable attendance and punctuality. 
 
 EXPECTATIONS: 
Employees are expected to demonstrate our values of compassion, accountability, respect and excellence; to our patients, families and each other; attend work regularly because regular attendance is critical to maintaining this level of excellence. 
 Qualified and interested applicants are encouraged to apply by clicking the "Apply for Job" button and proceed with the necessary steps. Please note that although we appreciate each and every application, only candidates selected for interview will be contacted. 
 Joseph Brant Hospital (JBH) is a visionary community hospital, demonstrating commitment to strong successful relationships between its patients, their families and its health care teams. You will have the chance to join JBH as it embraces the possibilities of a new vision, a new Strategic Plan, and begins the largest capital redevelopment in its history. We are seeking candidates who demonstrate our values of compassion, accountability, respect and excellence; to our patients, families and each other. 
 Joseph Brant Hospital is committed to providing accessible employment practices that are in compliance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act ('AODA'). If you require accommodation for disability during any stage of the recruitment process, please notify Human Resources at 905-632-3737 ext. 4129. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
