
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Director of User Experience 
 Ogletree Deakins Law Firm 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Director of User Experience 
 Ogletree Deakins Law Firm 
 [](mailto:?subject=Director%20of%20User%20Experience&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/14305905/director-of-user-experience/ "Email")  
 Application 
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 January 14, 2021 
 Location: 
 United States 
 __ Show Map 
 Type: 
 Full Time - Experienced 
 Position Summary: 
 Ogletree Deakins has an opportunity for a Director of User Experience to lead a talented 14-member team of Desktop and Application Engineers that are mostly based in our Administrative office in Greenville, South Carolina. 
 The Director of User Experience will be responsible for the creation and execution of the overall strategy to assure that all 2000+ employees of Ogletree Deakins – enjoy the most productive computing experience possible. This is, and will be, achieved through the proper selection and integration of applications – largely complimenting the Microsoft Office Suite -- and the delivery of that application experience to the user in a consistent and reliable manner. Many of those applications will be specific to the practice needs of a top 50 law firm. Emphasis will be on the "modern desktop" and related methodologies to take advantage of the most recent cloud-based technology available. 
 The Director of User Experience will be responsible for the teams that maintain our standard Windows 10 environment as well as the experience people have on their personal devices that include iPhone, Android, MAC and other Windows 10 devices – all controlled with modern mobile device management platforms. These teams are responsible for the quality assurance, and for the change and configuration management of the desktop environment, including image setup/break-fix processes, project management of projects/tasks associated with the end-user PC environment, as well as owning the maintenance, operational stability, and security of the PC environment and the User Experience overall. 
 In addition to executing the strategy, the Director of User Experience and directed teams are responsible for the day-to-day engineering-level troubleshooting of issues and support of all applications through the company. 
 The Director of User Experience will have ultimate responsibility for assuring that training delivery is appropriate for any experience change and coordinate training activity with the firm's training department or other resources. Assuring that every part of the experience is appropriately supported is also a critical responsibility. 
 The Director of User Experience will have the opportunity to work in a very dynamic and innovative environment and will have a chance to contribute to very exciting and cutting edge technology projects. 
 Essential Functions: 
 
 Responsible for development and management of budget related to applications and endpoint experience. 
 Responsible for endpoint hardware selection and hardware vendor relationships 
 Responsible for application vendor relationships 
 Works with law firm's Technology Strategy Committee (TSC) on changes that affect user experience. 
 Works directly with technology management, software engineers and other company areas on highly visible technology projects to achieve company’s strategic IT initiatives 
 Translate the engineering into an optimized user experience that performs on the user workstation/laptop that will allow end-users to work on company-owned equipment, or personally owned, while accommodating the company’s needs for security 
 Evaluate and select appropriate Azure services 
 Be the subject matter expert on User Experience. Maintain technical skills and knowledge to keep up with technical trends and trends in the legal application field 
 Develop and document processes and procedures associated with transformed architecture 
 Ensure front-line support groups have procedures and tools to reimage, troubleshoot the endpoint environment, and manage PC environment related incidents, problems, and requests 
 Ensure the PC environment is stable with all other firm systems, which requires coordinated work with other IT Department teams and other firm administrative departments as required 
 Assists in the inventory of software and PC hardware by developing inventory collection methods in conjunction with other owners of inventory assets 
 Must be passionate about helping people work more efficiently by utilizing technology with little or no downtime 
 Must be proactive in ensuring systems are performing and continue to perform at optimal levels 
 Participates in projects that may require travel to other firm offices 
 
 
 
 S. in Computer Science or related discipline or equivalent experience 
 10+ years' experience with IT engineering 
 5+ experience with law firm desktop orchestration and legal applications 
 Strong project management skills 
 Strong skills with regards to crafting and managing a $5 million + budget 
 Experience with Office 365 administration and application delivery 
 Strong experience with Microsoft SCCM Intune and desktop management, and Microsoft Teams administration and collaboration 
 Knowledge in core infrastructure components such as DNS, DHCP, Active Directory (AD), AD Group Policies, LDAP, LDAP Integration 
 Experience with "zero touch" OS deployment 
 Experience with Exchange online, configuration and account management 
 Azure Modern Identity and modern multi-factor authentication 
 High level of experience with Citrix Virtual Apps and Desktops 
 Microsoft Application Virtualization 
 Experience with PowerShell scripting; Python a plus 
 Experience with Windows Defender ATP, PowerApps and PowerBI a plus 
 Experience with the business of Azure and the management of costs 
 Experience with OneDrive and OneDrive for Business at a corporate level 
 Broad exposure to classic and cloud native architectures and technologies, and the ability to articulate benefits and differences to technical architects and development teams 
 Significant experience with working within an Agile methodology (SCRUM preferred) 
 Vision to work with IT senior leadership to create a roadmap of the milestones necessary for achieving long term goals and the ability to both do hands-on work and lead team 
 
 Please note, we are not working with outside recruiters for this position. 
 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About Ogletree Deakins Law Firm 
 Ogletree Deakins is one of the largest labor and employment law firms representing management in all types of employment-related legal matters. The firm has a reputation for legal excellence and responsive client service. Ogletree Deakins' labor and employment practice is complemented and supported by related practice groups in the areas of business immigration, litigation, employee benefits, occupational safety and health, and construction law. With offices throughout the United States and in Europe, Canada, and Mexico, the firm represents a diverse range of clients. Our depth of experience in labor and employment law has produced a successful track record for our clients - Fortune 50 corporations to start-up companies. Although the size and scope of our practice has grown over the past quarter century, our core values remain constant. We are committed to personalized attention, innovative solutions and old-fashioned hard work. Our approach to providing clients with the resources to solve today's business challenges is always forward-thinking and strategic. We remain committed to providing our clients with an insider's view of the workplace issues of the day. 
 Connections working at Ogletree Deakins Law Firm 
 More Jobs Like This 
 
 
 
 Data Scientist 
 __  Santiago, Chile 
 
 
 
 
 European Southern Observatory 
 __3 Weeks Ago 
 
 
 Software Development and Enterprise IT Director 
 __  Newark, Delaware 
 
 
 Frontier Scientific Inc. 
 __Today 
 
 
 Java Developer 
 __  Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania 
 
 
 OpenArc 
 __5 Days Ago 
 
 
 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
