Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Farm Production Assistant 
 Pacific Northwest Raptors Ltd. 
 __Duncan, BC 
 Apply Now 
 The Raptors is hiring! We are a birds of prey organization with the goal of encouraging conservation through education. Part of our organization is dedicated to sustainable farming and food production, at our nearby farm. 
 The Raptors is looking for a Farm Production assistant who would be helping in all aspects of operating a working farm. The goal is to find a team member who helps to drive us to become more green, environmentally friendly and sustainable in keeping with the conservation mandate of The Raptors. 
 This is a Co-op contract (Jan-April), funded position for an applicant under thirty years of age, and qualified applicants must have a degree or diploma in a STEM field. This is a part-time (2-3 days/week, with flexibility) position 
 Responsibilities would include: 
 · Assisting with all aspects of a working farm 
 · Day to day care and maintenance of food production including produce, apiculture and production animals (quail) 
 · Assisting with food harvesting 
 · Day to day maintenance and care of the farm facilities 
 In addition to various other projects. 
 The suitable candidate would have: 
 ·  (Required for funding)  : A degree/diploma in a STEM field in progress. 
 · Experience with basic animal husbandry 
 · Farming experience (including use of tractors, tools, etc.) 
 · Ability to be adaptable to working on multiple projects 
 · Strong work ethic 
 · Passion for environmental conservation 
 Exceptional candidates may also possess the following: 
 · First aid training and experience 
 · Outdoor field skills 
 · Public speaking and/or education experience 
 Starting wage is $16-$17/hour depending on experience. Criminal record check required. 
 Contract length: 4 months 
 Application deadline: 2020-12-16 
 Job Types: Part-time, Temporary, Contract 
 Salary: $16.00-$17.00 per hour 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
