Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Automated QA Tester (Co Op - Winter term) 
 Reliza 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Reliza is a Canadian startup established in 2019 and operating from Ottawa. We are building state of the art DevOps Release management and compliance platform - Reliza Hub (https://relizahub.com). 
 We are currently hiring an aspiring tech professional for the role of Automation QA Intern. This is a Co Op position for post-secondary students for the Winter 2020 - 2021 term (expected term is January 1 - March 31 2021 with some flexibility). 
 What Will You Do? 
 
 Build automated test framework for Reliza Hub 
 
 What is cool about this position? 
 
 
 Fully remote internship (you may be located anywhere within Canada) 
 
 
 It is a startup so you will work with CEO directly 
 
 
 When your tests start to fail - we will introduce you to code, so you can make a conclusion how things fit together and potentially try to fix bugs you find 
 
 
 Our business is helping software teams build products faster and with higher quality - we believe it gives a great prospective to someone starting in tech 
 
 
 What technologies may be in play? 
 
 Cucumber, TestNG 
 
 What do we expect from you? 
 
 Familiarity with at least one of the following languages: Java, Python, Ruby, Go 
 High degree of organization, ability to work independently 
 
 Some requirements arising from the nature of our Co Op program: 
 
 You must be either a Canadian Citizen, permanent resident or a protected person defined by the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act 
 You must be a registered student in an accredited Canadian post-secondary institution 
 
 Contract length: 3 months 
 Job Types: Full-time, Temporary, Internship 
 Salary: $14.00-$15.00 per hour 
 Benefits: 
 
 Flexible schedule 
 Work from home 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
