
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Research Engineer (Embedded Systems) 
 Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Research Engineer (Embedded Systems) 
 Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution 
 [](mailto:?subject=Research%20Engineer%20%28Embedded%20Systems%29&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/14264816/research-engineer-embedded-systems/ "Email")  
 Application 
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 January 5, 2021 
 Location: 
 Woods Hole, Massachusetts 
 __ Show Map 
 Salary: 
 Open 
 Type: 
 Regular 
 Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution is currently searching for a ** Research Engineer (Embedded Systems)  ** to join the Applied Ocean Physics and Engineering Department. This is a regular, full-time , exemptposition, and is eligible for full benefits. 
 The Applied Ocean Physics and Engineering Department is recruiting qualified candidates for a position in electronic and software engineering in support of applied research and development in underwater robotics, communication, and navigation. The work will involve electronic design, development, and troubleshooting. Additionally, it will require developing embedded firmware for microcontroller-based systems and software for general purpose computers.The position will also involve going to sea to support data collection and experimentation, and post-processing and analysis. 
 With little supervision, works creatively and independently to establish objectives, meet deadlines, and complete difficult engineering assignments by demonstrating full competency in one or more engineering areas; assists substantively in planning technical aspects of experiments, as well as design, testing, and use of major system components. 
 Essential Functions 
 
 Develops major portions of electronic or mechanical systems with supervision consisting primarily of milestone progress reviews; frequently acts as Project Engineer on major projects 
 Conducts hardware developments such as new sensor techniques, autonomous battery-powered instrumentation, control systems for manned and robotic submersibles, etc. 
 Writes complex computer code for use in instrumentation, system modeling, and electronic design 
 Develops new sampling methods involving complex mechanical, electrical, or electronic instrumentation 
 Plays a significant role in report writing and proposal preparation and may single-author results 
 Interacts with scientific and technical staff colleagues to foster research ideas, develop and hone research/experimental skills 
 May supervise one or more Engineering Assistants and/or Engineers 
 
 NON-ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS: 
 
 As deemed necessary by supervisor 
 
 Education & Experience 
 
 Ph.D. in, or Master's degree in electrical engineering or computer science with several years of related experience, or Bachelor's degree in electrical engineering or computer science with more than five years of related experience. 
 
 Required skills of the position include: 
 
 Excellent working knowledge of C and/or C++, Python, and other programming languages such as Matlab, C#, and/or Java 
 Electronic design skills, including schematic-level design, basic layout, and troubleshooting 
 Experience with version control within a team software development environment 
 Experience with programming and debugging embedded systems 
 Experience working with oceanographic systems, including autonomous underwater vehicles 
 Experience with field experiment planning and execution 
 Experience working at sea 
 
 Other skills that are desirable include: 
 
 Experience with FPGAs and Verilog 
 Experience with data analysis 
 
 Special Requirements 
 
 TWIC 
 Must be a US Citizen 
 Must be able to obtain Security Clearance at Secret level or above 
 
 Physical Requirements 
 Physicalduties for this position include but are not limited to, ability to liftless than 25 lbs independently, 2 times per day;carry 10-25 lbs,2 times per day. Visual abilities to include near, far, peripheral, depth perception, and ability todistinguish basic colors. Hearing requirements include the ability to hear and respond to instructions, communicate effectively in loud areas (pier/dock, warehouse).Other physical tasks include occasional prolonged standing/walking; use of hands for basic /fine grasping and manipulation, repetitive motion, reaching above and below the shoulders, pushing, pulling, kneeling, bending, twisting, and stooping. Other occupational requirements include talking, traveling, working around others, and with others. Will be exposed to dust or other irritants and electrical/mechanical/power equipment hazards.Physicalduties are subject to change. 
 Sea Duty 
 May work at least 8 hours per day and, at times in excess of 12 hours per day, 7 days per week. Sleep and work hours can deviate from those on land. May be expected to work on watch schedule (such as 8 hours on and 8 hours off or 12 hours on and 8 hours off) for all or part of a cruise or to work as hours are needed to accomplish the planned work. May need to travel during holidays and for long distances to and from foreign ports. May experience rudimentary living and working conditions, with shared and basic living quarters and laboratories. May experience bad or extreme weather conditions, including heavy seas, winter weather or hot, tropical weather. Work on deck may occur in both hot and cold conditions around the clock. Sea conditions will lead to active ship motion. Should be able to climb steep and vertical ladders and able to enter and exit compartments through hatches, doors, and sills. Should be able to carry heavy gear and participate in the loading and unloading of the ship as well as in the activities on deck and in the labs during the cruise. Shipboard environment may include: confined areas, shared sleeping quarters (berths) and bathroom facilities, small and basic berthing, fixed meal times and basic menus. Modest levels of heating, cooling, ventilation, and illumination, limited or no email and internet access and limited off-duty and recreational facilities (library, lounge, movies). May be exposed to potential allergens and irritants, including paint fumes. May experience constant and intermittent loud noises, and slippery and uneven surfaces. 
 
 
 Internal Number: 2020-1374 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution 
 Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution (WHOI) is the world's leading, non-profit organization dedicated to ocean science and engineering, exploration and education. Come join a diverse organization whose curiosity, creativity, and commitment help improve the world's understanding of the ocean's importance to the plant and to society. Experience a culture of excellence, dedication, innovation and discovery.Please visit https://careers.whoi.edu for a listing of all of our openings and apply today! 
 Connections working at Woods Hole Oceanographic Institution 
 More Jobs Like This 
 
 
 
 Postdoctoral Research Fellowships (Machine Vision/Image Analysis) 
 __  Boston, Massachusetts 
 
 
 
 
 Guillermo J. Tearney, M.D., Ph.D. 
 __4 Days Ago 
 
 
 Research Assistant for wearable dehydration sensor design 
 __  Abu Dhabi 
 
 
 New York University 
 __2 Days Ago 
 
 
 Java Developer, Officer 
 __  Krakow, Poland 
 
 
 State Street Corporation 
 __3 Days Ago 
 
 
 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
