Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 How to Balance Your Career Goals with Family 
 Jerry B. Jenkins    26th August    Career   Leave a Comment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=How%20to%20Balance%20Your%20Career%20Goals%20with%20Family%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fcareer%2Fcareer-with-children%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Don’t apologize for wanting to be an  achiever . 
 You’re willing to work hard. 
 You take the extra assignment. 
 You want to do whatever is necessary to get ahead. 
 While some today use  overachiever  as a derogatory term, you reach for the higher rung — with the best of motives. 
 If your aim is excellence for the sake of your ego, you’re likely headed for  failure . But if you want to shine for the benefit of others, for your employer or because of your faith, you might be amazed at what comes of your efforts. 
 Still you must be careful to remember what really matters. 
 The Important Stuff 
 When I was a newlywed and a publishing executive, I pursued my ultimate dream of becoming a full-time freelance writer by taking assignments on the side from various magazines. 
 Once I happened to interview five men about twice my age, all at roughly the same time. 
 At one point in the interviews I asked each man the same question: What regret do you have at this stage of life? 
 Each said they wished they’d spent more time with  their kids  during the growing up years. 
 I’ll never forget telling my wife Dianna that clearly someone was trying to tell me something. “If I get to that age and have that same regret, I’m going to be without excuse.” 
 Set Some Guidelines 
 We established a policy that once we had  kids , I would do no writing or any office work from the time I got home after work until the kids went to bed. (Of course, sometimes we put them to bed at 4:30!) 
 That also meant no hiding behind the newspaper or planting myself in front of the TV or sticking my nose in a book. Every day I would relieve Dianna from parenting duties and devote myself to our son, and then two sons, and finally three. 
 It’s one thing to tell your family they are your top priority — it’s another to prove it. 
 Kids hear what you say. They believe what you do. Love is spelled  T-I-M-E . 
 The Quality vs. Quantity Time Myth 
 When Dianna and I were raising our sons, experts advised busy parents: If you don’t have a lot of time to spend with your kids, make sure the time you  do  spend with them is quality time. 
 I guess that meant you were supposed to  discuss  the meaning of the universe. 
 My kids often just wanted to climb on me. 
 The eldest and the youngest were talkers. They liked to engage while we played. Our middle son didn’t care so much about talking, as long as we played. 
 While naturally we didn’t agree on everything, none of them rebelled as teenagers. And today, with all of them in their 30s, we’re still close friends. 
 The Surprising Added Benefit 
 Besides the cherished memories of bonding (and a collection of the precious things kids say at various ages), I discovered an unexpected bonus. 
 Though I am the opposite of a  night person , I was forced to push my writing to later in the evening, 9 p.m. to midnight most nights and found myself more productive during those years than in any period since. 
 In fact, I produced an average of  more than five books a year  , despite also working full time. 
 Why? 
 Because I was forced to redeem the time I had carved out to  write . And when I did write, I wrote without guilt. I religiously followed my personal policy and rigidly maintained my priorities. 
 I refused to sacrifice my family on the altar of my career. 
 Do the same, and in your golden years you’ll enjoy the rich benefits of both. 
 (   Photo   by tvol /   CC BY   ) 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 career with children (1) 
 
 
 Work Life (62) 
 
 
 Work-Life Balance (42) 
 
 
 writing (31) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Jerry B. Jenkins  |  Website  |  Other Articles 
 Jerry B. Jenkins has written 187 books with sales of more than 70 million copies. He’s had 21 New York Times bestsellers, including the Left Behind series, and he now shares his writing knowledge with aspiring authors at  JerryJenkins.com . You can grab his free guide for anyone who wants to write a book  here . 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     4 Strategies for Writing a Cover Letter that Persuades, Compels, and Positions  
  _ _     Habits That Annoy Your Cubicle Mates  
  _ _     How to Work Like a Dog  
 
 Discussion 
 
 0 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 No Comments yet, be the first! 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
