Skip to content     Search 
 Search for: 
 thoughts2pen 
 
 Facebook Account  
 insta account  
 twitter account  
 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Get in Touch 
 
 Open Search 
 How she amended some laws of her life to make her legal career successful? 
 
 “I may not be there yet, but I am closer than where I was yesterday” 
 
 Very few people make degree as their passion and profession at the same time. She is one of them. Lets’ meet Asmita Shinde, BA, LLB, LLM, Mumbai based owner of a law firm Asmita & Co., a chamber practice expertise that specializes in IPR (Intellectual Property Rights), Trademarks,  Designs- Patents and Copy Rights. 
 With a contagious smile on her face, she begins narrating her journey of Asmita & Co. which had its own course of ups and downs. But what remained consistent during her journey was her consistent desire to work and be independent. She just loves to work. 
 Dating back to 2005, when she was pursuing her BA, she was all set for earning but was not done learning. Earning was her requirement and learning her personal necessity. She took up a part time job as an assistant coordinator in clinical research department of Nair hospital while she pursued her degree in Law from KC Law College,, Mumbai. She always craved for knowledge. In her 4 years with Nair hospital she made the best use of her exposure to the pharmaceutical domain. On completion of her degree, she joined Athreya Associates where she completed her internship and LLM degree under the guidance of her senior Ms Usha Chandrashekar and worked for a while before she joined one of the top Pharmaceutical Company as a senior legal executive and gained excellent corporate experience in IPR section. 
 When Asmita was at the peak of her career, she had to make the toughest decision of her life. Due to medical reasons and maternity she had to take a break. Break was only a physical thing for her. Her mind refused to take any breaks. With challenges like family dynamics and motherhood she had to slow down her career a bit but utilised the time to upgrade her skills in Law. 
 
 “  **  Never leave a single opportunity to gain knowledge. You never know when and where you will need it **  ”, says Asmita. 
 
 While on break, her husband and parents who have always been her major support during her entire career till today, encouraged her to take up small jobs like drafting agreements, prepare leave and license agreement and so on from home. But she was no satisfied with what she was doing. She wanted to do something more concrete and more professional. She got her first break in 2012 -13 when Ms. Debolina Partap, who is also her Mentor and her guide for growth, helped her with a comeback.  She got her first major, also the most challenging assignment with a Pharmaceutical Multinational Company which she completed successfully with her sister-in law Mansi Shinde, without whom it was not achievable. The assignment gave her good recognition and experience with IPR along with confidence and motivation to start something of her own and that’s when  Asmita & Co. was born. 
 After overcoming initial hiccups like infrastructure and visibility, she was able to establish herself well enough due to her social connects and her ability to keep herself up with the latest knowledge. The trail of her work from past helped her to build her future path. Few Pharmaceutical Multinational Companies are her major regular clients apart from other FMCG companies, individuals and SME clients. 
 Her current challenge is manpower. She works with need base hired employees. But she is working towards expanding her team and come up with a self -owned office in order to function better. 
 Ask her howshe retains her clients and she says in every client she looks for a potential to learn, a new experience to gain and not look at them as an opportunity to make money.   She believes in sharing her knowledge to the fullest when she has to give legal advises. For her, client satisfaction is of utmost importance. This honesty and rapport always get her good references and has helped her get more work. 
 Her strengths are her ability to give quick turnarounds for the work given and her flexibility and ability to connect with clients with ease. She believes in keeping short term goals and takes strategic approach to achieve them before moving on. 
 
 “  **  Perseverance and Patience help you with better achievements. Every risk taken in a business is always worth **  “she says. 
 
 She aspires to do her PhD in next few years and expand her business to a level where she can be recognized widely for her work. Her journey is a true inspiration for people who want to be Self-Employed Professionals. 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) 
 Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Published by vaniskulkarni 
  View all posts by vaniskulkarni  
 __November 30, 2018 
 __ Journeys ,  Stories 
 __ inspiration ,  journey ,  law ,  story ,  womanentrepreneur ,  womanhood 
 Post navigation 
 Top 4 nutrient rich food I chose for my children 
 Blissful Thought! 
 One thought on "How she amended some laws of her life to make her legal career successful?" 
 Add yours 
 
 Suparna  says: 
 
 March 13, 2019 at 1:36 pm 
 Very nicely written. Indeed asmita's life is an inspiration to all who want to do something in their life. Her story tells us how to make full use of time. 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Looking for something? 
 Search for: 
 You may also like to read 
 
 Top 10 important baby care guidelines from 0-3 months 
 Why Speaking In Mother Tongue Is Not Of Primary Importance To Me As A Parent? 
 8 ways to overcome separation anxiety in children 
 Digital Parents –Top 5 things that technology cannot give our children 
 Wake up Girl! 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 Vartika Mehrotra Gak…  on  Why Speaking In Mother Tongue… 
 
 
 
 
 Suparna on  How she amended some laws of h… 
 
 
 
 
 Golden Archives 
 Golden Archives Select Month March 2019  February 2019  January 2019  December 2018  November 2018  January 2018  November 2017 
 Pick your category 
 Pick your category Select Category Journeys Just Thoughts Lifestyle Parenting Sponsored Stories Uncategorized 
 Blog Stats 
 
 436 hits 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 10 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Follow thoughts2pen on WordPress.com 
 Archives 
 Archives Select Month March 2019  February 2019  January 2019  December 2018  November 2018  January 2018  November 2017 
 Categories 
 
 Journeys 
 Just Thoughts 
 Lifestyle 
 Parenting 
 Sponsored 
 Stories 
 Uncategorized 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 Vartika Mehrotra Gak…  on  Why Speaking In Mother Tongue… 
 
 
 
 
 Suparna on  How she amended some laws of h… 
 
 
 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Up ↑ 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
