__  880 North Service Rd, Unit 201, Windsor, ON, N8X 3J5 
 __  226.674.3220 
 __ __ __ __ __ __ 
 __  info@workforcewindsoressex.com 
 Toggle navigation 
 
 
 Jobseekers __
 
 Find a Job 
 Improve Your Skills and Resume 
 Research an Occupation 
 Submit Your Resume 
 Blogs and Videos 
 All Resources for Jobseekers 
 
 
 Employers __
 
 Labour Market Data & Requests 
 Hiring Help 
 Talent Strategies Toolkit 
 Connecting to Classrooms 
 Employer Survey & Results 
 All Resources for Employers 
 
 
 Students & Educators __
 
 Career Navigation Help 
 Experiential Learning 
 Labour Market Information 
 Blogs & Videos 
 All Resources for Educators & Students 
 
 
 Community __
 
 Labour Market Information 
 Talent Strategies Toolkit 
 Finding Programs & Services 
 Census Information 
 Local Immigration Partnership 
 WE Value Partnership 
 All Resources for Community 
 
 
 About __
 
 The Organization 
 The Team 
 The Board of Directors 
 Our Funded Projects 
 Newsletter 
 Media Relations 
 Join the Team 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 Virtual Job Fair Guide for Jobseekers 
 Navigating Virtual Job Fairs 
 Job Fairs are a great resource for jobseekers looking to make a connection with a company or group of companies. As many services shift to a heavier online presence in light of the COVID-19 pandemic, job fairs have also gone virtual. 
 Virtual job fairs are online events held by a variety of companies under one fair or for one single company, just like you would find at an in-person job fair. 
 How do virtual job fairs work? 
 If the virtual job fair is for a variety of companies, each individual company will set up a "booth" full of information and links. These booths are staffed by the company's recruiters or hiring managers, much like in a traditional job fair. If the virtual job fair is for one company, you’ll likely not see the booth set-up. 
 Through videoconferencing and chat, jobseekers have the opportunity to ask questions about company culture, job opportunities, and generally get more information about the company. These virtual job fairs allow the jobseeker to apply for multiple jobs at once and connect with employers, recruiters, and hiring managers. 
 Virtual job fairs should be free to attend for jobseekers. If there is a charge, it's safer to stay away. Do your research. 
 How can you prepare for a virtual job fair? 
 
 Read the details carefully.  Virtual job fair event pages will outline how to register for the event, which location(s) the job fair is recruiting positions in, and which positions are being recruited for. The event information will also describe what you can expect: is it for one company or is it a larger virtual job fair featuring many different companies? Will there be a video chat portion? Are there links, information, and/or webinars available at the company's "booth" at certain times? 
 Research the company or companies you 're interested in working for before the virtual job fair event.  Having some knowledge about the companies and positions ahead of time will allow you to have a more informed conversation about the job opportunities and show the employer that you are interested. Visit the company's website prior to the virtual job fair. See what jobs they list as being open and ask about ones you're interested in applying for and use this information to create a short pitch. 
 Prepare!  Have an introduction ready, have your resume handy, and be prepared to answer questions and ask some yourself about the company. You may be interviewed on the spot, so think about and even write down some answers to interview questions you could be asked. Practice your responses, don't appear to be reading them. 
 Test your tech.  The event details will also include how you'll be interacting in the virtual job fair. For example, Home Depot has been using Webex, a videoconferencing program. Install and run the software ahead of time and familiarize yourself with the program's features. If you're having trouble, search for a tutorial on using the program on YouTube. Make sure you have a good Internet connection, ensure your battery is fully charged, and test your microphone and camera. If possible, attend the virtual job fair using a computer instead of a cell phone. You'll look more professional sitting down in front of a webcam rather than holding the phone up to your face and moving around. 
 Look and act professional.  It may be tempting to dress a little too casually since you'll likely be participating in the virtual job fair from home, but keep in mind that the other party can see you. Dress like you would for an in-person job fair or job interview to make a good impression on your potential future employer. You'll also want to tidy up your background, find flattering camera angles, and make eye contact through the webcam. We cover some great tips on this in our  Video Conference Job Interview Guide . If there is a chat feature for the job fair, use full sentences and proper grammar. 
 Be patient.  This is the first time many employers and jobseekers are holding and participating in virtual job fairs. You may miss the face-to-face interaction of a traditional job fair and feel like you did not receive the attention you normally would. There may also be technical difficulties on your end or the employers' end. Don't stress out about it. If technical issues arise, stay calm and contact the employer afterward and let them know, offering to chat with them further and thanking them for their time. 
 Follow up.  Send a thank you email to those you spoke with at the virtual job fair. This will make you stand out and show the employer that you are interested in working for their company. 
 
 Workforce WindsorEssex has a page featuring upcoming job fairs . If this is something that interests you, be sure to check it out. 
 For additional resources, visit our  Resume Help  page. 
 Have any questions or any additional tips? Please contact: info@workforcewindsoressex.com. 
 __ 
 Share on Facebook 
 __ 
 Share on Twitter 
 Search for: __ 
 OUR POPULAR TOOLS 
     
 
 
 Join the Team 
 Media Releases 
 Media Relations 
 Customer Service Charter 
 Privacy Policy 
 Accessibility Policy 
 Logo & Graphics 
 
 __ __ __ __ __ __ 
 OUR OFFICE 
 Workforce Development Board Windsor Essex 
880 North Service Rd, Unit 201 
Windsor, ON, N8X 3J5 
226.674.3220 
 info@workforcewindsoressex.com 
 Recent Posts 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Workforce WindsorEssex Set to Produce Pandemic Job Search Resources with South Essex Community Council 
 Keeping Motivated in Your Job Search 
 How to Network Virtually 
 Employer Survey Results 
 Job Search and Demand During Lockdown for December 2020 in Windsor-Essex 
 
 Help Us Serve You Better 
 We are collecting data to better understand who is looking for work and what kind of opportunities jobseekers are searching for. This data is completely anonymous and non-personally identifiable. 
 Male  Female  Other 
 Your Age: 
 < 15  15-24  25-34  35-54  55-64  65-74  75+ 
 No Thanks. 
 __ 
