
 Skip to primary navigation 
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to footer 
 
 This site uses cookies. Please review our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy  - by continuing you are accepting them. Click to close this message. 
 Log in 
 | 
 Join 
 
 
 Members home 
 Purpose and fulfilment 
 Finding and getting a new job 
 Self employment 
 Thrive at work 
 Organisational Renewal 
 Leadership & Team Coaching 
 Career Coaching 
 Outplacement 
 The Team 
 News 
 Contact us 
 
 Job losses and outplacement 
 Millions of jobs are going to be lost or, to phrase it more accurately, millions of people are going to lose their employment. 
 Are all of these redundancies, dismissals and un-renewed contracts absolutely necessary? Almost certainly not, and this may be an opportune moment to re-think staffing levels, release certain people and re-balance skills. 
 Most managers are relatively compassionate people, so why don’t many of them offer outplacement? Possibly because: 
 
 They have never heard of it 
 They don’t understand it 
 They think it is expensive 
 They believe to pay for it will make it look like they have money and could have kept people 
 They genuinely have no money 
 The people are leaving, so why worry about them? 
 
 At its core, our outplacement offering is the Work Horizons membership website. This gives 24/7 access to content for job hunting but a great deal besides. Lockdown has been a time for reflection for many people and they want to find employment which will give a much greater sense of purpose; the first section of the website takes members through the thought processes to establish for themselves what that might be. 
 Read more about Outplacement 
 Download our free paper:  Outplacement in an online world 
 Footer 
 About Work Horizons 
 At Work Horizons we are organisational renewal and career coaching specialists. Our employees and associates bring many years’ experience and a firm belief that sustainable success is built on employees and managers who have a clear sense of purpose, aligned with the values and goals of the organisation. 
 Meet the team  |  Statutory information 
 Recent news and commentary 
 Launch Event - Work Horizons Consultancy Practice 
 Paid internship - digital marketing and social media 
 Your chance to shine! A guide to virtual interviews 
 Welcome Aboard! 
 Sleep Your Way to the Top! 
 Contact us 
 Work Horizons is based in Birmingham, UK and we have partners delivering projects and supporting clients throughout the country. 
 You can reach us during UK working hours on  0121 663 1710 . During lockdown and social distancing we may answer a little more slower than usual, so for the fastest response please  contact us by email . 
 (C) Copyright 2016-2021 Work Horizons Limited 
