Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 The Benefits of Working With Inspired People 
 Kayla Albert    30th July    Career   2 Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=The%20Benefits%20of%20Working%20With%20Inspired%20People%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fyour-job%2Finspired%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 When I was hired on at a company I had never dreamed would look twice at me, I was immediately inspired to jump in headfirst. I worked tirelessly to make a good impression and help improve the product we were selling. 
 The inspiration I had stemmed from the newness of the situation and the pride I had in myself and my work. But that newness, the excitement that comes from tackling an unfamiliar project, quickly wore off. 
 So what was the biggest motivation suck? Coworkers that were uninspired and unmotivated to keep working towards something better, something we could all be proud to have our names on. 
 Don’t get me wrong, they had plenty of reason to be unmotivated -- like being under appreciated, underpaid and lacking leadership and direction. But regardless of the reasons, working with uninspired people eventually led me to stop believing in my work and dread every task that came along with it. 
 Inspiration and motivation should grow from within, but there are clear benefits to surrounding yourself with people who believe in what they are doing and are always working to be better and produce better work. 
 Whether it’s coworkers, friends or family members, here are just a few of the benefits of surrounding yourself with inspired,  motivated people : 
 Inspired people generate ideas and ideas create forward movement. 
 If you’re feeling stagnant and stuck in what you are doing, you might believe that is just the way it is -- unless you see someone who is coming up with ideas and taking steps to make change happen. 
 If this is a coworker, their ideas and forward movement can create positive changes in your own job and environment, inspiring you to follow their lead and sparking a  renewed passion  or what you do. 
 Inspired people help create healthy competition. 
 Healthy competition can be a huge motivator, so being surrounded by people who are constantly inspired to formulate new ideas and ways of operating can push you to do the same. 
 Everyone wants recognition and the ability to say that are proud of what they do -- if others are experiencing this, you will be pushed to receive the same reward. 
 Inspired people can open your eyes to the possibilities. 
 I have a friend who works in the same industry as I do and she is constantly looking for new ways to create the life and career she desires. Sometimes her ideas fall flat, but other times she manages to forge a new path that, in turn, inspires me to seek out opportunities where before I saw none. 
 She pushes me to see all the possibilities -- not just what is in front of me in this moment. 
 Inspired people can teach you. 
 Inspired people are naturally curious and motivated to soak in knowledge, therefore they have a lot to share. 
 If you are surrounded by people who are constantly seeking out new information and ways of doing things, you can benefit greatly from their knowledge base -- especially in the workplace. 
 Inspired people tell you why something will work, not why it won’t. 
 Inspired people tend to look towards the positive, therefore, instead of giving you a laundry list of why something isn’t practical or how hard it will be to make it happen, they will tell you why it might actually work. 
 Inspired people will give you ideas -- not squash the ones you already have. 
 Inspired people will shine a light on where your passion lies and where it doesn’t. 
 When you see someone buzzing with excitement over a new project or idea, it forces you to examine if the field of work you are in can spark the same level of excitement in you, or if it’s time to move on to something else. 
 A coworker I once had would go to work far earlier and leave far later than anyone else simply because he loved his job. I was inspired by his dedication and the fact that he had truly  found his calling , but it made me realize that the same work didn’t excite me nearly as much and it was best I move on to something else. 
 Inspired people can help you to be more positive. 
 Inspired people are usually those who see the glass as half full, not half empty. Surrounding yourself with this kind of positivity will inevitably change your outlook, or at least help you to notice when you’re being negative. 
 This can do wonders in changing the way you view your work, your environment, or even your life -- which in turn can spark a motivation you never knew you had. 
 -- 
 Do you have inspired people around you? Let us know your inspiring stories in the comments below! 
 Photo by DepositPhotos . 
 Popular search terms for this article: 
 Powered by Article Dashboard careers computer art ,  Powered by Article Dashboard find a person ,  Powered by Article Dashboard international business school ,  Powered by Article Dashboard great works of art ,  Powered by Article Dashboard create message board ,  Powered by Article Dashboard tim home improvement ,  Powered by Article Dashboard importance of art in schools ,  Powered by Article Dashboard art online selling work ,  Powered by Article Dashboard resume writing software ,  Powered by Article Dashboard careers in computer technology 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 Career inspiration (1) 
 
 
 inspiration (4) 
 
 
 Inspired people (1) 
 
 
 motivated (3) 
 
 
 passion (34) 
 
 
 unmotivated (1) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Kayla Albert  |  Website  |  Other Articles 
 Kayla Albert spent two years plugging away as a freelance writer before taking a job as a community manager for a local newspaper. She enjoys writing about productivity and personal growth topics. You can also find her at  ThinkSimpleNow.com 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     How to Write a Cover Letter That Gets Noticed  
  _ _     The Importance of Vacation Time  
  _ _     How to Deal with Difficult People at Work  
 
 Discussion 
 
 2 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 
 Sam Barai Complaint  on the 26th December 
 
 Reply   
 Sam Barai Complaint rience, Mr Chipkin. This is not groundbreaking changes to image editing and there are several others that are equally as low 
key but they are very useful and helpful in productivity and using the Photoshop programs in everyday work. 
 This keeps you from having various tasks cluttering your main window and, with tabs, you can switch back and forth between the different tasks you are working on. 
 
 Watermelon Salad  on the 27th December 
 
 Reply   
 Appreciate you for sharing these kinds of wonderful articles. 
In addition, the optimal travel along with medical insurance program can often reduce those 
concerns that come with vacationing abroad. A new medical crisis can shortly become extremely expensive and that's absolute to quickly slam a financial load on the family finances. Setting up in place the perfect travel insurance package deal prior to leaving is well worth the time and effort. Thanks 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
