  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
 Link Building 
 
 Link Building Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance Link Building Expert ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/link-building) 
 3 days ago 
 Corcosell 
 Published: 3 days ago  Bids: 1 
 Corcosell.com  i need seo administration in order to get a good posicion in the google search, right now a subpage is the page that appears in the search page but i dont want that 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : SEO 
 Published by:  G. Q. Mexico 
 USD 50 - 100 
 2 weeks ago 
 Looking for Seo Expert 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Bids: 13 
 Hi, 
I have domains and I am working on content and web design, I am looking for SEO service for long term 
 In how many months you can rank these keywords on the first page? 
 buy website traffic that converts. 
buy real human website traffic, 
buy website traffic, 
high quality website traffic 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : SEO 
 What do you need?  : Implement SEO plan 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  J. United States 
 USD 500 - 1,000 
 3 weeks ago 
 Fitness brand 
 Published: 3 weeks ago  Bids: 5 
 We would like to plan some interesting projects regarding our fitness brand. We are looking forward to find someone with passion for great work. 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : SEO 
 What do you need?  : Implement SEO plan 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  G. H. Last reply: 3 weeks ago  Czech Republic 
 USD 100 - 250 
 3 weeks ago 
 Portuguese (pt, br, ao, mz) Linkbuilder Needed - Only Portuguese Na... 
 Published: 3 weeks ago  Bids: 4 
 I need backlinks from quality websites. 
The requirements for the backlinking websites: 
 Websites topics: 
- Web development 
- Web design 
- Hosting 
- Marketing 
- Social Media Promotion 
 No general topics on the websites (world news, politics, movies, celebrities, etc.) - The above topics need to be the main. 
 DR 35+ 
 The last update in the category where the backlink will be posted: 
- Not older than a month 
 Traffic: 
- Websites need to have active traffic. 
 If you can provide link building services and have websites that correspond to the above requirements, please send me the samples with da/dr and ahrefs or similarweb traffic stats. 
 Also, if the price for content is included in the price for link, please let me know. 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : SEO 
 What do you need?  : Implement SEO plan 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  F. T. Angola Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 100 - 250 
 23 days ago 
 Improve page ranking and seo consultancy 
 Published: 23 days ago  Bids: 13 
 To help advise on how to improve seo for a website with clear action plans to boost seo and Alexa ranking. 
 Higher payment if ranking increase to a certain position 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : SEO 
 Published by:  M. Last reply: 22 days ago  Malaysia Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 50 - 100 
 23 days ago 
 Amazon Ppc Expert 
 Published: 23 days ago  Bids: 2 
 We are looking for an Amazon PPC Expert who is a proven Data Scientist to join our team! You will be working for a TOP Amazon e-commerce brand based in the US, with a remote and global team of high achievers. This is a long term, day-shift (2:00 pm to 10:00 pm pacific standard time), 100% work from home position where you will be able to apply your skills in amazon pay-per-click advertising and listing optimization. We will provide you with premium research and bid management tools, as well as top notch training materials to help you stay at the top of your game as our elite Amazon PPC Expert. 
 work location: remote / virtual / work from home 
 core values you must have: 
a growth mindset with hunger to constantly learn and improve your craft 
obsessive attention to detail 
data driven and highly analytical 
can think outside of the box 
a problem solver 
a quick learner 
a good researcher 
a self-starter 
a challenge taker 
 requirements: 
in-depth experience with amazon seller central and amazon ppc management 
mastery in using spreadsheets (pivot tables, vlookup, etc.) 
Experience using Helium 10, Seller Tools, etc. 
Great with numbers 
At least 2 years of demonstrable, hands-on experience in managing and optimizing Amazon PPC campaigns 
Impeccable verbal and written communication & data presentation skills, including an ability to develop and communicate clear, thoughtful, and comprehensive analysis 
Able to work in a fast-paced environment, multi-task, and manage tight deadlines 
Excellent computer skills — MS Office and Google Productivity Suites (Google Docs, Sheets, etc.) 
Fully equipped home office setup; high speed laptop/desktop (preferably with 8GB RAM or higher), fiber internet, backup internet (Wi-Fi LTE) and power back-up 
 A HUGE Plus If: 
You have experience creating and managing Amazon PPC campaigns for a natural topical skincare brand 
You can summarize and present comprehensible data using various data visualization charts and graphs 
 RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Plan, develop, and implement comprehensive strategies to increase sales, visibility, brand recognition and drive sales across Amazon marketplaces 
Plan, structure, and manage all pay-per-click campaigns on Amazon including Sponsored Products, Sponsored Brands, and Sponsored Display 
Track, monitor and analyze data, keyword trends, and all KPI’s to provide solutions, recommendations, actionable insights and strategy to optimize and/or scale campaigns based on product cycles and goals 
Competitor Analysis through Brand Analytics 
Listing creation via intensive keyword research and optimization via KPI including PPC data 
Keyword research and ranking 
Implement and manage all new product launches and promotions 
Monitor and optimize TACoS to improve net profits over time 
Ensure all our KPIs are met or exceed our targets 
Obtain deep, authoritative knowledge on each product in our catalog 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : SEO 
 What do you need?  : Implement SEO plan 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  J. K. Philippines 
 USD 1,000 - 3,000 
 27 days ago 
 Top interior design firms pune : sparcdesign 
 Published: 27 days ago  Deadline: 4 Bids: 0 
 Interior designing for us is the work of pure art and sheer dedication. Our approach towards interior designers in pune is just like creating an artwork on a blank canvas, thoughts, feelings, and interactions painted out on a differently shaped and sized canvas every time. Innovation and out of the box thinking finds its place in all our projects, as we pay special attention to intricate details and include local craftsmanship to bring out the best-combined experiences. 
[ https://sparcdesign.co.in/interior-designer-firm-in-pune/] 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : SEO 
 What do you need?  : Implement SEO plan 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  S. D. India 
 USD 100 - 250 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
