Work In Finland  Jobs in Finland for English speaking professionals and more 
 JOB SEEKERS   RECRUITERS 
 Menu 
 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 Finland News 
 Contact 
 Advertise with Us 
 Login/Register 
 Submit a Job 
 
 Job categories 
 
 New Jobs 
 Agriculture Jobs 
 Construction Jobs 
 Education Jobs 
 Finance Jobs 
 Health Jobs 
 Hospitality Jobs 
 IT Jobs 
 Office Jobs 
 Other Jobs 
 
 Search 
 Radius: Auto 1 km 5 km 10 km 50 km 100 km 1,000 km 5,000 km 
 5 Aug  2013 
 Full-Time Data Center Environmental and Safety Technician (Specialist) 
 Google Finland Oy -  Kymenlaakso  , Finland 
 NOTE:  This job listing has expired and may no longer be relevant! 
 Job Description 
 The Data Center team designs and operates some of the most sophisticated electrical and HVAC systems in the world. Facilities Technicians on this team operate, monitor and support all facilities activity at Google's data centers. 
 You take ownership of the operation and maintenance of water pumps and treatment systems, HVAC, UPS, generators, electrical distribution and control and monitoring Systems. You're at the forefront of best-in-class environmental practices. You bring the ideas of our Data Center Engineers to life and develop creative approaches to reducing operational costs while improving efficiencies. 
 You ensure that problems are identified and repaired quickly, that contractors deliver quality services and preventive maintenance, and that safety measures are being performed. In emergency situations or abnormal conditions, you respond to data center performance issues and outages to minimize the recovery time from failures. 
 Responsibilities 
 Prepare or oversee the completion of site specific environmental permitting (e.g., wastewater, air) and environmental summary tables/charts. Complete or ensure completion of monitoring activities as required by permits and/or company procedures. Conduct or ensure environmental/safety training is completed. 
 Also, ensure that environmental and safety incidents are properly investigated and reported. Investigate and resolve environmental/safety questions or issues. Participate in and/or facilitate environmental/safety meetings and inspections. Perform all tasks in a safe and efficient manner and adheres to all environmental/safety regulations pertaining to each job assignment (i.e., wear safety glasses, hearing/personal protective equipment). 
 Minimum qualifications 
 Experience with plant operation or working knowledge of EPA/OSHA regulations and training experience. 
 Preferred qualifications 
 BA/BS in Engineering, Environmental Science, Safety or related field (In lieu of degree, relevant skills or equivalent experience). Communication and organizational skills. Must be able to access all parts of the datacenter, climb stairs, roof access ladders, uneven work surfaces, etc., don appropriate personal protective equipment, and travel to various site locations up to 50% of the time. 
 HAZWOPER, Hazardous Materials, and OSHA 30-hour not mandatory as this training can be provided. 
 Area 
 Behind everything our users see online is the architecture built by the Technical Infrastructure team to keep it running. From developing and maintaining our data centers to building the next generation of Google platforms, we make Google's product portfolio possible. 
 We're proud to be our engineers' engineers and love voiding warranties by taking things apart so we can rebuild them. We're always on call to keep our networks up and running, ensuring our users have the best and fastest experience possible. 
 How to Apply 
 Please  Sign in  or  Register , and upload a CV in order to see the How to apply details. 
 _Job Categories: Construction Jobs in Finland . Job Types:  Full-Time . _ 
 1883 total views, 1 today 
 Related jobs in Finland 
 
 Type
Related Ads
Job 
 
 
 
 Location
 Finland 
Date Posted
 26 Jan  2021
2. Type
Full-Time
Job
 Construction Site Supervisors 
Location
 Kilpilahti,06101 PORVOO  FI
Date Posted
 5 Aug  2014
3. Type
Full-Time
Job
 EMPLOYMENT FOR CONSTRUCTION AND BUILDING WORKER 
Location
 United kingdom 
Date Posted
 15 Jun  2017 
 
 Register your CV for FREE 
 
 Register as a Job Seeker to submit your CV. 
 
 Submit a Job 
 
 Starting at  € 99.00  for  30 days 
 
 
 5 of total 4528 Live CVs 
 
 
 * Browse by…
 
 
 
 Tags 
 
 
 Job Type 
 
 Freelance 
 Full-Time 
 Internship 
 Part-Time 
 Temporary 
 
 
 
 Job Salary 
 
 100,000 and above 
 20,000 - 40,000 
 40,000 - 60,000 
 60,000 - 80,000 
 Less than 20,000 
 
 
 
 Job Category 
 
 Agriculture Jobs 
 Construction Jobs in Finland 
 Education Jobs in Finland 
 Featured 
 Finance Jobs in Finland 
 Health Jobs in Finland 
 Hospitality Jobs in Finland 
 IT Jobs in Finland 
 Office Jobs in Finland 
 Other Jobs in Finland 
 
 
 
 Date posted 
 
 Today 
 This Week 
 Last Week 
 This Month 
 
 
 
 dedicated 
 
 
 finnish 
 
 
 Freelance 
 
 
 fresh graduates 
 
 
 hard working 
 
 
 honest 
 
 
 internship 
 
 
 language 
 
 
 Part Time 
 
 
 proofreader 
 
 
 retired 
 
 
 Social Media 
 
 
 Work from Home 
 
 
 
 
 Our Prices 
 
 €99.00 
 
 
 
 1 job only 
1 Jobs lasting 30 days, usable within 30 days 
 * €249.00
 
 10 Jobs Pack 
10 Jobs lasting 30 days, usable within 365 days 
 * €999.00
 
 UNLIMITED Pack 
Unlimited Jobs lasting 30 days, usable within 365 days 
 
 
 Related Blog Posts 
 
 Google Extending in Finland: new centre, new jobs! 
 Finland Hosts First 3D Printer for Photonics Manufacturing 
 Finnish Mud Running Competition Coming Up Soon 
 Seven Finnish Companies in Dow Jones Sustainability Index 
 
 
 
 * [Subscribe](http://feeds.feedburner.com/JobsInFinland)  
 
 Receive the latest job listings 
 
 Follow Us 
Come join us on Twitter 
 
 
 
 Resources 
 
 Finland News 
 Career Advice 
 Work in Finland 
 Finland Immigration 
 
 
 
 Loved and Trusted by: 
 
 
 
 * [Error - An access token is required to request this resource.](https://www.facebook.com/workinfinland)

* [1298](https://twitter.com/workinfinland)

* [](https://plus.google.com/+Workinfinland/posts)
 
 Made with love for  Finland 
 
 About 
 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 Finland News 
 Contact 
 Advertise with Us 
 
 Resources 
 
 Finland News 
 Career Advice 
 Work in Finland 
 Finland Immigration 
 
 Trusted By 
 
 Copyright (C) 2009 - 2021 Work In Finland. 
 We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. 
 ACCEPT   See details  
