  
 Work-for-RVers-and-Campers.com 
 Menu 
 
 RVers: Start Here
 
 Workers On Wheels Home 
 Announcements 
 WOW E-mail News 
 Help Wanted Ads for RVers 
 Featured Employers 
 Home Biz Op Directory 
 Work Wanted Ads from RVers 
 The Basics for Working RVers 
 Workers On Wheels Blog 
 
 
 RV Work
 
 Bob's RV Work Articles 
 Campground Work 
 Property Caretaking 
 Flea Markets 
 Network Marketing 
 Temp Agencies 
 Teaching Jobs 
 Volunteering 
 Online Work 
 
 
 More RV Work
 
 Writing for Profit 
 Agricultural Jobs 
 Disney Jobs 
 Employment 
 Referral Fees 
 RV Home Business 
 Seasonal Jobs 
 Tourism Jobs 
 Website Building 
 Tips for Working RVers 
 
 
 RV Work Lifestyles
 
 Dream Jobs 
 RVing w/ Kids 
 Single RVers 
 Survey Polls 
 Testimonials 
 Worker's Stories 
 
 
 RV Work Resources
 
 Mail Service 
 Resume Help 
 Questions/Answers 
 Taxes 
 Tax and Legal 
 Books 
 Mags/Newsletters 
 
 
 WOW Admin
 
 About Us 
 Privacy Policy 
 Disclosure 
 Contact the Editor 
 Site Search 
 
 
 
 
 Job Titles: Don't Assume They Describe the Position You Envision 
 Job titles may or may not tell you about the actual job duties. Your idea of what a "manager," "camp host," or "caretaker," is may not be the same as the person's who placed the Help Wanted ad. 
 Job Titles Aren't Job Descriptions 
 Traditionally, "manager" has meant the person in control. The manager was the one who made decisions, supervised staff, and had responsibility for seeing that things got done and that the business was on the right track. 
 Now days, it seems that "manager" is often nothing more than a vanity title. It could be a position asking for a "manager" is really seeking someone to clean bathrooms and cut weeds, and who has no decision making authority. 
 If you are tired of having the responsibility and headache that comes with being in management, don't let the "manager" job title keep you from applying from for the job. Similarly, if you do want to have some control and authority in your position, don't assume that just because "manager" is listed in the Help Wanted ad that you will actually have any decision making authority. 
 What is a "camp host" and what are camp host duties? Depends. Some camp hosts provide a presence at the campground. They are they to keep an eye on things. They report problems to the authority in charge. They may chat with campers and offer a smiling face. However, some camp hosts are expected to be janitors and lawn maintenance workers. 
 "Caretaker" is another one of those job titles that can mean very different things. Bob and I have had a number of property caretaking gigs and the arrangements varied greatly. With one, we lived elsewhere. Our caretaker duties were to pick up the mail once a week and to check on things when we delivered that mail. We've also done property caretaking where we lived on the premise, and our only "job" was to have our RV parked there and provide a lived in presence. 
 Some property caretaking positions pay wages. We've had some where we lived on-site and were paid hourly wages for performing certain tasks. If you look at positions advertised in The Caretaker Gazette, you'll see they include estate managers and other employment that pays an annual six-figure salary. 
 The time to ask about the specific job duties and how much time allowed for doing them is before you accept the job. To avoid confusion later on, get it in writing. Don't rely on the job titles to tell you what the job entails or what the compensation entails. 
 Ream more practical articles for working RVers and campers. 
 Go to our blog to see what's new here on Workers On Wheels - Work-for-RVers-and-Campers.com and to find more info about earning a living while full-time RVing. 
 Disclosure: We receive compensation from advertisers, affiliate relationships, and site sponsors  
 Jen Work Camping 
 Most Recently 
 
   
   
   
 
 
 
  Galveston Island RV Resort Galveston, Texas  
 
 
 Jan 23, 21 08:09 PM 
 TX: Work Near the Beach - Pay TX: Galveston Island RV Resort, Galveston, Texas. TX Gulf Coast Beach across the street. Family owned and operated park 
 Read More 
 You can produce an income Work Camping. 
 Work Camping- What is it all about. Click this link for Video 
 https://youtu.be/ujOOPEbJGvY  
 
 Coleen and Bob Workers On Wheels Founders 
 
 
 Post Your Help Wanted Ad on Workers On Wheels 
- Click Here 
 *** 
 
 
 
 
 
 Copyright 1992-2020 All Rights Reserved - No reproduction permitted without written permission. 
 Contact Info  -- Jim Erickson, Workers On Wheels, Work-for-RVers-and-Campers.com 
 Disclosure: This site provides helpful and entertaining information thanks to compensation received from quality advertisers and affiliate relationships. 
 Privacy Policy 
 Workers On Wheels is our website and newsletter about working while RVing -- working while living in a home on wheels. There are so many kinds of work to do while RVing and camping (what some campers call workcamping or work camping). We help RV workers -- whether snowbirds or full-time RVers -- find campground jobs, volunteer jobs, jobs with RV spaces, seasonal jobs, mobile employment, short-term paid employment, and other ways to earn an income and cut expenses while enjoying life in a recreational vehicle. Thanks for visiting our WOW website! ~ Jim, your Workers On Wheels editor, at work-for-RVers-and-campers.com
*[Jan 23, 21 08:09 PM]: 2021-01-23T20:09:48-0500 
