
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Look At This! it's a Full-time job 
 Hub is looking for a Freelance Design Director in San Francisco, CA, USA. 
 About 
 We're looking for a Design Director to work remotely (obviously), lead teams of designers and also feel completely comfortable jumping in and pushing pixels themselves. We work on fun projects with fun clients and fun people. We need you to be one of those people. We also need you to be a person who takes their craft very seriously and is able to bring a clean, smart and beautiful design esthetic into everything you do. You will be working with our Creative Directors, internal designers and a team of freelance talent to bring ideas to life. These projects include, but are not limited to brand design, web design and perhaps some advertising. We’re open to a senior designer ready to take the leap and lead a team or someone with a bit more experience, as long as you’re able to hop on board seamlessly and easily roll with all the punches (we won’t actually punch you). We aren’t going to list a bunch of bullet points with the things a Design Director is expected to do, if you are this person, you’ll know. Have a look at our work and if it seems like a place you’d fit into, send us your work and we’ll get in touch to talk more. 
 A bit about HUb: 
HUb is based in San Francisco, CA. We are an integrated strategy, design, advertising and production company. We work on a freelance model, so we bring in teams of senior creatives on a project by project basis based on the client’s needs and esthetic. These teams are led by our in-house Creative Directors to make sure the work is all tight, on brief and beautiful. This approach allows us to hand pick and work with the talent we put on each gig to create a truly integrated creative resource for our clients. It’s also why we are able to do everything from identity design to radio spots really, really well. We work with a wide range of clients from start ups to global corporations. We do good work and we have fun doing it. 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7949-hub-freelance-design-director  
 On-site required? 
 No 
 Experience 
 6-9 years 
 Skills 
 Creative Direction, Design 
 Date Posted 
 January 11, 2021 
 Managed By 
 Hub San Francisco 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
