Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Manager, Outpatient Oncology 
 Trillium Health Partners 
 __Mississauga, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description: 
 Position:  Patient Care Manager, Outpatient Clinics and Chemotherapy 
 Status:  Regular Full-Time 
 Dept:  Regional Cancer Centre 
 Site:  Credit Valley Hospital 
 Job Description: 
Trillium Health Partners (THP) is one of the largest community-based acute care facilities in Canada. Comprised of the Credit Valley Hospital, the Mississauga Hospital and the Queensway Health Centre, Trillium Health Partners serves the growing and diverse populations of Mississauga, West Toronto and surrounding communities and is a teaching hospital affiliated with the University of Toronto. 
 Our Mission:  A New Kind of Health Care for a Healthier Community 
 When we set out to build our vision and future, we connected with our community - patients, families, visitors, physicians, staff and volunteers. The foundational goals of our new strategic plan - quality, access and sustainability - anchor everything we do. Our mission for a new kind of health care is built on an inter-connected system of care organized around patients - inside and outside the hospital. 
 At THP, we are relentless in providing high quality, compassionate care to our communities and take great pride in fostering an inclusive and accessible environment and we are all accountable for contributing to a healthy, safe and respectful environment for healing and promoting excellence in patient care though advancing patient and staff safety. If you are passionate about what you do, motivated to improve the health of the community, committed to excellence, quality and patient safety we would like you to join our Better Together team! 
 Trillium Health Partners provides world-class cancer care and treatment. The integrated cancer program provides specialized inpatient and outpatient cancer care and support services including: 
 Surgical Oncology Clinics 
Radiation Oncology 
Palliative Oncology 
Systemic Treatment (Chemotherapy) 
Inpatient Oncology 
Oncology and Palliative Care (Inpatient Units) 
Psychosocial Oncology and Supportive Care 
Diagnostic Assessment Clinic for suspected Lung/Thoracic, Breast, Hepato-Pancreatic Biliary and Rectal cancers, and a Diagnostic Assessment Clinic for patients in the post-diagnosis stage of their prostate cancer 
Integrated Cancer Screening Program 
 We are committed to providing the most compassionate, high-quality care for patients in our community 
 Responsibilities: 
The Patient Care Manager will be part of a team that embraces diversity with a multicultural population. 
The patient Care Manager will have a strong foundation of both clinical practices and business acumen including a strong understanding of core operations, finance, and clinical skills required for oncology care and services. By partnering with the Regional Cancer Centre Leadership Team, and having knowledge of core clinical and quality practices, the Ambulatory Manager will plan and execute strategic goals and policies throughout the center. 
Previous experience within an outpatient clinical setting will provide the Manager with the necessary knowledge required to lead their team of dedicated healthcare professionals. 
Demonstration of Transformational Leadership qualities will be an asset to effectively lead others (Peers, staff, patients, & families) in order to meet the demands and accountabilities off the Regional Cancer Centre. 
Organize and prioritize work of the patient care team. 
Facilitate interdepartmental collaboration and fosters a culture of shared leadership within the leadership and inter-professional team. 
Assure continuity of care as patient’s transition across the continuum through appropriate patient education and coordination of services. 
Accountable for identifying barriers to patient care and creating solutions. 
Train, coach and assist team members to ensure optimum patient care and efficient use of resources. 
Responsible for the integration of innovation and research based findings into daily patient care practices in partnership with Professional staff and Clinical Nurse Educators to improve practice and care delivery. 
Participate in/lead evidenced based practice projects. 
Participate in the redesign of care delivery and Models of care for the Regional Cancer Centre. 
Actively seeks to solve problems rather than creating or supporting the development of work arounds. 
Collaborate with others in quality and performance improvement efforts. 
Ensure integration of safety and quality standards into practice and delivery of team care. 
 Qualifications: 
A Baccalaureate degree in Nursing or Health disciplines - health administration, or a related program required. Master’s preferred. 
Regulated Health Professional in good standing with applicable Regulatory College. 
Strong clinical background in oncology care, including demonstrated knowledge of current best practices. 
Three years of formal or informal leadership experience, and at least 5 years relevant experience in a hospital or clinical outpatient setting. 
Demonstrated evidence of innovative leadership and critical thinking, with proven ability to foster a collaborative team and patient/family approach to decision making. 
Demonstrates effectiveness in all categories of the LEADS framework at the management level. 
Superior communication, team building, conflict resolution and problem solving skills within an interdisciplinary milieu. 
Proven success in managing change and fostering a positive workplace culture. 
 Proven leadership and management skills including:  critical and innovative thinking, problem solving, decision making, and managing projects and change. 
Proven success in the development and implementation of strategic objectives including quality indicators, volume targets, and budget management. 
Proven experience in leading collaboratively with physician partner(s). 
 Position Location and Travel:  Travel between sites of Trillium Health Partners may be required. 
 Internal Candidates who believe they possess the necessary qualifications and experience for this position and who have been in their current position for at least six (6) months are encouraged to apply. 
 To pursue this career opportunity, please visit our website:  www.trilliumhealthpartners.ca 
 Trillium Health Partners is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering a healthy, safe and respectful environment for healing, based on our values compassion, excellence and courage. To be Better Together, we commit to fostering a respectful workplace culture that promotes a safe and supportive environment for everyone who provides care, supports caregiving, receives care or visits the hospital. 
 In accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005 and the Ontario Human Rights Code Trillium Health Partners will provide accommodations throughout the recruitment and selection process to applicants with disabilities. If selected to participate in the recruitment and selection process, please inform Human Resources of the nature of any accommodation(s) that you may require in respect of any materials or processes used to ensure your equal participation. 
 All personal information is collected under the authority of the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act. 
 Trillium Health Partners is identified under the French Language Services Act. 
 We thank all those who apply but only those selected for further consideration will be contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
