  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
 IT 
 
 IT Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance IT Expert ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/it) 
 3 years ago 
 Asistente Video - Transcoding - Subtítulos - Control de clips en Ex... 
 Published: 3 years ago  Bids: 7 
 1. Managing the reception of the additional Audios(Dubbing) and export in AIFF 
2. Managing the reception/check/export and distribution of the subtitle files to the playouts. 
3. Transcoding videos for Low resolutions 
4. Exporting pieces for Promos. 
5. Transcoding promos to Broadcast files 
6. Creating the Excel sheets with new coming files and following all stages of procedures for subtitles and Video files. 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Small 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Long-term position 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 Published by:  J. R. United States 
 USD 100 - 250 
 3 years ago 
 Auxis Costa Rica 
 Published: 3 years ago  Bids: 5 
 "• Industry experience within bio-tech, life sciences, or high tech is preferred. 
• Deep experience and expertise in designing Master Data Management solutions. Experience in CC 360 implementation is a plus. 
• Previous experience in several complex Master Data Management projects (technologies including MDM tools, Data Integration tools, Data Modeling tools) 
• Experience in ETL development in Informatica (Power Center/Cloud), SQL Server, SSIS, and related Microsoft technologies is required. 
• Ability to document the design of complex Master Data Management solutions, source-to-target mappings, MDM architecture design considerations and trade-offs, etc. 
• As an MDM developer, work closely with the technical lead/Solutions Architect to ensure that MDM application is coded & configured as per design" 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Medium 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Experience in this type of projects  : Yes (I have managed this kind of project before) 
 API Integrations  : Other (Other APIs) 
 Published by:  M. M. Costa Rica 
 Less than USD 50 
 3 years ago 
 Ui Developer 
 Published: 3 years ago  Bids: 11 
 We are looking someone who’s focus and interest is on the front-end. However we don&#039;t want just a ui designer we need someone with knowledge of  asp.Net  mvc as well. 
 Requirements 
- 5 years experience in front end development 
- MVC Front end developer 
- A good eye for design and likes creating beautiful and user friendly websites 
-  ASP.NET  MVC (C#) 
- HTML/CSS/Javascript 
- jQuery 
- Bootstrap 
- Bower 
- Sass or less 
- Experience with Azure is a plus 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new custom site 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : Full time 
 Experience in this type of projects  : Yes (I have managed this kind of project before) 
 Roles needed  : Designer, Developer 
 Published by:  A. Canada 
 USD 1,000 - 3,000 
 4 years ago 
 Piccolo It 
 Published: 4 years ago  Bids: 3 
 System totvs series 1 retail - deployment and support * support, network administration. * Inventory management equipment. * Windows 7/8/10, ms office 2007/10/13, en office. 
 
 Router, wireless printer, smartphone; * Windows server 2008/2003 * knowledge in Photoshop (basic) * administration internal service; * design, development and consulting equipment Informatica * administration of servers: domain controller (ad, dhcp, dns, backup vpn, file server), * firewall, vpn, panel email, tracker (users, groups, permissions, configuration), backup & restore, control licenses, * installation and configuration hardware, software, ms office, printer, wireless, smartphone, documentation. * Knowledge in unwinding of sites in Joomla, WordPress and Magento fluency in Portuguese , Italian and intermediate in English. 
 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Time required  : Less than 5 hours 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  D. D. F. Malta 
 Less than USD 50 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
