Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 Is it a Job, Career or Your True Calling? 
 Rajiv Vij    17th August    Career   10 Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Is%20it%20a%20Job%2C%20Career%20or%20Your%20True%20Calling%3F%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fcareer%2Ftrue-calling%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 As Woodrow Wilson once remarked, “  We are not here to merely earn a living and to create value for our shareholders. We are here to enrich the world and make it a finer place to live. We will impoverish ourselves if we fail to do so.” 
 Are you really happy at work?  Do you jump out of bed each morning and look forward to getting started at your true calling? Do you have a  great sense of fulfillment from your job ? If the answer to any of these is ‘NO’ for you, then you may want to read on to discover why this is happening and what you can do about it. 
 How do we choose our profession? We typically decide it based on whatever offers the best mix of career prospects, financial rewards, status, security and challenge in the overall context of our skills. How come so many people are not that happy with their work then? 
 Dissatisfied Employees 
 A variety of research reveals the lurking sense of dissatisfaction among a large proportion of the employee workforce. Towers Perrin, a leading employee research and consulting firm, found only 17% of 35,000 employees surveyed as ‘highly engaged’. 
 While the leaders of organizations have a role to play in correcting this dismal situation through greater empowerment, creating opportunities for greater learning and growth and better matching employees’ skills and jobs, this state is also a reflection of the prevailing confusion at individual employee level. They are either in a job that doesn’t match their skills or they are  pursuing it for the wrong reasons . 
 Lack of Purpose 
 While we have some broad criteria to make choices about our career, we often lack clarity about the core purpose of our professional life. No wonder then, we are easily swayed by what seems like a popular ladder to climb. For example, with disregard to their real interest or aptitude, we have hordes of MBAs chasing investment banking or consulting jobs. Looking out for quick success, we are then disappointed at any pace of personal growth that’s slower than expectation. 
 Besides, surrounded by social categorization of ‘winners’ and ‘losers’, and accordingly accustomed to constant comparison, we are quick to feel dissatisfied when our progress appears undermined by someone else’s faster advancement. Attracted towards financial rewards, we find the compensation perpetually short of our fast growing aspirations. We come to recognize the emptiness of single-mindedly chasing financial goals. 
 Further, having grown up with modern society’s premium for perfection, employees search for perfection in their work, boss, colleagues and rewards, and are easily dissatisfied at the mix the job offers. Clearly, their engagement levels take a hit. 
 Finally, people build such a strong correlation between their work and life that they are preoccupied with work all the time. With such a strong identification, any ups and downs at work have an immediate impact on their emotional and mental well-being, and consequently on  their state of happiness . 
 Is it a Job, Career or Your True Calling? 
 While reflecting on your professional life, the key issue that you need to address for yourself is what you are really after – is it a job, a career or your true calling? A detailed study of attitudes and general orientation towards work, done by Dr. Amy Wrzesniewski, a professor of business at the New York University, showed workers broadly divided into three groups – those who saw their work as a  job  , those as a  career  , and finally those as their  calling . 
 The people in the first group are in employment because they really need the money to run their household. While the socio-cultural environment of the work place can have a positive influence, the monthly paycheck is important to them. They would perhaps be willing to consider moving to another organization for a higher salary. 
 The second group is focused on building a career – they are driven more by the position, career growth, opportunity for recognition, and the prestige of their roles. While they tend to have a longer-term perspective towards their work, they can easily get de-motivated when their string of promotions begins to slow down or stop. 
 Finally, there are a small percentage of people, who are engaged in what is their true calling. They have a deeper connection with their profession, are inspired by their purpose, and every day, work is like play for them. Needless to add, they form the happiest group. 
 In that background, it’s critical to explore whether you are pursuing a job, a career, or your true calling? Do you want that Silicon Valley job because of its lucrative prospects or because you find true meaning in your work?Are you engaged in your current business because of the social change it brings about or the money and the status? 
 Time to Pause and Reflect 
 We are so consumed by our whirlwind of activity that we fail to stop and reflect on these issues. While we are preoccupied with climbing the corporate ladder, rarely do we pause and wonder if our ladder is leaning against the right wall in the first place. 
 What is it that you love doing the most? What are you passionate about and what brings you alive? What work would you engage in if you had no other considerations? How could you use your talents to make a difference to society? Stepping back and deliberating on these thoughts can provide you the stimulus towards discovering your deeper purpose and true calling. 
 Some of us do end up creating the time and space to contemplate the answers but then hesitate to follow them through for a variety of reasons – fear of stepping out of comfort zone or perception of low potential material rewards or other apprehensions. 
 The Eightfold Path of the Buddha 
 The Buddha preached an eightfold noble path as means for one’s awakening. Among Right speech, Right effort, Right action, Right mindfulness, Right concentration, Right understanding and Right view, he also recommended Right livelihood. Finding your calling, and engaging in the work associated with that, takes you a step closer to what the Buddha referred to in Right livelihood and thereby, towards a more meaningful life. 
 As you determine your calling and make a conscious choice to follow it, you take a leap towards not only loving your work but also creating a happier and fulfilling life. 
 Are you working at a job, a career or a true calling? Share your story. 
 Photo by =Lonely.X.Poet=  via Flickr. 
 Popular search terms for this article: 
 career vs job ,  job vs career ,  job vs career vs calling ,  job career calling ,  career or job ,  career vs calling ,  calling vs career ,  job versus career ,  job vs calling ,  Career versus job 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 Career (5) 
 
 
 Goals (58) 
 
 
 job (3) 
 
 
 life (6) 
 
 
 true calling (1) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Rajiv Vij  |  Website  |  Other Articles 
 Rajiv Vij is a life and executive coach and works with leaders in the business, public and social sector to help them discover and fulfill their potential. Prior to starting his coaching practice, her served as Managing Director, Asia for one of the leading global investment management firms. He also writes a blog on the  journey of personal mastery  and its impact on our lives and the world around us. 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     5 Tips for a Bigger Better Career  
  _ _     How to Get a Job & Beat Unemployment  
  _ _     How to Get the Salary You Deserve  
 
 Discussion 
 
 10 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 
 Lee  on the 17th August 
 
 Reply   
 Very insightful points you've made here. Thanks for the share! 
 
 Siosism  on the 17th August 
 
 Reply   
 This came at the right time. Thanks for the reminder as to what matters most. Sometimes we get caught up in creating an "us vs. them" scenario because we've failed to follow our true calling and, thus, take it out on others. Everyone plays their part but, as Neale Donald Welsch said, "When everything changes, change everything." 
 
 Ciara  on the 18th August 
 
 Reply   
 I love this post, something everyone needs to read!!!! I actually was just speaking on this the other day to my friends! 
 P.S I loveeeee the blog! 
 http://theprevailingeffect.blogspot.com/ 
 
 Daquan Wright  on the 19th August 
 
 Reply   
 http://www.engineergirl.org/CMS/WhyBeAnEngineer.aspx 
 I recently became inspired to study math and physics more seriously after reading that and some math. 
 While I was pursuing CS because I like computers, money was always on my mind. I've recollected my thoughts and started thinking I should focus on improving my logical reasoning, as well as building meaningful applications that make the digital realm more pleasant to use. Job security should always be important, bill collectors don't care about how passionate you are and that is a reality. 
 But the key to being happy is doing work that makes a different and you caring about that difference. My way of thinking about my field and research have almost been reversed, as I've come to realize just how much passion matters for good mental health in the long term. 
 
 Rajiv Vij  on the 20th August 
 
 Reply   
 Thank you Lee, Siosism, Ciara and Daquan for sharing your thoughts and your personal connections! 
 
 vervex  on the 21st August 
 
 Reply   
 Very nice article. I recently left a part-time job in sales to focus on my design business. Art is my true calling, there is no doubt about that. Just when I compare how I wake up in the morning, there is a whole world of difference; When I worked for my previous employer, I used to wake up and look at my phone and wonder if I should call sick, while now I'm looking forward to get up and start working. 
 Perhaps you should write an article focussed on helping people finding their true calling. 🙂 Everyone should be allowed to reach that level of happiness and fulflilment! 
 
 Rajiv Vij  on the 23rd August 
 
 Reply   
 Thanks for your suggestion vervex. I am indeed writing the next post on the steps towards discovering one's calling. Cheers! 
 
 noch  on the 2nd September 
 
 Reply   
 well, sometimes our career directions change along the way too, and the art is in realizing and being aware of change in passions and motivations… and set about looking for a new direction 
noch 
 
 Rich  on the 23rd March 
 
 Reply   
 You stopped right before you got to the juicy bit: HOW. Your post boils down to "you really should just follow your calling, it's good for you". 
 well duh. If it were that easy, this wouldnt be an issue. 
 The key issue here is HOW to get over the resistance, HOW to make a living while alsomaking the best use of your gifts, HOW to create a job / carve out a business for yourself that is the right fit for you where none exists before. 
 Get stuck into this, and then you'll really be adding something new to the subject. 
 * **[Pooja Lohana](http://www.ghostwriterpooja.com)** on the 24th March 
 
 Rich, 
 You may find some of the answers in the follow-up post by Rajiv:  http://workawesome.com/goals/finding-your-passion/ 
Thanks for reading! 
 
 Pooja 
 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
