Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Research Analyst 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Schedule Mon - Fri; 8:30am - 4:30 pm 
Education Level Masters in a related field 
Career Level 2 years of relevant experience 
Hourly Rate $26.80 - $31.29 
 Job Description 
 Department, Unit or Project Description: 
The Offord Centre for Child Studies is looking for a Research Analyst to work with three research investigators. The Research Analyst will be responsible for the application of routine and moderately complex statistical and methodological research activities as they relate to large-scale child mental health prevention studies (including randomized controlled trials) and provincial and national population health studies. The incumbent will also support and help with writing reports and papers for publication in peer reviewed journals, dissemination, and presentation of results. The ability to work in a team setting, excellent problem-solving and time-management skills, as well as strong interpersonal, communication, and organizational skills are of utmost importance. 
 Job Summary: 
Responsible for the application of routine and moderately complex statistical and technical skills toward the analysis, and translation of statistical data. Conducts statistical research and analysis and compiles and interprets statistical records and reports. Conducts literature reviews to inform methodologies and aid in the interpretation of results. Works under general supervision and uses discretion to resolve various problems and inquiries. Specific instruction is usually given and work is reviewed at frequent milestones. 
 Accountabilities: 
Apply established statistical methods and techniques to analyze and interpret data. 
Identify the appropriate method of statistical analysis and apply statistical techniques to interpret data. 
Compile and analyze data and interpret trends, fluctuations, and other changes that may emerge. 
Document new designs, codes, and modifications. 
Conduct literature reviews. 
Write sections of scientific papers, funding proposals, grants, and abstracts, including summaries, introductions and method and result section. 
Identify and resolve database and software problems. 
Conduct data audits, compile results, analyze and summarize audit findings. 
Provide advice regarding data analysis required for research projects. 
Recommend modifications to processes related to data collection and data entry conventions and develop implementation plans. 
Apply specialized knowledge and scientific principles to review, critically appraise and interpret published literature. 
Research pertinent literature in a designed project area and analyze the applicability of the concepts. 
Review case report forms, determine possible protocol deviations, discrepant data, and inconsistent reporting. 
Facilitate meetings and prepare recommendations on statistical and reporting strategies. 
Exchange information with colleagues and statistical experts. 
Explain statistical approaches to others who do not have the equivalent knowledge in statistical methods. 
Develop and deliver presentations and training sessions. 
Safeguard the confidentiality of study data. 
 Qualifications: 
 Education:  Masters in a related field. 
 Experience:  2 years of relevant experience. 
 Assets: 
Experience working with and analyzing large datasets, longitudinal datasets, as well as interpreting and replicating moderate to complex statistical concepts (e.g., latent growth curve and latent profile analysis, multi-level modeling). Openness and ability to learn new statistical techniques in collaboration with a PhD biostatistician/research methodologist and supervising investigators. Experience with analysis of data within fields of developmental psychology, child health (including mental health), population health or sociology. Excellent communication skills. 
 How To Apply 
 To apply for this job, please submit your application online. 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and within the lands protected by the “Dish With One Spoon” wampum agreement. 
 The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. 
 The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity and inclusion, who will contribute to the diversification of ideas and perspectives, and especially welcomes applications from indigenous (First Nations, Métis or Inuit) peoples, members of racialized communities, persons with disabilities, women, and persons who identify as 2SLGBTQ+. 
 As part of McMaster’s commitment, all applicants are invited to complete a confidential Applicant Diversity Survey through the online application submission process. The Survey questionnaire requests voluntary self-identification in relation to equity-seeking groups that have historically faced and continue to face barriers in employment. Please refer to the Applicant Diversity Survey - Statement of Collection for additional information. 
 Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact: 
 Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247), or 
Faculty of Health Sciences HR Office at ext. 22207, or 
School of Graduate Studies at ext. 23679 
 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
