Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Safety and Wellness Manager 
 Tilray 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Safety and Wellness Manager - London, ON 
 About Tilray 
Tilray is a global pioneer in cannabis research, cultivation, processing and distribution currently serving tens of thousands of patients in ten countries spanning five continents. 
 About High Park Company 
High Park Company was established to develop, sell, and distribute inspiring and iconic adult-use cannabis brands. 
Looking to develop your career at the forefront of a rapidly expanding industry? 
 Reporting to the Director of Human Resources, the Manager leads a small team of employees located in Ontario and British Columbia, and is responsible for ensuring the company has policies, procedures, programs and counsel that will support a healthy and compliant work environment. The Manager develop and maintain an annual health and safety plan and goals, while working collaboratively with leaders to implement and assess the sites progress. 
Role and Responsibilities 
Implement, coordinate, evaluate, and update Tilray’s occupational health and safety policies, procedures and programs. 
Develop annual health and safety plans for the company based on a full review of health and safety-related needs (assessment of hazards, analysis of database, audits, changing legislation and best practices) as required by applicable provincial and/ territorial regulations. 
Advise all levels of the company with advice related to health and safety matters, legislative requirements (by province and/or territory) and best practices in the field. 
Assist in representing management in matters of health and safety with the applicable provincial and/or territorial government, health and safety associations and other outside agencies and organizations. 
Collaborate with Human Resources and managers/supervisor, to assist with the facilitation of temporary modified return to work programs. 
Liaise with Human Resources, regarding the reporting of employee occupational health and safety claims in accordance with the applicable provincial and/or territorial regulatory body. 
Investigate accidents thoroughly and effectively, and respond appropriately as required, including communicating to, training and following up with supervisors and employees. 
Develop, arrange, and present safety orientation and training for all new employees, existing employees and visitors to ensure complete and effective understanding of potential risks and expected behaviors within the company. 
Assist and guide or, serve as a member on the Joint Health and Safety Committee ensuring the Committee’s activities are compliant with the appropriate provincial and/or territorial regulations and that the Committee members receive the requisite annual training. 
Provide leadership and guidance to direct reports. Complete performance reviews. Coach, mentor and advise employees. 
Qualifications 
Canadian Registered Safety Professional (CRSP) designation or be in the process of attaining the designation having reached at minimum the examination step. 
5 years’ manufacturing and/or industrial experience in a dedicated occupational health and safety management role. 
Occupational First Aid Level II/CPR certification is required, Occupational First Aid Level III certification is an asset. 
Track record of successfully developing and implementing a safety management program and policies within a company. 
Proven effective proficiency with database applications such as Employer Connect (Worksafebc online service) and administration systems, specifically Microsoft Office. 
Solid understanding of accident causation and prevention with a high competency at carrying out internal and external audits. 
Proven ability to work effectively at all levels of the organization and to collaborate with line managers and staff in order to achieve excellent health and safety standards. 
The ability to support managers and supervisors with their safety responsibilities. 
An influential leader with strong analytical and problem solving skills in conjunction with sound judgement. 
Ability to develop innovative solutions that will impact behaviour and continually draw focus on personal safety as being the top operating priority. 
 Tilray welcomes applications from all qualified individuals and is committed to employment equity and diversity in the workplace. 
 Accommodations are available for applicants with disabilities throughout the recruitment process. If you require accommodations for interviews or other meetings, please advise when submitting your application. 
 Please note that Tilray does not authorize, engage, or sponsor any consultants, agencies or organizations that seek certain personal or financial information from you (e.g. passwords, login ids, credit card information). The Company does not charge any application, processing or onboarding fee at any stage of the recruitment or hiring process. 
 When replying to emails, please ensure the sender name and email address match exactly. Please also ensure the Reply-To address matches the sending address exactly. 
If you are concerned about the authenticity of an email, letter, or call purportedly from, for, or on behalf of the Company, please send an email inquiry to infosec@tilray.com 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
