[ 
 Workersonboard 
 ](https://www.workersonboard.com/ "Workersonboard") 
 Toggle Navigation 
 
 Home  
 
 W@H Community 
 Help 
 Site Directory 
 
 
 Get Paid Online  
 
 Extra Cash 
 Focus Groups 
 Freelance Gigs 
 Mystery Shop 
 Paid Surveys 
 Sell your Stuff 
 Smartphone Apps 
 
 
 Work at Home Jobs  
 
 Work at Home Equipment 
 Non Phone Work at home Jobs 
 Late Night Work at home Jobs 
 WAH Jobs No Experience 
 Work at home Companies 
 W@H Jobs you can Live On 
 Work at home Weekly Pay 
 WAH Jobs for Teens 
 W@H Jobs No Landline 
 Worldwide WAH Jobs 
 Work at Home Scams 
 Work at home Websites 
 Resume 
 
 
 Weekly Jobs  
 
 Typing Test 
 Friday Freebie 
 My W@H Course 
 W@H Book 
 
 
 Remote T  
 
 Accounting 
 Appointment Setters 
 Data Entry 
 Editing 
 Transcription 
 Tutor 
 Write Online  
 
 Writing Gigs 
 Freelance Writing 
 Write for Greeting Cards 
 
 
 
 
 Blogging  
 
 Blogging Course 
 How to Start a Blog 
 Build a Blog/Website 
 Get a Blog 
 Monetize Your Blog 
 
 
 Free  
 
 Free Instant Gift Cards 
 Free Cash to Search Online 
 Free Blog 
 
 
 About  
 
 Advertise 
 Contact Me 
 Video Library 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 15 New Work at home Jobs 
 Published by  aw1219  on May 16, 2019 
 We may earn money or products from some of the companies mentioned in this post. 
 Every week, you can find brand new companies hiring people to work from home by visiting this blog. In today's post I will share with you some of the hottest work at home opportunities that are hiring immediately or very soon. Please check back tomorrow and visit the  Friday Freebie page  for even more work at home jobs like these. 
 If you have not found employment from home yet, I encourage you to take the online course " How to get a Work at home Job or Gig in 30 days or less ". This course will equip you with everything you need to be successful getting a legitimate job or gig and will provide you with tips that will help you discover jobs before they are posted on job boards. This course has helped thousands of people to find  work from home  and it can help you too plus it comes with a full refund if you are not satisfied.  Click here  to get started on your new journey. 
 If you have any questions about any of the companies listed and would like more information or you would like to connect with other people who work from home, please join our  Facebook Group here . 
 15 New Work at home Jobs 
 Rater 
 Lionbridge is seeking internet savvy individuals to work from home who have great communication skills to analyze and provide feedback on webpages, text, images, and other information. You must be a daily user of Gmail, Google +, use Android and Siri devices, use a Google home device, and have experience with web browsers. 
 Get all your work at home equipment  here  including land line phones, headsets, etc. 
 Sales Rep 
 Academy Tutors is seeking salespeople to help them prepare for an upcoming trade show in Las Vegas. You will contact businesses to to set up appointments, create leads, sell tutoring packages, etc. You must be friendly, be self motivated, and have experience working with parents and students. Pays $10 per hour plus commission. 
 Seasonal Customer Service Agents 
 Aspira is now hiring remote agents to connect customers with camping, tours, activity, hunting, fishing and licensing needs. You will need a standard land line phone, basic computer skills, type 20 to 30 wpm, and can work 25 to 29 hours a week. Hiring in TX, TN, PA, OR, OH, NY, IN, and FL. 
 Customer Service 
 Peddle is hiring tech savvy reps with strong negotiation skills to answer questions and assist sellers with getting an offer for their vehicle. No cold calling required. Requires 2 years call center experience, excellent verbal skills and can type 45 wpm. Monthly commission payment. 
 Customer Service Reps 
 Babylist is hiring reps to work from home from Saturday through Wednesday to answer customer support emails, phone calls and complete tasks on the Babylist website. You must be comfortable working with expectant parents, be compassionate and can work weekends. Competitive pay with benefits. Must live in CA, NJ, NY, TX, SC and WI. 
 Event Ticketing & Sales 
 Working Solutions is hiring reps to take inbound customer service calls and talk to buyers and sellers to answer questions and ensure they have a great entertainment experience. You must be able to multitask, have 1-2 years customer service experience, be a problem solver and computer literate. Hourly pay via direct deposit or check. 
 
 Customer Service 
 Smart Payment Plan is looking for reps to receive inbound customer service calls to establish a payment schedule, resolve customer questions and concerns, and other duties. Must have 2 years call center experience in banking, insurance, phone or cable industries, can multitask, and have a land line phone. 
 Transcription 
 Rev.com is hiring people to listen to a variety of audio content and type what you hear using their transcription software. Must have computer, headset, fast Internet and strong English skills. All training provided. Work whenever you want. Pays $0.40 to $0.65 per audio minute via PayPal. 
 Tutors 
 Course Hero is seeking a wide variety of tutors to get paid for helping high school and college students with course specific questions. Pays $12 to $20 per hour. Must live in the US, UK, AU or CA. 
 Phone/Dispatch 
 TestStripsWanted.com is looking for friendly multitaskers to answer inbound calls, return calls, complete data entry and other tasks. Requires 1 year guest service experience, a pleasant demeanor and can follow instructions. Pays $13 per hour. Phoenix Valley residents only. 
 UberEats 
 Earn good money for every delivery you make. No car needed. Drive for UberEats and work your own schedule! 
 Technical Customer Solutions  
 Support.com is hiring agents to answer inbound calls and greet customers to determine the scope of their issue and provide solutions, resolve requests and other related duties. Must have excellent communication skills, can type 40 to 50 wpm, be willing to help customers and have 1-2 years experience. Pays $12 per hour with paid training and benefits. Testing required. 
 Appointment Setter 
 
 Brighten Communications is seeking those with 1 year cold calling or telemarketing experience who can work 20 hours a week making calls on behalf of their clients. You can earn up to $18 per hour working whatever hours you want between 8 am to 5 pm. You will need high speed internet and a quiet environment. 
 Home Agent 
 Hoveround is hiring home agents to gather basic information required to begin the process of obtaining a Hoveround Power Wheelchair. Must have excellent telephone skills, be computer proficient, have a high school diploma and live in FL. Pays $14 per hour with paid training. Part time. 
 Virtual Agents 
 NexRep has work at home openings for virtual agents to assist their clients customers over the phone. Clients range from retail, consumer electronics, direct response, catalog, direct mail, travel and hospitality. Pays per hour or per minute of talk time. 
 Easy Cash 
 Join Smart Panel, the new and exciting online community for survey takers where you can share your experiences about how you use the internet. Pays $5 just to qualify and $5 every month you keep it installed plus loyalty bonuses. 
 Paid Clinical Trial 
 Get paid up to $750 if you have been diagnosed with type 2 Diabetes. You will receive no cost study related care from a local doctor and free medication. 
 
 Go 2 Crowd 
 Join today to earn cash for taking surveys, online communities and other tasks. 
 PrizeRebel 
 Earn more money by taking paid surveys at PrizeRebel. You will receive a 5% bonus on top of your earnings from now until the 17th at midnight. Must be 13 to join. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Related 
 Categories:  fresh work at home job openings 
 Tags:  brand new work at home jobs brand new work from home jobs fresh work at home job leads new work from home jobs 
           
 
 1 Comment 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 What's on your mind? 
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. 
 Notify me of new posts by email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Subscribe to Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 3,471 other subscribers 
 Email Address 
 Subscribe 
 Subscribe 
 
 
 
 Get Started  
 
 
 Work at home Course 
 300+ Companies that Pay you to W@H 
 W@H Essentials 
 W@H FB Group 
 Daily Work at Home Jobs 
 Payment Proof 
 Get paid Daily 
 Get Paid $10 to Join Swagbucks 
 Reviewers needed 
 Mini Polls for Fast Cash 
 Free $10 Gift Card 
 Advertise on Workersonboard 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 Easy Steps to start a Blog 
 
 
 Work at home Course 
 300+ Companies that Pay you to W@H 
 W@H Essentials 
 W@H FB Group 
 Daily Work at Home Jobs 
 Payment Proof 
 Get paid Daily 
 Get Paid $10 to Join Swagbucks 
 Reviewers needed 
 Mini Polls for Fast Cash 
 Free $10 Gift Card 
 Advertise on Workersonboard 
 
 Workersonboard.com 2011-2020 
 
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you accept this policy as long as you are using this websiteXAcceptView Policy 
 We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok 
