Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Clerk III, Pandemic Response 
 Joseph Brant Hospital 
 __Burlington, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Posting #:  200881 
 Position:  Clerk III 
 Status:  Temporary Full Time 
 Department:  Pandemic Response 
 Union:  CUPE 
 Shifts:  Days, Evenings, Nights, Weekends, Extended Tours 
 Rate of Pay:  $24.17 - $25.16 
 Internal employees must apply by midnight on January 31, 2021. 
 ABOUT JOSEPH BRANT HOSPITAL: 
Joseph Brant Hospital (JBH) is a full-service community teaching hospital located in the growing and thriving community of Burlington, Ontario, serving more than 185,000 residents in Halton, Hamilton, Waterdown, Flamborough, Milton and Stoney Creek. JBH is honoured to be recognized as one of Hamilton Niagara's Top Employers for five (5) consecutive years, with a skilled staff of 194 physicians, 1,911 full- and part-time staff and more than 700 volunteers. 
 JBH is a Clinical Education site in conjunction with McMaster University, and designated as an Academic Community Teaching Hospital. Its expanded campus includes the state-of-the-art Michael Lee-Chin & Family Patient Tower, featuring a new Emergency Department, 172 acute inpatient beds, 9 new Operating Rooms and post-anaesthetic care unit to support expanded medical, surgical and outpatient services. JBH is also a partner member of the Burlington Ontario Health Team (OHT). 
 JBH inspires and empowers a culture of caring and this is demonstrated in many ways including our commitment to the health, safety and wellbeing of our people. 
 POSITION SUMMARY: 
We are seeking Clerks to join our Pandemic Response Pool to support Joseph Brant Hospital and the Burlington Community as the Province continues its fight against the global pandemic, providing compassionate care and exemplary service every time. JBH inspires and empowers a culture of caring and this is demonstrated in many ways including our committed to the health, safety and wellbeing of our people. 
 RESPONSIBILITIES: 
 
 Reception and clerical activities of the unit. 
 Disseminate and co-ordinate general information. 
 Facilitate the orderly flow of patients and visitors into and out of the unit. 
 Knowledge of all emergency codes and appropriate action. 
 Maintain inventory of supplies as required. 
 Handle incoming/outgoing mail; photocopying, faxing, courier general typing as required. 
 Transcribe physician's orders, fax med orders to pharmacy and enter all other orders. 
 
 QUALIFICATIONS: 
 
 Medical Office Administration/Unit Clerk Diploma Program or equivalent required. 
 Medical Terminology level 1 and 2 required: may be obtained through related Diploma Program. 
 Medical Transcription Certificate or equivalent required: may be obtained through related Diploma Program. 
 Minimum two (2) years of experience on a clinical unit required. 
 Demonstrated typing skills of 40 - 50 wpm required. 
 Demonstrated computer experience utilizing Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook and Publisher. 
 Working knowledge of Meditech System required. 
 Working knowledge of medical terminology. 
 Ability to accurately transcribe orders. 
 Excellent telephone manner. 
 Good organizational skills and ability to set priorities in a fast paced environment. 
 Excellent interpersonal skills; maintain confidentiality. 
 Excellent command of the English language. 
 Must have comfort level in potentially volatile environment. 
 Demonstrates critical- thinking and decision-making skills. 
 Demonstrated effective documentation skills. 
 Demonstrated excellent communication skills. 
 Excellent command of the English language (written and verbal). 
 Strong organizational skills, with demonstrated ability to prioritize in a fast paced environment. 
 Demonstrated reliable attendance, punctuality, availability and performance required. 
 
 To be considered for this exciting opportunity please visit the JBH Careers page to apply to posting #200881. We ask that you please include the posting number in the subject line of any email correspondence. No phone calls please. We thank all applicants and only those selected for interview will be contacted. 
 Any information obtained during the recruitment process will be used for employment recruitment only, and not for any other purpose. 
 JBH is committed to and supports practices that are inclusive. HR will accommodate any needs under the Ontario Human Right Code (OHRC) and the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA). Recruitment processes will be modified to remove barriers to accommodate those with disabilities, if requested. 
 Should you require accommodation through the application and/or recruitment process, please contact HR for assistance at careers@josephbranthospital.ca or at Ext. 4129 to allow opportunity for appropriate accommodations to be made. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
