Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Customer Service Representative 
 Nutrien Ltd. 
 __Raymore, SK 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description: 
Customer Service Representative – Raymore, SK, CA 
 At Nutrien Ag Solutions, we are devoted to the health and safety of all our employees and customers. During this time of uncertainty with Coronavirus (COVID-19), we are taking extra precautions in our Manufacturing Facilities and Retail Sites to ensure safety and limit exposure for all. Nutrien Ag Solutions is still hiring and we continue to drive towards our mission of Feeding the Future. 
 At Nutrien, our Purpose is to grow our world from the ground up and we do so with safety and integrity as our core values. Nothing is more important than sending our people home safe, every day. 
 Nutrien Ag Solutions is the retail division of Nutrien™, the largest crop inputs company in the world. As part of our collective mission of Feeding the Future, Nutrien Ag Solutions provides full-acre solutions through our trusted crop consultants at more than 2,000 locations in North America, South America, Europe and Australia. For more than 150 years, we have been helping growers achieve the highest yields with a wide selection of products, including our proprietary brands: Loveland Products, Inc.; Proven®Seed and Dyna-Gro®Seed; as well as financial, custom application and precision ag services. 
 We harvest the best. Diverse views and experience make us strong. We look for people who have a safety-first mindset, who are collaborative team players, who deliver on their commitments, who are innovators in search of a better way, and who believe in inclusion. 
 Working at Nutrien Ag Solutions will provide you an opportunity to help us Feed the Future, and grow your career. 
 What you will do: 
Receive customers, answer their questions regarding product availability and commodity/service prices, completes order forms for order given and received payments for sales made 
IWork with operations staff and customers via telephone, in person, or by email, to complete the product bookings and/or product orders and forward to operations staff for shipment when required 
Under the direction of the Branch Manager and/or Assistant Manager, monitors accounts receivable, accounts payable and credit limits 
Receive and post payments to customer accounts – while ensuring 100% accuracy 
Print Daily Reports as required under Policy and Procedures including the “End of Day Report”, and “Payments Listing” 
Reconcile cheque and credit card payments daily 
Maintain confidential office records and files covering daily transactions made at the facility that includes customer invoices, stock transfers and shipment notices 
Assist with National Safety Code file submission and maintenance and corporate Environment Health and Safety Program, as required 
Track staff training, submitting required paperwork to Asmark and completing Monthly Meeting Minutes and/or Site Inspections 
Assist with new hire and re-hire paperwork and maintain confidential employee files for each employee as required by the Human Resources Department 
Complete administrative correspondence as required; including but not limited to letters, memo’s and emails 
Plan and set up branch displays as required 
Compile and provide information on items such as stocks in store, product sales, prices, shipments and accounts outstanding as requested by the Branch Manager and/or Assistant Manager 
Assist with inventory control by tracking inventory coming in and going out of the location. Prepare stock transfers and product orders as required 
Assist with inventory spot checks and monthly/yearly inventory cut-offs 
Maintain and order office supplies 
Open and distribute incoming mail and packages, and direct outgoing mail on a daily basis 
Assist location in the receipt of shipments of supplies and/or inventory 
Check shipments for damaged articles, quality and quantity of merchandise received, and places goods in designated storage areas as required 
Restock shelves from stock room supplies and, upon approval of the Branch Manager and/or Assistant Manager, orders stock which has reached a low level 
Perform necessary housekeeping duties 
Perform the responsibilities of other market area positions during staff absences in order to optimize the efficiency of market area operations 
Perform other related duties as required 
 What you will bring: 
High school diploma or equivalent required 
1+ years previous customer service experience 
Knowledge of farm supply products and services a definite asset 
Computer and keyboarding skills; Demonstrated ability in the use of word processing, database and spreadsheet software 
Excellent interpersonal skills with a positive attitude and ability to establish relationship with branch personnel, peers and customers 
Demonstrated ability to produce neat and accurate work with attention to detail 
Must be dependable, reliable, and safety conscious 
Effective time management, planning and multi-tasking skills 
 Level 1 
 Are you a good match? Apply today! 
 Nutrien Ag Solutions is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to creating an inclusive workplace. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics 
 This job will remain posted until filled. In accordance with Nutrien policies, you will be required to undergo a background check, and may be required to undergo a substance test. While we appreciate all applications we receive, only candidates under consideration will be contacted. 
 To stay connected to us and for the latest job postings and news, follow us on: LinkedIn, Facebook and Twitter 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
