Washington Workers' Advisor 
 Search 
 Primary Menu Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Archives 
 Causey Wright 
 
 Search for: 
 Search 
 Tag Archives: Prevailing Wage Jobs 
   
 Port of Seattle 
 Port of Seattle to Develop Property in Sea-Tac, WA 
 January 4, 2018   Kit Case 
 
 The Port of Seattle Commission voted to select  Trammel Crow Company  (TCC) as a developer for its Des Moines Creek North site in the City of SeaTac. The proposed development will create more than 356,000 square feet of high quality, light industrial space with supporting warehouse functions within two industrial buildings. Tenants may include food processors, manufacturers, and logistics providers that support the aviation and air cargo industries. 
 "With this investment, the Port of Seattle continues to provide leadership in economic development," said Port of Seattle Commissioner Stephanie Bowman. "This land will provide essential industrial and family-wage jobs for our region." 
 TCC is one of the nation's leading developers and investors in commercial real estate, having developed or acquired more than 2,600 buildings valued at more than $60 billion and over 565 million square feet. TCC has created a new, wholly-owned company TC Northwest Development, for this ground lease and investment. TCC was recently named as the #1 Development Company in the US for 2016. 
 The investment made at Des Moines Creek-North will help advance economic development within the City of SeaTac and for surrounding communities: 
 
 The project will provide approximately 90+ prevailing wage construction jobs during the build out of the property. At full occupancy, the development will be home to approximately 400+ full-time employees with an estimated payroll of more than $28 million annually. 
 The project complements the nearby Des Moines Creek Business Park by adding additional best-in-class industrial inventory that will continue to attract and retain growing firms, keeping jobs within King County and the nearby region. 
 The design and construction will be completed primarily by locally owned, private small businesses. This further serves to promote small business growth and workforce development. 
 The infill location of Des Moines Creek-North will help reduce sprawl by creating new light industrial facilities adjacent to current road infrastructure, highways, and public transportation. 
 
 Located south of the Angle Lake light rail station, this 22.47-acre undeveloped property is zoned Aviation Commercial ("AVC") and will expand upon the success of the industrial development at the Des Moines Creek Business Park. It will also represent the first new industrial development on Port property in the City of SeaTac in many years. The City of SeaTac has voiced its support for the development  here . 
 Photo on  Foter.com 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Twitter 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Des Moines Creek Project Development Prevailing Wage Jobs 
 WELCOME TO OUR BLOG 
 Causey Wright  is a nationally recognized firm serving clients in Washington State and across the nation. 
 Causey Wright dedicates our practice to assisting those injured or disabled with Washington State Workers' Compensation, Longshore & Harbor Worker, Defense Base Act and Maritime cases. We also represent workers and their families in cases that derive from exposure to asbestos. 
 We do not represent corporations, insurers or employers. We limit our practice to representing individuals who have been injured or disabled, on the job or through the fault of another. 
 Professional mediation services are provided to parties in these areas of law, in our Seattle office or at your chosen location, by Jay Causey under CAUSEY MEDIATION. 
 The referral of a new client is the greatest compliment we can receive. If you know someone in need of our services, please contact us today. Call (206) 292-8627 for a free case analysis. 
 OUR TEAM 
 Brian Wright 
 Brian represents injured and disabled workers with workers’ compensation claims before the Washington State Department of Labor & Industries and those covered by the federal Longshore and Harbor Workers Compensation Act, which includes waterfront workers, overseas defense contractors (Defense Base Act), and domestic non-appropriated fund employees at U.S. military installations (Nonappropriated Fund Instrumentalities Act). Brian also represents victims of asbestos-related diseases and their families, and he litigates the occasional Jones Act/maritime case. He takes particular interest in complex cases.  Read More » 
 Jane Dale 
 Jane Dale handles Washington State workers' compensation claims from initial filing through the administrative level and, when required, through all stages of litigation and higher court appeals.  Read More » 
 Jay Causey 
 Jay Causey has practiced for over 38 years in the area of workers' compensation and disability law, including Washington State workers' compensation claims, Longshore and Harbor workers' Act cases, Defense Base Act and maritime injury claims. CAUSEY MEDIATION provides mediation services to parties involved in these types of cases.  Read More » 
 Connect with us 
 
 Email 
 Facebook 
 Instagram 
 RSS 
 Twitter 
 
 Tag Cloud 
 Affordable Care Act   Asbestos   ballot initiative   benefits   citations   Coronavirus   COVID-19   Disability   employer   employer citation   Essential Workers   Face Masks   Facebook   fall protection   Fatality   Fines   fraud   health insurance   I-1082   IME   Industrial Strength Law   injury   Longshore   Minimum Wage   misclassification   Nebraska   New York   NIOSH   Obamacare   osha   Port of Seattle   Premiums   Rates   reform   return to work   Roofers   safety   Safety Violations   Training   violations   wage theft   WILG   worker safety   workers' compensation   Workplace Safety 
 TOPICS 
 TOPICS Select Category Accessible Design Accommodations Affordable Care Act AFL-CIO Age Discrimination AMA Guides to Causation AMA Guides to Impairment American Workers AmeriCorps Apprenticeships Arbitration Asbestos Attorney Profile Attorneys Benefits Boeing Boeing Centennial Breast Cancer Budget Cuts Business Travel Cancer car carpal tunnel Case Study Causey Law Firm Causey Wright Causey Wright Team CDC centers for disease control and prevention chemical exposure Chemical ExposureGovernment chronic pain Colman Ferry Dock Community Construction Updates Contractor Fraud Contractor Penalties Coronavirus Corporate Welfare Costs Courts Coverage Decision Crime Victims customs David McCullough Death Defense Base Act Defense Medical Exam Disability Disability Assistance Disability Inclusion disability law discrimination Distracted Driving DLI DME doctor Doctors And Medical drug and pharmaceutical law drug and pharmaceutical-law Dust Elder Law Election Election 2018 employees Employer Fraud Employer Misconduct Employer Retaliation Employers Employment employment discrimination employment law Employment status Endorsements Equal Pay Evaluations Fair Outcomes Family and Medical Leave Farm Labor Contractor Fatalities on the Job federal oversight Federal work comp fighting fraud Firm News Food Stamps Foot Drop Fraud Future Medical Expenses Going Back to School government Grand Bargain Hanford Hanford Chemical Exposure Hanford Workers Happy Holidays Health health insurance Health Update Healthcare History history of workers' compensation Holdiay Holiday Holiday Greetings Hot Coffee IME IMEs Immigration Independent Medical Exam independent medical examiner Industry Influenza Infrastructure injured at home injury Injury Claim Coverage Injury Reporting Insurance insurance carriers insurance regulation Internships Interpreter Services Iowa jernigan law firm Jobs joint replacement Labor Latex Allergy Lay-Offs Layoff or Closure legal Legal Aide Legal Updates Legislation Licensed Contractors Local Government Longshore Longshore Act Longshore Compensation Rates loss of sense of smell loss of sense of taste Manufacturing Maritime Medical Medical Care medical condition medical costs Medicare Medicine mental injuries Mental injury Minimum Wage Misclassification Nebraska News Northwest Seaport Alliance NY Times occupational asthma Occupational Disease olfactory nerve Omaha opioid Opioid Epidemic Orville Wright OSHA Paid Family and Medical Leave Paid Family Leave Pain Killers penalties Penalty permanent injury Plant Closure Plutocart Policy Politics Port of Seattle Port of Tacoma Ports Presentation Prevailing Wage private investigator PTSD Railroad Safety READER REVIEW Reed Johnson Reform Regulations relationships retaliation Return to Work RICO Rulemaking Safety safety gear safety rules Safety Violation Safety violations safety-gear safety-rules Seattle Viaduct Replacement service industry Severe Violator Enforcement Program Shipping Social Media Social Security social security disability Social Security Offset Social Securtiy sports State Government Stress Supreme Court task force Technology telecommuting employees Temporary Help The Boeing Company Transit truck driver truckers Trucking Trucking Safety Tunnel Maintenance Trucks Types of injuries Uncategorized Unemployment Unions University of Texas Southwestern Medical Center v. Nassar Unpaid Wages Unregistered Contractor Vance v. Ball State University Veterans Employment Viaduct Removal Vinyl Chloride Vocational Retraining WA Health Benefit Exchange Wage and Hour Law Wage and Rates Wages Wages and Benefits WARN Wilbur Wright work comp Work Comp Legislation Work Hours work injuries Work Injury work-related asthma Worker Benefits Worker Health Worker Lay-Off Worker Pay Worker Protection worker rights Worker Safety Worker Safety Overseas Worker Training Worker Wages Workers workers comp workers comp basics workers comp q & a workers comp q&a workers comp qa workers comp qanda Workers Compensation workers compensation basics Workers Finish Retraining Programs workers-comp-basics workers-compensation Workers' Compensation Workers' Compensation Coverage Workers' Compensation Reform Working People working-in-car Workplace Accidents workplace harassment Workplace Hazard workplace injury workplace relationships workplace safety workplace violence workplace-injury Workplaces Wright Brothers Wright Brothers Memorial wrongful termination WSAJ 
 Follow Us On Twitter @Causey_Wright 
 My Tweets 
 Published by Causey Wright 
 Published By: 
 CONTACT US 
 Email 
 reachus@causeywright.com 
 Phone 
Toll Free: 800-223-4529 
Local: 206-292-8627 
 Office Address 
2601 4th Avenue, Suite 700 
Seattle, Washington 98121 
 Mailing Address 
P.O.Box 34538 
Seattle, Washington 98124 
 Subscribe to Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address 
 Subscribe 
 Blog Navigation 
 
 Home 
 Archives 
 Causey Wright 
 
  Proudly powered by WordPress  
 %d bloggers like this: 
