Skip to content 
 Search for: 
 
 Working Home Guide 
 
 
 _ Work from Home 
 _ Technology 
 _ Guides 
 _ Business 
 _ Insights 
 _ Money 
 _ Career 
 _ DIY 
 _ Pets 
 _About
 
 _ About Us 
 _ Contact Us 
 _ Privacy Policy 
 
 
 
 __ 
 The Presentation Principles Of Steve Jobs 
 __ Aug 28 Jun 23  __ Omri Shabath 
 Few days ago Steve Jobs announced that he is  resigns as Apple CEO , Recommending the board to replace him by Tim Cook. Tim Cook may be an excellent executive but i doubt if he has one of Steve Jobs biggest qualities, his presentation skills. 
 Launching new products and presentations of Apple considers as shining impressive big events, a big part of it derived from the presentation capability of Steve Jobs that could make every product sound amazing and intriguing even before exposing the product itself! Let’s try to analyze some of the presentation principles by Steve Jobs: 
 Set The Mood 
 Already in the beginning it is important to set the general direction and the message of the presentation. Create a starting sentence/paragraph that stating what you are going to present in an exciting way. For example, “Good morning everyone, today you are going to see an amazing new opportunity to make money online”. 
 Describe The General Outline And Be Clear 
 Make sure you say upfront, which topics you are going to discuss and present (History, today’s status, your product, etc). During the presentation be clear when you are closing a topic and opening a new one, so the audience will follow you easily. 
 Show Enthusiasm 
 If you aren’t excited from what you are presenting, no one will be excited. Show enthusiasm in your speech using positive words like “revolutionary”, “innovative”, “incredible”, “exciting”. People are affected by your energy and the energy of the words, even if they don’t aware of. 
 Grant Meaning To Statistics and Numbers 
 When presenting statistics and numbers, the goal is to validate and provide logic to what your are talking about. To create an emotional reaction from them, Don’t serve them dry but try to connect them to other elements. Examples: “With this method you can earn 45% more each week!”, “Our product can make extra $1500 to 85% from the people who sits here today!”. 
 Visualize It 
 Whenever you can use visual aids, use them. Sometimes a simple photo can be more effective than a 1000 words description. Visual aids capture the attention fast and can help you not loosing the focus of the crowd. 
 Make It a Show 
 Don’t be monotonous and don’t stand in one place your whole presentation. Use your body language to demonstrate, look alive and your facial expression should reflect your excitement. That said, don’t exaggerate so it won’t interrupt your presentation. 
 Rehearse 
 One of the most important things is to project confidence. And to be confident you have to be ready- Memorize your speech, the specifics and even tiny details you are not intending to present (so you won’t be surprised be anything). Rehearse is the best friend of your confidence. 
 You can watch this video of the king of presentation, Steve Jobs, presenting iPhone 4 and learn something about how to present and how to captivate an audience: 
 Posted in  Insights 
 Work From Home 
 
 Operating a Business From Home: Essential Tips When Using an iPad for Business 
 
 Not sure what to do with your new iPad? The specifications of an iPad can   […] 
 
 6 Thoughtful Ways to Ensure Home Office Safety 
 
 Have you hit your funny bone for the last time? Are you about ready to   […] 
 Business Help 
 
 7 Ways Electronic Lockers Can Boost a Small Business 
 
 Did you know that ransomware attacks are increasing by 350% each year?   […] 
 
 Operating a Business From Home: Essential Tips When Using an iPad for Business 
 
 Not sure what to do with your new iPad? The specifications of an iPad can   […] 
 DIY 
 
 The Ultimate DIY Guide for HVAC Maintenance 
 
 Keeping up with your HVAC will only save your time and money in the long run. This article is the ultimate DIY guide for HVAC maintenance for homeowners. […] 
 
 Do You Have a Dirty Grill? How to Clean it the Right Way 
 
 Your BBQ grill has probably experienced lots of cookouts. But do you know how to clean it? Read this guide and get to cleaning! […] 
 Money and Finance 
 
 5 Signs You Need to Repair Your Credit 
 
 Are you facing a loan rejection at every turn? Were you itching for a   […] 
 
 Keep Your Money Safe: 8 Expert Tips on How to Protect Your Bank Account 
 
 If you've ever had trouble with making sure your bank information is   […] 
 Health 
 
 12 Tips On Preventing Cavities In Children 
 
 Tooth decay ranks as the most common childhood disease and unfortunately, […] 
 
 How to Naturally Boost Your Immune Health at Home 
 
 Whenever flu or cold season hits, people are always looking for the best […] 
 More from Working Home Guide 
 
 Is There Any Value in Old Computers? (the Answer Is Yes) 
 Top 4 Tips for Improving Your Work Productivity 
 Your Guide to Mastering Facebook Ads Manager 
 9 Voice Training Tips That Will Change Your Life (and Your Voice) 
 Adobe Lightroom vs Photoshop: Which Is Better for Beginners? 
 Career Corner: The Responsibilities of an Apartment Property Manager 
 Photo Sharing: Quick Ways to Get Your Phone Photos Into Your Friends' Hands 
 Party Down: 8 Virtual Events Ideas 
 
 Designed by  InkHive .  (C) 2021 Working Home Guide. All Rights Reserved. 
