Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Manager, Public Affairs 
 Paper Excellence 
 __Metro Vancouver Regional District, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Paper Excellence is a diversified manufacturer of pulp and speciality, printing and writing, and packaging papers. We believe in the enduring value of wood-based products in global markets, and have built a large network of mills and chipping plants to produce them competitively. Through our distinct approach to operational excellence, we deliver high-qualify and cost-effective products to international customers. 
 External Communications 
 Develop relationships with media outlets and journalists 
Execute PE’s communication strategy plan both corporately and at mills 
Monitor media, GR and legislative channels to ensure proper responses are coordinated 
Develop a variety of materials (e.g., strategic memos, press releases, presentations, emails, media reports, media pitches, social media posts and content, etc.) 
Coordinate all media relations efforts including print, broadcast, regional and trade publications with leadership team and mill management. 
Work as part of communications team to build PE’s brand 
Undertake specific communications projects as required by the leadership team 
 Government Relations 
 Track local, provincial, and federal GR initiatives and maintain a tracking tool of on-going efforts and score card of effectiveness. 
Coordinate and manage monthly GR team calls and minutes / action items. 
Help develop and maintain key government relationships at all pertinent levels; track changing relationships, as well as government turn-overs. 
Represent PE in GR activities and at government forums. 
Insure PEC team members are appropriately registered according to provincial lobbying laws. 
Undertake specific GR projects as required by the leadership team. 
 Qualifications 
 8+ years of experience in public affairs, communications, and/or government relations 
Pertinent university degree and proficiency in English required 
Experience in communications with government and regulatory bodies 
Network of contacts in media and government 
Experience in conducting research and performing analysis and report/proposal writing 
Experience writing press releases, statements, newsletters, communiques, speeches, presentations, etc. 
Self-starter with a high level of resilience 
Excellent interpersonal skills and demonstrated ability in leading project teams 
Highly organized, results oriented and organizational savvy 
Experience working with senior leaders in a dynamic environment 
Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite and publishing software 
 < span style="font-family: "Calibri",sans-serif">While Paper Excellence values all applications we receive, only those candidates shortlisted for further consideration will be contacted. Please note that all qualified candidates are encouraged to apply, however, applications from Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority . 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
