
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Titan (S18) 
 Titan is the new BlackRock. We build, manage, and explain investment funds. 
 Client Experience Associate 
 
 Location 
 New York, NY, USA / Remote 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 3+ years 
 About Titan 
 Titan is the new BlackRock. We build, manage, and explain investment funds. Anyone who would like Titan to invest their money can download our mobile app, link their bank, and transfer capital. We currently have two financial strategies (Large Cap and Small/Mid Cap US Equities) and will be launching more. We invest a lot of time to explain to our clients what's going on in real-time via in-app videos and other content. Users have described us as "a hedge fund manager in their pocket." 
 What Robinhood did to trading, we're aiming to do to actively-managed investing (think: mutual funds and hedge funds). 
 About the role 
 As a CX Associate, you'll be one of the main points of contact for our 10,000s of investors. You’ll play a key role in the development of our best in class client interaction and customer service while providing exceptional email, phone, chat support. You'll also work closely with our brokerage operations team (on issues including account onboarding, KYC/AML processes, etc.). 
 More specifically, you will: 
 
 Respond and resolve customer requests and questions via chat, email, and phone 
 Escalate customer issues and help develop best practices for efficient customer engagement 
 Manage KYC/AML operations, handle account onboarding and troubleshooting, and interface with key service providers 
 Create educational content for our customers - how-to articles, videos, emails 
 Translate customer needs into recommendations for engineering - this is an opportunity to learn the ropes of product management and directly influence the Titan roadmap 
 
 Technology 
 Titan uses Javascript from the DB (Mongo) all the way through to the client application (React Native). 
 Other jobs at Titan 
 Senior Full Stack Engineer 
 fulltime 
 New York, NY, USA / Remote 
 Full Stack 
 6+ years 
 Client Experience Associate 
 fulltime 
 New York, NY, USA / Remote 
 3+ years 
 Product Designer 
 fulltime 
 New York, NY, USA / Remote 
 UI / UX 
 $80k - $150k 
 0.00% - 0.20% 
 3+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
