  
 Menu Bar 
 
 __ 
 
 Go 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Job Search 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 New Graduates 
 Job Sites & Resources 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 
 
 Networking 
 
 Networking Tips 
 Networking Etiquette 
 Networking Events 
 Social Media & Online Networking 
 Elevator Speech 
 Informational Interviews 
 Networking Mistakes 
 FAQ About Networking 
 
 
 
 Cover Letter 
 
 Cover Letter Tips 
 Cover Letter Format 
 Cover Letter Samples 
 Cover Letter Mistakes 
 FAQ About Cover Letter Writing 
 
 
 
 Resume 
 
 Resume Tips 
 Resume Format 
 Resume Template 
 Resume Samples 
 Customizing Your Resume 
 Resume Formatting 
 Ideas & Alternatives 
 Resume Mistakes 
 Resume Writers 
 FAQ About Resume Writing 
 
 
 
 Interview 
 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Questions 
 Interview Skills 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Mistakes 
 Follow Up Interview Email 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Career Advancement 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 Continuing Education 
 Productivity 
 Work Relationships 
 Work Environment 
 Work Life Balance 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 
 Go 
 
  Home   
  Networking   
  LinkedIn   
 Why Is LinkedIn So Important for Job Seekers and How Recruiters Use LinkedIn to Validate Your Candidacy 
 
 Why Is LinkedIn So Important for Job Seekers and How Recruiters Use LinkedIn to Validate Your Candidacy 
 by  Alex Freund 
 By definition, every job seeker is a seller of self. The recruiter and the hiring manager, on the other hand, are the buyers. 
 
 Buyers are obligated to perform due diligence before making commitment to sellers. 
 
 Now, I’m sure that you the reader do not stretch the truth, exaggerate the facts, or even occasionally lie on your resume about certain facts, skills, or accomplishments, but I know that some others do. According to surveys such as Jobvite, 93% of recruiters use social media to check out candidates. A recruiter’s professional obligation is to make sure that resumes submitted to companies factually represent the job candidates. Otherwise, the recruiter’s credibility is on the line. Recruiters compare the content of candidates’ resumes with other facts they are able to find online. To make those comparisons, 94% use LinkedIn, 66% use Facebook, and 52% use Twitter. But what are they looking for? 
 Validation of Expertise and Experience 
 Recruiters and hiring managers compare, for example, your skills, experience, and accomplishments — as stated in your resume — with any evidence found regarding your participation in communications with others who belong to the same groups you do. If, for instance, you say you’re very qualified at the expert level, well, your claim should be evident elsewhere too. If you say you’re a leader who communicates well, then that should be apparent via your blog that is linked to your  LinkedIn profile . Furthermore, recommendations validate your expertise, and endorsements speak specifically to your professional skills. 
 Evidence of Consistency Between the Resume and Social Media 
 The basic things a recruiter validates are the matching of dates of employment and names of employers. They also search for any gaps in titles, college graduation date, academic degrees, and so forth between your LinkedIn profile and your resume. 
 
 Even though it is advised that a resume be tailored to the job being applied for and that your LinkedIn profile be more generic in nature, the basic information has to otherwise match, or the discrepancies will raise questions. 
 
 Significant varying information between the two could cost you the opportunity to continue in the selection process for further review of your candidacy. 
 Assertion of Technological Savvy 
 Those who have complete and attractive LinkedIn profiles affirm their understanding of the online business. Such profiles also serve as differentiators against more-mature people who, typically, are less savvy about new technology. 
 In Summary 
 Online presence not only is helpful to the job seeker but also makes the recruiter’s job easier when it comes to the processing of your job application. In addition, candidates who are not perfectly honest about their professional backgrounds will come to regret the deceit because sooner or later, the truth will surface. A problem that some job seekers face is their posting of some information online years ago, at a time when such information was not important to them but it helped them impress their friends and peers at the time. That information may backfire now if found — even years and years later. 
 Networking Center 
 
 Networking Tips 
 Networking Etiquette 
 Networking Events 
 Social Media and Online Presence 
 Elevator Speech 
 Informational Interviews 
 Networking Mistakes 
 FAQ About Networking 
 
 Recommended Articles 
 
 11 Simple Ways to Stand Out on LinkedIn  
 How Well do Your Accomplishments Perform?  
 Using LinkedIn to Further Your Career  
 Yes You Need a LinkedIn Profile  
 Your LinkedIn Image  
 Smart Ways to Increase Your LinkedIn Profile Visibility in No Time  
 Building a Solid LinkedIn Profile  
 Ten Tips to Effectively Reach Out to Someone New on LinkedIn  
 
 Networking Center 
 
 Networking Tips 
 Networking Etiquette 
 Networking Events 
 Social Media and Online Presence 
 Elevator Speech 
 Informational Interviews 
 Networking Mistakes 
 FAQ About Networking 
 
 Become a Contributor 
 We are always on the lookout for good writers. If you are a resume writer, career coach or human resources professional and would like to contribute, please  get in touch  and earn your badge! 
 
 WorkBloom's goal is to help you find work and reach your highest aspirations, one step at a time. 
 Featured Resources 
 
 Resume Writing 101  __ 
 Over 300 Resume Samples  __ 
 Cover Letter Writing 101  __ 
 Over 200 Cover Letter Samples  __ 
 The Holland Codes / RIASEC  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Job Search Center  __ 
 Networking Center  __ 
 Cover Letter Center  __ 
 Resume Center  __ 
 Interview Center  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Career Center  __ 
 Students & New Graduates Center  __ 
 Contributors  __ 
 Contact Us  __ 
 
 Copyright © 2006-2020 | All Rights Reserved |  Privacy Policy 
 × 
 Send 
