Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Child Life Specialist - BC Children's Hospital 
 PHSA 
 __Vancouver, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Child Life Specialist 
 BC Children’s Hospital, $31.36 to $39.10 per hour 
 What you’ll do 
 Plan, initiate, and supervise activities that foster continued growth and development in children and youth, based on daily information concerning the health care condition, developmental level, and interest by methods such as providing play materials for patients in play areas and at the bedside. 
Provide opportunities for adaptation to the hospital environment and an understanding of medical experiences by providing play materials, opportunities for health care play, and developmental information. 
Support children, youth and caregivers throughout the challenges of hospitalization and illness by identifying and encouraging effective coping techniques. 
Prepare children, youth, and families cognitively and emotionally for medical and surgical procedures through methods such as play, demonstration and/or dialogue. Provide support as part of the treatment plan including accompanying child to procedure or Operating Room and being present during a procedure to decrease stress and anxiety. 
Provide guidance, support and supervision to students and volunteers. 
Observe, record, and report relevant information relating to the patients as it pertains to Child Life, and works in collaboration with the family and health care team regarding the care of the patient. 
 What you bring 
 Bachelor of Arts Degree in Child & Youth Care from a recognized program. 
Completion of a practicum/internship in child life 
One (1) year’s recent related experience working with children and families, or an equivalent combination of education, training and experience. 
Meets the eligibility requirements to write the Child Life Certification Examination. 
 You will have the ability to: 
Assess and interact with patients and families applying theories of human growth and development, family systems, and cultural diversity. 
Represent and communicate the role of child life to others. 
Organize and prioritize work. 
Work as a member of an interdisciplinary team. 
Communicate effectively both verbally and in writing. 
Work effectively with others. 
Operate related equipment. 
Physically carry out the duties of the position. 
 What’s in it for you 
 Every PHSA employee enables the best possible patient care for our patients and their families. Whether you are providing direct care, conducting research, or making it possible for others to do their work, you impact the lives of British Columbians today and in the future. That’s why we’re focused on your care too – offering health, wellness, development programs to support you – at work and at home. 
 Join one of BC’s largest employers with province-wide programs, services and operations – offering vast opportunities for growth and development. 
Access to more than 2,000 in-house training programs. 
Enjoy a comprehensive benefits package, including municipal pension plan. 
12 annual statutory holidays with generous vacation entitlement and accruement. 
Perks include onsite fitness classes and discounts to 350 BC-wide recreational programs, travel, technology, car and bike sharing, and more. 
 Temporary, Full-Time (05/05/2021 
 Wage:  $31.36 to $39.10 per hour 
4500 Oak Street, Vancouver 
Applications will be accepted until position is filled. 
Monday to Friday; 0800-1600 
 Requisition Number:  101279 
 What we do 
 BC Children’s Hospital (BCCH) bcchildrens.ca provides care for the most seriously ill or injured children from across British Columbia. 
 Provincial Health Services Authority (PHSA) plans, coordinates and evaluates specialized health services with the BC health authorities to provide equitable and cost-effective health care for people throughout the province. Our values reflect our commitment to excellence and include: Respect people – Be compassionate – Dare to innovate – Cultivate partnerships – Serve with purpose. Learn more about PHSA and our programs: jobs.phsa.ca/programs-and-services 
 PHSA is committed to employment equity and hires on the basis of merit, encouraging all qualified individuals to apply. We recognize that our ability to provide the best care for our diverse patient populations relies on a rich diversity of skills, knowledge, backgrounds and experiences, and value a safe, inclusive and welcoming environment. 
 ATTN: PHSA Employees: 
To be considered as a PHSA employee (internal applicant) for this position, you must apply online via your internal profile at http://internaljobs.phsa.ca 
 Please note the internal job posting will no longer be accessible after the expiry date of December 7, 2020. If the internal job posting has expired, please contact the Internal Jobs Help Desk and advise that you would like to be considered as a late internal applicant for this position. Please do not apply for the external job posting. 
 If you have not registered your internal profile, a password is required to log in for the first time. To obtain your password, please contact the Internal Jobs Help Desk at 604-875-7264 or 1-855-875-7264. Please note regular business hours are Monday – Friday (excluding stats), 8:30am to 4:30pm. For inquiries outside of regular business hours, please email the Internal Jobs Help Desk at internaljobshelpu@phsa.ca and a Help Desk Representative will contact you the next business day. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
