Skip to content Skip to navigation 
 Lolsys Library 
 Fun blogs about the wonderful world of books and learning! 
 Job Club 
 30 Days of Gratitude: Days 22 - 28 
 by  Lolsy's Library November 28, 2014November 28, 2014 
 Day 22 -  Conventions  : Today started off with me feeling pretty down about a lot a of things. So going to the Supanova convention was exactly what I needed, but I was also grateful that I was able to attend this convention with good friends. What I didn't expect was to feel as free as I did. Surrounded by people in a fun environment where I felt safe to be me, I felt free from the dramas of other people treating me like a second rate friend. If I had gone out drinking, or just clubbing I would have just gotten drunk. 
 Day 23 -  Health  - So last night I pretty much spent half the night throwing up due to some food poisoning and found that more than half the people I went out with had gotten it too. So I wasn't feeling particularly grateful. Luckily though I realised if I was on the streets or in a third world country, what I went through last night, there was a serious chance that I could have died in the streets. As terrible as my stomach felt, it could have ended up a lot worse for me in a different situation. 
 Day 24 -  Job Club  - One of the requirements of not having a job in Australia is attending "Job Club" every week. Sometimes it can feel like such a chore, but I have a new case worker now and feel like he might be actually able to help me. I also got a call today from a potential employer, letting me know that the police check I sent (I sent in for a casual pool months ago) is now invalid and before they can even consider giving me employment I need a new police check…Feeling a little more positive today. 
 Day 25 -  Ferguson  : Well this has definitely been the hot topic on a global scale today and I don't even live in America! As much as I am feeling like I want to stay indoors and be a hermit right now, I am feeling very grateful to be an Australian right now __Apart from Abbott trying to ruin everything …We are pretty lucky… Let's kick Abbotts butt! I can't stand that guy,lol. 
 Peaceful Protest Ferguson! 
 Day 26 -  Breakthrough  : Last night I had such a breakdown and it was not a good one, I haven't had one like that in a really long time. For 30 years I have realised how badly I've been treated by my ex's and the damage that is pretty permanent now. It has made me though realise I need to seriously change a LOT in my life. I also need to stop dating Gamers…They are a lot of talk, but not so much about the 'walk',lol. 
 Day 27 -  " The Fight" : I have been a bit down since I had to really say goodbye to my ex and let him know that I just do not trust him and after 30 yrs. I am honestly having a hard time trying to find something to be grateful for, other than realising how strong my heart is and how loyal it is to myself instead of ignoring what I need to do. 
 Day 28 -  Thanksgiving  : How ironic that 30 days of gratitude happens to fall on Thanksgiving. There is so much that I am grateful for although I am going through a bit of a bad patch right now. But I also know because of all that I am grateful for, I will make it through this too. 
 Blog Challenges 30 Days of Gratitude   Advice   Australia   Breakthrough   convention   Conventions   date   dating   Environment   Environments   Ferguson   Fight   Food Poisoning   Free   freedom   Friend   friends   Friendships   gamers   Global   Globe   Gratitude   health   heart   Job Club   Nerd   nerdgirl   Peaceful Protest   Politics   relationship   Relationships   Supanova   Thanksgiving   The Fight   Work   Working 
 Leave a comment 
 
 Home 
 Blog Challenges 
 
 52 Week Grateful Challenge 
 Unpopular Opinions 
 Vlogs 
 
 
 Funny Fact Friday 
 Magical Monday 
 The Libraries Lessons of Life 
 The Nerd Life 
 Weekly Random Literature Quotes 
 Random Thoughts 
 Single in a small city 
 
 Categories 
 Categories Select Category 52 Week Grateful Challenge Blog Challenges Funny Fact Friday Interesting Topics Learn something new every day (or week) Magical Monday Random Thoughts Single in a small city The Libraries Lessons of Life The Nerd Life Uncategorized Vlog Weekly Random Literature Quote 
 Upcoming Events 
 
 Appreciate a Dragon Day  January 16, 2021 
 Winnie the Pooh Day  January 18, 2021 National Winnie the Pooh Day on January 18th commemorates author A.A. Milne’s birthday in 1882. 
 Museum Selfie Day  January 21, 2021 
 Library Shelfie Day  January 24, 2021 Every third Wednesday in January 
 
 Goodreads 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Website Built with WordPress.com . 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
