Skip to content 
  Working, living & Travelling in Ireland  
 Main Menu 
 
 Working in Ireland Menu Toggle
 
 Foreign Language jobs in Ireland 
 Jobs/ job announcements in Ireland 
 Recruitment Agencies Ireland 
 
 
 Living in Ireland Menu Toggle
 
 Accommodation in Ireland 
 Help with feeling down ? 
 
 
 Travel Menu Toggle
 
 Gort Cycle Trails in the Burren Lowlands Menu Toggle
 
 Ardrahan Drumharsna Castle and Old Irish Milestones Looped Cycle Trail 
 Labane to Bingham Mausoleum in Adrahan looped cycle 
 
 
 
 
 About me! 
 Work With Me! Menu Toggle
 
 Small business interviews West of Ireland 
 
 
 Have a question? Contact me ! 
 
 Jobs at Ryanair's Digital Media Lab- Just found this new site! 
 Leave a Comment  /  Jobs in Ireland  / By    Katleen  
 Hi all, 
 I know, two posts in one day, I am in overdrive:) 
 During my short flight to Eindhoven, I read the inflight magazine called   Let's Go Mag , which is actually quite good, I recommend you read it, as it always has lot's of interesting articles about places to visit, in case you are looking for inspiration. 
 As this blog is also about finding a job in Ireland, I saw an article in the mag about how Ryanair's Digital Media Lab is going tot recruit 200! people in their state-of-the-art digital and IT Innovation hub in Swords, which is North of Dublin City Centre.(It's a 25 minute drive) 
 I checked out their website, which you can find here : http://www.labs.ryanair.com 
 This is what you read when you enter their site…… 
 
 
 
 We have the resources to do it. We have the desire to do it. We have forty million people a month already visiting our web site.   This is serious . 
 
 In the article on their website they also say …. " We 're proud to pay well to make sure we get and keep the best people and Ryanair Labs will offer the perks and culture of a start-up without the downsides." 
 So if you think you have what it takes, go to their website and check out  their vacancies ! 
 Happy job hunting, there IS a job out there for you!! 
Katleen 
 
 Share this: 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 Pocket 
 
 
 More 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share this 
 
 
 
 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous Post 
 Next Post -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Workinglivingtravellinginireland 
 
 Workinglivingtravellinginireland 
 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Pages 
 
 About me! 
 Accommodation in Ireland 
 Foreign Language jobs in Ireland 
 Google Local Guide 
 Gort Cycle Trails in the Burren Lowlands 
 Have a question? Contact me ! 
 Help with feeling down ? 
 Jobs/ job announcements in Ireland 
 Living in Ireland 
 Recruitment Agencies Ireland 
 Small business interviews West of Ireland 
 Travel 
 Work With Me! 
 Working in Ireland 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 51,386 hits 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 Working, living & Travelling in Ireland | Powered by  Astra WordPress Theme 
 With Google+ plugin by Geoff Janes and Thorsten Hake 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
