Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 COUNSELLOR (REPOST) 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Schedule Monday - Friday 8:30am - 4:30pm; 35 hrs/wk 
Education Level Master's degreein Counselling Psychology, or related field of study. 
Career Level Requires 3 years of relevant experience. 
 Job Description 
 JD # 
 JD00181 
 Pay Grade: 
11 
 Title: 
Counsellor 
 Unit/Project Description: 
Education Services requires a Counsellor in our MD Program. The Counsellor's main responsibilities is to provide: 
 (i) Brief short-term counselling for a range of personal concerns (examples: acute stressors during medical school or residency, adjustment to clerkship or residency) to medical students and residents in a timely manner. The emphasis would be on rapid access to resources, care and support that is sensitive to the academic and learning culture of the learner. For psychiatric diagnosis and treatment, the counsellor would provide liaison with on-campus and off-campus mental health resources to facilitate diagnosis and treatment and, to avoid duplication of service. 
 (ii) Building wellness & mindfulness programming geared to the specific needs and contexts of learners in collaboration with the Chair and Directors, Student Affairs; Director, Residency Affaris; the Student Wellness Centre; counsellors and support services in other medical program/campuses; professional competencies; Undergraduate and Postgraduate medical education; McMaster Medical Students’ Council; among other stakeholders. 
 (iii) Liaison and consultation with faculty and staff to provide information and advice regarding mental health. 
 (iv) Liaison with regional campuses around wellness curriculum, if required, and available for student and resident support via secure telehealth connection, proportional to numbers of students. 
 The position works closely with the Undegraduate Medical Education Chair and Director(s) Student Affairs and MD Program Career Counsellors as well as the Postgradaute Medical Education Director of Resident Affairs. These tasks are completed under the direction of the UGME Program Manager. 
 Job Summary: 
The Counsellor is responsible for promoting student development, student success, and student retention by designing, and providing a comprehensive range of psychological and educational services to aid students in achieving improved academic performance, enhanced personal and social effectiveness, and appropriate educational and career plans. 
 Purpose and Key Functions: 
Identify, assess, develop, and implement effective treatment plans. 
Conduct in-depth counselling and therapy interviews and utilize existing theoretical models to interpret information. 
Provide assessments of mental health and risk factors and coordinate referrals with professionals within the Student Wellness Centre and the community. 
Aid clients in identifying and solving emotional and interpersonal problems that may be affecting their academic success, well-being, and bio-psycho-social development. 
Provide psychological counselling services such as personal counselling, group counselling, and crisis counselling. 
Interact and assess the level of risk when students present with indications of harm to self or others, or suicidality. 
Consult with others regarding how to manage difficult or disruptive behaviours. 
Respond and field inquiries from new and existing students by email and phone. 
Engage in problem solving to work through ethical dilemmas. 
Facilitate conflict resolution sessions. 
Provide debriefing to clients after a trauma has occurred. 
Advocate on behalf of students for special academic consideration. 
Nurture and support clients and encourage them to develop self care while finding a balance between multiple demands. 
Persuade clients to seek appropriate professional help and to attend appointments. 
Develop and deliver presentations, information, and training sessions to others. 
Develop and deliver group counselling and psychotherapy materials. 
Write case notes including client’s history and treatment plans. 
Write referral reports to other health professionals including general practitioners, psychiatrists, and other specialists. 
Plan and coordinate a variety of events and activities. 
Review, assess, and recommend changes to enhance the effectiveness of service delivery models. 
Maintain and safeguard the confidentiality of client records. 
Participate in professional development activities and remain current with frequent developments in a specialized field of study. 
 Requirements: 
Master’s degree in Counselling Psychology, or a related field of study. 
 Requires 3 years of relevant experience. 
 Assets: 
Position requirements 
 Graduate level training and experience in counselling, for example through social work (M.S.W) or counselling (M.Ed., M.A. or M. Sc Counselling Psychology) 
Experience working with learners in a post- secondary setting, ideally a medical school and/or residency, with knowledge of the specialty choice and residency match processes 
Working knowledge of or willingness to learn about physician training/health care systems organization/residency matching process 
Strong writing skills 
The ability to establish and maintain positive working relationships with colleagues at 3 campuses 
 Additional Information: 
This position may require you to work outside of your regular work schedule including evenings and weekends to meet operational demands. 
 The successful applicant must have access to reliable transportation that allows them to travel between sites and to the McMaster campus as required to fulfill work responsibilities. 
 The McMaster MD program is committed to principles of EDI and has a diverse student population. We strongly encourage applicants reflecting the diversity of our students to apply. 
 We thank you for your application. Please note only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 How To Apply 
 To apply for this job, please submit your application online. 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and within the lands protected by the “Dish With One Spoon” wampum agreement. 
 The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. 
 The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity and inclusion, who will contribute to the diversification of ideas and perspectives, and especially welcomes applications from indigenous (First Nations, Métis or Inuit) peoples, members of racialized communities, persons with disabilities, women, and persons who identify as 2SLGBTQ+. 
 As part of McMaster’s commitment, all applicants are invited to complete a confidential Applicant Diversity Survey through the online application submission process. The Survey questionnaire requests voluntary self-identification in relation to equity-seeking groups that have historically faced and continue to face barriers in employment. Please refer to the Applicant Diversity Survey - Statement of Collection for additional information. 
 Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact: 
 Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247), or 
Faculty of Health Sciences HR Office at ext. 22207, or 
School of Graduate Studies at ext. 23679 
 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
