Skip to content 
 Miya Notes 
 Beautiful. Simple. Fun. Japanese Tableware & Gifts 
 Big Hero 6 and Why I Shouldn't Give Up My Day Job 
 Uncategorized 
 I did not know very much about this movie at all before seeing it with Bob and our girls this past weekend and it's probably a good thing, too, since no preconceived notions and expectations usually equals a more enjoyable experience. And since, I'm far from being a professional movie critic (although I did ace a couple of film appreciation classes in college, thank you very much), I will refrain from trying to dissect the elements of this fun movie. Oops, if I call it a "fun" movie, does that mean I just reviewed it? 
 I must admit I was a little distracted by the visual elements throughout the movie. This fictional futuristic fusion city of San Fransokyo is a hybrid of San Francisco and Tokyo. It's a much grander version of many urban areas with Japanese enclave communities - San Francisco's Japantown, Los Angeles' Little Tokyo, NYC's East Village, Vancouver's Japantown, for instance, just to name a few. The architecture, the people, the signage all made for a very interesting place which I would probably highly rate on Tripadviser. For " A Tour of 'San Fransokyo,' the Hybrid City Disney Built for Big Hero 6 ," click on the image below. 
 So, as I said, I was a bit distracted with all the fun elements of this city - the Lucky Cat cafe that had cute maneki neko images dotted throughout including a noren at the entrance, the daruma that I spotted in Hiro's room, the donabe that looked very much like one we carry that held the cash prizes for Bot Fight winners, and the aforementioned fusion architecture and signage. 
 I was watching this movie, trying to keep from bawling over the storyline while simultaneously trying to keep from giggling at my youngest who actually IS bawling, and the recurring thought in my mind was, this would be a great city for selling Miya Company products! 
 This is a type of disease, by the way, that I can only describe as an occupational hazard - I'm not enjoying the storyline as deeply as I could because I'm lost in thinking I'd love to sell Aunt Cass some mugs for her cafe! This is the same disorder that compels Bob and me (and many of our friends and family members) to instinctively look at the underside of dishes and bowls in almost any retail store and Japanese restaurant to see if it one of ours. 
 I can't wait for the movie to come out on DVD just so I can pause it to see all the details of the different elements! 
 
 
 In any case, I loved that there was a mix of girls/boys as superheroes! Loved that my girls could see there were female engineers/scientists/brainiacs! Loved that they could also kick butt! Loved that creativity was encouraged and celebrated over bot fighting! So, yes, Big Hero 6 is a Must See! 
 As in, I must see it again because I lied, I was actually bawling as much as my 7-year-old and the sound of our combined sniffling kept me from hearing a lot of the movie… 
 For actual reviews of Big Hero 6, check out  Rotten Tomatoes . 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Twitter 
 Tumblr 
 Email 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 November 10, 2014November 10, 2014   miya_heidi aunt cass ,  big hero 6 ,  maneki neko ,  miya company ,  movie review 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Previous post: Spaceship Earth, Anoles and Selfies 
 Next Next post: So this is how you get things done… 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 The Princeton Paper Crane Project 
 Miya's Response to COVID-19 
 Furoshiki Wrapping for the Holidays 
 Miya's Gingerbread House! 
 Origami Workshop 
 
 Archives 
 
 July 2020 
 April 2020 
 December 2019 
 November 2019 
 July 2019 
 December 2015 
 March 2015 
 January 2015 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 February 2014 
 December 2013 
 July 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 September 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 February 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 July 2011 
 June 2011 
 May 2011 
 April 2011 
 
 Categories 
 
 Miya's Kitchen 
 Recipes 
 Uncategorized 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 like us on Facebook! 
 
 like us on Facebook! 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
