If you're seeing this message, that means  JavaScript has been disabled on your browser  , please  enable JS  to make this app work. 
 Dismiss 
 Retail Experience Manager 
 Fleet Feet Carrboro](/careers/fleetfeetsports) Carrboro, NC 
 Share 
 
 
 Depends on experience 
 
 
 Full Time 
 
 
 Ask Us! 
 
 
 Employer Fairly Likely to Respond 
 
 
 The Rundown: 
 As a Retail Experience Manager, you will be responsible for the day-to-day and long-term success of retail staff with a focus on customer experience. We believe that each one of our staff members are key contributors to our brand’s success. This position will help create the best customer experience by focusing on what matters most, our staff. You will be responsible for effective recruiting, onboarding, scheduling, coaching, performance management, and education. Our Retail Experience Manager will oversee our Retail Sales Associate, or Outfitters, as we call them, to ensure each customer is outfitted with everything they need to get started or to keep going. Joining Fleet Feet is joining a team and a community that ignites and promotes running and fitness We pride ourselves on putting people first and know that what we do each day does not happen anywhere else, for staff or customers. We truly believe that running changes everything. 
 Qualifiers: 
 
 Has a proven track record of developing and training staff 
 Fosters growth of others through recognition, coaching and development opportunities 
 Promotes individual and team performance by setting expectations, delegating and by providing tools and resources 
 Assists with making business decisions, always putting staff and customers first 
 Builds and maintains trust from staff and customers by using sound judgement 
 Passionate, positive, self-motivated and detail-oriented 
 Collaborative and customer-centric 
 Willing to go above and beyond when needed 
 Communicate professionally with customers and team 
 Deliver the best customer experience by creating a positive staff culture with a focus on performance management and education. 
 Support all Fleet Feet initiatives, activities and functions 
 
 Perks: 
 
 High energy and fun atmosphere 
 Training and advancement opportunities within the Fleet Feet brand 
 Community involvement and community service activities 
 Training Program, Race entries, and Product discounts 
 Passionate team members 
 
 Want to join our Team? 
 Are you looking to turn your passion into your career, work with like-minded people in a fast-paced, fun and customer-centric environment? Then we want you! 
 More positions available 
 Apply Now 
 Apply Now 
 Password must have at least 8 characters 
 Continue 
 Already have a Workpop account? 
 Don't have an email address? 
 or 
 Continue with Facebook 
 By continuing using any of the actions above you acknowledge that you have read and agreed to Workpop's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Workpop is the preferred hiring service for employers and candidates worldwide. 
