
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 HackerRank (S11) 
 Programmer IQ 
 Senior Product Management 
 $0 - $0 • 0.00% - 0.00% 
 Location 
 Mountain View, CA 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 6+ years 
 About HackerRank 
 About the role 
 HackerRank is a Y Combinator alumnus backed by tier-one Silicon Valley VCs. We are a skills-based hiring platform that helps companies evaluate technical skills, better. We’re driving a new paradigm shift by eliminating resumes and creating opportunities for hundreds of thousands of programmers worldwide. We have a community of 4M+ developers and 1,000+ customers across industries, and the best part is we are just getting started. Our customers - including VMware, Twitter, Capital One, and many other Fortune 100 companies - rely on HackerRank to build strong engineering teams. 
 We've assembled an amazing team that’s passionate about creating more opportunities for people by changing the way companies hire. We are ambitious, data-driven givers, and we love delighting customers. If you're interested in scaling HackerRank by working with some of the largest companies in the world, let’s talk. 
 Our mission is to match every developer to the right job. With that, one of our objectives is to build an enterprise-ready product & playbook involving engineering buy-in. As we are building up the team in CA, this role will be critical in building the right product. We are looking for a strong, proactive, hands-on Product Director to lead our HackerRank for Work Enterprise product. In this role, you will create, execute and launch core Enterprise features that will help HackerRank strengthen its lead in the market. The goal is to ultimately help customers map their job descriptions into a set of skills in order to find the best match for their openings. 
 WHAT YOU’LL LOVE TO DO… 
 
 Own and execute the product vision, strategy, and roadmap for “HackerRank for Work” Enterprise Experience features; This includes Product planning, Cross-functional launch 
 Building and managing a team 
 Collaborate with engineering and design teams to ship new, impactful features, including preparing necessary technical specifications, coordinating development activity, and tracking progress of in-flight projects 
 Be a customer advocate; Gain deep understanding of their needs through both qualitative and quantitative measures 
 Work closely with the customer-facing teams and our customers; Constantly evangelize the vision so all stakeholders are aligned, have context and understand where we are going 
 Ideate improvements that address company objectives; Build business cases, pitch ideas, and gain buy-in from stakeholders 
 Be particular about making data-driven decisions 
 Be tenacious about achieving ambitious goals and help HackerRank scale new heights 
 
 WHAT YOU’VE ALREADY DONE… 
 
 You have 5+ years experience leading a major product line in a modern enterprise company with multiple PM reports 
 You are either a self-taught developer or worked as a developer in the past 
 You're ready and willing to dive headfirst into a fast-paced and Agile start-up environment 
 You have the ability to think big and connect dots; You have demonstrated an ability to take products from a simple idea to a successful launch 
 You have superior communication skills and stage presence; you can lead by driving consensus across cross-functional stakeholders 
 You have strong design and UX skills 
 
 GET EXCITED. Because you're about to have a huge impact. HackerRank is growing fast and we're having a great time working together as we build! We're a fun, friendly, passionate bunch. We’re a team of teams and we’re looking for more smiling faces to come join us! The position is full-time and based in the heart of Silicon Valley. 
 PERKS & BENEFITS. As if working alongside the smartest brains wasn’t enough. We have a full package of competitive benefits and perks available for you and your dependents: 100% employee coverage for Medical, Dental, and Vision; with 70% coverage for dependents Employee stock options, 401k, flexible work hours and time off, commuter benefits Monthly wellness classes, free lunches, snacks and endless supply of Philz Coffee Ping pong, scooters, foosball, and beautiful trails nearby, to name a few! 
 Technology 
 Other jobs at HackerRank 
 Senior Product Management 
 fulltime 
 Mountain View, CA 
 $0 - $0 
 0.00% - 0.00% 
 6+ years 
 Senior Product Design Manager 
 fulltime 
 Mountain View, CA / Remote 
 Design Manager 
 6+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
