Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Team Member – Sales 
 Rona 
 __Bromont, QC 
 Apply Now 
 Meet Lowe’s Canada, a team of more than 28,000 employees across the country who all share the same purpose: to help Canadians love where they live. Our associates demonstrate this commitment every day by constantly seeking to satisfy their customers and by putting their heart into making a difference in the communities we serve. 
 Our home improvement family operates or services more than 630 corporate and affiliated dealer stores. With a distinctive product and service offering and complementary store formats ranging from neighbourhood hardware stores to big box stores, our Lowe’s, RONA, Reno-Depot, Dick’s Lumber, Contractor First, and Ace banners are always looking for dedicated associates to help meet the needs of all DIYers and contractors. 
 So, join a Canadian leader headquartered in Boucherville, Quebec, be part of something bigger as we expand our horizon and discover a world of opportunities! 
 Your role 
 The Team Member – Sales is responsible for providing exceptional customer service. They will meet the customers’ needs by providing them with fast and courteous service. They will be required to provide information on items and their use for one of the following departments: Lumber and Building Materials, Doors and Windows, Hardware and Tools, Electrical and Lighting, Kitchens, Plumbing, Paint and Home Decor, Flooring, and Seasonal and Garden. 
 Responsibilities 
 
 Greet customers warmly and ensure a good customer experience 
 Assess customer needs and provide well informed and specialized advice about products 
 Present merchandise (including through demos), emphasize item features, and recommend complementary items 
 Support the merchandising of products in their department (e.g., displays, visual presentation, labelling, signage) 
 Remain informed of new products and their technical applications 
 Contribute to the achievement of sales targets 
 Stay informed of promotions and flyers 
 Work in accordance with the store’s policies and procedures on loss prevention and health and safety 
 
 Job Requirements 
 The qualifications we are looking for 
 You are a good listener with strong analytical skills? You have sales experience and outstanding customer service skills? Then you have what it takes to be part of our team! Knowledge of our product and service offering will be considered an asset. 
 Note:  This form indicates the general nature and level of work performed by employees with this job title. It is not designed to contain nor should it be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications of all employees with this title. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
