
 __ 
  __    __ 
 __ 
 
 World 
 Business 
 Entertainment 
 Finance 
 Sports 
 Technology 
 Lifestyle 
 Gaming 
 
 __ 
 Search 
 Tuesday, January 19, 2021 
 
 Contact 
 
  __    __ 
 __ 
      World ABC News  
 
 World 
 Business 
 Entertainment 
 Finance 
 Sports 
 Technology 
 Lifestyle 
 Gaming 
 
 
 Home  __ Business  __ Air Canada cutting about 1,700 jobs as it reduces capacity in response... 
 
 Business 
 
 Air Canada cutting about 1,700 jobs as it reduces capacity in response to pandemic restrictions 
 By 
 worldabcnews 
 - 
 January 13, 2021 
 __0 
 __13 
 __Share on Facebook   __Tweet on Twitter   __ __ __ 
 
 Air Canada says it will cut 1,700 jobs as it scales down operations in response to a new wave of COVID-19 lockdown restrictions. 
 The 25 per cent reduction in service will also affect 200 employees at Air Canada's Express carriers, the company said Wednesday morning. 
 "We regret the impact these difficult decisions will have on our employees who have worked very hard during the pandemic looking after our customers, as well as on the affected communities," Lucie Guillemette, Air Canada's executive vice-president and chief commercial officer, said  in a statement . 
 Guillemette said increased travel restrictions by federal and provincial governments have had an immediate impact on the company's bookings. 
 With the reduction, Air Canada's capacity in the first quarter of 2021 will be about 20 per cent of its capacity during the first quarter of 2019, the company says. 
 "While this is not the news we were hoping to announce this early into the year, we are nonetheless encouraged that Health Canada has already approved two vaccines and that the government of Canada expects the vast majority of eligible Canadians to be vaccinated by September," Guillemette said. 
 "We look forward to seeing our business start to return to normal and to bringing back some of our more than 20,000 employees currently on furlough and layoff." 
 Atlantic Canada hit hard by cuts 
 Air Canada notified airports in Atlantic Canada this week that it would cut additional routes in the region, suspending all flights in Gander, N.L., Goose Bay, N.L., and Fredericton until further notice. It also said it was suspending passenger service to Yellowknife on Jan. 23. 
 The airline said it is contacting affected customers to offer them options such as refunds or alternative travel arrangements. 
 The cuts come just days after Air Canada's latest round of service reductions in Atlantic Canada went into effect on Jan. 11. 
 The federal government says it's 'disappointed by airlines' decisions to cancel more regional routes.' (Ben Nelms/CBC) 
 Monette Pasher, executive director of the Atlantic Canada Airports Association, said in a statement that the repercussions of the service cuts would be felt for years to come in communities in the region. 
 "We cannot just flip a switch to turn air service back on when we get to the other side of this pandemic," Pasher said. "We are going to have a long, hard road ahead of us to rebuild air access for our region." 
 B.C. strongly affected 
 Air Canada's cuts will also strongly impact British Columbia, where flights out of Prince Rupert and Kamloops have been suspended. 
 Ed Ratuski, managing director of the Kamloops Airport, said he expects the cutbacks to remain in effect through March. 
 "Our concern is … what kind of impact this reduction in service will have on workers who have to travel by air to support their families locally," he said. 
 Kamloops Mayor Ken Christian said he was "beyond disappointed" to see the cancellation of the city's only direct flights to Vancouver. Kamloops is about 250 kilometres northeast of Vancouver. 
 "When you have places, like the B.C. Lottery Corporation, that have their provincial headquarters in Kamloops, it's just unfathomable that you would have no air access for them to shuffle employees back and forth," he said. 
 Passenger confusion 
 Carriers have been wrestling with a slump in demand and passenger confusion following the Jan. 7 introduction of new Canadian rules requiring travellers to test negative for the novel coronavirus before boarding a plane bound for the country. 
 Privately held WestJet Airlines said last week it would reduce capacity, with schedule cuts that would mean furloughs, layoffs, unpaid leaves or reduced hours for about 1,000 employees. 
 The federal government is "disappointed by airlines' decisions to cancel more regional routes," a spokesperson said by email. 
 "COVID-19 has led to an unprecedented situation in the aviation sector," said Allison St-Jean, a press aide for new Transport Minister Omar Alghabra. "We are fully seized with the issue of how hard the air sector has been hit because of COVID-19, and we are committed to providing assistance to Canada's air sector." 
 Source link  
 
 TAGS 
 Air 
 Canada 
 capacity 
 Cutting 
 jobs 
 pandemic 
 reduces 
 Response 
 restrictions 
 
 SHARE 
 __Facebook   __Twitter   __ __ __ 
 
 
 
 tweet 
 
 
 
 Previous article Inside Gogglebox star Helena Worthington’s quirky home – and the bits you don’t see on TV 
 Next article Hogwarts Legacy has been delayed to 2022 
 
 worldabcnews 
 RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR 
 
 Business 
 Salesforce leads $15M investment in Indian HR tech platform Darwinbox – TechCrunch 
 
 Business 
 Canada clears Boeing 737 Max for flight nearly 2 years after global grounding 
 
 Business 
 Unifor members approve pact that will see GM invest $1B in CAMI plant 
 
 LEAVE A REPLY  Cancel reply 
 Please enter your comment! 
 Please enter your name here 
 You have entered an incorrect email address! 
 Please enter your email address here 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 
 LATEST NEWS 
 
 Slovakia's shutout of Switzerland kicks off world juniors from Edmonton 
 worldabcnews  - December 25, 2020 
 0 
 
 MasterCard investigating Pornhub over allegations of child sexual abuse content on site 
 December 6, 2020 
 
 Jenny Slate Is Pregnant, Expecting Baby No. 1 With Ben Shattuck 
 December 11, 2020 
 MUST READ 
 The Hollies: Drummer Booby Elliott recalls 60s band's roaring success | Music | Entertainment 
 worldabcnews  - January 17, 2021 
 0 
 Good Morning Britain fears losing Ranvir Singh after her successful stint on Strictly 
 worldabcnews  - December 5, 2020 
 0 
 Helen Flanagan PIC EXC: Star cradles her baby bump for pre-natal workout series 
 worldabcnews  - December 10, 2020 
 0 
 Load more __ 
 
 Get the latest news stories and headlines from around the world. We provide you with the latest breaking news, stories and videos. 
 Contact us:  info@worldabcnews.com 
  __    __ 
 POPULAR POSTS 
 
 George Russell breaks silence after Mercedes confirm Lewis Hamilton Abu Dhabi... 
 December 10, 2020 
 
 No one has lost quite like Donald Trump in nearly 150... 
 December 15, 2020 
 
 Fossil fuel production far exceeds climate targets, UN says 
 December 2, 2020 
 POPULAR CATEGORY 
 
 
 Entertainment1281 
 
 
 Lifestyle1247 
 
 
 Technology1184 
 
 
 Football844 
 
 
 English Premier League803 
 
 
 Gaming758 
 
 
 World720 
 
 
 Finance694 
 
 
 Computers & Softwares436 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Advertise with us 
 
 
 (C) Copyright 2017 worldabcnews 
 __ MORE STORIES 
 
 Pornhub removes all uploaded content from unverified users 
 December 14, 2020 
 
 Alberta braces for Biden's Keystone XL decision 
 January 18, 2021 
 This site uses cookies:  Find out more. Accep All 
 Edit with Live CSS 
 Save 
 Write CSS OR LESS and hit save. CTRL + SPACE for auto-complete. 
