Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Food Service Worker 
 St. Joseph's Villa, Dundas 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 St. Joseph’s Villa is one of Ontario’s largest and most innovative long term care homes. Located in historic downtown Dundas, we are proud to be the second largest organization in the St. Joseph’s Health System. Continuing the mission and legacy of the Sisters of St. Joseph of Hamilton, we are proud to serve our community. 
 We are the largest employer in Dundas. Our campus is conveniently located on a city bus route and offers free parking. We offer a range of challenging, rewarding careers and advancement opportunities for dedicated professionals in a health care environment. 
 Every member of our team matters. 
 St. Joseph’s Villa Employees Benefits include: 
 · Free Membership to our on-site Staff Fitness Centre 
 · Educational Scholarships, Mentorship & Support for Career Advancement 
 · Teaching & Facilitator Opportunities with partnership programs for community colleges, universities and secondary schools 
 · Recognition for Excellence through Annual Service Awards and Applause Awards 
 · Contributions to the HOOP Pension Plan 
 · Health and Wellness Benefits through Manulife Financial (eligibility & enrollment varies) 
 · St. Joseph Health System Employee Rewards/Discount Program 
 · Employee Celebrations through Spirit Committee, Staff Appreciation Week, Nurses Week etc. 
 **  We are currently seeking a Food Service Worker to join our growing and dynamic team! ** 
 Duties and Responsibilities 
 · Set the dining room tables with cutlery, mugs, side plates, napkins and condiments 
 · Portion menu items such as desserts, milk, juice, salad plates, follow therapeutic menu portion sizes 
 · Prepare sandwiches and special request items 
 · Serve meals to residents in a courteous and friendly manner fulfilling the mission of St. Joseph's Villa 
 · Ensure Ministry of Health Standards are met 
 · Properly store and/or dispose of food items that are not required for meal service 
 · Assist with catered functions 
 · Participate in staff meetings 
 · Prepare nourishment carts and serve afternoon snacks 
 · Wash pots, pans and small wares 
 · Clean dish machine and dish room equipment 
 · Participate in Departmental Safety Inspections when required 
 · Other duties as assigned 
 Skills and Experience 
 Certified Food Handlers Course 
 Certified Food Service Worker Course 
 Experience in Long Term Care is an asset 
 EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER 
 St. Joseph’s Villa is an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, colour, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
 Job Type: Permanent 
 Benefits: 
 
 Company pension 
 Employee assistance program 
 On-site gym 
 On-site parking 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 Holidays 
 Weekends 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Food Service: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Education: 
 
 Secondary School (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
