WorkInRetail - the #1 site for Retail jobs.  - Your Source for Finance Jobs 
 At a glance 
 Location:  US-MI-Lansing 
 Posted:  1/19/2021 
 Closing:  2/18/2021 
 Degree:  High School 
 Employment Type:  Full-Time 
 Experience:  Not Specified 
 Work at Home Automotive T3 Advisor 
 Teleperformance At Home 
 To apply, visit:  https://www.workinretail.com/jobs/Work-at-Home-Automotive-T3-Advisor/J3Q0HY78YNLJBWTHL6P 
 Job description 
 Overview** 
 Automotive Customer Service Call Center (T3) Representative 
 
 Why You’ll Choose Us 
 Teleperformance is a strategic partner to the world’s leading companies, bringing solutions and enhancing customer experience during each interaction. We are the largest interaction expert team in the market: multicultural, highly skilled, and deeply knowledgeable, with a wide range of integrated omnichannel solutions, technology, and the highest security standards. For us, each interaction needs to be treated as unique. 
 Benefits of working with TP include: 
 
 Paid Training 
 Competitive Wages:
 
 Training rate of $14.20 
 Production rate between $14.45/hour - $18.00/hour 
 Monthly Bonuses between $100 - $250 
 Client funded incentives between $200/month - $400/month 
 
 
 Full Benefits (Medical, Dental, Vision, 401k and more) 
 Employee wellness and engagement programs 
 A fun, casual virtual work environment 
 
 You’re Impact in This Role 
 Our Automotive Customer Service Call Center (T3) Representatives are a very important part of our family. You will be the eyes and ears for our team, fielding customer inquiries and finding innovative ways to respond to either customer inquiries. Working in a collaborative and engaging environment, you will have the chance to interact with people from all walks of life and no two days will be the same. As you continue to grow and challenge yourself, you will discover your potential can take you anywhere you want to go. 
 In addition to the overall convenience, you’ll enjoy the many benefits of working from home! 
 
 Removing the cost, stress and time constraints of a daily commute 
 Total comfort of working from your own home 
 A flexible work scheduled and more work life balance 
 
 Responsibilities 
 Your Responsibilities 
 
 Handle and carefully respond to all customer inquiries by building excellent rapport & confidence, identifying their needs, and taking strategic action in a timely manner 
 Provide excellent customer service through active listening on every interaction 
 Troubleshoot and resolve customer issues through the use of desktop applications 
 Work with confidential customer information and treat it sensitively 
 Solve customer issues with automobiles and/or their respective dealers 
 Aim to resolve issues on the first call by being proactive and demonstrating 
 
 Qualifications 
 What We’re Looking for 
 
 Logical problem-solving skills 
 Availability to work various shifts 
 Ability to use Windows operating systems 
 Ability to type 25 wpm 
 Over 18 years of age 
 High School Graduate or GED 
 Ability to multitask 
 Predictable and reliable attendance 
 2+ years customer service experience 
 Consistent work history 
 Proven oral & written communication skills 
 Comfort with desktop computer system 
 Some Technical background 
 
 Being One of Our People 
 It is our mission to always provide an environment for our employees that promotes happiness from the inside out. When you work with us, you are valued and inspired to learn, to teach, and to grow. We want you to come to work motivated to and proud to be on our team. That’s why we continually invest in creating outstanding work experiences and endless development opportunities. We want you to be and feel at your best, always. 
 Date of Posting: 9/24/20 
 Teleperformance is an Equal Opportunity Employer 
 Job requirements 
 To apply, visit:  https://www.workinretail.com/jobs/Work-at-Home-Automotive-T3-Advisor/J3Q0HY78YNLJBWTHL6P 
