  
 
 Home 
 Job Search 
 Recruitment 
 Resume Tips 
 Interview Tips 
 Career Advice 
 
 Questions you should ask yourself before making a job change 
 __ March 13, 2020  __ Workruit  __ Job search  __ 0 
 Thinking of a job change? Read this, before you take a leap. 
 You might consider shifting  jobs  for a variety of reasons. You might want to further your  career  or seek a hip work culture and a rewarding paycheck. Regardless of the reasons know that the process demands time, effort and dedication. Even before you set out on this journey ask yourself the right questions, and move with confidence that you’re making an informed decision. 
 
 What are your reasons to move jobs? 
 
 Understanding why you need the job change is important to set your own expectations straight. What is it about the current employer that you dislike? What makes you dissatisfied/ unhappy here? This will help you organize your priorities and  create your resume  to align with your  career  goals. If you have a mentor at work, discuss these reasons with them and explore the possibility of solutions without actually moving jobs.  Most businesses are willing to make changes in roles, salaries and even teams — to retain their employees.  Explore these options. 
 2. What do you expect from the new role? 
 Going through detailed job-descriptions will help you reduce expectation mismatches when you apply. Lay emphasis on what you want different in the new job. This could be as trivial as a change in a location closer to home, or the need to have the option to  work from home  once in a while. It could also be as complicated as a 360-degree  career change.  In another instance, you might want to work with a company that offers a better  work-life balance  , or a more diverse team that you can interact with and learn from. Whatever you expect from the new workplace, ensure you know it. 
 3. How will a job change impact your long-term goals? 
 People end up making poor  career change  choices with short-term objectives alone in mind. Shifting to a competitor without any potential for growth, just because they offer a higher paycheck — is a common example. Sometimes, it is okay to let go of a seemingly good opportunity if it is going to affect your long-term  career  goals. Think ahead, and take a wholesome view of your professional objectives before taking that leap. 
 4. What have you learned from the existing job, that you can bring to your next role? 
 This is an important one. How has your current job changed you? What have you learned here that made you a better professional? How have you grown as a contributor or as a leader — what new skills have you acquired and what new connections have you made? In this  competitive job market  , answering these questions will give you clarity about your own worthiness. In addition, it will help you  create your resume  to reflect your true potential. Hiring managers would want to know how quickly you’ll adapt to their team dynamics; so take account of how you’ve done that in your previous role, and showcase it to win them over. 
 5. Is the time really right? 
 Timing is everything. There is a good time to begin a  job search  and a bad one. Often, people wait until they are bored and feel dejected at their current role to move between  jobs,  and this is a desperate move. The best time to actually jump between companies is when you are performing consistently. That gives a fantastic case for your future employer to consider you a good investment. Do not decide to leave a company just because you’re disgruntled. Leave because the time is right for you to move on, and further your  career  at another organization. 
 Answer these questions for yourself before you decide to go on a  job-hunting  spree. Know that a job change should be a positive highlight in your professional life, not a desperate attempt at escaping from a situation you are not willing to work with. 
 Explore jobs on  Workruit  , and  save time on your job search . Download our mobile app now! 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 __ 
 
 career 
 career advice 
 career change 
 jobs 
 workruit 
 
 [Previous 
 Take a leap forward on your job search with this leap year 
 ](https://blog.workruit.com/2020/02/27/take-a-leap-forward-on-your-job-search-with-this-leap-year/) 
 [Next 
 Useful Habits to Improve Work-Life Balance 
 ](https://blog.workruit.com/2020/03/17/useful-habits-to-improve-work-life-balance/) 
 Be the first to comment 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 What's new? 
 
 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CqjfXwPGvek 
 Search a blog 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 6 Tips for a Career Change 
 How to recognize if it's a good job or bad job for you? 
 Kick-start your career early while pursuing your degree 
 11 Tips to Create an Amazing Resume 
 Career-advice: Tips for first-time job seekers 
 
 
 Workruit aims at simplifying job search and recruitment using advanced Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning technologies. The time taken for the hiring process is reduced by half since Workruit sifts the applicants using data analytics and displays only relevant profiles that match your requirements. 
 Categories 
 
 Career Advice 
 Hiring 
 Hiring Tips 
 Interview Tips 
 Job search 
 Resume Tips 
 
 Follow Us 
 
 Facebook  
 Instagram  
 Twitter  
 LinkedIn  
 Medium  
 YouTube  
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 | WordPress Theme by  MH Themes 
 %d bloggers like this: 
