Skip to content 
 Work at Home Online for Free 
 Menu and widgets 
 
 My #1 Work at Home Recommendation 
 About Me 
 My Blog 
 Make Money Online Videos 
 Affiliate Disclosure 
 
   
   
   
 Search for: 
   
   
   
   
 How to Quit Your Job and Start Your Own Business 
 
 The best advice I can give you if you want to know how to quit your job and start your own business is to tell you how I did it. I quit my job back in 2007 to start my own business and work at home. I now have several websites that make money, a huge following on social media, nearly 4,000 email subscribers and two YouTube Channels. I’ll tell you exactly how I did this in this article. You can read more about my personal story  HERE. 
 How I Quit My Job and Started My Own Business 
 I got my training on how to work at home online from a company called,  Wealthy Affiliate .  I’ll tell you more about them later in this article, but that’s where I learned how to do this. You can read my full review of Wealthy Affiliate  HERE.  And you can watch all my videos about them  HERE . 
 But let’s cut right to the chase and tell you what they taught me: 
 Step 1:  Decide on a topic or niche you’re interested in. What do you want your business to focus on? What interests you? Do you have any passions? If you’re building a business around something you love, it won’t even feel like work. (I actually like my job now). 
 Step 2:  Create a website all about that topic. You can write articles or blog posts all about your topic. You can do videos about your topic. You can start and join discussions about your topic on social media and in online forums. There are a ton of ways to engage online and create content about any topic you choose. 
 Step 3:  Drive traffic to your website. Anyone can start a website or a blog, but unless you know how to actually get visitors to that site, you can’t make any money. Wealthy Affiliate taught me this very crucial piece. 
 Step 4:  Monetize your website. There are tons of ways to do this. One way is to become an affiliate for products and services that have to do with your topic, and promote those products and services within your articles and blog posts on your website. That’s called affiliate marketing – which is mostly what I do. Another way is to place banner ads on your website. You can also create and sell your own products, you can sell other people’s products. You can create an online store on your website…there are a ton of ways to monetize your website and earn revenue. 
 Let’s Get Even More Specific 
 What I’ve just shared with you is just a basic overview of how I started my own business. Now let me point out a few more details based on my personal experience: 
 
 Pick a topic you love  for your business to focus on. This is so important if you want to stay motivated and actually like working on your business (liking your job…imagine that! LOL 
 
 2. Get good training.  I did a lot of trial-and-error stuff when I was first trying to figure out how I could quit my job and start my own business. Save yourself that time and trouble. Wealthy Affiliate has a  **free starter program ** where you can learn how to do this stuff for free. They are the best training you’ll find…trust me, I’ve done the legwork! 
 3. Follow people who are doing what you want to do.  Me, for example! Seriously, I did in fact quit my job and started my own business. I work at home on my laptop in my pajamas. Learn from me…follow me…let me help you. I have a whole list of internet entrepreneurs who I follow. There’s no sense trying to figure things out yourself. There are tons of people who are doing what you want to do and are more than happy to teach and help you. 
 4. Pick a strategy and stay focused.  I made lots of mistakes in this area when I was a beginner. Instead of focusing on my website and consistently creating content (articles, blog posts, etc), I’d often find myself chasing everything that was new and shiny. I kept getting distracted by every big idea that came along. There are so many scams out there, and so many so-called, “guru’s” who promise to teach you how to get rich quick. I fell victim to a lot of that stuff, and I wasted an enormous amount of time pursuing every idea. I now know the best thing is to pick a topic, create a website, and stay focused on consistently creating content for that website. 
 5. Collect email subscribers right from the beginning.  Luckily, I learned this early and I’ve been building my email subscriber lists pretty much from the beginning. Somewhere on your website, whether it’s an ad on the sidebar, a pop-up, or just an invitation at the end of all your articles and blog posts – create a way for people to sign up for your email subscriber list. Anyone who’s anyone in internet marketing will tell you THE MONEY IS IN YOUR LIST. You can build a huge list of people who have visited your website and are interested in your topic that you can market to for years to come. I personally use  AWeber  for my email subscriber lists. There are videos and articles on this website and on my  YouTube channel  about how I do this. 
 6. Create email funnels.  When someone subscribers to your email subscriber list, you should have several emails already set up and scheduled that they will receive over a series of days or weeks. I personally insert every blog post I write into an email in my funnels so that every person who subscribes to my list will eventually be shown every article I have available. Again, I use  AWeber  to do this. 
 7. Post every article, video and blog post you create on several social medi   a platforms.  I personally use a WordPress plugin called,  Blog2Social   to do this. You can see how I use it in my video,  HERE.   Having a following on social media will bring you a ton of traffic. 
 8. Scale and branch out.  Once you establish your website, start to get visitors, and start to get a following, you can branch out to other topics having to do with your niche and create more and more content on various aspects of your niche. You can also start new websites for any number of other topics. But I have to stress again, until you’re established and making a good income, just stay focused on creating content for your original website until you’re consistently earning enough money to quit your job. Then you can scale and branch out. Don’t get distracted, and don’t give up. Stick to it and it’ll pay off. 
 What Should Your Website be About? 
 You can create a business focused on any topic you can think of. You can have a blog, you can have a YouTube channel. Your can promote your books if you’re an author, or promote your art if you’re an artist. You can promote Yankees merchandise if you’re a baseball fan, or NFL stuff if you like football. You can create a website around knitting, golfing, cooking, weight loss, exercise, yoga, painting, reading, rocket science, chemistry, gardening, teaching, spirituality, coaching, self-help….seriously, I’m typing every topic that comes to mind as quickly as I can because your choices really are endless. 
 Pick a topic. 
 Create a website. 
 Start writing articles and/or making videos about that subject. 
 Promote products and services relating to your topic within your content that you earn commission on. 
 Collect email addresses and maintain an email marketing list with funnels. 
 Post everything you do on social media, 
 …and make money. 
 That’s how you quit your job and start your own business! 
 Want to Learn More? 
 There’s so much opportunity in this arena that I cannot possibly explain everything in this article. Your business can be as small or as large as you want. You can work on your business part time, or make it a full time career. My suggestion to you is to get the same training I got – sign up for the  Free Starter Membership  at Wealthy Affiliate and they’ll teach you exactly how to do what I’ve described in this article. That’s what I did, and I’ve never looked back. I hope I’ve helped you, and please feel free to comment below if you have any questions. I’m happy to help! Debra 🙂 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. 
 Comment 
 Name 
 Email 
 Website 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Privacy Policy    Proudly powered by WordPress  
