
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Hot Damn! it's a Full-time job 
 Skilled Creative is looking for a Creative Strategist  in New York, USA. Not an ordinary Creative Strategist  but the kind of Creative Strategist  that makes other Creative Strategist s question their Creative Strategist -ness. 
 About 
 ABOUT THE POSITION 
 This role is a collaborative creative-thinker who can conceptualize big-picture strategy while paying close attention to the details. You love storytelling, dreaming up big ideas and exploring innovative technology. While you may not be an expert in any one of these, you’ll have a hand in pitch decks, copywriting, visual design, voice UX/UI, marketing campaigns, audio production and more. This role will be involved from the early stages of strategy to the final stages of production. You love wearing many hats within a creative role. You are an excellent writer with an eye for production and a knack for staying organized. 
 RESPONSIBILITIES 
 - Ideate creative concepts for our client campaigns, thinking strategically about voice technology and our clients’ objectives 
- Research the latest features in voice, understanding the ins and outs of voice, IoT, digital storytelling and innovative technology 
- Draft and work with team to build decks and presentation materials that are clear and effective 
- Work with Creative Director and creative team to produce, organize and edit all aspects of creative output for a voice product: voice UX/UI, copy and scripting, audio and voice over, visuals, campaign marketing assets and more 
- Help to implement internal and client feedback on creative material 
- Interact with creative team, development team and project managers on a regular basis 
 THE RIGHT FIT FOR THIS POSITION 
 2+ years in creative or strategy at an agency or digital media brand 
 Foundation in brand strategy and creative thinking 
 Excellent writing and editing skills 
 Experience creating beautiful decks and presentations 
 Experience working with a cross-functional creative team 
 Experience in voice, Amazon Alexa, Google Assistant and/or emerging tech a plus, but not required 
 Highly-organized and deadline-oriented 
 Timing: Immediate start. Initial 3-month contract with potential to grow to full-time. 
 Company Links 
 
   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7931-skilled-creative-creative-strategist  
 On-site required? 
 No 
 Experience 
 1-3 years 
 Date Posted 
 January 12, 2021 (Originally posted January 8, 2021) 
 Managed By 
 Oliver Garside 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
