
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 System Operations Supervisor 
 Northern Virginia Electric Cooperative 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 System Operations Supervisor 
 Northern Virginia Electric Cooperative 
 [](mailto:?subject=System%20Operations%20Supervisor&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/14065571/system-operations-supervisor/ "Email")  
 Application 
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 November 3, 2020 
 Location: 
 Manassas, Virginia 
 __ Show Map 
 Type: 
 Full Time - Experienced 
 Preferred Education: 
 2 Year Degree 
 Power up your career by joining the team at Northern Virginia Electric Cooperative (NOVEC)! 
 We are currently looking for a Supervisor who will supervise the daily activities of a 24/7 Operations Center to operate, monitor and maintain NOVEC's transmission and distribution system to ensure a consistent, high-level of system operations and customer service. This position will also supervise NOVEC employees and contract crews in the emergency restoration of service and planned maintenance to the system. 
 _* Special Note -- This position's work hours will be a combination of 8 or 12 hour shifts, approximately 4 days a week - rotation would include nights, days and weekends.  _ 
 ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES  will include, but are not limited to, the following: 
 
 Monitor system service reliability, and implement plans for continuous improvement of reliability and customer service. 
 Coordinate the response to Fire, Police, and other public service agencies requests for assistance in emergency situations involving NOVEC facilities. 
 Review and approve trouble call reports, job orders, database and map update for proper completion of work, submission of additional work requests and accurate documentation and reporting. 
 Work continually towards self-development to stay current on system operations and distributions and supervisory procedures and practices. 
 Establish and maintain systems and controls which verify the integrity of all systems, processes and data. 
 Provide leadership within the department to ensure required human resource administration, staffing, training, coaching, development, work assignments, performance management, goals and objectives and compliance with company policies and procedures. 
 Supervise, authorize, and coordinate substation, transmission, and distribution switching activities for service restoration and load transfer activates. 
 Manage outage damage assessment, resource allocation, and power restoration. 
 Supervise operation and monitoring of Outage Management System, IVR, telephone, radio, SCADA, Fire Alarm, Security and other systems and facilities both during and after normal business hours (24/7). 
 Suggest improvements or changes to power system for improved system reliability and/or cost savings. 
 Analyze and approve project requests for proper design regarding operating efficiency. 
 
 
 EDUCATION AND/OR EXPERIENCE: 
 Associate's degree in Electrical Engineering or a related field is required or equivalent combination of education and experience.  At least one to two years of related experience and/or training including management of programs and supervision of people is required.  Experience in the operation of transmission and distribution systems and related equipment for power systems is strongly desired. 
 SKILLS AND ABILITIES: 
 
 Demonstrated ability to function independently in a multi-task environment, as well as part of a team. 
 Demonstrated knowledge of all company policies and procedures as well as all applicable federal, state, and local laws. 
 Demonstrated knowledge of generally accepted accounting principles and mathematical skills. 
 Demonstrated proficiency with general computer operation and Microsoft Office applications. 
 Demonstrated ability to communicate effectively and efficiently with all levels within the organization. 
 Demonstrated ability to anticipate and meet rapidly changing customer and business needs by quickly refocusing and realigning strategic and operational direction. 
 Demonstrated knowledge of information and electrical systems used to evaluate workload. 
 Demonstrated knowledge of training materials.  Ability to explain materials and teach principles of electricity. 
 Demonstrated ability to analyze transformer and circuit loading. Knowledge of function and operation of substation and line equipment.  Knowledge of principles of power flow. 
 Demonstrated knowledge of engineering and operational principles and construction methods. 
 Demonstrated ability to analyze data and make sound business decisions. 
 Demonstrated ability to analyze statistical data and formulate plan of action for improvement. 
 Demonstrated ability to lead people and get results through others.  Ability to develop and motivate a team.  Ability to organize and manage multiple priorities. 
 Demonstrated Ability to think ahead and plan over a short and long-term focus. 
 Demonstrated knowledge of human resources administration to manage employees work, conduct performance review, develop goals and objectives and assure compliance with policies and procedures. 
 
 If you're ready to take the next step towards advancing your career, apply today!  NOVEC is an equal opportunity employer and participates in E-Verify.  We do not provide sponsorships for our positions. 
 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About Northern Virginia Electric Cooperative 
 Northern Virginia Electric Cooperative (NOVEC) is a locally based and locally owned electric distribution system headquartered in Manassas, VA. NOVEC provides reliable electric service to more than 167,000 homes and business located in Clarke, Fairfax, Fauquier, Loudoun, Prince William and Stafford counties, the City of Manassas Park and the Town of Clifton (all in the state of Virginia). 
 Connections working at Northern Virginia Electric Cooperative 
 More Jobs Like This 
 
 
 
 Optical Manufacturing Engineer 
 __  Bandon, Oregon 
 
 
 
 
 Hardin Optical Company 
 __4 Days Ago 
 
 
 Transmission Engineer III or Senior 
 __  Moore, Oklahoma 
 
 
 WFEC 
 __1 Week Ago 
 
 
 Manager of Engineering 
 __  Paducah, Kentucky 
 
 
 Jackson Purchase Energy Cooperative 
 __1 Week Ago 
 
 
 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
