Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Underground Mine Operations Supervisor 
 Vale 
 __Canada 
 Apply Now 
 Who We Are 
 Vale is a global mining company headquartered in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. We are leaders in the production of iron ore and one of the largest global producers of nickel. In Canada, Vale employs approximately 6,000 people in our corporate office in Toronto and at sites in Manitoba, Ontario, and Newfoundland and Labrador, where we produce nickel, copper, cobalt, platinum group metals, gold and silver. 
 Our open-pit mine and concentrator in Voisey’s Bay - Vale’s only fly-in/fly-out operation in Canada - produces nickel-cobalt-copper concentrate and copper concentrate. An underground expansion will see a transition to a leading edge underground mine. Our state-of the-art facility in Long Harbour is the first nickel processing plant in the world to use hydrometallurgy technology to produce Plating RoundsTM from hard rock (sulphide) concentrate, with zero emissions. Our offices in St. John’s and Goose Bay provide support to the Newfoundland and Labrador Operations 
 Through their hard work, innovation and forward thinking, it is our employees, and a wholesome orebody of course, that ensures a bright future for Vale in Canada – a future we want you to be a part of. 
 The Opportunity 
 We are currently seeking MULTIPLE Underground Mine Operations Supervisors to join our Operational Readiness (OR) Team at our remote mine site in Voisey’s Bay, Labrador, a fly-in fly-out operation. These permanent positions will be on a 2 week in/2 week out rotation. 
 The Underground Mine Operations Supervisor is responsible to continuously improve the work team performance through established processes and procedures in achieving assigned objectives. The supervisor will work to improve the effectiveness of the front-line team while meeting the business objectives. 
 The Underground Mine Operations Supervisor will play a key role in development of the Operational Readiness plan for the underground mining operation in Voisey’s Bay. This role will provide ongoing input to the design and construction details of the mine expansion project, as well as develop procedures and practices for the underground mine. The main challenge for this role is to ensure the underground mine is ready for full production when the project period finishes. 
 Assigning tasks to team members so that the work is completed in a safe and coordinated way; 
 Using practical judgment, within limits set by the Mine Manager, to handle process and social problems effectively as they occur; 
 Help develop and review Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) to be used during mine operations; 
 Correctly applying established policies, procedures, and known methods; 
 Coaching and teaching team members to continuously improve their skills and performance; 
 During shift, hold team accountable for safety, behavior, housekeeping, team work, and professionalism; 
 Supervise the production work components of the front-line planning and scheduling business process; 
 Carryout tasks as assigned by the Superintendent or his/her designate to achieve the desired results within an agreed upon timeline and end state; 
 Work within budget, guidelines, and standards to execute Safety and Production Plans as established by the Superintendent or his/her designate; 
 Foster a climate of safety, mutual trust, and respect among all members of his/her team; 
 Work collectively with peers and cross functionally with colleagues in engineering, geology, maintenance, and services to achieve the objectives of the mine; 
 Request training in skills development where required and communicate needs to the Superintendent. 
 About You 
 Education: 
Underground Common Core (First Line Production Supervisor or Hard Rock Miner) 
 Graduate of Mining Technologist program, or similar, is preferred. 
 Experience: 
A minimum of 3-4 years of similar supervisory experience in underground mining operations. 
Experience in underground backfill operation is considered an asset. 
 Exceptional communication and presentation skills. 
 Ability to decipher and prioritize multiple tasks. 
 Hold people accountable for working within boundaries of Vale’s policies and procedures. 
 Courage – must be able to demonstrate a reasonable trust in personal abilities. 
 Must be able to recognize, prioritize and understand the controls required to mitigate risks in the workplace. 
 Supervisory training program considered an asset 
 Computer knowledge in MS Word and Excel 
 Strong business and process knowledge. 
 First Aid Training. 
 Difference Makes All the Difference 
 At Vale, we are committed to ensuring an inclusive work environment where people feel comfortable to be themselves. Vale encourages everyone to express their ideas and opinions and Vale values the plurality of individual profiles. We want our people to feel that all voices are heard, all cultures respected and that a variety of perspectives are not only welcome – they are essential to our success. We treat each other fairly and with dignity regardless of race, gender, nationality, ethnic origin, religion, age, sexual orientation or any other personal consideration that makes us different. 
 Vale is an equal opportunity employer seeking to increase diversity across our operations and improve equal opportunity at Vale and in the mining industry. 
 Interested applicants are encouraged to submit their application online at www.valejobs.ca or by forwarding their application to their Vale Aboriginal Employment Coordinator. 
 Deadline to Apply:  Thursday, December 3rd, 2020 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
