Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Sales and Leasing Consultant 
 Kia of Hamilton 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Are you a competitive person? Were you the one always pushing to be number one? Do you go the extra mile to achieve your goals? Were you the kid that always had an answer for everything? 
 If so, we’re looking for you! Due to our overwhelming growth, coupled with Kia being the fastest growing brand in Canada we have an abundance of opportunity and need to grow our team to meet that need. 
 You’ll enjoy with us as a Product Advisor: 
 
 Benefits after 90 Days 
 Base Salary 
 Numerous Bonus’ based on achievement 
 Cohesive team environment 
 Full training provided to help you succeed in your new role 
 Opportunities for advancement at our store or one of our 11 others 
 Full Management support all the way through the process 
 
 Areas you’ll be responsible for: 
 
 Ensuring vehicle displays are adequately organized 
 Consulting with customers throughout the sales process (after training is complete) 
 Follow up of any customers who are yet to purchase 
 Handling of sales calls 
 Inbound internet leads 
 
 Qualities we value in our next Product Advisor: 
 
 Exceptional attitude (more important than specific skills) 
 A willingness to go above and beyond for your clients 
 Ability to be coached 
 Strong verbal and written communication skills 
 Basic Excel and Computer literacy 
 Ability to operate with tact and empathy as well as ethically 
 OMVIC certification is required prior to starting 
 Prior experience 
 
 Previous roles we like to see: 
 
 Futureshop/Best Buy experience 
 Cold calling or door to door sales experience where perseverance is key to success 
 Customer service/sales functions where you’re not afraid to ask for the business! 
 Experience selling cars 
 
 Please apply with cover letter  , tell us why you think you’d be a great fit for us! All applications are held strictly confidential. 
 Preference will be given to those who demonstrate why they’re the perfect fit for our exceptional, award winning team! 
 Reference ID: koh-261020 
 Job Types: Full-time, Commission 
 Salary: $56,504.00-$105,717.00 per year 
 Additional pay: 
 
 Bonus pay 
 Commission pay 
 
 Benefits: 
 
 Company events 
 Dental care 
 Disability insurance 
 Employee assistance program 
 Extended health care 
 Life insurance 
 On-site parking 
 Paid time off 
 Store discount 
 Vision care 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 
 COVID-19 considerations: 
We have regular sanitizing happening on all touch points in the store, social distancing shields up at every desk, a sanitize station at the entrance as well as complimentary masks to help you stay safe and adhere to the City of Hamilton By-Law. 
 Experience: 
 
 Leasing: 1 year (Preferred) 
 sales: 1 year (Preferred) 
 Customer Service: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 OMVIC (Preferred) 
 Drivers Licence (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
