
 Home 
 Working Abroad 
 Volunteering Abroad 
 
 Volunteer at an Orphanage Abroad 
 An Orphanage Assistant in Ghana 
 Volunteer in Malawi, Africa 
 Volunteer Work with Animals Abroad 
 
 
 Teach English Abroad 
 
 Best Places to Teach English Abroad 
 Teach English in China 
 Teach English in Thailand 
 
 
 Ski Resort Jobs 
 
 Ski Season Work 
 Work to Ski or Ski to Work 
 Snowboard and Ski Instructor Jobs 
 Becoming a Ski Instructor 
 Chalet Host Jobs 
 Best Ski Resort Employment Opportunities 
 Ski Season Employers 
 Ski Work - Argentina, Chile, and Down Under 
 North America Ski Jobs - USA, Canada 
 Ski Season Employment - Europe 
 
 
 Cruise Ship Jobs 
 
 Working Aboard a Cruise Ship 
 Cruise Ship Life 
 Crown Recruitment for Royal Caribbean Cruise Lines 
 Spa and Fitness Jobs on Cruise Ships 
 Harding Brothers - Retail Jobs on Cruise Ships 
 Steiner International - Work on Cruise Ships 
 
 
 Beach Resort Jobs 
 
 European Resort Jobs 
 Europe's Top Clubbing Resorts for Summer Jobs 
 
 
 
 Working Abroad Magazine 
 Work, Travel, and Live Abroad 
 
 Gap Year 
 Jobs Abroad 
 
 Teach English Abroad 
 Australia Jobs 
 Czech Republic 
 Dubai Jobs 
 Greece Jobs 
 India Jobs 
 New Zealand Jobs 
 
 
 Sports Jobs 
 
 Ski Jobs 
 Sailing Instructor 
 SCUBA Jobs 
 Surfing Jobs 
 
 
 Volunteer Abroad 
 
 Animals 
 Relief Work 
 
 
 Summer Jobs 
 Job Search 
 Work Permits 
 Study Abroad 
 
 You are here:  Home  /  Cruise Ship Jobs  / Jobs at Sea - Harding Brothers Puts People on Cruise Ships 
 Jobs at Sea - Harding Brothers Puts People on Cruise Ships 
 At WORKING ABROAD MAGAZINE we like to bring you the facts from the people who have done the job, so we spoke to Matthew and Isabel to find out about their experiences working on cruise ships through  Harding Brothers … 
 "I had been backpacking for a year and was back at home and bored," says Matthew Everson. "I still had the travel bug, though, and thought  working on a cruise ship  would be the best way of seeing the world and getting paid for it!" 
 Work in a Cruise Ship Retail Shop 
 That was two years ago and Matthew is now on his fifth ship, including spells on the Queen Mary 2 (transatlantic) and QE2 (world cruise)' I went to P&O's Arcadia as emergency cover for someone who had to transfer to another ship. I was only supposed to be there for three months but I was promoted to Assistant manager and ended up staying for a full six months!' 
 Matthew had worked part time at Tesco while he was at university and also had experience as a restaurant assistant manager and selling nuts, bolts and power tools at an engineering firm. Now he's a shop manager responsible for selling fashion on one of the world's most luxurious cruise ships, the Silver Shadow, and has had experience with most areas that Harding Brothers covers, including Casual and Formal Clothing, Fine jewelery and Costume Jewelery, Perfume and Cosmetics. 
 He describes a typical day: "On the Silver Shadow our opening times are a little different to the larger ships; we open at 9am until 12 noon then close until 2.30pm. This give's us an opportunity to have a break, re-stock the shop or have a sleep. We reopen at 2.30pm until 8pm, and then again from 9.30pm until midnight. I typically will leave the office at about 1am after all the paperwork has been sent to the office. On a port day we open about 1/2 an hour after we sail, because we are not allowed to open in port. This typically means we are off duty and go ashore, unless you have other duties to do or are IPM (you take it in turns to stay onboard for safety reasons)." 
 Since working for the company Matthew has been to over 65 countries including Australia, China, Columbia, Japan, Papua New Guinea, Tonga, India, Vietnam, Singapore, New Zealand, plus most of the Caribbean, Russia and Mediterranean. (WOW!) 
 "Harding Brothers are very flexible and let you decide where you would like to go after you have completed your first contract with them," he says. "There is a fantastic variety in cruise ships and itinerary. Shore side management is always very supportive if you have problems on board a ship and even when you are on leave." 
 WAM: So what would he say to other graduates considering applying for a position with the company? 
 "If you enjoy travel, hard work, adapt very quickly and you can get along with people for long periods of time, then working on cruise ships is a great way to see the world, meet new people and experience things you would never normally get the opportunity to do, from helicopter flying to husky racing, from sky diving to Great White shark diving!" 
 We also talked to Matthews colleague Isabel who always wanted to see the world. When she discovered the world of onboard retailing she contacted Harding Brothers - and so started her new career in 2005. She is currently Boutique Manager onboard the Silver Whisper now in the Mediterranean after wintering in Asia, Australia and New Zealand. 
 Isabel joined Harding Brothers after working at Disney's Epcot park in Orlando, Florida. 
 WAM: What do you like about your new life? 
 "Everyday is different, nothing is ever boring," she says. "Everyday is a new adventure, someone new to meet, a new city to discover, so many exotic ports to explore. The view from our window changes every single day, there is no time to be bored onboard!" 
 Having visited every single Continent, Isabel just can't wait for the next port of call. 
 "I usually go on a tour in the morning, which always takes us somewhere interesting; then I come back to the ship, collect some friends and go out for lunch. I love to try the local food, then maybe have a coffee or a drink somewhere in the port. After that it's time to go back to the ship and get ready for work!" 
 Her shops open before dinner and then again afterwards until midnight. "The shop is always busy, busy, so the time flies by. After that a drink or two in the crew bar is always a must, and then tomorrow we'll start all over again." 
 For any graduate considering their career options, Isabel highly recommends working for Harding Brothers. "It's a great experience on every level, professional and personal," she says. "It's a chance to grow, make many friends all over the world and learn a lot! The experience that you will have onboard - no other place can give to you." 
 Interested in Harding Brothers? Email Harold Gittelmon,  [email protected]  or call 0117 982 5961. 
 Filed Under:  Cruise Ship Jobs  Tagged With:  cruise ship jobs ,  harding brothers 
 Recent Post 
 
 Best Summer Jobs Abroad 
 I don't know about you, but here on the East Coast spring is in full swing, and …  [Read More...] 
 
 Organization Spotlight: Awesome Work & Travel 
 5 Reasons to Work Abroad this Summer 
 Kite Surfing Anyone? 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 - Working Abroad Magazine - All rights reserved -  Privacy Policy   -  Cookie Policy  
