Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Unit Coordination Assistant - Birthing Suites 
 Trillium Health Partners 
 __Mississauga, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description: 
 Position:  Unit Coordination Assistant- Part Time 
 File Number:  2020-19028 
 Status:  Part Time 
 Department:  Birthing Suites 
 Site:  Credit Valley Hospital 
 Posted:  November 19, 2020 
 Internal Deadline:  November 26, 2020 
 The (Inpatient) Unit Coordination Assistant (UCA) provides clerical support for patient adminstrative services; information management; unit reception; ensures the clerical administration and operation of the unit; and performs other duties consistent with the job classification as required. 
 JOB DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Patient Administrative Services 
 Liaises with internal departments and external healthcare facilities to book/cancel tests, appointments, internal patient transfer, external patient transport/escort, etc, as required. 
Transcribes and enters physician orders including medication, lab and imaging orders into appropriate system. 
Enters data including appointment requests, menu/diet requests, patient transfer and discharge documentation. 
Notifies appropriate personnel of patient movement, test results, appointments and other patient information in a timely and accurate manner. 
 Information Management 
 Prepares and updates patient charts with lab reports, test results and other pertinent information. Scans and copies chart, pharmacy orders and other information as required. 
Ensures patient charts are sent to Health Records with all accurate and required patient information. 
Updates WHIMS/MDS binders/information sheets as required. 
 Reception 
 Greets visitors and staff, directing them to appropriate personnel and/or destination/room providing assistance as required. 
Greets and admits patients to the unit. May also perform unit patient registration function, confirming/validating patient demographic, insurance (including OHIP) and other required information as appropriate. 
Explains hospital policy and procedures to patients, visitors and staff as necessary (including infection prevention and control). 
Answers the telephone and/or intercom, responding to enquiries within scope of authority, or, directing to most appropriate person. 
Takes, prioritizes and relays messages for unit staff and/or patients. Locates unit staff, pages healthcare professionals as required. 
Open, sort and distribute incoming mail and other materials. 
 Ensures efficient clerical administration and operation of the unit within scope of authority 
 Enters and maintains payroll records (include sick and vacation requests). 
Creates the monthly UCA master schedule. May collaborate with others in the development of the monthly unit’s master schedule (including RN, Allied Health and other professionals). 
Assists with sick replacement and vacation back fill as required. 
Updates department "fan-out" list as required. 
Requisitions and maintains office/medical supplies; counts and labels inventory as required. May be required to stock unit carts and/or supply areas. 
Ensures equipment and furniture are operational. Prepares work order requests for preventative and restorative maintenance/repair as required. 
Contacts environmental services for cleaning of equipment and/or unit as required. 
Processes routine financial transactions including unit supply/inventory purchase and charges for services/items not covered by patient's healthcare plan. 
Reviews and reconciles invoices. 
Compiles statistical data to generate and prepare standardized reports on a monthly basis. 
 Performs cross-functional, and/or, other duties consistent with the job classification, as required. 
 Works in compliance of the Occupational Health & Safety Act and its regulations, reporting hazards, deficiencies and contravention’s of the Act, in a timely manner. 
 QUALIFICATIONS: 
Completion of high school or recognized equivalent is required. 
Completion of a Medical Terminology course is required. 
Effective interpersonal and communication skills combined with good problem solving skills when dealing with patients, visitors, families and other hospital staff. 
Proficient computer and keyboarding skills combined with the knowledge of medical terminology and training in order entry. 
Able to handle multiple tasks simultaneously. 
Ability to handle frequent interruptions. 
Positive work and attendance performance essential. 
 Internal Candidates who believe they possess the necessary qualifications and experience for this position and who have been in their current position for at least six (6) months are encouraged to apply. 
 To pursue this career opportunity, please visit our website:  www.trilliumhealthpartners.ca 
 Trillium Health Partners is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering a healthy and positive work environment. 
 In accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005 and the Ontario Human Rights Code Trillium Health Partners will provide accommodations throughout the recruitment and selection process to applicants with disabilities. If selected to participate in the recruitment and selection process, please inform Human Resources of the nature of any accommodation(s) that you may require in respect of any materials or processes used to ensure your equal participation. 
 All personal information is collected under the authority of the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act. 
 Trillium Health Partners is identified under the French Language Services Act. 
 We thank all those who apply but only those selected for further consideration will be contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
