Play Eat Sleep Repeat 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 ABOUT ME 
 
   
 Tag Archives: career break 
 September 14, 2011 * 12:29 pm 
 Mojolocity: Meet, Plan, Go! 
 Over the years, the inspiration and motivation for many of my month-long to year-long travel adventures have come to me in quiet Ah ha! moments. I'll be out on a long bike ride, just pedaling blissfully along, or at home mindlessly chopping veggies for dinner and hear something on the radio, and then the next thing I know this idea starts floating through my head. Suddenly, it hits me: "Holy smokes! That's it! That's what I need to do. That's where I need to go. 
 Now, how can I make this happen?" 
 When it comes to travel dreams, execution isn't my stumbling block. Money, on the other hand, now there's the thing that has stymied me a time or two. 
 But I have rarely let tight funds keeping me from going where I really need to go. It's in my genes, I think, to keep moving. I call it mojolocity—a mashup of words that describe my curiosity and the speed of which I often move on dreams: high velocity. I don't know if I inherited this from my restless Viking relatives or from the so-called Black Irish on my mom's side (seeing as many of them fell off a Spanish armada and mated with Irish peasant women, so surely they had wandering eyes and travel drive). I'll admit, I don't like itineraries much. I am more of a wing it girl, stick the pin in the map and point my imagination toward it. Things always seem to unfold exactly as they do. I'm never disappointed. 
 Some people need itineraries and operating instructions, especially people who have been stuck in cubical farms for too long. If this sounds like you, someone who has no problem imagining your next adventure but gets all hung up on the details, you won't want to miss the upcoming meet-up in your city (or a nearby one) for workerbees trying to fly the hive. It's called "Meet, Plan, Go! Presents" A Nationwide Event to Help People Realize Their Travel Dreams. 
 The organizers of Meet, Plan, Go! offer travel advice and coaching for people planning a career break or sabbatical. They believe that when someone is venturing on such a life changing adventure, it's important that they have a support community to connect with. Co-founder Sherry Ott explains the group's mission this way: "Because we live in a society that doesn't find value in taking time off, we wanted to create a community for people who do want to break out of the norm and travel for an extended period of time." The details: 
 **" Meet, Plan, Go! Presents" A Nationwide Event to Help People Realize Their Travel Dreams. ** 
 Beginning October 18, 2011, Meet, Plan, Go! will be hosting their second annual nationwide event in 17 cities to inspire people to fulfill their career break and long-term travel dreams. The event will offer participants the opportunity to MEET inspirational speakers and like-minded travelers; get motivation, contacts and resources necessary to PLAN the trip of a lifetime; and start taking concrete steps forward to GO on that global adventure. 
 Casual local meetups are also being held in the time leading up to the October event. "It's about creating a peer group of people with the same dream. Whether it's a career break, running a marathon, or earning an advanced degree; we all need people to keep us accountable, energized, and focused on our goals," added Ott. 
 Every event will feature individuals who have either fulfilled their own world travel dreams or are currently in the planning stages. In addition to offering tools and resources for planning a career break, they will also address the main concerns that prevent people from taking a career break, usually centered around financial, career-related, societal, and safety concerns. 
 Over 2,400 people registered for last year's inaugural event - 23% of which were in a trip planning stage pre-event. In a post-event survey, that number rose to 41%. "We want career breaks to be more acceptable in America," says co-founder Michaela Potter. "In fact, we would love to see a career break on every resume. And with the support of our 17 inspiring hosts, their panelists, and our sponsors, including Intrepid Travel, we are making great inroads to achieving that goal." 
 This year's Meet, Plan, Go! locations include 10 returning cities and seven new ones: Austin, Boston, Chicago, Denver, Honolulu, Las Vegas, Los Angeles, Minneapolis, New Orleans, New York City, Orlando, Portland, San Francisco, Seattle, St. Louis, Washington DC and Toronto, Canada. 
 Registration for the nationwide event is now open. For more information, visit  meetplango.com . 
 1 Comment 
 Filed under  EVENTS 
 Tagged as  career break ,  Go! Portland ,  Honolulu ,  Meet ,  meet-ups ,  Minneapolis ,  New York City ,  Plan ,  planning ,  Seattle ,  St. Louis ,  Travel ,  travel advice ,  travel dreams ,  trip planning 
 
 
 SEARCH 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Flickr Photos 
 
 
 
  More Photos  
 
 
 RECENT POSTS 
 
 The Maui Trick: Island-Style Adventure 
 Whistler Sabbatical Project 
 The Subject is: Restaurants and a Monty Python Acid Trip 
 Things You Should Know About Volunteer Vacations 
 A Week in Paris for under $1,200 Including Airfare And 5 Nights Stay 
 Brews N’ Views at Salty’s on the Columbia 
 Polartec Challenge Grants Available for 2012 Expeditions 
 Travel Dreams: Seize the Day (Snag a Funding Grant) 
 Adventures in Beerlandia: British Pubs, Oktoberfest and Northwest Beer Festivals 
 Celebration of Beer Weekend 
 Oregon Brew Fest 
 Where to Sleep On Maui 
 
 
 
 CATEGORIES 
 
 
 CATEGORIES Select Category ACTIVITIES/PLAY    Spark of the Week EAT/DRINK EVENTS HOT DEALS SLEEP Uncategorized 
 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 19 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 
 
 ARCHIVES 
 
 
 ARCHIVES Select Month January 2012  November 2011  October 2011  September 2011 
 
 
 Pages 
 
 ABOUT ME 
 
 
 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
 The Maui Trick: Island-Style Adventure 
 Whistler Sabbatical Project 
 The Subject is: Restaurants and a Monty Python Acid Trip 
 Things You Should Know About Volunteer Vacations 
 A Week in Paris for under $1,200 Including Airfare And 5 Nights Stay 
 Brews N’ Views at Salty’s on the Columbia 
 Polartec Challenge Grants Available for 2012 Expeditions 
 Travel Dreams: Seize the Day (Snag a Funding Grant) 
 Adventures in Beerlandia: British Pubs, Oktoberfest and Northwest Beer Festivals 
 Celebration of Beer Weekend 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 2012 Expeditions   adventure travel   Basilica   Beer   Big Beach   Biosphere Expeditions   Brew fest   Britain   career break   Celebration of Beer Weekend   City of Light   condo   craft beer   cycling   eco-adventure   Eifel Tower   England   ethical volunteerism   event   farm-stays   France   Funding Grant   Go! Portland   hiking   Honolulu   Hotel Congress   Ka'anapali Beach   Kaanapali Ali   Kihei   Makena Surf   Maui   Mauian   mauihawaii   Maui Kayak   Meet   meet-ups   Minneapolis   Munich   Napili   Napili Kai   New York City   Oktoberfest   Oneloa   Oneloa Beach   Oregon Brew Festival   outdoor adventures   Paipu   Paipu Beach   Paris   Pinot   Pinot noir   Plan   planning   Polartec   Polartec Challenge Grants   rentals   Rochester Hotel Champs Elysees   Sacre Coeur   Seattle   Skamania Lodge   St. Louis   suite   tasting   The Polartec® Challenge Grant   Travel   travel advice   travel dreams   traveling   trip planning   volunteering   volunteer vacations   wine   winemakers   wineries   ziplining 
 
 
 
 
 
 ACTIVITIES/PLAY   EAT/DRINK   EVENTS   HOT DEALS   SLEEP   Spark of the Week   Uncategorized 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Discuss 
 Get Inspired 
 Get Polling 
 Get Support 
 Learn WordPress.com 
 Theme Showcase 
 WordPress Planet 
 WordPress.com News 
 
 
 
 
 
 Pages 
 
 
 
 
 ABOUT ME 
 
 
 Play Eat Sleep Repeat  * Things to do; places to eat and sleep; and inspiration to do it again! 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
