  
 
 Jobs 
 Features 
 Newsletter 
 Login 
 
 Talent  Startup 
 I am a 
 Jobseeker Talent 
 or a 
 Hiring Startup 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign up using linkedin   __ 
 Hello 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign in using linkedin   __ 
 Employers  __ 
 Employers  __ 
 __filters __search 
 Filter by category 
 All Jobs Developer Jobs Marketing Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Manager Jobs Customer Support Jobs Sales Jobs Data and Product Jobs Internships Co-Founder Roles Designer Jobs People and Other Jobs 
 Filter by type 
 full-time part-time freelance 
 Advanced Search 
 search jobs __ 
 Senior Customer Success Associate 
 at Feebris 
 go back to Customer Support Jobs 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 
 apply 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 
 
 About Feebris 
 We believe that no one should die or suffer from treatable conditions. Our mission is to bring AI-powered diagnosis and accelerated treatment access to every household around the globe. 
 Our AI-powered platform enables health and social care providers to conduct high quality check-ups in their communities, triage health issues proactively, and escalate concerns to clinicians. We're expanding within multiple markets including within care homes in the UK where, with a chronic shortage of clinical professionals and hospital infrastructure, the NHS is struggling more than ever to live up to its promise of universal healthcare. As well as the UK, in India we're working to battle endemic waves of respiratory disease and pneumonia by partnering with NGOs and ensuring young children in urban slums get access to life saving healthcare, through the Feebris solution. 
 We've won awards for our disruptive technology ( TechForce19 ,  UKBAA ,  Children's Prize ), and our founder, Elina, is an  internationally renowned speaker on AI in healthcare . 
 We are a small, growing team, driving to bring innovation to healthcare relishing being part of something that is bigger than each of us. You would be joining us at an incredibly exciting time, with the opportunity to shape the company and culture as we grow. 
 The Role: 
 We are looking for a Senior Associate to join our Customer Success team. This role will be pivotal in ensuring our customers realise their goals by supporting Feebris users (carers, health workers, GPs and other primary care professionals) to have the best, most seamless experience with our product. As well as day to day interactions with users you will identify and implement new ways to maximise user adoption, contribute learnings towards the team and product strategy, and support impact assessment activities. 
 The best candidate for this role will have a proactive problem-solving approach to their work, be diligent at ensuring users and customer needs are met and learnings shared throughout the organisation. 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Ensuring the Feebris solution is dispatched, deployed and all relevant parties are onboarded onto the Feebris platform. 
 Training users on effective use of the Feebris solution, and ensuring they are setup on sustainable ongoing usage plans. 
 Proactively identify and resolve issues as they arise to maintain maximum user satisfaction and adoption. 
 Synthesize customer and user feedback into inputs for improvement of customer success activities and product features. 
 Execute against user adoption strategy to maximise uptake of Feebris post deployment. 
 Collect and understand metrics related to user adoption, deployment and impact. 
 Communicate and present user behaviour, learnings and progress to broader Operations, Commercial and Product Team as well as project boards and steering committees. 
 
 Essential 
 
 2-3 years in a customer/ client or user facing role in an innovative, regulated industry. 
 A fascination with understanding behaviours and drivers of users especially those in health and care. 
 Strong stakeholder and project management skills, ability to set goals and timelines, interact with stakeholders of all levels, and manage expectations around delivery. 
 Ability to prioritise competing concerns and time-management to execute response. 
 Desire to "go the extra mile" for users and customer to ensure the best experience and patient benefit. 
 Energised by taking user inputs/ issues and turning them into solutions and insights to inform process requirements and inputs into product team. 
 Self-starter excited to work in a start-up environment of ownership and responsibility. 
 Ability to simplify complex topics to a variety or technical and non-technical users. 
 Excellent communication, both written and verbal. 
 Excellent 'thinking on your feet' problem-solving capabilities, introspection, and retrospection. 
 
 Nice to have 
 
 Experience in a healthcare or life sciences organization. 
 Experience working with health or care workers or in a healthcare capacity. 
 Experience training non-technical users to use technology. 
 Experience live troubleshooting of issues and issue resolution. 
 Ability to present and communicate information in a persuasive and visually appealing way to stakeholders. 
 Experience working in small teams/ start-ups. 
 
 Benefits 
 
 Impactful work - help take healthcare innovation to market. 
 Real responsibility - make a direct, meaningful impact on Feebris' trajectory. 
 Rockstar team - join our small passionate team, with real remit to make a difference. 
 Output-driven work culture - unlimited paid time off, flexible working hours. 
 Regular personal development - quarterly 360 performance reviews, fortnightly founder 1:1s, and personal development coaching. 
 Competitive Compensation - great package with progression potential. 
 
 If you 're looking for challenging and impactful work on the cutting edge of health tech, then we would love to hear from you! 
 Interview Process 
 
 Phone Interview with Customer Operations Lead and Founder (45 mins) 
 Case study exercise (takeaway exercise + discussion in final interview) 
 Face-to-face Final Interviews (2.5 hrs, 1x Skills & 1x Fit) 
 
 Published at 27 Nov 2020 - Expires on 27 Jan 2021 
 You need to be logged in to apply.   Login  or  create an account . 
 Is this job ad fake? Report it! 
 ×  Warning! 
 __get the latest startup jobs emailed to you 
 Developer Jobs Designer Jobs Internships Marketing Jobs Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Co-Founder Roles Data and Product Jobs People and Other Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Customer Support Jobs 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;  
 and 
  Privacy Policy  
 and Cookie Use. 
 New Jobs Alert created! 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;   
 and 
  Privacy Policy   
 and Cookie Use. 
 
 
 * [Terms of Service](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/terms)
 
 
 Privacy 
 Cookie Policy 
 Acceptable Use Policy 
 Still Hiring 
 
 
 
 * [About Us](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/about)
 
 
 FAQ 
 Cities 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 * [__Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/workinstartups/)
 
 
 __Twitter 
 __Instagram 
 Blog 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Work In Startups 
 This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  Read more  Close 
