Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Treasury Analyst 
 Graham Construction 
 __Calgary, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Graham is a growing, dynamic and innovative construction solutions provider with history of success dating back to 1926. As an employee-owned company, you’ll be able to capitalize on our collective success by becoming an owner yourself. You’ll also be able to take advantage of professional development, learning and growth opportunities, while working on exciting, leading-edge projects. 
 We rank among Canada’s largest construction companies, are a Platinum Member of Canada’s 50 Best Managed Companies and are seeking top tier talent to further strengthen our capabilities. We provide a collaborative and caring culture and the necessary tools and support for you to succeed, both personally and professionally. If you’re eager to work on innovative projects, be part of a great team and become an employee-owner, Graham is the place for you. 
 Our career opportunities extend well beyond construction and engineering. We also offer exciting career growth and development in areas such as: accounting; administration; asset management; business development; communications; estimating; finance; health, safety, environment and quality; human resources; information systems/technology; investments; legal and risk management; purchasing; and SAP. As a member of one of these groups, you will play an essential role in supporting the successful execution of our projects and overall business operations by advising and applying your expertise to various improvement initiatives within your functional area. 
 Reporting to the Treasury Manager, the Treasury Analyst is responsible primarily for Treasury Banking activities. 
 As a Treasury Analyst at Graham you will: 
Prepare short and long-term cash forecasts and daily cash position 
Maintain relationships with primary lenders 
Coordinate bank service functionality, configuration, and accounts documents 
Prepare and coordinate documents for Letters of Credit issuances 
Reconcile cash and cash related GL’s; complete Bank Recs 
Develop and document end-to-end policies and processes 
Prepare confirmations and settlements of various Treasury transactions 
Work closely and build relationships throughout the organization 
Assist with year-end audits, collaborate and cross-train with other team members 
Assist with ad hoc projects and requests as required 
Assist with identifying and developing continuous business improvement opportunities 
 To be Successful at Graham, you will have the following qualifications and experience: 
 Applicable university degree 
Previous Treasury or Banking experience considered an asset 
Knowledge of institutional financial services industry, practices and regulations 
Experience with SAP considered an asset 
Advanced Excel skills 
Motivated self-starter with excellent written and verbal communication skills 
Strong attention to detail, ability to maintain high level of accuracy and ability to multi-task under pressure is required 
Deadline orientated with strong organizational skills 
Ability to work independently, work with others and contribute to a team environment 
 Compensation and Benefits: 
Competitive salary with annual bonus potential 
Comprehensive benefits package including dental, optical and medical and company matched pension plan. 
Ownership and long term equity opportunities 
 What we can offer you: 
Strong commitment to safety in the workplace 
Grounded and family-oriented workplace in a progressive environment that is at the forefront of a fast evolving business sector 
Commitment to the training and wealth of opportunities for career development across job categories, project types and locations around North America 
 Graham is an Equal Opportunity Employer, and employment selection decisions are based on merit, qualifications, and abilities. Graham does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices on the basis of race, color, religion, gender, national origin, age, sexual orientation, gender identity, disability, veteran status or any other characteristic protected by country, regional or local law. 
 We're Building careers, not filling jobs. 
 View available job opportunities and submit your application online at www.graham.ca/careers. 
Applications will only be accepted as online submissions through the Graham website. 
Please, no unsolicited resumes or phone inquiries from agencies, thank you. 
 Graham Management Services LP 
10840 27th Street SE 
Calgary, AB T2Z 3R6 
 Fax:  403.570.5190 
 Powered by JazzHR 
 UriEI8Bddi 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
