Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 ASSISTANT PROFESSOR 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 The Lynton R. Wilson Institute for Canadian History at McMaster University in conjunction with the Department of History and Faculty of Humanities is looking to fill two L.R. Wilson Assistant Professorships in Canadian History. 
 The Wilson Institute has as its mission the rethinking of Canadian History within a transnational framework. This perspective involves studying the ways in which Canadians have contributed to and been influenced by transnational phenomena such as international migration, Diaspora politics, religious movements, changing conceptions of human rights, postcolonialism, wars, solidarity, and global finance and trade, to take just a few examples. 
 The Wilson Assistant Professorship will be awarded to a new scholar who shows early promise as an excellent university teacher and researcher. Wilson Fellows are required to attend all Wilson public functions and, during the course of their two-year term, organize at least one workshop on a topic to be negotiated with the Institute and forming the basis of a contribution to the Wilson Institute book series. Teaching responsibilities will be negotiated but will likely include involvement in the Wilson Institute’s undergraduate history course, “Making History,” which challenges students to participate actively in a central debate in Canadian history. 
 The successful applicant will be awarded a two year, contractually limited appointment to the Department of History beginning on 1 July 2017, and receive a minimum salary of $71,706 plus benefits. The salary in year two of the appointment will be a minimum of $74,707. The two-year appointment is not renewable. The applicant will receive a $5000.00 research and professional development allowance, and be eligible to apply for additional travel, research or publication funds from the Wilson Institute. Applicants must have received their PhD after 1 January 2014 or be scheduled to receive their PhD by 1 June 2017. Completed applications must include a covering letter, a CV, and two (2) letters of reference, including one from the dissertation advisor and some indication of the relationship of the candidate’s research to the mission of the Institute. Although applicants need not have any teaching experience, some evidence of teaching potential would be helpful. 
 Electronic applications and letters of reference will be accepted. All complete applications received before 30 April 2017 will be assured of consideration. Please send an additional electronic copy to wilsonch@mcmaster.ca 
 All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and Permanent Residents will be given priority.McMaster University is strongly committed to employment equity within its community and to recruiting a diverse faculty and staff. The University encourages applications from all qualified candidates including women, persons with disabilities, First Nations, Métis and Inuit persons, members of racialized communities and LGBTQ-identified persons. If you require any form of accommodation throughout the recruitment and selection procedure, please contact the Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247). 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
