
 Home 
 About 
 e-VentExe Website 
 Services 
 
  The Human Balance  
 insightful, innovative, inspiring 
 Search Search 
 
  LinkedIn  
 
 
 Home  »  Uncategorized  » Job Hopping: Written from the Perspective of a Millennia 
 Job Hopping: Written from the Perspective of a Millennia 
 Search Search 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Vistage Event Invitation - Executive Expresso 
 Video Message: Welcome to Vistage! 
 Passionate Leaders - Change the World? 
 10 Reasons To Join A CEO Peer Group 
 10 Reasons To Join A CEO Peer Group 
 
 Archives 
 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 November 2016 
 September 2016 
 June 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 November 2012 
 
 Categories 
 
 Employee Morale 
 Uncategorized 
 
 
 In the 50s to late 60s, most people never considered switching jobs—they enjoyed the stability and security of a steady income. Moving from job to job was certainly uncommon. Now, with the rise of the Millennials entering the workforce, job hopping is as frequent as ever and can be seen as the new “norm” according to Jeanne Meister, writer at Forbes. The main issue to address is how do companies  keep  these employees for more than a year? 
 When it comes to the Baby Boomer generation, we tend to think of the “American Dream;” a white picket fence in the suburbs, the housewife taking care of her daughter and son, the father driving a respectable automobile and providing for his family with a reputable career. Stability was essential. Stability means having a steady career and continuing to work at the same company with the potential of maintaining the same position. Back then, this was norm. Mostly everything was family oriented and providing for the family was a top priority. 
 Now with Millennials entering the workforce, the notion of stability is no longer present. Millennials contribute fresh eyes and perspectives to existing problems and issues. They are in tuned with current marketing trends, and may be more beneficial than their counter-parts, the Baby Boomers—who may be unable to work longer hours or follow through with physical work demands. In this day and age, media influences practically everything; something that is familiar for Millennials. For many Millennials, especially the fresh graduates, providing for a family in their lives today is not on their radar screen, allowing them to solely dedicate their lives to their profession. With that said, why wouldn’t you want to hire a Millennial? 
 This newer generation values flexibility, self fulfilling happiness, and having their ideas heard—a deadly combination for job hopping. In order to keep up with this new phenomenon, executive leaders and HR departments should re-engineer their recruitment strategies. After all, no one wants to lose a superstar employee with great ideas and innovation. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Email 
 LinkedIn 
 More 
 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Tags:   Baby Boomers ,  career ,  career changes ,  Gen Y ,  generational differences ,  generations ,  HR ,  HR department ,  human resources ,  instability ,  job ,  job hopper ,  job hopping ,  leaders ,  Millennial ,  recruit ,  stability 
 By  Amelya Stevenson  in  Uncategorized  on  July 25, 2013 . 
 <- Small Business Owners: Tools to Sharpen your Competitive Edge   Unspoken Communication: Silence versus Words -> 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Latest Posts 
 
 
 Vistage Event Invitation - Executive Expresso 
 
 
   
 
 
 Video Message: Welcome to Vistage! 
 Executive peer groups are an excellent resource for business leaders who want to improve their enterprises. Peer groups such as the one run by Vistage… 
 
   
 
 Passionate Leaders - Change the World? 
 ‘Passion’ and ‘passionate’ are interesting words. Initial consideration of these words may conjure up thoughts of a love interest (head-over-heels kind of love) or an… 
 
 
 10 Reasons To Join A CEO Peer Group 
 
 
 Henry DeVries , CONTRIBUTOR I teach the science of attracting high-paying clients. Opinions expressed by Forbes Contributors are their own. Growing your business is never… 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
