  
 Menu Bar 
 
 __ 
 
 Go 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Job Search 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 New Graduates 
 Job Sites & Resources 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 
 
 Networking 
 
 Networking Tips 
 Networking Etiquette 
 Networking Events 
 Social Media & Online Networking 
 Elevator Speech 
 Informational Interviews 
 Networking Mistakes 
 FAQ About Networking 
 
 
 
 Cover Letter 
 
 Cover Letter Tips 
 Cover Letter Format 
 Cover Letter Samples 
 Cover Letter Mistakes 
 FAQ About Cover Letter Writing 
 
 
 
 Resume 
 
 Resume Tips 
 Resume Format 
 Resume Template 
 Resume Samples 
 Customizing Your Resume 
 Resume Formatting 
 Ideas & Alternatives 
 Resume Mistakes 
 Resume Writers 
 FAQ About Resume Writing 
 
 
 
 Interview 
 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Questions 
 Interview Skills 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Mistakes 
 Follow Up Interview Email 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Career Advancement 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 Continuing Education 
 Productivity 
 Work Relationships 
 Work Environment 
 Work Life Balance 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 
 Go 
 
  Home   
  Job Search   
 Job Search Tips: Find a Job Faster 
 
 Job Search Tips: Find a Job Faster 
 
 Must Read! 
 Where to Look for Jobs? 
 The Online Job Search Game 
 Stay-at-Home Moms & Dads 
 Mature Workers 
 
 It used to be that years ago, young adults would start at a company right out of high school and would spend their entire career at the same place. Nowadays, with so much economic uncertainty, a changing technological landscape and an ever-shifting corporate structure, people just don’t stay in one position for years and years. 
 Job Search Tips: A Quick Overview to Get You Started in the Right Direction 
 Whether you’ve been out of a job for awhile or are simply seeking better opportunities, here are some job search tips to set you on the right path. Beyond the usual tips, and if you were to just remember one thing, try to be positive and motivated. Your job search may be quick or it may drag on for months. Looking for work can be difficult, but if you are not mentally ready and if you don't project a positive image, it will be very difficult for you to find a job. Be ready, committed, and hopeful. 
 1) Perhaps the Most Important Job Search Tip: Consider Finding a Job Your Primary Purpose 
 This means that searching for a job becomes a priority. Don’t let procrastination or wishful thinking hold you back. Make a plan on how you’re going to spend your time and keep good records of the positions that you’ve applied to. Stay positive and stick with the search for the long haul. 
 2) Look for Work at the Right Places 
 Search for jobs that can open doors for you. Be selective. You want to target fields and companies that are growing. If you’re in a field that is in decline, such as desktop publishing, you may wish to see how your skills can translate to fields that are growing instead, such as graphical design. 
 When you find companies that are growing, don’t just look at which positions they have open. Contact their Human Resources department and ask what positions they anticipate opening. Many HR recruiters are happy to share what they anticipate their needs will be and will talk with you to see if you might be a good fit. Always ask if you can send in a resume for them to keep on file. Most companies keep a database of prospective applicants and review these first when a position opens up. 
 3) Network and When You’re Done, Network Some More 
 Networking  is how most jobs are found. You want to create a great online professional presence. At a minimum, have a professional profile on  LinkedIn  that emphasizes your career history, education and experience. Create a web page that highlights your qualifications, write articles, or join business-related forums in your field or industry. 
 Don’t forget that companies will check you out on social media sites, so clean up your online presence. Google yourself and see what comes out. 
 Network through face to face contact as well. Join local groups, attend business luncheons or get involved with the Chamber of Commerce. Get yourself out there. 
 4) Spend Quality Time With Your Resume 
 As the old saying goes, you will never get a second chance to make a good first impression. Your  resume  is your first impression. Do not just copy, paste, and update a generic template off the Internet. Make sure your resume is unique and reflects what you have to offer. 
 Make your resume flexible. When it comes to job applications and resumes, one size does not fit all. One tip is to create one very detailed resume with complete job history, experience, successes and education for your own file. Then, as you apply for a job, tailor your job history and experience to the position to which you’re applying. 
 5) Use Your Cover Letter to Your Advantage 
 Don’t neglect your  cover letter . It is your opportunity to create a connection with the reader and show your interest for the position. Personalize your cover letter for each and every position you apply to. 
 6) Be Ready for the Job Interview 
 How to prepare for a job interview? Actually, if you were diligent in writing your resume and cover letter, you've already done half of the work. The other half is about researching the company, having a few questions ready and having a game plan. Yes, a game plan. Most job seekers will enter the job interview and just think "How can I answer the questions the best I can?" Yes, that's important, but what if you had a better plan, like knowing what the 3 key attributes for the position are and being prepared to discuss how you meet these 3 attributes? How about visualizing the day of the interview and having a few topics ready, in case you need to do small talk? More tips in our  interview  section. 
 7) References 
 Have 3 to 5  references  on hand and always talk to them first to make sure they are OK with giving you a great reference. It’s surprising, but there have been instances where HR contacted references who were either not able to provide a reference for various reasons, or provided a bad reference. 
 More Job Search Tips 
 If you need more tips about specific aspects of the job search process, WorkBloom has one of the most comprehensive resources online to help you find a job and build a better future. Visit the other centers of WorkBloom for more tips and insights: 
 
 Networking  Center 
 Cover Letter  Center 
 Resume  Center 
 Interview  Center 
 
 Job Search Center 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 Job Sites & Resources by Profession 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 Must Read! 
 
 5 Best Career Change Ideas and Advice in your Midlife  
 Laying the Groundwork for Your Next Job  
 3 Ways to Identify and Showcase Your Skills to Land a Job  
 
 Where to Look for Jobs? 
 
 The Best Job Search Techniques  
 Job Fairs Aren't for Sissies: 10 Tips to Improve Your Chances  
 Job Sites: Find Job Opportunities, Openings, Listings  
 
 The Online Job Search Game 
 
 10 Ways to Optimize Your Personal Website and Jumpstart Your Job Search  
 New Ways to Brag About Yourself While Job Hunting  
 Putting Yourself Out There: Taking Steps to Land a Job  
 
 Stay-at-Home Moms & Dads 
 
 Confidence Builders for Stay at Home Moms  
 Back to Work: Advice for Parents Returning to the Workforce  
 Starting a New Job: Some Insights to Make Your Journey Easier and More Successful  
 Cover Letter and Resume Tips for Stay-at-Home Moms  
 Stay at Home Moms: How to Find a Job Through Networking  
 
 Mature Workers 
 
 5 Great Telecommuting Jobs for Retirees  
 
 Recommended Articles 
 
 Why HR Just Isn't Into You  
 Back to Work: Advice for Parents Returning to the Workforce  
 3 Ways to Identify and Showcase Your Skills to Land a Job  
 Job Fairs Aren't for Sissies: 10 Tips to Improve Your Chances  
 What Happens When an Employer Does a Background Check About You?  
 5 Best Career Change Ideas and Advice in your Midlife  
 Prepare for Your Pre-Employment Assessment  
 
 FAQ 
 
 How to Write Your Resume and Cover Letter if You've Been Absent from the Workforce for a While? 
 How to Showcase Your Accomplishments? 
 How to Choose a Career That Fits Your Personality? 
 What Happens When an Employer Does a Background Check? 
 What Can You Do if You're Lacking Experience? 
 
 Job Search Center 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 Job Sites & Resources by Profession 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 Become a Contributor 
 We are always on the lookout for good writers. If you are a resume writer, career coach or human resources professional and would like to contribute, please  get in touch  and earn your badge! 
 
 WorkBloom's goal is to help you find work and reach your highest aspirations, one step at a time. 
 Featured Resources 
 
 Resume Writing 101  __ 
 Over 300 Resume Samples  __ 
 Cover Letter Writing 101  __ 
 Over 200 Cover Letter Samples  __ 
 The Holland Codes / RIASEC  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Job Search Center  __ 
 Networking Center  __ 
 Cover Letter Center  __ 
 Resume Center  __ 
 Interview Center  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Career Center  __ 
 Students & New Graduates Center  __ 
 Contributors  __ 
 Contact Us  __ 
 
 Copyright © 2006-2020 | All Rights Reserved |  Privacy Policy 
 × 
 Send 
