Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Clinical Research Coordinator I 
 University Health Network 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 University Health Network (UHN) is looking for an experienced professional to fill the key role of Clinical Research Coordinator I in our JDMI Department. 
 Transforming lives and communities through excellence in care, discovery and learning. 
 The University Health Network, where “above all else the needs of patients come first”, encompasses Toronto Rehabilitation Institute, Toronto General Hospital, Toronto Western Hospital, Princess Margaret Cancer Centre and the Michener Institute of Education at UHN. The breadth of research, the complexity of the cases treated, and the magnitude of its educational enterprise has made UHN a national and international resource for patient care, research and education. With a long tradition of groundbreaking firsts and a purpose of “Transforming lives and communities through excellence in care, discovery and learning”, the University Health Network (UHN), Canada’s largest research teaching hospital, brings together over 16,000 employees, more than 1,200 physicians, 8,000+ students, and many volunteers. UHN is a caring, creative place where amazing people are amazing the world. 
 University Health Network (UHN) is a research hospital affiliated with the University of Toronto and a member of the Toronto Academic Health Science Network. The scope of research and complexity of cases at UHN have made it a national and international source for discovery, education and patient care. Research across UHN's five research institutes spans the full spectrum of diseases and disciplines, including cancer, cardiovascular sciences, transplantation, neural and sensory sciences, musculoskeletal health, rehabilitation sciences, and community and population health. Find out about our purpose, values and principles here. 
 The Joint Department of Medical Imaging requires a Clinical Research Coordinator I to work with its clinical research portfolio in accordance with ICH/GCP guidelines, Tri-Council policies, applicable regulations, and hospital and departmental guidelines under the direction of the Research Program Manager. 
 The Clinical Research Coordinator requires previous experience in the coordination and administration of clinical studies. Primary responsibilities will include, but are not limited to, collaborating with PI/MD and multidisciplinary health care team in recruitment of study participants to molecular imaging trials (e.g., identifies and screens potential subjects; obtains informed consent and guides them through the study procedures such as imaging test or biopsy); coordinating patient visits and schedule as per study protocol; executing all aspects of study visit (e.g., documentation of adverse events & treatment administration management; and coordination of required tests/procedures/sample collection) according to approved protocol; planning, reviewing and coordinating all aspects of data collection and source documentation as per UHN policy and ICH/GCP guidelines; reporting any study related abnormalities as per defined parameters; renewing and amending research ethics approval or HC CTA as needed; monitoring and promoting the quality and integrity of data, recording clinical trial data in case report forms (CRF’s), and compilation of ethics and regulatory documents; liaising with sponsors for monitoring/audits; facilitating hosting of regulatory inspections.; 
 In addition to clinical research activities, the Clinical Research Coordinator will also be an active contributor in helping with literature search, editing and submission of research manuscripts and taking part in design and evaluation of study protocols. 
 QUALIFICATIONS: 
 
 Bachelor’s degree in a health or science-related discipline or equivalent 
 Recognized certification in clinical research (ACRP or SOCRA) preferred 
 Minimum three (3) years appropriate clinical and/or professional experience 
 Minimum one (1) year oncology and/cardio-vascular clinical research experience preferred 
 Demonstrated knowledge of applicable research regulations and guidelines such as ICH/GCP and Tri-Council Policy 
 Previous experience with oncology and or/cardio-vascular clinical trials and/or PI initiated trials is preferred 
 Knowledge of Medical Imaging is an asset 
 Veinpuncture certification /experience preferred 
 Knowledge of IATA shipping regulations and basic laboratory procedures an asset 
 Demonstrated attention to detail 
 Exceptional organizational & time management skills 
 Ability to multi-task & perform in a fast-paced environment 
 Well developed leadership skills; self-motivated 
 Ability to work well independently as well as part of a team 
 Strong analytical & problem solving skills 
 Mentor/training experience is an asset 
 Strong verbal and written communication skills 
 Excellent listening, conflict resolution skills 
 Proficiency with Microsoft Office Software (Outlook, Word, Excel, PowerPoint) 
 Client service oriented, with the ability to effectively work with diversity and appreciate that people with different opinions, backgrounds and characteristics bring richness to the challenge or situation at hand 
 
 If you are interested in making your contribution at UHN, please apply on-line. You will be asked to copy and paste as well as attach your resume and covering letter. You will also be required to complete some initial screening questions. 
 POSTED DATE:  November 5, 2020 CLOSING DATE: Until Filled 
 For current UHN employees, only those who have successfully completed their probationary period, have a good employee record along with satisfactory attendance in accordance with UHN's attendance management program, and possess all the required experience and qualifications should apply. 
University Health Network thanks all applicants, however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
UHN is a respectful, caring, and inclusive workplace. We are committed to championing accessibility, diversity and equal opportunity. Requests for accommodation can be made at any stage of the recruitment process providing the applicant has met the Bona-fide requirements for the open position. Applicants need to make their requirements known when contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
