Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Delivery Drivers and Helpers 
 Leon's Furniture 
 __Ottawa West, ON 
 Apply Now 
 LOOKING FOR AN AMAZING CAREER OPPORTUNITY? 
 WITH CANADA’S MOST SUCCESSFUL HOME FURNISHINGS RETAILER, THERE’S NO LIMIT TO WHERE YOU CAN GO! 
 Many of our most successful associates joined Leon’s in entry level positions and with hard work, determination and desire they were able to achieve a level of success beyond their imaginations. These success stories are our greatest achievement. Let our story be your story. Whatever the position, Leon’s can open the door to a bright and exciting future for you. You bring the can-do attitude and we will provide the tools for your success. Join us today! 
 LEON 'S CURRENTLY HIRING FULL-TIME DRIVERS AND HELPERS 
 Leon’s is currently looking for self-motivated Delivery Drivers And Helpers who are enthusiastic, hardworking and driven towards success. The ideal candidates are able to handle heavy merchandise with great care while helping our customers turn their dream homes into reality. 
 Being a delivery driver for Leon’s Furniture means you are often the final connection between the company and our valued customers. Our delivery teams are regarded amongst the best in the industry because of their professionalism, integrity, skilled product handling, and commitment to providing our customers with the ultimate delivery experience. As an integral member of our team, you are responsible for the careful loading and unloading of delivery trucks, providing professional, efficient delivery service in the customer’s home, and working with other departments to ensure a positive overall customer experience. This collaborative approach to our business ensures a helpful, positive environment for all and maintains the overall standard of excellence that has made Leon’s the envy of our competitors for over a century. 
 Our Delivery Drivers: 
 
 Load and unload delivery trucks efficiently 
 Deliver products to customers' homes with care 
 Provide product set up and assembly 
 Represent Leon's with professionalism and courtesy and provide exceptional customer service 
 Comply with Health and Safety policies and procedures 
 
 Why Leon 's? 
 
 Industry leading training program for all our associates 
 Continuous training and development to ensure your success 
 Outstanding earning potential includes monthly bonus for qualified drivers 
 A generous employee discount program 
 Profit sharing 
 Development and career advancement opportunities 
 Comprehensive benefits package that includes health and dental coverage 
 
 What are we looking for? 
 · Your License and Clean Driver’s Abstract (Preference given to applicants with experience 
 driving a 26' delivery truck). 
 · Your ability to manoeuvre heavy merchandise and provide an efficient, safe and comfortable 
 delivery experience for our customers. 
 · Your outstanding communication and interpersonal skills 
 · Your openness, approachability and sincerity 
 · Your integrity and drive to succeed 
 · Your passion for continuous learning and self-development 
 Physical Working Conditions: 
 
 Employee is required to work both indoors and outdoors 
 Requires driving within the city limits and surrounding areas 
 Heavy Lifting and negotiating the safe movement of product on and off the delivery truck, into customers' homes, through doorways and up and down stairs; assembly, set-up and removal of packaging 
 Frequently moving the whole body; standing or walking for periods of time; sitting 
 
 One simple click could change your life. Apply Now. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Commission 
 Salary: Up to $50,000.00 per year 
 Additional pay: 
 
 Bonus pay 
 
 Benefits: 
 
 Dental care 
 Disability insurance 
 Extended health care 
 Life insurance 
 Paid time off 
 Profit sharing 
 Vision care 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
