Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 TEFL Kindergarten English Teacher - China 
 The Miller Companies 
 __Canada 
 Apply Now 
 We are offering candidates the opportunity to teach at Kindergarten schools in Shenyang, China. If you are an TEFL / ESL, English Teacher we would love to speak to you. 
 The Miller Company is an Agent with an exclusive contract to provide TEFL qualified teachers to work in Shenyang, China. Our team in China will provide teachers with a PU letter, which allows non-Chinese residents to enter and work in China despite the current ongoing Covid19 travel restrictions and entry ban. As a TEFL / ESL teacher, this is an opportunity to experience a new culture and way of living in China. 
 Qualification Required 
 Bachelors Degree in any subject 
 TEFL Certificate 
 Please only apply if you are willing to relocate to China before the end of January 2021 
 Benefits: 
 All teaching roles include the following benefits: 
 1. Cost of return flight to China 
2. Accommodation (near place of work) 
3. Visa 
 4. Opportunity to learn Mandarin 
 5. Medical insurance 
 6. Winter and Summer paid holiday 
 Teaching hours: 
 30-35 hours a week 
 Salary: Up to 200,000 RMB per annum (up to approx. $40,000) for 12 month contract. 
 Keywords: TEFL, Teacher, English Teacher, Teach English, English as a Foreign Language, TESOL, Shenyang, Asia, English Language Teacher, EFL 
 Contract length: 12 months 
 35 hours per week Expected start date: 02/12/2020 
 Salary: $40,000.00 per year 
 Expected start date: 02/12/2020 
 Job Types: Full-time, Contract 
 Job Types: Full-time, Contract 
 Salary: Up to $40,000.00 per year 
 Benefits: 
 
 Employee assistance program 
 Extended health care 
 Paid time off 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 Education: 
 
 Bachelor's Degree (Required) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 TEFL (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
