Skip to primary content 
 Skip to secondary content 
 Online Israel Studies Bulletin Board 
 New Publications, Bibliography, Conferences, Jobs, Scholarships, etc. 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Contact 
 Editor 
 Submit a Posting to OISBB! 
 
 Tag Archives: Job Market 
 Jobs and Grants: Application deadlines coming up (January 2017) 
 Posted on  January 4, 2017  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 
 Hebrew lectureship  at Fordham, apply by January 15, 2017. 
 Summer Institute for Israel Studies , Faculty fellowship, apply by January 20, 2017. 
 Yad Hanadiv visiting fellowships  in Jewish Studies, apply by January 31, 2017. 
 
 Posted in  Fellowship ,  Grants ,  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure ,  Post-Doc ,  Travel grant ,  Visiting Professor  |  Tagged  Hebrew ,  Hebrew Language ,  Job Market ,  Job Search ,  Jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 Bulletin: Jobs in Israel Studies 
 Posted on  October 7, 2016  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Current openings: 
 
 Assistant or Associate Professor, Israel Studies,  University of Washington 
 Assistant Professor of Israel Studies,  Binghamton University 
 Full Professor of Israel Studies,  Northwestern University 
 Post-doctoral Fellowship in Israel Studies,  Brandeis University 
 Post-doctoral Fellowship in Israel Studies,  Israel Institute 
 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Tenure-Track ,  Tenured / Chair  |  Tagged  Job Market ,  Jobs ,  University Jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 Job: Visiting Professor or Lecturer in Israel Studies (University of Virginia; apply by Nov 2, 2015) 
 Posted on  October 20, 2015  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 University of Virginia, Jewish Studies Program 
 Visiting Professor or Lecturer in Israel Studies 
 The University of Virginia's interdisciplinary program in Jewish Studies invites applicants for a one-year non-tenure track appointment as Visiting Faculty/Lecturer in Israel Studies, anticipated to begin August 23, 2016. Field of specialization within Israel Studies is open. Applicants who currently have a permanent appointment elsewhere will hold the visiting rank commensurate with rank at home institution. Applicants who do not have a permanent appointment elsewhere will be eligible for the rank of lecturer. Duties include teaching two undergraduate courses per semester, delivering one public lecture, and service to the Jewish Studies Program, College of Arts & Sciences, and University. Review of applications will begin on November 2 and will continue until the position is filled. Applicants must hold a PhD at the time of appointment. 
 To apply, please complete a Candidate Profile online through  Jobs@UVa  (   https://jobs.virginia.edu ), and apply to posting number 0617348. Please electronically attach the following: a current CV, cover letter addressed to Professor Alon Confino, Chair, Israel Studies Search, and name, email and phone information for three professional references. Please also attach a statement of teaching philosophy and a writing sample. 
 Questions regarding this position should be directed to Julie Garmel at  jg4e@virginia.edu . 
 The University will perform background checks on all new hires prior to making a final offer of employment. 
 The University of Virginia is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. Women, minorities, veterans and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply. 
 You can always see the most up-to-date version of the H-net ad at:  https://www.h-net.org/jobs/job_display.php?id=51753 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure ,  Visiting Professor  |  Tagged  Israel Studies ,  Job Market ,  Jobseekers ,  University Jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 New Article: Bronfman et al, Assigning Israeli Medical Graduates to Internships 
 Posted on  September 4, 2015  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Bronfman, Slava, Avinatan Hassidim, Arnon Afek, AssafRomm,Rony Shreberk, Ayal Hassidim, and Anda Massler. "Assigning Israeli Medical Graduates to Internships."  Israel Journal of Health Policy Research  4.1 (2015) 
 URL:   http://dx.doi.org/10.1186/2045-4015-4-6  [ PDF ] 
 Abstract 
 Background  : Physicians in Israel are required to do an internship in an accredited hospital upon completion of the medical studies,and prior to receiving the medical license. For most students, the assignment is determined by a lottery, which takes into consideration the preferences of these students. 
 Objectives  : We propose a novel way to perform this lottery, in which (on average)a larger number of students gets one of their top choices. We report about implementing this method in the 2014 Internship Lottery in Israel. 
 Methods  : The new method is based on calculating a tentative lottery, in which each student has some probability of getting to each hospital. Then a computer program “trades” between the students, where trade is performed only if it is beneficial to both sides. This trade creates surplus, which translates to more students getting one of their top choices. 
 Results  : The average student improved his place by 0.91 seats. 
 Conclusions  : The new method can improve the welfare of medical graduates, by giving them more probability to get to one of their top choices. It can be applied in internship markets in other countries as well. 
 Posted in  Bibliography ,  Journal article  |  Tagged  Internships ,  Israel: Health system ,  Job Market ,  Labor Market ,  Medicine Students ,  Physicians  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Modern Hebrew Instructors, Georgetown University (for Fall 2015) 
 Posted on  April 14, 2015  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 The Program for Jewish Civilization (PJC) and the Division of Eastern Mediterranean Languages (EML) of Georgetown University seek instructors to teach Modern Hebrew language, starting in the fall 2015 term. 
 Applicants should hold an advanced degree (in Hebrew language, literature, or linguistics) and/or have extensive Hebrew language teaching experience. Selected instructors will be asked to work within the parameters of an existing Hebrew language curriculum. 
 To apply, please email a letter of application and current CV  to  upload.Hebrew_.hsa10ahikv@u.box.com . 
 Inquiries can be directed to  202-687-4245  or  cjcinfo@georgetown.edu 
 Georgetown University is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action employer fully dedicated to achieving a diverse faculty and staff. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply and will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, sex, sexual orientation, age, religion, national origin, marital status, veteran status, disability or other categories protected by law. 
 Posted in  Adjuncts/Tutors ,  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure  |  Tagged  Hebrew Language ,  Job Market ,  Job Search ,  Jobs ,  University Jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Three-year, Modern Hebrew Language, Middlebury (apply by May 1, 2015) 
 Posted on  April 14, 2015  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Middlebury College is seeking an instructor for a three-year term position in Modern Hebrew Language, beginning September 2015. The successful candidate will teach courses in intermediate Hebrew and direct students' independent Hebrew studies. Native or near-native fluency in Hebrew and experience in teaching Hebrew at the college level are required. Candidates should provide evidence of commitment to excellent teaching. 
 Middlebury College is a top-tier liberal arts college with a demonstrated commitment to excellence in faculty teaching and research. An Equal Opportunity Employer, the College is committed to hiring a diverse faculty as we work to foster innovation in our curriculum and to provide a rich and varied educational experience to our increasingly diverse student body. EOE/Minorities/Females/Vet/Disability. 
 Review of applications will begin on May 1, 2015  , and continue until the position is filled. Interviews will be conducted via Skype. 
 Middlebury College uses Interfolio to collect all faculty job applications electronically. Email and paper applications will not be accepted.  Through Interfolio, please submit letter of application, curriculum vitae, and three letters of recommendation  , at least two of which speak to teaching ability. More information at:  apply.interfolio.com/29346 . Other questions should be addressed to Tamar Mayer, Modern Hebrew Program Chair ( mayer@middlebury.edu ) *Offers of employment are contingent on completion of a background check. 
 Posted in  Fixed Term ,  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure  |  Tagged  Hebrew Language ,  Job Market ,  Job Search ,  Jobs ,  University Jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Associate Lecturer, The Arab-Israeli Question (Birkbeck College) 
 Posted on  October 8, 2014  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 URL: https://www15.i-grasp.com/fe/tpl_birkbeckcollege01.asp?newms=jj&id=55068&aid=14046 
 Associate Lecturer A: The Arab-Israeli Question 
 Birkbeck College, University of London  - Teaching 
 
 
 
 Location: 
 Bloomsbury 
 
 
 
 
 Salary: 
 £55.65 per hour starting rate inclusive of pro-rata London Allowance and holiday pay 
 
 
 Hours: 
 Part Time 
 
 
 Contract: 
 Contract / Temporary 
 
 
 Placed on: 
 2nd October 2014 
 
 
 --- 
 --- 
 
 
 Closes: 
 12th October 2014 
 
 
 Job Ref: 
 11380 
 
 
 
 Purpose and Main Duties 
 We are currently looking to appoint a fixed-term Associate Lecturer A to teach the following 30 CATS Level 7 (MA) module beginning April 2015: 
 
 Arab-Israeli Question 
 
 This is a taught MA module about the social, political and cultural history of the disputed territory of Palestine and its communally fractured population from the eve of the British Mandate through the creation of the State of Israel to the present (c. 1914-2014). 
 You will deliver teaching to Birkbeck students in order to enable them to complete their studies successfully and undertake all related academic duties and pastoral care. In particular, your main responsibilities will include preparation, teaching, administration and marking essays on this module. 
 The course meets for two hours once a week (timetabled for Wednesday evenings). 20 hours in total beginning Wednesday 22nd April 2015. 
 Candidate Requirements 
 The minimum requirements for selection are as follows: 
 
 A good first degree and good postgraduate degree in History or an equivalent qualification 
 A firm grasp of the history of Palestine, including both Israeli and Palestinian Arab history, and its related historiography 
 A good understanding of the needs of part-time adult learners and the ability to relate to their individual needs and engage their interest and enthusiasm 
 Experience of/or willingness to develop a range of teaching methods 
 Demonstrably effective communication, interpersonal and presentation skills across relevant contexts 
 A working knowledge of IT including word, powerpoint and email, and experience of/or willingness to use (Moodle), a virtual learning environment 
 Ability to work effectively both as part of a team and independently as appropriate 
 
 Please note: Candidates will need to demonstrate competence or significant potential in all areas. 
 In addition it is desirable that candidates have a completed a PhD in a related subject area and have a teaching qualification. 
 Further Information 
 Informal enquiries on the roles can be made to the Course Director for the module, Dr Frederick Anscombe, however please note that only formal applications through the online system will be considered. 
 Remuneration:  Payment is based on an hourly rate dependent upon length of continuous service with the College (starting rate  £55.65 per hour  inclusive of pro-rata London Allowance and holiday pay) for contact hours worked. This hourly rate is based on the starting point of Grade 7 and is inclusive of a Duties Related to Teaching Multiplier which covers preparation, teaching, administration, assessment marking and other examining duties in connection with the course. 
 Closing date for completed applications is midnight on Sunday 12th October 2014. 
 Following shortlisting, interviews will be held, date is to be confirmed. 
 Birkbeck is committed to providing the highest quality academic and working environment where all staff, students, visitors and contractors are employed, welcomed. 
 Posted in  Adjuncts/Tutors ,  Jobs  |  Tagged  Israeli-Arab Conflict ,  Israeli-Palestinian conflict ,  Job Market ,  Job Search ,  Jobs ,  London ,  University Jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Assistant Professor in Modern Middle East and Jewish History, Penn State (Nov 1, 2014) 
 Posted on  September 29, 2014  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 The Pennsylvania State University Department of History and the Jewish Studies Program invite applications for a tenure-track position at the rank of assistant professor in modern Middle East Studies and Jewish History. Research focus and teaching interests are open, but the successful applicant will teach undergraduate courses at all levels in the Israel-Palestine and Arab-Israeli conflicts and in the history of Ottoman and mandate Palestine. Interest in transnational, postcolonial, and other theoretical perspectives is particularly welcome. Ability to contribute to an array of global studies initiatives in the College of the Liberal Arts, focusing on the study of global conflict, cultures, environment, and rights, is a real asset; working with the College’s new Center for Humanities and Information is also possible. The appointment will be held jointly in the Department of History and the Jewish Studies Program, and will begin in August 2015. The successful applicant should be able to enhance the interdisciplinary strengths of both units, demonstrate an active research agenda, and contribute immediately to both graduate and undergraduate teaching. Normal teaching load is 2-2. Dedication to the undergraduate missions of both the History Department and the Jewish Studies Program is essential.  Candidate must have a Ph.D. in hand by the date of appointment. 
 Submit a curriculum vitae, a letter of application that describes current and future research, and up to three articles and/or book chapters  at  https://app2.ohr.psu.edu/Jobs/External/EVMS2_External/currentap1.cfm#53185 . Additionally, please arrange to have  three letters of reference  sent to Sandi Moyer at sjm1@psu.edu.  Application review will begin November 1, 2014  , but dossiers will be accepted until the position is filled. Questions can be directed to Ben Schreier, Interim Director of Jewish Studies, at bjs44@psu.edu. 
 CAMPUS SECURITY CRIME STATISTICS: For more about safety at Penn State, and to review the Annual Security Report which contains information about crime statistics and other safety and security matters, please go to  http://www.police.psu.edu/clery  , which will also provide you with detail on how to request a hard copy of the Annual Security Report. 
 Penn State is an equal opportunity, affirmative action employer, and is committed to providing employment opportunities to minorities, women, veterans, disabled individuals, and other protected groups. 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Tenure-Track  |  Tagged  Job Market ,  Job Search ,  Jobs ,  Penn State ,  Pennsylvania State ,  University Jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Associate or Assistant Professor in Israel Studies, Northwestern University (Nov 14, 2014) 
 Posted on  September 18, 2014  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 URL: http://www.jewish-studies.northwestern.edu/faculty/faculty-search.html 
 The Crown Family Center for Jewish and Israel Studies seeks to make a full-time tenure track appointment at the rank of Associate or Assistant Professor in Israel Studies. Tenured appointees will occupy a Crown Chair in Israel Studies. The field of the search is Israeli Society and Culture. All appointees will be housed in an appropriate disciplinary department. Candidates from anthropology, film, history, literature, political science, religious studies and sociology are encouraged to apply; applicants from other fields who work on Israeli Society or Culture are also welcome to apply. Position starts September 1, 2015. 
 Please send a cover letter, three references, CV, and writing sample no longer than 25 pages via the online application system found below. Review begins November 14th. 
 AA/EOE Northwestern University is an Equal Opportunity, Affirmative Action employer of all protected classes including veterans and individuals with disabilities. Women and minorities are encouraged to apply. Hiring is contingent upon eligibility to work in the United States. 
 2014-2015 Application Instructions 
 Israel Studies Search 
 Please read all instructions and make all preparations before proceeding to application page. 
 
 Applications will only be accepted through the online form. Please make sure all documents are prepared in advance, because partial applications will not be accepted and cannot be saved. 
 All uploaded files should be in Adobe PDF format.  Files in another electronic format (e.g., MS Word) should be saved or "printed to" PDF format before uploading. If you only have a paper version of a particular document, you may scan it and save it as a PDF. However, the first method is preferred, because it retains text recognition capabilities. 
 Three names and email addresses for external referees are required, though you may list up to five names. Within a few business days of our receiving your online application, your references will be emailed instructions for uploading a letter of recommendation. NOTE: If you are using a professional placement or dossier service (e.g., interfolio) to submit any or all recommendations, please use the service's address instead of your referee's address in the appropriate space. 
 Some things to remember when uploading your application documents: 
 
 * The size of the writing sample should be no longer than 25 pages.
* Only one sample needs to be submitted.
 
 
 When your PDF files and list of references are complete, you may proceed to the Online Application. All required fields must be filled in before you click on the "Submit Application" button.  The system will not accept incomplete applications.  Applications that are complete by November 14, 2014, will be ensured full consideration. (References will be allowed to arrive for a few days after the deadline.) You will receive an email confirmation shortly after your application has been received. 
 
 If you have any questions about submitting your application, please contact Nancy Gelman at  jewish-studies[at]northwetern.edu , or 847-491-2612. 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Tenure-Track  |  Tagged  Israel Studies ,  Job Market ,  Job Search ,  Jobs ,  Northwestern University ,  University Jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 Job: Assistant Professor of Israel Studies, Binghamton University (SUNY) 
 Posted on  September 8, 2014  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Assistant Professor of Israel Studies 
 This position is one of three cluster hires in Israel Studies and the successful candidate will be a member of both the Judaic Studies Department and the Institute for Israel Studies. This position is affiliated with the Citizenship, Rights, and Cultural Belonging Transdisciplinary Area of Excellence (see  http://www.binghamton.edu/tae/ ) and two members of the TAE Steering Committee will be part of the search committee. Area of Specialization: Modern Israel (including the Ottoman and Mandate periods). A historical perspective is preferred. Areas of competence: Open but teaching one or more courses about Israeli state and society is expected. Comparative approaches are encouraged. 
 Requirements: A successful candidate will have a strong research program. Teaching experience preferred. Ph.D. in hand by 01 September 2015 is expected. 
 Link to Apply:  http://binghamton.interviewexchange.com/jobofferdetails.jsp?JOBID=52711 
 Required application materials include a cover letter, CV, a research statement, a brief writing sample (no longer than a paper or chapter), a teaching statement that focuses on pedagogy, 2 sample syllabi, and 3 letters of reference. Applicants should submit their materials through Interview Exchange. Applications received by  06 October, 2014  will be guaranteed full consideration, but the search will continue until the position is filled. 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Tenure-Track  |  Tagged  Job Market ,  Job Search ,  Jobs ,  University Jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 Job: Visiting Faculty in Israel Studies, University of Virginia (2015-2016) 
 Posted on  September 8, 2014  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Visiting Faculty in Israel Studies 
 The University of Virginia's interdisciplinary program in Jewish Studies invites applicants for a one-year non-tenure track appointment as Visiting Faculty in Israel Studies, anticipated to begin August 25, 2015. Field of specialization within Israel Studies is open. Rank will be commensurate with rank at home institution. Duties include teaching two undergraduate courses per semester, delivering one public lecture, and service to the Jewish Studies Program, College of Arts & Sciences, and University.  Review of applications will begin on November 1  and will continue until the position is filled. Applicants must hold a PhD and currently be employed at an institution of higher learning with an academic title at the time of appointment. 
 To apply, please complete a Candidate Profile online through Jobs@UVa ( https://jobs.virginia.edu ), and apply to posting number 0614787.  Please electronically attach the following: a current CV, cover letter, and name, email and phone information for three professional references. Please also attach a statement of teaching philosophy and a writing sample. 
 Questions regarding this position should be directed to Gabriel Finder at  gfinder[at]virginia.edu . 
 The University will perform background checks on all new hires prior to making a final offer of employment. 
 The University of Virginia is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. Women, minorities, veterans and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply. 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Visiting Professor  |  Tagged  Job Market ,  Job Search ,  Jobs ,  University Jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Visiting Professor in Israel Studies, U Calgary, 6 months (2014-2015) 
 Posted on  March 24, 2014  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 The Israel Studies Program at the University of Calgary invites applications to fill a Visiting Professor position in Israel Studies, for 6 months during the 2014-2015 Academic Year (either fall 2014 (July to December) or winter 2015 (January through June). 
 Applicants from a variety of disciplines are invited to apply, but the successful candidate should hold a Ph.D. in a field of specialization such as Sociology, Anthropology, Political Science, History, Literature, Film or Cultural Studies, International Relations, Public Affairs, or Communications Studies. Applicants must be engaging teachers who are fluent in both Hebrew and English. 
 The appointee will be expected to teach 2 courses on topics relating to modern Israel, and should also be prepared to give a public lecture in the Calgary area as well as one to the University of Calgary community. 
 Applicants should submit a letter of interest, a list of courses they are prepared to teach, a C.V. and three confidential letters of reference by April 15th, 2014. Submissions should be sent electronically to Florentine Strzelczyk, Vice Dean of the Faculty of Arts,  strzelcz@ucalgary.ca . 
 All qualified candidates are eligible to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. 
 Posted in  Adjuncts/Tutors ,  Fixed Term ,  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure ,  Visiting Professor  |  Tagged  Job Market ,  Job Search ,  Jobs ,  University Jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 Job: Lecturer in Modern Hebrew, Ohio State University 
 Posted on  December 18, 2013  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 The Department of Near Eastern Languages and Cultures at the Ohio State University invites applicants for a renewable, non-tenure track position in modern Hebrew language. Responsibilities will include teaching six courses per academic year, curriculum development, language placement, and supervising graduate teaching assistants and other instructors. Salary and benefits are competitive. 
 Requirements: Native or near-native fluency in Hebrew and English; demonstrated excellence in the teaching of Hebrew language at all levels and in the effective application of current technologies to foreign language learning. M.A or Ph.D. in Hebrew or related field, preferred. 
 Complete applications must include:  letter of interest; statement of teaching philosophy; C.V.; three recent letters of recommendation; and recent teaching evaluations. All letters of reference must be submitted independently by their authors. At least one of the letters should address the candidate’s teaching qualifications. Inquiries may be directed to Prof. Daniel Frank at  frank.152@osu.edu .  Review of applications will begin on January 15, 2014.  Applications will continue to be accepted until the position is filled. Please apply online through Academic Jobs Online at:  https://academicjobsonline.org/ajo/jobs/3718 . 
 To build a diverse workforce Ohio State encourages applications from individuals with disabilities, minorities, veterans, and women. EEO/AA employer. 
 Posted in  Adjuncts/Tutors ,  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure  |  Tagged  Hebrew Instruction ,  Job Market ,  Job Search ,  Jobs ,  Language ,  Ohio State University ,  Teaching ,  University Jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Postdoctoral Fellows in Israel Studies, Taub Center, NYU, 2014 
 Posted on  December 14, 2013  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 The Taub Center for Israel Studies at New York University seeks to appoint two Postdoctoral Fellows in Israel Studies for a one-year term beginning in September, 2014. Candidates may work on any aspect of Israel Studies, including topics related to history, politics, sociology and culture of Israel. Fellows are expected to teach one undergraduate course during their time at NYU. PhD must be in hand by September 1, 2014 with no exceptions, and may not have been received before September 2010. A Fellowship of $42,000 will be awarded to the successful candidate, with additional research funds allocated at the discretion of the Taub Center. Fellows hold appointments in the Skirball Department of Hebrew and Judaic Studies and work closely with colleagues in their disciplinary specialization if appropriate. 
 Fluency in both Hebrew and English is required. 
 Application Requirements Include: 
 1. CV 
 2. Research Project Proposal 
 3. Three Letters of Recommendation 
 4. Two Course Proposals / Descriptions 
 5. Abstract of Dissertation in English 
 6. Copy of Dissertation in Hebrew or English - electronic file preferred 
 Please email materials to  fas.taubcenter@nyu.edu . Printed materials may also be sent to: 
 Postdoctoral Fellow Search Committee 
 Taub Center for Israel Studies 
 New York University 
 14A Washington Mews, 2nd Floor 
 New York, NY 10003 
 The deadline for Applications is January 15, 2014. 
 You can see the H-net ad at:  http://www.h-net.org/jobs/job_display.php?id=48162 
 Posted in  Fellowship ,  Fixed Term ,  Grants ,  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure ,  Post-Doc  |  Tagged  Israel Studies ,  Job Market ,  Job Search ,  Jobs ,  New York University ,  NYU ,  University Jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 JOB: UCSD Fall Quarter, Hebrew Literature (fixed term) 
 Posted on  November 12, 2013  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 University of California - San Diego - Visiting Assistant Professor in Hebrew Literature 
 UC San Diego Visiting Assistant Professor in Hebrew Literature, Fall Quarter 2014 
 The Judaic Studies Program housed in the department of History within the Division of Arts and Humanities at UC San Diego is committed to academic excellence and diversity within the faculty, staff, and student body. We invite applicants for a one quarter visiting position at UC-San Diego during the fall quarter of 2014. The successful candidate will teach two courses, one to be a survey of Modern Hebrew Literature in translation, the other in an area of Judaic Studies of their choice. Candidates should be eager to engage with faculty and graduate students in Literature and Judaic Studies while at UCSD, and be prepared to deliver a public seminar on their research during the quarter. We welcome applicants with a comparative focus, as well as those with an emphasis in Hebrew language and literature. Junior applicants are especially encouraged to apply, although visiting senior candidates will also be considered. Successful candidates will demonstrate strong or potential accomplishments in areas committed to diversity, equality and inclusion, and a desire to play leadership role in advancing UC San Diego's commitment to achieving excellence and diversity. 
 Applicants should submit a cover letter, cv, and a sample syllabus, as well as three letters of recommendation to Sally Hargate at  judaicstudies@ucsd.ed  by January 15, 2014. 
 UCSD is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer with a strong institutional commitment to excellence through diversity. 
 You can see the H-net ad at:  http://www.h-net.org/jobs/job_display.php?id=48025 
 -- 
 Posted in  Adjuncts/Tutors ,  Fixed Term ,  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure ,  Visiting Professor  |  Tagged  Academia ,  Hebrew literature ,  Job Market ,  Job Search ,  Jobs ,  University Jobs ,  University of California ,  ספרות עברית  |   Leave a reply 
 Post-Doctoral Fellowship: 2014-15 Schusterman Center for Israel Studies at Brandeis University 
 Posted on  November 5, 2013  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Teach one course per semester in Israel Studies, related to programs in Near Eastern and Judaic Studies, Israeli arts and culture, politics, sociology, economics, or other relevant disciplines. Participate actively in the intellectual life of the Schusterman Center for Israel Studies, present at least one public lecture. Annual stipend of $52,500 plus a $3,000 research & travel fund. Benefits-eligible. Applications due January 15, 2014. 
 Learn more at  http://www.brandeis.edu/israelcenter/support/postdoctoral.html 
 For further info, call 781-736-2154 or email  aselve@brandeis.edu . 
 Posted in  Fellowship ,  Grants ,  Post-Doc  |  Tagged  Academia ,  Israel Studies ,  Israeli Culture ,  Job Market ,  Jobs ,  Postdocs ,  University Jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 Job: U Cincinnati, Assistant Professor in Israel and Modern Jewish Thought 
 Posted on  September 26, 2013  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 https://www.h-net.org/jobs/job_display.php?id=47483 
 The Department of Judaic Studies at the University of Cincinnati invites applications for an Assistant Professor in Israel and Modern Jewish Thought. This is a full-time tenure-track position, beginning August 1, 2014. 
 The successful candidate will be a promising scholar with demonstrated excellence in research and teaching. Qualified candidates will be familiar with the critical, academic study of Israel and Modern Jewish Thought within a broader, global context. Also desirable would be background in theories and methods in the study of religion, competency in Modern Hebrew, and the ability to integrate digital technologies into the research and teaching of Jewish Studies. Teaching responsibilities include the introductory courses Modern Jewish Civilization, Modern Jewish Thinkers, and Modern Israel, advanced courses on Israel and Jewish thought, and advising research projects of advanced undergraduate and graduate students. The successful candidate will also serve on committees and generally work to further the department’s growth and prestige. We are seeking individuals whose research and teaching activities are consistent with our mission, which emphasizes a commitment to diversity and to collaborative projects nationally and internationally. 
 Qualifications: Ph.D. in hand by July 31, 2014, clear evidence of research and publication activity, solid evidence of teaching effectiveness, and knowledge of Modern Hebrew. 
 Applicants for this position must apply online to  http://www.jobsatuc.com  (position number 213UC6187). Cover letter should address the candidate’s effectiveness and consistency with both the position and the mission of the Department and indicate experience and success with teaching and interacting with culturally diverse populations. Include a current vita, samples of scholarly work, and evidence of teaching effectiveness. Three letters of recommendation should be sent electronically to Matthew Kraus  matthew.kraus@uc.edu  (phone: 513-556-2298) or mailed to Judaic Studies Search Committee C/O Matthew Kraus Dept. of Judaic Studies, University of Cincinnati, PO Box 210169 Cincinnati, OH 45221-0169. Applications must be submitted by November 7, 2013 and will not be considered complete until all letters of recommendation have been received. For questions, please contact Professor Jana Braziel, Chair of Search Committee (513) 556-0350 [ jana.braziel@uc.edu ]. 
 Application deadline: November 7, 2013. Screening of applications will begin promptly on November 7 and will continue until the position is filled. The University of Cincinnati is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. Women, people of color, people with disability and veterans are encouraged to apply. Preliminary interviews will be conducted at the annual meetings of AAR/SBL and AJS. 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Tenure-Track  |  Tagged  Academia ,  Cincinnati ,  Israel: Religion ,  Jewish Studies ,  Job Market ,  Jobs ,  Modern Hebrew ,  Modern Jewish Thought ,  Religion ,  Tenure Track  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Oxford, OI, Research Lectureship in Israel Studies 
 Posted on  February 10, 2013  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 https://www.recruit.ox.ac.uk/pls/hrisliverecruit/erq_jobspec_version_4.display_form 
 
 University Research Lecturership in Israel Studies 
 University of Oxford  -Faculty of Oriental Studies 
 Faculty of Oriental Studies, Oriental Institute, Pusey Lane, Oxford 
 Grade 8:   £37,382 - £44,607 p.a. 
 The University proposes to appoint a University Research Lecturer in Israel Studies from 22 April 2013 or as soon as possible thereafter for five years. The successful candidate will also be appointed to a Fellowship in Israel Studies in the Oxford Centre for Hebrew and Jewish Studies, a Recognised Independent Centre of the University. The University Research Lecturer will be required to carry out research in the field of Israel Studies; to promote and disseminate research; to teach; and to fulfil general duties for the Oxford Centre for Hebrew and Jewish Studies. 
 The successful applicant will have the potential to be a recognised authority in his or her field; by the time of appointment hold a doctorate (or equivalent) in some aspect of the study of Israel Studies; have a record of scholarly publications; a commitment to teaching; the potential to provide academic leadership; and be able to demonstrate a dedication to disseminating knowledge about Israel to a wider public. Applicants without all of the required skills and experience may be considered for appointment at Grade 7 (  £29,541 - £36,298 p.a.). 
 Applications for this vacancy are to be made online not later than noon on  Thursday 7 March 2013.  Two references also should be sent to the email address provided below by Thursday 7 March. Shortlisted candidates will be asked for a third reference to be provided prior to the interview. To apply for this role and for further details, including the job description and full selection criteria, please click on the links provided below. 
 Posted in  Fixed Term ,  Jobs  |  Tagged  Academia ,  Israel Studies ,  Jewish Studies ,  Job Market ,  Job Search  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Professor of Israel Studies at Northeastern University 
 Posted on  February 7, 2013  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Northeastern University invites nominations and applications for a specialist in Israel Studies to be appointed at the rank of professor, associate professor, or assistant professor beginning Fall 2013. The successful candidate will be an outstanding researcher and teacher whose work makes a central disciplinary contribution in the social sciences or history, as well as to Israel and Middle East Studies. The field of specialization is open, and the College of Social Sciences and Humanities is particularly interested in enhancing strengths in international relations, political economy, or international security. The appointment will be in one or more of the College for Social Sciences and Humanities’ departments or schools and may reach into its International Affairs Program. 
 Qualifications: A doctoral degree by the start date is required. 
 Additional Information: Applicants should submit a letter of interest, including a statement on teaching, a CV, a statement of current and future research plans, a writing sample of no more than fifty pages, and contact information for three referees or a dossier service. To apply visit the College of Social Sciences and Humanities website at:  http://www.northeastern.edu/cssh/  and click on the Faculty Positions button. Please address inquiries about the position to Mitchell Orenstein, Chair of the Israel Studies Search Committee,  m.orenstein@neu.edu . 
 Review of applications will begin February 22, 2013, but the search will remain open until the position is filled. 
 https://www.h-net.org/jobs/job_display.php?id=46285 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Tenure-Track ,  Tenured / Chair  |  Tagged  Academia ,  Israel ,  Job Market ,  Job Search ,  Northeastern University  |   Leave a reply 
 Jobs: Assistant Lecturer, Modern Israel. Australian Centre for Jewish Civilisation, Monash 
 Posted on  December 19, 2012  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 From:  http://jobs.theconversation.edu.au/jobs/3377-assistant-lecturer-australian-centre-for-jewish-civilisation 
 Assistant Lecturer (Australian Centre for Jewish Civilisation) 
 Job No. 
 507368 
 Faculty / Portfolio: 
 Faculty of Arts 
 School Philosophical, Historical and International Studies Australian Centre for Jewish Civilisation 
 Location: Caulfield campus 
 Employment Type: Full-time 
 Duration: Two year fixed-term appointment (commencing July 2013) 
 Remuneration: $62,724 - $85,128 pa Level A (includes 9% employer superannuation) 
 The Australian Centre for Jewish Civilisation is seeking an Assistant Lecturer with a dynamic teaching and research profile in the area of Middle East studies with a specialisation in the history of modern Israel. You will teach in areas of high student interest offered by the Australian Centre for Jewish Civilisation, support research student supervision and engage in original and innovative research. 
 You will bolster the centre's strengths in the areas of modern Israel and Middle East Studies, playing a leading role in teaching the following existing History units: 
 Modern Israel: History, Politics and Society The Middle East in the Modern World The History of the Arab-Israeli Conflict War and Peace: Models of Conflict Resolution. 
 You will have: 
 a PhD qualification or near completion in the discipline of History relating to modern Israel and/or the Middle East expertise in the history of the Middle East with a specialisation in Israel a working knowledge of Hebrew evidence of outstanding reserch potential proven excellence in teaching the ability to work as part of a team high level verbal and written communication skills good organisational and administrative skills willingness to participate in the Centre's public engagement programs. 
 This role is a full-time position; however, flexible working arrangements may be negotiated. 
 Your application must address the selection criteria. Please refer to "How to apply for Monash Jobs" 
 Enquiries 
 Mr Mark Baker, Director, Jewish Studies, +61 3 9903 5001 Position Description PD - Assistant Lecturer - Australian Centre for Jewish Civilisation Closing Date Monday 21 January 2013, 11:55pm Aus. Eastern Daylight Time 
 Posted in  Fixed Term ,  Jobs  |  Tagged  Academia ,  Australia ,  Israel Studies ,  Job Market ,  Middle East ,  Modern Israel ,  Monash ,  University Jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 Email Subscription 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 Categories 
 Categories Select Category Bibliography  (2,062)    BA Thesis  (8)    Book  (205)    Book Chapter  (76)    Book Review  (148)    CFP  (7)    Dissertation  (36)    Journal article  (1,471)    Journal ToC  (107)    MA Thesis  (13)    Magazine article  (16)    Online paper  (18)    Report  (16)    Work in Progress  (1) Discussions and Methodology  (5)    Blog posts  (1)    Online magazines  (3) Grants  (50)    Fellowship  (24)    Graduate Fellowships  (8)    Post-Doc  (22)    Prize  (8)    Scholarship  (10)    Travel grant  (7) Israel Studies Programs News  (16) Jobs  (78)    Adjuncts/Tutors  (8)    Administration  (1)    Fixed Term  (14)    Non-Tenure  (23)    Tenure-Track  (25)    Tenured / Chair  (10)    Visiting Professor  (14) Public Events  (207)    CFP  (35)    Concert  (1)    Conference  (14)    Conference Program  (40)    Discussion \ Panel  (22)    Exhibit  (2)    Festival  (1)    Gala  (2)    Lecture / Public Talk  (97)    Performance  (6)    Reception  (2)    Screening  (10)    Seminar  (13)    Symposium  (4)    Tour  (1)    Webcast \ Podcast  (2)    Webinar  (1)    Workshops  (21) Resources  (16)    Israel Studies Program  (7)    Website  (4) Teaching  (13)    Syllabi  (6)    Textbooks  (2) Uncategorized  (5) 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Bulletin: Water in Israel 
 Bulletin: Psychology and Psychiatry in Israel 
 Bulletin: Military Occupation and Conflict, the West Bank, and Gaza 
 Bulletin: Americans Jews and Israel 
 Bulletin: Aliyah, Immigration, Refugees and Trafficking 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
