  
 
 Home 
 Job Search 
 Recruitment 
 Resume Tips 
 Interview Tips 
 Career Advice 
 
 How you can make the most of the Web & Mobile potential in your next Job Search! 
 __ September 22, 2018  __ Workruit  __ Job search  __ 0 
 While newspapers and networking still play an important role in looking for work, the technology is definitely disrupting the job search. 
 Technology has helped make searching for jobs more convenient than ever. With an internet connection and a phone, job seekers are able to look for jobs anywhere in the world, from anywhere in the world. It’s not only also easier to look, but also  apply for jobs at the click of a button . This tends to present an issue for not only employers looking for standout candidates, but also job seekers themselves who are competing with hundreds or thousands of other job seekers. One way to hack this problem is by thoroughly reading job descriptions and including those keywords to align with your resume, experience and skills. 
 Read on for some ideas as to how you can make the most of the technology — Web & Mobile potential in your next job search. 
 1. Post your resume online so recruiters can find you — even when you’re not actively searching for work. Share your resume on  Workruit .  Download the app and get started . 
 2. Join an online networking community and connect with fellow alumni, colleagues and recruiters. 
 3. Search the names of old friends and coworkers to reach out and expand your network. 
 4. Research major employers, using various news/financial Web sites or search engines. 
 5. Tap the power of industry blogs to find folks who are doing what you’d like to do for a living and ask for advice. You’d be surprised at how many people are willing to share their wisdom. 
 6. Streamline your efforts by saving job searches and signing up for  email job alerts  so you’ll know about new postings immediately. 
 7. Start an online job-search support group and open it up to members of your network who are looking for work and share encouragement and insights as you seek out new opportunities. 
 8. Visit company  Web sites  for additional job postings and to learn about each organization’s corporate culture. This will help you determine if you’d be a good fit and provide you with insights for any interviews. 
 9. Browse trade associations and professional groups online for insights and new connections. 
 10. Do away with age-old job-search platforms. Embrace the innovative and easy way to connect with a potential employer? Download the Workruit app here —  www.workruit.com/download 
 In today’s Information Age, it is easier than ever to find information about companies and potential employers. Combined with mobile & social media, it is also easier than ever to connect with these potential employers through a combination of applying directly, marketing and branding oneself, and networking. Beyond clicking, “Apply Now; or, ‘Submit Resume;  technology has also affected the job hunting process  by making it easier for employers to interview potential employees using video conferencing technology. 
 
 Do away with age-old job-search platforms. Embrace the innovative and easy way to connect with a potential employer? Download the Workruit app here —  www.workruit.com/download 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 __ 
 
 apps 
 Careers 
 human resources 
 jobs 
 workruit 
 
 [Previous 
 HOW TO HIRE A GREAT INTERN? 
 ](https://blog.workruit.com/2018/09/18/first-blog-post/) 
 [Next 
 Don’t Stop Believing - 25 Inspirational Career Quotes to Light Your Inner Fire! 
 ](https://blog.workruit.com/2018/09/25/dont-stop-believing-25-inspirational-career-quotes-to-light-your-inner-fire/) 
 Be the first to comment 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 What's new? 
 
 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CqjfXwPGvek 
 Search a blog 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 6 Tips for a Career Change 
 How to recognize if it's a good job or bad job for you? 
 Kick-start your career early while pursuing your degree 
 11 Tips to Create an Amazing Resume 
 Career-advice: Tips for first-time job seekers 
 
 
 Workruit aims at simplifying job search and recruitment using advanced Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning technologies. The time taken for the hiring process is reduced by half since Workruit sifts the applicants using data analytics and displays only relevant profiles that match your requirements. 
 Categories 
 
 Career Advice 
 Hiring 
 Hiring Tips 
 Interview Tips 
 Job search 
 Resume Tips 
 
 Follow Us 
 
 Facebook  
 Instagram  
 Twitter  
 LinkedIn  
 Medium  
 YouTube  
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 | WordPress Theme by  MH Themes 
 %d bloggers like this: 
