__  880 North Service Rd, Unit 201, Windsor, ON, N8X 3J5 
 __  226.674.3220 
 __ __ __ __ __ __ 
 __  info@workforcewindsoressex.com 
 Toggle navigation 
 
 
 Jobseekers __
 
 Find a Job 
 Improve Your Skills and Resume 
 Research an Occupation 
 Submit Your Resume 
 Blogs and Videos 
 All Resources for Jobseekers 
 
 
 Employers __
 
 Labour Market Data & Requests 
 Hiring Help 
 Talent Strategies Toolkit 
 Connecting to Classrooms 
 Employer Survey & Results 
 All Resources for Employers 
 
 
 Students & Educators __
 
 Career Navigation Help 
 Experiential Learning 
 Labour Market Information 
 Blogs & Videos 
 All Resources for Educators & Students 
 
 
 Community __
 
 Labour Market Information 
 Talent Strategies Toolkit 
 Finding Programs & Services 
 Census Information 
 Local Immigration Partnership 
 WE Value Partnership 
 All Resources for Community 
 
 
 About __
 
 The Organization 
 The Team 
 The Board of Directors 
 Our Funded Projects 
 Newsletter 
 Media Relations 
 Join the Team 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 Workforce WindsorEssex Promotes Essential Jobs with New Career Resources 
 WORKFORCE WINDSORESSEX   PROMOTES ESSENTIAL JOBS WITH NEW CAREER RESOURCES 
 New Career Portal, Virtual Hospital Tours, and Workforce Interviews highlight in-demand job opportunities in Windsor-Essex 
 Windsor, ON  – Workforce WindsorEssex, the region’s workforce planning board, launched new career resources to help students, jobseekers, and career changers learn more about the benefits of pursuing a career in an essential position in Windsor-Essex. 
 Since the beginning of the pandemic, essential workers have kept our local economy moving and the demand for certain occupations such as home support workers, retail salespersons, transport truck drivers, and more, remains strong. Today, we’re shining a spotlight on the high demand for essential workers locally by providing a virtual hospital tour and releasing interviews about people working on the front line in a new Essential Worker Career Portal. 
 The new resources being announced today include: 
 
 A new  Essential Worker Career Portal  covering the top 50 occupations working in essential businesses, including in healthcare, transportation, information and communications, agriculture, and retail. This portal also shares information about the skills required for these positions, local wages and salary, local educational programs, and up-to-date available career opportunities. 
 The release of new  Workforce Interviews  featuring interviews with workers in essential positions. These blogs will be released between November 2020 and April 2021. 
 The organization of an online event called “A Virtual Look Inside Healthcare” will be held today. Local secondary students are hearing from health care professionals from Windsor Regional Hospital, Erie Shores HealthCare, and Hôtel-Dieu Grace Healthcare. Staff will share what led them to their position, their job duties, and what educational requirements are needed for their position. Students participating during the live event will have the opportunity to ask the staff questions to learn more about how they are playing a role during the ongoing COVID-19 crisis. A recording of "A Virtual Look Inside Healthcare" will be available online after the event. 
 
 Together, these new resources will help promote the variety of careers available in essential positions to students, jobseekers, and career changers who want to find new job opportunities that they may not have previously considered. 
 These resources can be found at  www.workforcewindsoressex.com/essential-careers . 
 
 QUOTES: 
 
 “Windsor-Essex has been facing a skills shortage for many years, and that skills shortage is now exacerbated by the COVID-19 pandemic. These new resources will promote careers in essential positions, many of which will be in-demand for years to come, for both the current and future workforce. " 
 
 Justin Falconer, CEO, Workforce WindsorEssex 
 
 
 
 “We are thrilled to partner with Workforce WindsorEssex and our hospital partners to bring this exciting event to the students of Windsor-Essex. Hôtel-Dieu Grace Healthcare believes strongly that we play a role in growing both current and future leaders and this virtual event is just one of the ways in which we achieve this. " 
 
 Nicole Crozier, Manager, Communications, Hôtel-Dieu Grace Healthcare 
 
 
 
 “We are proud to help give students in our community an opportunity to learn about the wide variety of career opportunities available inside hospitals. This also gives them a close-up look at how some of these jobs function during a pandemic. It’s a unique opportunity in history for students to get incredible insight in real time. " 
 
 Steve Erwin, Manager, Corporate Communications, Government and Community Relations, Windsor Regional Hospital 
 
 
 
 " The healthcare field is full of exciting opportunities for people of all education levels, abilities, and backgrounds. ESHC is honored to showcase some of our team who have led through the first wave of COVID-19 and give students real-time access to learn more about ESHC and our work with our diverse communities and our collaborative approach to healthcare in Essex County. Although the work can be highly rewarding, students will learn about the passion for people and our commitment to care in unprecedented times. We hope that our team will inspire the next generation of ESHC team members with this fantastic outreach – because compassionate care is essential – and driven by the people who deliver it." 
 
 Arms Bumanlag, Director of Public Relations & Communications, Erie Shores HealthCare 
 
 
 __ 
 QUICK LINKS: 
 
 Visit the  Essential Worker Career Portal  for interviews with local essential workers, essential worker career profiles, and virtual learning experiences. 
 In previous years, Workforce WindsorEssex launched resources to encourage more people to pursue careers in the  skilled trades ,  agriculture , and  tech sector  in Windsor-Essex. 
 Workforce WindsorEssex collects local job postings from 48 job boards and employer websites to better understand employer demand for talent and to simplify job search via our innovative job finding tools:  WEjobs board ,  WEmap jobs  or  WEexplore careers . 
 
 Media Contact: 
 Lindsey Rivait 
Executive Assistant and Researcher 
Workforce WindsorEssex 
 lrivait@workforcewindsoressex.com 
 __ 
 About Workforce WindsorEssex 
 Workforce WindsorEssex is a workforce and community development board whose mission is to lead regional employment and community planning for the development of a strong and sustainable workforce. The organization is funded in part by the Government of Canada and the Government of Ontario. 
 Workforce WindsorEssex is an experienced leader in the development of regional labour market tools, research, guides, and events that create positive change in the local labour market while saving others time and effort. These resources, created in close coordination with employment, education and industry partners, are designed to help job seekers, employers, students and educators, as well as the community, make more informed labour market decisions using locally-responsive, data-rich and unbiased resources. To learn more about Workforce WindsorEssex visit  workforcewindsoressex.com . 
 Printer Friendly file 
  __ Printable PDF: Workforce WindsorEssex Promotes Essential Jobs with New Career Resources   
 __ 
 Share on Facebook 
 __ 
 Share on Twitter 
 Search for: __ 
 OUR POPULAR TOOLS 
     
 
 
 Join the Team 
 Media Releases 
 Media Relations 
 Customer Service Charter 
 Privacy Policy 
 Accessibility Policy 
 Logo & Graphics 
 
 __ __ __ __ __ __ 
 OUR OFFICE 
 Workforce Development Board Windsor Essex 
880 North Service Rd, Unit 201 
Windsor, ON, N8X 3J5 
226.674.3220 
 info@workforcewindsoressex.com 
 Recent Posts 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Keeping Motivated in Your Job Search 
 How to Network Virtually 
 Employer Survey Results 
 Job Search and Demand During Lockdown for December 2020 in Windsor-Essex 
 Standing out in a Virtual Job Interview 
 
 Help Us Serve You Better 
 We are collecting data to better understand who is looking for work and what kind of opportunities jobseekers are searching for. This data is completely anonymous and non-personally identifiable. 
 Male  Female  Other 
 Your Age: 
 < 15  15-24  25-34  35-54  55-64  65-74  75+ 
 No Thanks. 
 __ 
