Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Records Management Intern 
 Science North 
 __Greater Sudbury, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Science North is a global leader in our cutting-edge and unique approach to award-winning and robust visitor experiences. Our products, programs and services reach all across Northern Ontario and further to a global market. We have won multiple awards for creating high impact visitor experiences for people of all ages. 
 Does being part of a great team working together to achieve goals sound like it’s right for you? Would you like to contribute your creative ideas and design skills towards an exceptional experience? Do you enjoy working in a fast-paced exciting environment where no two days are ever the same? Science North is seeking to fill the following internship opportunities. Internships are one year in length and will start as soon as possible. All applicants must meet the following internship program eligibility requirements. Candidates must be recent graduates (within 3 years) from an accredited college or university, legally entitled to work in Canada, not previous participants in an internship program and the internship must represent a first-time employment opportunity in their field of study. All positions require exceptional interpersonal and communication (oral and written) skills and the ability to work independently and in a collaborative team environment. 
 The Records Management Intern will assist the IT services manager in upgrading our shared files and related systems all while ensuring compliance with records management directives. This position will serve a dual purpose by both supporting key IT systems and transitions while ensuring proper records management. By standardizing record keeping practices for the organization and offering the workforce robust file sharing tools, the intern will play a key role in helping Science North achieve all 5 of its strategic initiatives. In addition to supporting the transition to shared services and assisting in the development and delivery of new records management policies, the intern’s key responsibilities will include; researching best practices and recommending standard record management practices for the organization, training users on new IT systems, cataloguing all digital and paper records.The successful candidate will have degree/diploma IT related field such as: Computer Science, Information Technology, Information management, Information Systems. Some knowledge of records management practices/procedures and implementing workflows in systems would be an asset. 
 Interested applicants are asked to forward resumes via email quoting  job number RMI-100.  Deadline for applications is November 28, 2019. Science North is committed to an inclusive workplace and invites applications from all qualified individuals to join our diverse team. Accommodations are available upon request in all aspects of Science North’s selection process. We thank all interested candidates; only those selected for interviews will be contacted. 
 Science North is a registered charity. 
 Science North is an agency of the Government of Ontario. 
 THIS OPPORTUNITY IS PROUDLY SUPPORTED BY NOHFC (An Agency of the Government of Ontario) 
 Job Types: Internship, Contract 
 Salary: $17.69 /hour 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
