Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Assistant Manager 
 Ardene 
 __Guelph, ON 
 Apply Now 
 ASSISTANT STORE MANAGER 
 THIS COULD BE YOU! 
 Want to be part of an amazing team? If you’re a vibrant and highly motivated leader with an interest in fashion retail – we want to hear from you. 
 We understand that it may feel a little scary to start going out again, but as always, the wellbeing of our employees and customers is number one. We are implementing additional health & safety measures to ensure your security in our stores. 
 Visit https://www.ardene.com/ca/en/community-response/covid-19.html for more information on our safety protocols. 
 The Role 
 The Assistant Manager supports the Store Manager to achieve sales objectives, improve employee performance and ensure efficient store operations. The Assistant Manager must lead by example and inspire their team to generate sales as well as provide outstanding customer service all while projecting the company’s culture and image. 
 In the absence of the Store Manager, the Assistant Manager oversees all store operations. 
 Responsibilities Include: 
Assisting in the implementation of strategies to achieve the store’s sales and profit budgets. 
 Oversee all store operations including:  opening and closing procedures, store cleanliness, re-stocking and merchandising, customer service and supervision of the team. 
Providing excellent customer service and coaching their team accordingly. 
Comply with all head office requests regarding store operations. 
Processing purchases at the register. 
Adhering to all company policies. 
Supporting the Store Manager in ensuring company standards are followed in accordance with the employee manual. 
Performing all other related duties as directed by the Store Manager. 
 Compensation:  The average wage for this position is $15.05 per hour. 
 Who We Are 
 Born in Montreal way back in 1982, Ardene has grown into who we are today with the help of our Canadian family. We believe fashion shouldn’t be exclusive or intimidating – it should be real, and it should be celebrated with youthful confidence and fearless enthusiasm. 
 ✓ Fun & fast-paced 
 ✓ Great employee discount 
 ✓ Flexible schedule 
 ✓ Caring leaders 
 ✓ Casual dress code 
 ✓ Limitless opportunity 
 At Ardene, you’re more than an employee – you’re part of a fun, dynamic and energetic family. 
 Job Requirements 
 Qualifications: 
Minimum 1-year retail experience in a leadership role 
High school diploma or equivalent 
Excellent selling and customer service abilities 
Strong time management, and priority-setting skills 
Strong communication and interpersonal skills 
Ability to delegate tasks and take ownership 
Ability to lead a team in a positive and inclusive manner 
 Physical requirements: 
Ability to stand for extended periods and climb a ladder; 
Move, lift and handle boxes of merchandise and fixtures throughout the store (weighing up to 30 pounds). 
 This job description is not intended to be all-inclusive. Employee may perform other related duties to meet the ongoing needs of the company. 
 Ardene is an equal opportunity employer, and as such, does not discriminate in hiring or terms and conditions of employment on the basis of an individual’s race, ancestry, color, place of origin, religion, gender, gender identity, citizenship, age, sexual orientation, disability, national origin, family status, marital status or any other or any other characteristic protected by applicable laws. Selection decisions are solely based on job-related factors. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
