__ 
 Login/Register 
 
 
 
 * [](https://www.facebook.com/WorkingHolidayinCanada)
 
 
 
 EnglishFrançais 
   
 
 Login/register 
 Visa 
 
 Applying for a Working Holiday Visa 
 Canadian Working Holiday Visa 
 Applications for WHV for 2020 now being accepted 
 Here is how to kick off your WHV application 
 Important Documents & Forms for Canadian Working Holidaymakers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 Jobs in Montreal 
 Jobs in Ottawa 
 Jobs in Edmonton 
 Jobs in Toronto 
 Jobs in Vancouver 
 Jobs in Calgary 
 Jobs in Québec City 
 Ski Resort Jobs in Canada 
 Jobs in British Columbia 
 Top Job sites in Canada 
 Register for your WHC Jobs Kit! 
 
 
 Accommodation
 
 Accommodation in Canada 
 Accommodation in Montreal 
 Accommodation in Toronto 
 Accommodation in Vancouver 
 Accommodation in Ottawa 
 Accommodation in Calgary 
 Accommodation in Edmonton 
 Accommodation in Québec City 
 Ski resorts 
 
 
 Canadian SIN 
 
 Lost Your Social Insurance Number Or Had It Stolen? 
 
 
 Banks 
 Phones 
 Taxes 
 
 Tax Refund Options in Canada 
 The basics of tax in Canada 
 Taxes in Vancouver 
 Taxes in Toronto 
 Taxes in Calgary 
 Taxes in Edmonton 
 Taxes in Ottawa 
 Taxes in Montreal 
 Taxes in Québec City 
 
 
 
 Jobs in Toronto 
 Jobs in Toronto range from casual jobs to careers just like any other city. You can spend your summer working on the cruise ships in the harbour or waiting tables downtown. Alternatively, if you are looking for a career in high finance or IT, this is the place to be. 
 More than 1.5 million people were employed in Toronto in 2019 and Toronto’s unemployment rate is 5,4%(its lowest in 40 years). 
 As the financial hub of Canada and the second biggest financial centre in North America, Toronto offers plenty of opportunities to anyone pursuing a career in finance and accounting. The Toronto Stock Exchange is the 7th largest in the world, and the top 5 Canadian banks have their headquarters there. 
 Toronto also has the third-largest concentration of IT companies in North America with only San Francisco and New York having higher nerd populations! 
 If you want to work for some of the biggest companies in the world - Facebook, Microsoft, and Google, all have offices in the Old Toronto district. 
 Other big industries are media, tourism, entertainment, education, and the start-up scene. 
 The tech market continues to grow and around 2% are employed in this field. Toronto is the eighth most popular destination for global tech workers. Nearly half of Toronto’s employees are working in the office category. Those working in the service industry are 12,6%, in retail 9,8% and manufacturing 8,7%. 
 Taking a job in retail, tourism or hospitality while you are searching for that dream role is well advised. These jobs are generally easier to get and more readily available. 
 Some of the  most in-demand jobs in Toronto  are sales associate positions, admin assistants, developers, drivers, and receptionists. 
 You can expect to be paid between $52,000 and $62,000 CAD for a job as a sales assistant. The average salary in Toronto is $59,000. 
 Toronto is a city that welcomes newcomers and immigrants and is one of the most multicultural centres in Canada with half of its population born outside of the country. 
 Toronto is friendly to immigrants and getting a visa in Canada is relatively easy compared to other countries. 
 The entire process can be completed online and you will need to have scanned copies of the  necessary documents.  
 To apply for a work permit for Canada, you need a job offer letter, an employment contract, a copy of your LMIA ( Labour Market Impact Assessment), and your LMIA number. 
Even if you are a native English speaker, you will need to go through a formal language exam. Accepted language exams are CELPIP and the IELTS. 
 You can search for  summer jobs in Toronto  and casual or professional jobs too by using our unique job search tool for working holidaymakers in Canada. 
 Simply  register for free  to access the job tool and lists of  top employers in Toronto  and other cities across Canada. 
 Some of the most popular sites to search for a job in Toronto are: 
 Toronto Job Sites You Can Check Out 
 TorontoJobs 
 HCareers 
 Canada’s top 100- (Canada’s Top 100 employers) 
 Toronto Job Classifieds 
 Now Toronto 
 Monster 
 Workopolis 
 Eluta 
 Craigslist 
 Job Bank 
 Working.com 
 Careerbuilder 
 Kijiji.com 
 Top Recruitment Agents in Toronto 
 Many recruitment agents specialize in certain industries so you should do your own research in addition to what we have below. 
 Adecco 
 Hays 
 Kelly 
 Manpower 
 The Judge Group  - for tech and healthcare jobs 
 Procom  - jobs in IT 
 Vitamin T  - for creative talents 
 The Select Group  - professionals looking for jobs across multiple fields 
 Don 't forget to register for your free  WHC Jobs Kit  with a list of Toronto's Top Working Holiday employers, a working holiday job search tool, our resume guide and jobs fair calendar. 
 
 You may also like: 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 About us  |  Contact us  |  Suggestions  |  T&C's   |  Privacy Policy 
 Translation 
 EnglishFrançais 
 © 2021 Working Holiday Canada. All Rights Reserved. 
 Back to top __ 
