Skip to content 
 
 msalliance 
 Not a bitter old crone… 
 Search Search for: 
 Places ,  Reviews 
 smallcarBIGCITY. Italian job Mini tour of London. A review. 
 We've lived in the London suburbs all of our lives and so don't often go into town because we can any time we like, right? Then we don't. 
 So, it's the holidays, and we have a young man from France staying with us. I am very aware that 15 year old boys usually like nothing better than to spend the whole day playing video games and mooching around and I don't like to chivvy too much, but life's too short for mooching and such a shame to come to London and not see any of it. But Antoine has already been to London 5 times and taken in all the sights, so we needed something different and, preferably, fun. Which is why I was so pleased to spot this smallcarbigcity tour on Keynoir a few months ago. I just called the company to book the tour and they were friendly and fun. 
 The kidz were picked up at St. James's Park tube station by the lovely Alastair in a British Racing Green Mark 1mini, for a 90 minute Italian Job tour. We'd made sure they'd seen The Italian Job the night before so the three of them were unfazed when presented with boiled suits and flat caps to wear on the trip to get into character. And off they went. 
 
 
 And an hour and a half later I met them in Piccadilly. I had, of course, taken advantage of the opportunity to purchase some UK-appropriate presents in Fortnum's in the meantime. They were grinning as they alighted from the car. They'd been on a whistle stop tour of Trafalgar Square, Parliament Square, Covent Garden, Embankment, but didn't cross the river, of course. Alastair provided them with a quirky and interesting commentary including little-known facts about French cannons and the Iron Duke's nose on Admiralty Arch. 
 This Italian Job tour costs from £119 for a 90 minute tour for three passengers. 
 Have a look at  http://www.smallcarbigcity.com/tours 
 not a sponsored post 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 July 22, 2011February 25, 2012   msalliance London mini tours ,  quirky London ,  sightseeing ,  Things to do in London with teenagers 
 2 thoughts on "smallcarBIGCITY. Italian job Mini tour of London. A review." 
 
 Ian Synge  says: 
 
 July 24, 2011 at 11:05 pm 
 Sounds like enormous fun - although worry (a) that being practically 40 should disqualify me and (b) what would happen if I ended up drawing straws and getting the back seat? 
 Reply 
 1. **[msalliance](https://msalliance.wordpress.com)** says:
 
 July 24, 2011 at 11:12 pm 
 All three of them were grinning profusely, even the two in the back seat. I missed out. Fortnum's was dull. I'd like to do it myself sometime! Also b) you're as young as (the man)* you feel. *delete where applicable. 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Previous post: The Slendertone Bottom Shorts Journal #3 
 Next Next post: The Slendertone Bottom Shorts Journal #4 
 Sidebar 
 Search for: 
 Categories 
 Categories Select Category Beauty stuff  (25) Christmas  (2) Darling Daughter's guest blog  (4) Dogs  (7) Family  (29) Fauna  (6) Favourite things  (14) Flora  (13) Food  (5) In memoriam  (5) Indian skin  (11) Innermost  (39) Knitting  (21) lentveggie  (6) Letters  (2) Meme  (21) naughty dog  (1) Places  (15) Polls  (1) Rants  (24) Review  (12) Reviews  (24) Silent Sunday  (24) Slendertone Bottom journal  (7) Stylings  (1) Teenagers  (10) Uncategorized  (27) 
 Moonwalk 2013 
 Please click on the logo to sponsor me or donate to Moonwalk 2013 in aid of Walk the Walk, which makes grants to charities that fight breast cancer. You're all marvellous! x  
 Blogroll 
 
 Posterous public picture space 
 Retrieverman 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Posterous public picture space  This is where I post holiday photos etc for all to see 
 Retrieverman 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
