Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Personal Banking Associate 
 TD Bank 
 __Moncton, NB 
 Apply Now 
 Tell us your story. Don't go unnoticed. Explain why you're a winning candidate. Think "TD" if you crave meaningful work and embrace change like we do. We are a trusted North American leader that cares about people and inspires them to grow and move forward. 
 Stay current and competitive. Carve out a career for yourself. Grow with us. 
 Department Overview 
 At TD Canada Trust, we are the frontline of TD Bank. We strive to build deep and long- lasting relationships with our customers. By understanding their needs and providing personalized financial solutions, our purpose is to help our customers and small businesses achieve their financial goals. 
 We are looking for brand champions, relationship builders, and leading professionals with an understanding of market and economic trends that can build legendary customer experiences. 
 Join TD Canada Trust and think like a customer, act like an owner, innovate with purpose and execute with an impact. 
 Job Description 
 Can you establish, build, and maintain impactful relationships with our customers? Do you love working with customers and helping them with their financial needs? We are seeking a Personal Banking Associate for our branch office who can guide customers to the appropriate staff member for resolving their financial queries and banking needs, including new accounts, investment advice and banking solutions. Do you think you have what it takes? 
 In this role, a typical day may look like: 
Engage customers in day to day advice needs, service transactions, digital education, and customer problem resolution related to banking solutions 
Understand customer needs and guide customers to the right contact person for appropriate solutions while exercising good judgement in confidential matters 
Build customer confidence on emerging digital banking trends by educating them on mobile, ATM, and online banking 
Support the frontline staff with scheduled cash and non-cash transactions; resolve critical issues and report non-standard matters to management 
Recommend improvements to work practices, branch operations and processes to enhance customer experience and achieve operational excellence 
Participate in the timely and accurate completion of business processes and procedures 
Ensure prepared documentation is accurate, reflects business intentions, and is consistent with relevant regulations and TD's Code of Conduct and Ethics 
Help build a positive and equitable work environment by promoting team effectiveness, participating in personal performance development and sharing industry knowledge to achieve common objectives 
 Job Requirements 
 High School Diploma with over 1 year of relevant experience 
Undergraduate degree or equivalent is an asset 
Proficiency in using MS Office (Word, Excel and Outlook), branch software and internet 
Knowledge of banking solutions and processes to advise customers 
A self-starter who works independently in a dynamic work environment through strong administration, organizational, planning and time management skills 
A dynamic, diligent, and effective influencer with can-do attitude to exercise initiative and handle several tasks and changing priorities 
A strong communicator with established customer experience skills who can effectively connect, both verbally and in writing, with customers and related teams in a courteous, and effective manner 
 Inclusiveness 
 At TD, we are committed to fostering an inclusive, accessible environment, where all employees and customers feel valued, respected and supported. We are dedicated to building a workforce that reflects the diversity of our customers and communities in which we live and serve. If you require an accommodation for the recruitment/interview process (including alternate formats of materials, or accessible meeting rooms or other accommodation), please let us know and we will work with you to meet your needs. 
 Job Family 
 Retail Sales & Service 
 Job Category - Primary 
 Retail Banking - Customer Service 
 Job Category(s) 
 Retail Banking - Customer Service 
 Hours 
 37.5 
 Business Line 
 TD Canada Trust 
 Time Type 
 Full Time 
 Employment Type 
 Regular 
 Country 
 Canada 
 **Province/State (Primary) 
 New Brunswick 
 City (Primary) 
 Moncton 
 Work Location 
 1380 Mountain Road, Unit 42 
 Apply to job 
Save 
Send to friend 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
