Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Contract Management Specialist 
 Bombardier 
 __Dorval, QC 
 Apply Now 
 Contract Management Specialist-MON17422 
 Description 
 BOMBARDIER 
 At Bombardier, our employees work together to evolve mobility worldwide - one good idea at a time. If you have a good idea, we’ll provide the environment where it will thrive and grow into a great product or customer experience. Your ideas are our fuel. 
 In your role, you will: 
 
 Develop contract models and risk mitigations 
 Define new contracts and develop so called value dossiers 
 Act has a key negotiation advisor for Procurement 
 Be responsible for contract management regarding our strategic partners. This includes the management of the terms and conditions of existing contract, as well as support for the development of new projects and major initiatives with our strategic partners 
 Manage day-to-day commercial and financial issues with external partners. Resolve deviances and mitigate risks 
 Govern monthly billing for outsourcing contracts including reviews with budget owners 
 Ensure consistent actual and forecasting process and provide expertise for budget and forecast 
 Prepare for monthly/ quarterly operations review 
 
 Qualifications 
 As our ideal candidate, 
 
 You have a University degree in business administration, management, finance, computer science, legal or a related 
 You have minimum 5 – 8 years post graduate experience in IS/IT , Legal, Finance and/ or Procurement 
 You have experience in an industrial business environment 
 
 Bombardier is an equal opportunity employer and encourages women, Aboriginal people, persons with disabilities and members of visible minorities to apply. 
 Whether your candidacy is moving on to the next step of the hiring process or not, we will keep you informed by email or by phone. Join us at careers.bombardier.com 
 Your ideas move people. 
 Job:  Information Systems and Information Technologies 
 Primary Location:  CA-QC-Montreal Dorval 
 Organization:  Aerospace 
 Schedule:  Full-time 
 Employee Status:  Regular 
 Job Posting:  01.10.2020, 2:55:32 PM 
 Unposting Date:  Ongoing 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
