Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Enrollment Advisor 
 Pearson 
 __North York, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Description 
 We are the world’s learning company with more than 24,000 employees operating in 70 countries. We combine world-class educational content and assessment, powered by services and technology, to enable more effective teaching and personalized learning at scale. We believe that wherever learning flourishes so do people. 
 We Value Diversity and Inclusion 
 We value the power of inclusive culture, so we embed diversity and inclusion in everything we do. 
 Pearson promotes a company culture where differences are embraced as strengths, opportunities are equal and accessible, consideration and respect are the norm, and all employees are given the chance to reach their full potential. 
 Through our talent, we believe that diversity and inclusion make us a more innovative and vibrant company. People are at the center of our company. We are committed to a sustainable environment and workplace ecosystem where talent can learn, grow, and thrive. 
 Learn more click here at https://www.pearson.com/careers/diversity-and-inclusion.html . 
 At Pearson Online Learning Services our Enrollment team is a fundamental asset to our success and that of our Academic Partners. Due to exponential growth, we are looking for individuals who are passionate about helping students achieve their goals. If you are looking to join an organization on a mission to help people make progress in their lives through learning, then Pearson Online Learning Services is the place for you! 
 Summary: 
Facilitate prospective student through application process for bachelors, masters, doctoral and certificate programs. The Enrollment Advisor will discover the needs and concerns of prospects, demonstrate how our programs can best meet those needs, and support the prospective students through the admissions process to include registration completion. Demonstrate the ability to work collaboratively in a team focused environment to meet the needs of the prospective students and the Academic Partner. 
 Specific duties and responsibilities include but are not limited to the following. Other duties and responsibilities may be assigned. 
 Responsibilities: 
Build and manage mature, active pipeline of leads. 
 Communicate with prospective students via call campaigns, emails, and faxes regarding the Program. 
 Advise prospective students using a consultative process. 
 Guide students through the admissions process with the goal of determining if the program is a fit for their educational needs. 
 Effectively follow departmental lead management guidelines for all leads. 
 Utilize database tools to efficiently track each interaction and the progress of all assigned leads. 
 Achieve daily efficiency metrics pertaining to Speed to Lead, Call Volume, Talk Time, 1 st Time Contacts, and New Applications as established by the Director of Recruitment Services and/or the AD of Recruitment Services. 
 Achieves enrollment targets assigned per program. 
 Effectively communicate industry trends, quality of leads, and program updates for appropriate cross-functional and departmental team members. 
 Actively participate in weekly meeting rhythms being prepared to discuss performance data, prospective applicant concerns, and creative solutions to enhance team performance. 
 Conduct a self-audit to ensure efficiency and consistency of data base. 
 Monitor application process to ensure effective communication in tandem with application deadlines. 
 Implement an email cultivation strategy designed to re-engage leads that have fallen to inactive statuses. 
 Maintain minimum standard data base audit scores. 
 Review previous term’s conversion metrics to forecast future enrollment metrics 
 Update data base system to reflect current/upcoming term information (email templates, enrollment periods, filters, etc.) 
 Requires the ability to work a flexible schedule, weekends, evenings to accommodate student, departmental and company’s needs. This may include working more than 40 hours a week, at overtime compensation rate. 
 Qualifications 
 4-year degree from an accredited institution, OR appropriate combination of education and significant experience. 
 Experience within education, inside sales, outside sales or customer service preferred. 
 Knowledge of or experience in higher education and/or college admissions and recruitment beneficial but not required. 
 Exemplary verbal and written communication skills. 
 Ability to work evenings, and weekends as business needs dictate. 
 Benefits 
 Employee focused culture 
 Health benefits start immediately 
 Tuition assistance 
 Pet Insurance 
 401K with Company Match 
 Paid volunteer days 
 16 weeks paid parental leave 
 Personal, Vacation, and Sick time 
 Growth Opportunities 
 Learn more about our benefits by visiting our website:  https://pearsonbenefitsus.com/ 
 Primary Location:  US-FL-Orlando 
 Other Locations CA-ON-North York, US-AZ-Chandler, US-IL-Elk Grove Village 
 Work Locations:  US-FL-Orlando-2145 Metro Center 2145 Metro Center Orlando 32835 
 Job:  Customer Service 
 Organization:  North America 
 Employee Status:  Regular Employee 
 Job Type:  Standard 
 Shift:  Day Job 
 Job Posting:  Dec 1, 2020 
 Job Unposting:  Ongoing 
 Schedule:  Full-time Regular 
 Req ID:  2011100 
 Pearson is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer and a member of E-Verify. All qualified applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
