Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 Great Entry Level Careers in Healthcare That Don’t Require a College Degree 
 Allen Carlwood    28th August    Career   Leave a Comment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Great%20Entry%20Level%20Careers%20in%20Healthcare%20That%20Don%E2%80%99t%20Require%20a%20College%20Degree%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fcareer%2Fgreat-entry-level-careers-in-healthcare-that-dont-require-a-college-degree%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Are you getting ready to embark on a college career? Or maybe you feel you’re at a dead-end job and you need something better? There is no doubt  the healthcare field is something that is trending  when it comes to some of the hottest jobs out there. Most offer great advancements for those who showcase the right talent. 
 If you don’t feel like you’re cut out to be a nurse, doctor or physician’s assistant, you don’t have to spend years and thousands of dollars on your education to gain a great entry-level career in healthcare. Here are just a few careers that don’t necessarily require a degree and courses that can be completed in a rather short amount of time: 
 Medical Assistant 
 Do you have an interest in working directly with patients in a clinical setting, but don’t want to be a nurse? Being a medical assistant is a great way to get your foot in the door in a doctor’s office without having to have years of professional training. Most medical assistant programs are certificates and can be completed in less than 24 months. Many trade schools and community colleges offer medical assistant programs. You’ll learn some of the basic fundamentals of working in a medical office, including how to: 
 
 Take patient vital signs 
 Prep patients for an examination by the doctor 
 Assist the doctor with a medical procedure 
 Carry out an ECG, and learning the fundamentals of  how to read an electrocardiogram 
 Perform some diagnostic testing 
 Remove sutures and change dressings 
 Give injections of certain medications 
 Sterilize medical equipment 
 
 There are many roles that the MA plays in the clinical setting. You can find a job in a medical office, hospital or clinic, but keep in mind that at each facility, your job role may be slightly different. Medical assistants are also trained to work in the front office as well—answering phone calls, filing patient charts away properly and addressing patient related issues as they arise in the clinical setting. 
 Certified Nursing Assistant or Aid 
 Another clinical position in the medical field that does not involve a college degree is a certified nursing assistant or CNA. Typically this is a certificate program that is offered at a community college or tech center. You are taught all of the fundamentals of taking care of patients who need nursing assistant care. Similar to a medical assistant, you will also be trained to identify medical conditions, how to care for patients who may be unable to care for themselves. One of the fundamentals is being able to address a patient’s ADLs or  activities for daily living , such as bathing, dressing and taking care of their basic needs. After you achieve your certificate, you’ll need to become state certified. From there, you can work in a nursing home, hospital setting or directly at the patient’s home. 
 Phlebotomist 
 If you enjoy the direct contact with patients and want to work in a clinical setting, drawing blood may be a career for you. A phlebotomist is trained through a local community college or private technical center. You’ll learn the basic fundamentals of blood, blood drawing and understanding how venipuncture works. Finger and heel pricks may also be part of the training. The main goal of a phlebotomist is to successfully collect the blood and send it off the lab for diagnostic results and prepare the patient for transfusions, donations or research purposes. 
 Ultrasound Technician 
 Becoming an ultrasound technician is a  rewarding career  if you want to venture into the medical field. Courses range from just a few months at a technical center to achieve a certificate in the field. Here you will learn all of the basic fundamentals and familiarities with the machine and how to prep the patient. It’s basic and good if you are wishing to get in on the ground floor of this career. Ultrasound technology advances all the way to getting an associates or bachelors degree in the field. You’ll train to learn more advancements in the field and to be able to work more independently on a variety of machines in different clinical specialty settings. 
 If you’re looking to get into the clinical medical field, there are many opportunities to do so. You can mix and match your skill set, so your resume will be more attractive to potential employers. 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 _ _ Email Post 
 _ _ Print Post 
 Share Post 
 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     Create a PDF Resume from LinkedIn  
  _ _     15 Tips to Rock Your Career  
  _ _     How to Use LinkedIn to Find a New Job  
 
 Discussion 
 
 0 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 No Comments yet, be the first! 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
