__ 
   
 __ 
   
 
 
 Find a Job 
 
 
 Who’s Hiring 
 
 
 Start Hiring 
 
 
 Jobseeker Login 
 
 
 Employer Login 
 
 
 Post a job 
 
 
   twitter 
 
 
   linkedin 
 
 
 Find a Job 
 
 
 Who’s Hiring 
 
 
 Start Hiring 
 
 
 Jobseeker Login 
 
 
 Employer Login 
 
 
 Post a job 
 
 
 Search 
   
 5 Reasons a Remote Job Could Be for You 
 Find out why a remote job can make you happy and healthy! From increasing productivity to avoiding commuting to work life balance to going location independent. 
 Have you ever dreamed of working remotely? 
 Would you like to trade your commute and gossipy cowokers for more freedom, more productivity, and a better sense of achievement? 
 You're not alone here. 
 In a recent survey,  74% employees  showed interest in switching to remote job even if they are offered the same salary. But here are some  high paying remote jobs . 
 Remote working isn't for everyone, but it could be for you. 
 Increase Your Productivity 
 Picture this: you’re at home, sitting in a comfortable chair at your desk, and taking a sip from your favorite coffee mug. In your home office you can create your dream workspace and you can start taking the steps for the life you truly deserve and want. 
 53% of U.S. employees  are dissatisfied with their employment, so it's very normal to feel detached from the day-to-day work. Imagine the effect this detachment has on efficiency and overall results. 
 The goal of every job seeker is to find a job that is always satisfactory, whether it adds value to your career, or the money is better, or the company treats you right. But you should always aim at choosing what kind of work you want to do, because it really makes a big difference! 
 Avoid the Commute with a Remote Job 
 Did you know that the average office worker sits around 7 to 9 hours a day?  According to the research , daily commuting to work decreases your physical activity level, affects your cardiorespiratory fitness and increases your blood pressure. 
 Avoid the stressful daily commute and use this time to get more sleep, work out or meditate at home. So, start your day on the right foot – whatever that means for you. 
 Work Life Balance 
 Reality check! you can never get back the time you could have spent with your loved ones that you spent commuting to the office. 
 Working from home gives you plenty of chances to spend quality time socializing and being with the people who matter to you.  A U.S. study  has shown that 87% of remote employees have experienced a positive impact on social life since moving to working from home. 
 Go Location Independent 
 Imagine living in a place you love while you are working for your dream company. That’s possible! You can work your dream job without having to leave your home. 
 That means you can choose the environment in which you want to work, which helps you optimize how you work. You can choose a comfortable and stress-free spot. Beach, mountains, life on the town? It is yours if you want it. 
 Be Healthy, Physically and Mentally 
 Working from home has its own health benefits. You don’t have to rush out to leave at the certain time, no more traffic hassles or the stress of missing a train. 
 All that means you have more time for yourself in the morning as it’s not wasted on a commute. I use my morning time to meditate and go for a walk if the weather permits. This helps me start my day with a positive attitude. Extra exercise or meditation for 15 to 20 minutes a day may also have major health benefits, and those who work remotely know how to find the time to get out. 
 Twitter Facebook Linkedin Pinterest email 
 For Job Seekers 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 You must be  logged in  to post a comment. 
 Job Alerts 
 Subscribe 
 By clicking this button, you consent to receive emails about new jobs that relate to your search criteria. Remember: you can cancel these email alerts at any time. 
 __Thank you for signing up! 
 Job Categories 
 
   Staffing & Recruiting 
   IT Architecture 
   Big Data Analytics 
   Media & Publishing 
   DevOps 
   E-Commerce 
   App Development 
   Networking 
   Civil Engineering 
   Manufacturing 
   Biotech & Pharma 
   Sales 
   Energy 
   IT Consulting & Pre-Sales 
 Marketing 
   Financial Services 
 Finance 
 Education 
   Wireless & Telecom 
   Content Marketing 
   Legal Services 
   Virtualization 
   Cloud Computing 
   IT Security 
   Non-Profit Organization 
 Human Resources 
   Consumer Goods 
   ERP Solutions 
   Management Consulting 
   Software Sales 
   IT Support 
   Renewables 
   Point of Sale Solutions 
 Construction 
 
 __ 
 Contract Type 
 
 Analyst 
 Architecture 
 Customer support 
 Data Science 
 Design 
 DevOps 
 Engineering 
 ERP Consulting 
 Full Time 
 Part Time 
 Product Management 
 QA & Testing 
 Research 
 Software 
 
 
 (C) 2021 WorkTheNorth | Powered by  Careerleaf Job Board Software 
 v.3.5.28-67-g06e5c43 
 
 The View from Everywhere 
 Privacy Policy 
 Terms and Conditions 
 About Us 
 Contact Us 
 
 __ 
 We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok 
