
 __801-889-1430 
 __info@workglue.com 
 
   
 
 Home 
 Pricing 
 Feature Details 
 
 COVID-19 Employee Certification 
 
 
 About 
 
 Press 
 Blog 
 Contact 
 
 
 Login 
 Schedule a Demo 
 Support 
 
 Select Page 
 Workglue Adds Daily Job Log 
 Apr 9, 2019 |  News ,  Workglue Support 
 DAILY JOB LOGS 
 Workglue now includes a daily job log feature that lets you capture photos and notes in one convenient place, using your phone. Each day's log record automatically appears in the job folder under a special category. If you've been putting off signing up for Workglue, this feature alone makes it worth the price, and it's so easy you'll be using it immediately. 
 To get started just open the Workglue web app on your phone. (If you haven't started using the web app yet check in with us for a quick training session.) 
 Tap the three dots on the top right of the HOME page: 
 
 Tap the button called Daily Job Log: 
 
 Pick a job and write some notes - or, better yet, use the features of your phone to speak your notes and save the typing: 
 
 After entering some notes you'll have the option of uploading photos. Then, in the Workglue website go to the Job Detail page and look in the job's documents folder: 
 
 Even if you don't need a daily or weekly job log, maybe you can use this for before-and-after documentation, or anything else where you want to keep a group of notes and photos together. 
 If you are already using our mobile web app, then you are ready to go - just tap on the three dots and you should be able to figure out the rest. 
 If you want to schedule some training to learn more about this and all of the other recent features:  https://workglue.com/schedule-a-demo/ 
Select a date and time when we can schedule an online meeting. 
 What our customers say about us… 
 7984 South 1300 East, Sandy, Utah 84094 
Phone:  801-889-1430 
Email:  info@workglue.com 
 QUICK LINKS 
 
 Home 
 About Us 
 Contact 
 Feature Details 
 Pricing 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 Workglue Inc. All rights reserved. 
 Terms of Service  |  Privacy Policy 
 
  Facebook  
  Twitter  
  Instagram  
  linkedin  
 
