Search 
 Search for: 
 
  Michael G. Sheppard  
 
 Menu Skip to content 
 
 Michael G. Sheppard 
 Michael's Blogs 
 Contact Michael 
 
 Open Search 
 3 Tips for Veterans Transitioning to a Civilian Job 
 Leaving the service in the pursuit of a civilian job can be daunting. After being apart of the military for quite some time it can be challenging to leave the uniform in the closet. Although employment opportunities for veterans have improved over the years, it can still be difficult to land a job. In April of 2015, veterans had an unemployment rate of 6.9% compared to non-veterans with a rate of 4.9%. However, using the right tips, any veteran will be able to claim victory as they transition into the civilian working world. 
 Prepare Yourself 
 The job hunt is no easy task. Job hunting can take anywhere from a few months or even years. It can even become more challenging when a job requires a post-secondary education that you put on the back burner. Set yourself short-term and long-term goals and stick with them. For example, a short-term goal could be reorganizing your resume and a long-term goal could be going back to school to get a bachelors. 
 To show your experience, training, and military service to possible employers, print out copies of your Report of Separation and Verification of Military Experience and Training. Along with that, be sure to include any transcripts detailing any military training or coursework you may have completed. All of these things will be helpful in filling out your resume. 
 Showcase Your Character 
 While it is important to document your certifications and experiences, employers are looking to see how you have applied your skills in real life situations. Use your cover letter, resume, and interview as a way for you to illustrate that you have t he skills that employers are looking for . Emphasize any situations where you took the lead or how you created a solution when no one else did. 
 Reach Out and Network 
 After leaving the military, don’t be afraid to reach out to family, friends, or old comrades. Any one of your connections can lead you to your next job. If you are still having trouble with networking, you can turn to the help of numerous groups and organizations that support veterans in their job search. Veterans Support Organization, America Wants You, AMVETS are a few other options. 
 Although finding a civilian job can be intimidating if you treat it like a mission you will be able to succeed. Preparing yourself, showcasing your character, and expanding your network will all help you in taking the next step in your career. 
 
 Originally published at   michaelgsheppard.net   on December 28, 2018. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 __ 
 Michael G. Sheppard 
 Michael Sheppard is the General Counsel attorney for the Professional Educators Foundation in Brentwood, Tennessee. With over thirty years of professional and legal experience, his objective in every case is to serve as a medium in providing his clients with the best representation. Currently, as an educational lawyer, Michael sees himself as a soldier in the fight for education equity. No matter what the case, no matter what the situation, Michael believes in providing teachers the necessary aid and support in ensuring the best education for our youth’s future. 
  __Author archive    __Author website 
 __December 28, 2018 
 __ Veteran Affairs 
 __ army ,  career ,  military ,  Veteran Affairs ,  veterans 
  Previous post     Next post  
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Learn More About Michael Here: 
 
 Michael G. Sheppard Personal Blog 
 Michael G. Sheppard Professional Website 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 4 Common Myths About Veterans 
 How Service Dogs Can Help Veterans with PTSD 
 3 Tips for Veterans Transitioning to a Civilian Job 
 Benefits and Programs for Female Veterans 
 5 Ways to Give Back to a Veteran This Holiday Season 
 
 Search for: 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Up ↑ 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
