
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Department Head - Computer Science 
 The University of Texas at Dallas 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Department Head - Computer Science 
 The University of Texas at Dallas 
 [](mailto:?subject=Department%20Head%20%2D%20Computer%20Science&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/14071988/department-head-computer-science/ "Email")  
 Application 
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 November 4, 2020 
 Location: 
 Richardson, Texas 
 __ Show Map 
 Salary: 
 Open 
 Posting Number:  F00376P 
 Department:  Computer Science 
 Salary Range:  Negotiable 
 Pay Basis:  Monthly 
 Position Status:  Regular full-time 
 Location:  Richardson 
 Job Description: 
 The Erik Jonsson School of Engineering and Computer Science at The University of Texas at Dallas (UT Dallas) invites applications or nominations for the position of Department Head of Computer Science (CS) starting Fall 2021. The ideal candidate will be an accomplished leader with a broad and inclusive vision to meet the department's bold goals in research, education, and outreach. He or she will have a distinguished record of scholarship and administrative leadership. They must have academic credentials that merit appointment as a tenured full professor, including a comprehensive academic record in research, teaching, and service. The successful candidate should have a proven record to lead a complex organization and to leverage growth opportunities, including a demonstrated commitment to diversity and inclusion. The Department Head is expected to foster an environment in which faculty, staff and students from a variety of backgrounds, cultures and personal experiences are welcomed and can thrive. Equally important, the candidate must effectively represent the department across the University, as well as foster strong relationships with industry representatives, government and community leaders, donors and alumni. Individuals from underrepresented populations are strongly encouraged to apply. 
 The CS Department at UT Dallas has experienced unprecedented growth over the last decade. The department currently has 51 tenured/tenure-track and 40 faculty of instruction, about 4,600 students including 3,600 undergraduate students, and 1,000 graduate students. The department offers B.S., M.S., and Ph.D. degrees in Computer Science, Software Engineering as well as in interdisciplinary fields such as Telecom Engineering and Computer Engineering. The department also offers an Executive M.S. in Software Engineering and an interdisciplinary M.S. in cyber security, technology and policy as well as a B.S. in data science. The undergraduate curriculum is tailored to meet the highest standards of computer science and software engineering education, providing top level instruction in traditional and contemporary areas, and making our students highly sought after following their graduation. The department is home to several NSF CAREER and multiple DoD (AFOSR, ARO) Young Investigator awards as well as NSF IUCRC, DoD MURI, MRI, DURIP, NSF Scholarship for Service (SFS) and other research, education and capacity development awards from several federal agencies. The department has faculty members who are elected fellows of organizations such as the ACM, IEEE, AAAS, NAI (National Academy of Inventors) and the IACR (International Association for Cryptologic Research) and have received several technical and faculty awards including from the ACM, IEEE, IBM, Google, and Amazon. The department is consistently highly ranked in CSrankings.org and second among the universities in the UT System in the US News and World Report. The department is housed in a spacious 150,000 square foot facility and has excellent computing equipment and support. It has a number of centers and institutes, particularly, in the areas of cyber security, artificial intelligence, machine learning, human language technology, software engineering, assistive technologies and net-centric software. For details of the accomplishments of the department, visit https://cs.utdallas.edu/. 
 The Jonsson School, home to six dynamic departments (biomedical, computer science, electrical and computer, materials science, mechanical, and systems), is one of the most rigorous, technologically advanced and diverse programs in the country. Close connections exist between all of these departments and local industry giving our students exceptional internship and employment opportunities. We serve as an economic engine of growth and innovation for North Texas with our focus on industry-relevant research and education. To that end, teams from our corporate-sponsored capstone program, UTDesign®, have taken top honors at national competitions in recent years, as well as founded startups. The Jonsson School has a legacy of inclusion, ranking in the top in the nation of number of degrees awarded to women in our oldest programs – computer science and electrical engineering. 
 UT Dallas is located in the suburb of Richardson, in the heart of North Texas. The Times Higher Education ranks UT Dallas as #1 in the nation and #21 in the world among universities under 50 years of age. Since its founding in 1969, UT Dallas has grown to include 140 degree programs. The University has recently undergone a period of substantial growth including enrollment increases of 144% since 2000, a total of 3.5 million new or renovated square feet, and $1 billion in development as of 2016. For more information, visit www.utdallas.edu. 
 Review of applications will begin February 1, 2021 and will continue until the position is filled. Complete applications will include a cover letter, current CV, research statement, statement of teaching philosophy, teaching evaluations (if available), statement of administrative philosophy and accomplishments, statement of diversity and inclusion, and contact information for five references. 
 Minimum Qualifications: 
 Terminal degree in the academic discipline and a record of productivity and professional achievement. 
 Preferred Education and Experience: 
 An earned doctorate in computer science or a closely related field is required. Supervisory and administrative experience is a plus. 
 Important Message: 
 
 
 All employees serve as a representative of the University and are expected to display respect, civility, professional courtesy, consideration of others and discretion in all interactions with members of the UT Dallas community and the general public. 
 
 
 UT Dallas does not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, sex (including pregnancy), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, national origin, disability, genetic information, or veteran status in its programs and activities, including in admission and enrollment. For inquiries regarding non-discrimination policies, contact the Director of Institutional Equity at InstitutionalEquity@utdallas.edu or the Title IX Coordinator at TitleIXCoordinator@utdallas.edu, or call 972-883-5331. 
 
 
 
 
 Internal Number: 15006 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About The University of Texas at Dallas 
 The University of Texas at Dallas is an innovative institution in the heart of North Texas on the path to achieving Tier One national research university status.UT Dallas has grown since its founding in 1969 to include 132 degree programs, with cutting-edge curricula serving a variety of undergraduate and graduate student interests.The University continues its original commitment to providing some of the state's most-lauded science and engineering programs and has also gained prominence for a breadth of educational paths, from criminology to biomedical engineering to arts and technology.The wealth of learning resources available to UT Dallas students is the result of a concentrated effort to attract the top minds on both ends of the classroom relationship. Joining the faculty's Nobel laureate and four National Academies members since 2005 are more than 200 tenure and tenure-track professors hailing from the world's best colleges, including Harvard, MIT, Cambridge and Columbia University. In addition, UT Dallas is home to more than 50 centers, labs and institutes that facilitate research and opportunities for hands-on learning. Students, meanwhile, arrive at UT Dallas well-prepared ...to succeed in higher education: In 2011, nearly 39 percent of freshmen ranked in the top 10 percent of their high school class, and 75 percent ranked in the top 25 percent.With an eye on building a future as bright as its beginnings, UT Dallas will continue its push to attain Tier One research university status and produce graduates who are well-equipped to succeed professionally. 
 Show more 
 Show less 
 Connections working at The University of Texas at Dallas 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 More Jobs Like This 
 
 
 
 Assistant Controller, Accounting and Financial Mgmt Services 
 __  Rochester, New York 
 
 
 
 
 Rochester Institute of Technology 
 __1 Month Ago 
 
 
 Environmental, Safety, and Health (ESH) Manager 
 __  Upton, New York 
 
 
 Brookhaven National Laboratory 
 __1 Month Ago 
 
 
 Maintenance Mechanic I 
 __  Rochester, New York 
 
 
 Rochester Institute of Technology 
 __1 Month Ago 
 
 
 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
