GRN Czech 
 This blog is dedicated to expert advice on career development and recruitment proces. Also, we will provide some information about headhunting. 
   
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About GRN Czech 
 Contact 
 
 Tag Archives: career development 
   
 Job Hunting Basics 
 November 20, 2013  by  grnczech 
 **The internet is full of all kinds of advice regarding job hunting. You can find various tips and advice: cover letter do’s and don’ts, body language tips, CV tailoring advice, lists of the most popular interview questions with clever answers and so much more. Trust us – by taking a little time to plan, study and prepare, you can make all the difference in your job hunt. It will take 5 minutes to finish this article, but we dare say - after internalizing and implementing the following 7 suggestions, you will be one huge step closer to success in moving your career forward! 
** 
 
 Have you already tried these tips? Yes or No, it is worth reading further! 
 Looking for a job can be frustrating. At times you might feel that there’s nothing available. And if there is, you are competing with a big group of other professionals. Landing your dream job can be a winding road. That said, it’s good to remember something: You can’t have an effect on what the other candidates do. Instead, you can make sure that you are not one of those applicants who are eliminating themselves in some very basic ways. The following 7 steps will help you make the most of your job hunting efforts. 
 
 **** 1. Do the research and approach your ideal companies.  Get to know where you want to work and set out to do some intensive research. Read and learn about the company's products and services & gain knowledge of the industry. Don’t just wait for a miracle to happen – instead, pull your finger out, contact the companies and start networking! 
 
 2. Take care of your social media presence.  Be reasonable and stay reachable – optimize your LinkedIn profile and make sure to add your contact information. 
 **** 
 3. Be accurate and use metrics on your CV.  Don’t just tell what were your tasks in your previous job – let them know how good you were! List your accomplishments. Use numbers to express your success.  (Check out the GRN CV sample !) 
 
 4. Edit and edit, and then – check, check, check!  Make sure you have edited and sorted your CV to impress the companies you are interested in. Don’t just check your CV and cover letter once or twice, but multiple times. Misspellings, grammatical errors are not only one of the simplest but most typical blunders that candidates make. 
 
 5. Practice and prepare!  It’s important to feel confident before stepping into the interview room. Practicing and rehearsing is the best way to get prepared for an interview. Ask a friend to play the role of the interviewer, think how you can present the best of you. Come up with impressive questions to ask from the hiring manager. 
 
 **** 6. Be on time and presentable.  Find out what's the company dress code and stick with it -- maybe even a notch better. Don’t go overboard, though, finding you're uncomfortable. However, be careful not to be too casual. Dressing successfully (or unsuccessfully) can make or break an interview. 
 **** 
 7.  Last, but not least:  Follow-Up!  Send a thank you email after the interview. Express your fit for the role and your desire to have that job. 
 
 Regarding the Job Hunt – or actually anything in life – one thing is always good to remember: Make a big difference by having a "Can-Do" attitude! I would say good luck, but you know – usually it’s not really about being fortunate - we make our own fortune! 
 
 Prepared by Sini Suutari, Social Media Coordinator at GRN Czech. 
 Posted in  Career Coaching ,  Publications  |  Tagged  career development ,  GRN Czech ,  how to write a CV ,  job search  |   Leave a comment  |     
 Welcome to the blog of GRN Czech! 
 September 12, 2012  by  grnczech 
 Welcome to the blog of GRN – Global Recruiters of Czech Republic! 
 We want this blog to be a place for expert advice on career development and the recruitment process. We would like to also inform you here about our current activities. 
 GRN – Global Recruiters of Czech Republic  is a boutique executive search and recruitment firm specializing in Mid to Executive level searches. We are focused on the Central & Eastern Europe market, while our headquarter is located in Prague, Czech Republic. 
 The GRN Czech  team is comprised of highly committed and work dedicated recruitment professionals, who are always delighted to discover new talents for&in the CEE job market. 
 If you are looking for  useful tips and expert advice  on everything from your job search, tailoring your CV and cover letters to personal career development this is the right place. You will also find here some useful information regarding our activities or supported events in Prague. 
 Feel free to follow and comment on our posts! 
 GRN Czech team 
 Posted in  Publications  |  Tagged  career development ,  job search ,  welcome  |   Leave a comment  | 
 Post navigation 
 
 RSS Feed 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Google Plus 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Get To Know Us: Inés Gómez, our Project Coordinator  August 10, 2015 
 Get To Know Us: Indira Davitadze, our Social Media Coordinator  August 5, 2015 
 Get to know us: Alab Narang, our UX Coordinator  June 22, 2015 
 Get to know us: Martina Cupova, our Social Media Coordinator  June 18, 2015 
 Get to know us: Vedran Devčić, our Project Coordinator  February 10, 2015 
 Ask the Headhunter #4  December 8, 2014 
 7 Tips for the “Education" section of your CV  November 6, 2014 
 Ask the Headhunter #4  October 16, 2014 
 Ask the Headhunter #3  September 26, 2014 
 Get to know us: Richard van Horssen, our new Project Coordinator  September 10, 2014 
 Ask the Headhunter #2  September 3, 2014 
 Ask The Headhunter #1  August 19, 2014 
 Get to know us: Siiri Lietu, Social Media Coordinator  July 25, 2014 
 University Times Are Over – Here Comes the Reality!  May 14, 2014 
 GRN CV Tips, part V: Eye-Catching CV Summary - Get That Interview!  March 19, 2014 
 
 Tags 
 Asktheheadhunter   auction   business conversation   career coaching   career development   CEO   charity   charity bazaar   cold-calling   conversation   curiosity questions   CV   CV photo   Dejme dětem šanci   divoke husy   education   follow -up   Get to know us   GRN CV tips   GRN Czech   headhunter   history   hoel hilton   how to extend conversation   how to talk   how to write a CV   increasing talk   infographic CV   infographic resume   intern   internship   interview   interview mistakes   introduction   jakub fiala   job search   kazaa   letni dum   LinkedIn   Michael Rainey   Project Coordinator   Přemysl Gubani   re.vu   recruiter   recruitment   resume   social media   top business trends   vizalise.me   welcome 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 August 2015 
 June 2015 
 February 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 May 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 November 2013 
 September 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 September 2012 
 
 Search 
 Search 
 Categories 
 
 Career Coaching 
 Publications 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
