Passports and Preguntas 
 Adventures of an Adult Adoptee 
 Menu Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 How? 
 Where? 
 Who? 
 
 
 Tag Archives: job hunting 
 Seriously, Ang, where the hell are you? 
 Leave a reply 
 Oh, hi. Yeah. I'm still here. 
 I haven't forgotten about you all. I apologize for being missing for like, two months. Been busy. 
 Earlier this summer I worked for a nice woman in my hometown. She had eye surgery and needed someone to do her gardening since she wasn't allowed to bend over. Something about blood in her eyes? Very strange and quite frustrating for her. But we had fun. I weeded and planted herbs and flowers and watered flowers and snuggled with her two outside cats. Not a bad way to spend the summer! I learned a lot from her and have been grateful for her friendship. 
 I've also been working in my own garden. I planted acorn and butternut squash, zukes and cukes, eggplant, green peppers, and like, eight tomato plants! The hot peppers didn't make it. Nor did the fennel. But I have green leafy lettuce and kale and basil too. And CARROTS!!!! They're so damn cute when they first sprout. It's always a surprise when the first greens poke their heads out of the black dirt. I don't tend the garden too much. I'm a plant-and-see kind of gardener. I did make a concoction recommended by my Garden Friend to combat the grasshoppers. Mix water, Dawn soap, and stinky things like garlic salt, cayenne, and onion powder. Spray it on the leaves of the plants. The stinkies repel the bugs, and the Dawn makes the stuff stick to the leaves. Seemed to work pretty well! Ya know there's just something so satisfying about going down to the garden to collect lunch. 
 I've also been working around my hometown a bit. It's fun. Helping out with events and concerts. Visited friends in Minnesota. Overall, except for the lack of a real job and tangible benefits, it's been a good summer. Oh! And I went to Florida! Oh, I'll write about that soon. That's worth its own post. 
 I'm still hunting for a job. I decided not to give up. A few ideas are quite promising… And I've been working on something pretty awesome for the long term… Not gonna talk about it until after the test happens because I don't want to jinx myself too much. Lots of studying to do yet. 
 Future posts to include ideas and stories about my Florida trip, my favorite season, and turning another year older. Stay tuned! 
 This entry was posted in  Job Search - Life Path  and tagged  DIY gardening ,  flowers ,  gardening ,  job hunting ,  planting ,  vegetables ,  weeding  on  24/09/2013  by  Angela . 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 What happens when a(n adoptive) parent dies? 
 So, what happened to you since we last heard from you, Angela? 
 Where have you been?! 
 Okay, what's your resolution for 2014, Ang? 
 What's gotten you in such a huff? 
 
 Archives 
 Archives Select Month January 2021  January 2014  December 2013  October 2013  September 2013  May 2013  April 2013  March 2013  February 2013  January 2013  December 2012  November 2012 
 Categories 
 
 Adoptee Stuff 
 Blog Business 
 General Happiness 
 General Sadness 
 Job Search - Life Path 
 
 Blogs I Follow 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Administrative Stuff 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
  Create a website or blog at WordPress.com  
 snippetsandsnaps 
 Potato Point and beyond 
 WE THE LEES 
 Debbie's Midwestern Kitchen 
 Here's what's happening in my kitchen and a little on the side :) 
 Challa-peño 
 My Mexican, American, Hungarian, Jewish stories and Recipes 
 Year Without God 
 a former pastor's journey into atheism 
 Global Grabers 
 Beyond Two Worlds 
 Musings of a Taiwanese-American Adoptee 
 The adopted ones blog 
 Two adoptees - one vocal the other not so much... 
 Red Thread Broken 
 Exposing the red thread myth in relation to adoption 
 Light of Day Stories 
 this is... The Neighborhood 
 the Story within the Story 
 Curly Miri 
 Antics & Adventures 
 A Live Coal in the Sea 
 "But all the wickedness in the world which man may do or think is no more to the mercy of God than a live coal dropped in the sea." –William Langland 
 smilecalm 
 Life through Mindful Media 
 Cristian Mihai 
 writes a short story every week 
 evoL = 
 Allies for equality. 
 Wardrobe Oxygen 
 Charlotte Hoather 
 Soprano 
 Already Pretty | Where style meets body image 
 Adventures of an Adult Adoptee 
 mavbocanegra 
 A Colombian Heart with a Minnesota Life and Gods Rainbow of Promise 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
