Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Nurse Advisor 
 Rexall Pharmacy Group Ltd 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 What Is the Prescription For A Great Career? 
 At Rexall, we are community difference makers. Our hearts skip a beat when we meet talent who sees the bigger picture and wants to make an impact in our communities, our teams, and our business. This means finding even better ways to work, share ideas, and making a material difference in the Rexall journey. 
 We are leaders in health and wellness and a talent destination for over 7000+ Rexall team members. We are proud to be part of the McKesson family, ranked fifth in the fortune 500. Together, we are defining better health through innovation, service, and living the “ICARE” values. Talk about a dream team! 
 The road ahead is one of adventure and heart. Are you our next all star? 
 The Mission:  Part-Time Nurse Advisor (1' day a week) 
 Reporting to the Pharmacy Manager, the Nurse Advisor uses their expertise to provide assistance and support to the Long-Term Care (LTC) staff including management. The ideal candidate will work collaboratively with various professional stakeholders including the Rexall Health Solutions Team particularly clinical pharmacists in promoting patient focused services and clinical consultation to improve the quality of care for our patients. 
 Principal Responsibilities: 
 
 Support the nursing staff and Director of Care (DOC) of LTC home in implementing best practice guidelines 
 Understand the LTC Nursing home regulations and assist in promoting awareness and compliance 
 Provide education for nursing staff in using Resident Assessment Instrument (RAI-MDS) with respect to medication management. 
 Present nursing homes with monthly stats (as graphs) on medication use - prn meds, antibiotics, opioids, antipsychotics and polypharmacy 
 Support in developing and implementing nursing home policy and procedures 
 Assist nursing staff during LTC home accreditation process 
 Assist with accreditation gap analysis and action plan to address gaps in medication management standards 
 Establish network for Rexall LTC homes for best practice 
 Perform random audit of Medication Administration Record (MAR) 
 Assist with wound management and conduct audits on wound care 
 Visit independent clients for assessment including taking their blood pressure. If applicable, work with the pharmacists for recommendation on the appropriate OTC products for clients 
 Assist pharmacist in medication review 
 Liaise between home and pharmacy to develop and implement action plan to correct medication errors 
 Work with DOC to resolve nurse initiated medication errors 
 Support in education related to onboarding (filling out forms, sending out forms) 
 Be familiar with RHS SOPs and user manuals to perform level one troubleshooting on hardware and equipment, and/or properly escalate issues to pharmacy 
 Perform other duties as assigned to support Rexall Pharmacy Group Ltd. 
 
 Knowledge, skills and experience: 
 
 Registered with the Provincial College of Nurses and is a member in good standing. 
 University Degree combined with valid Provincial nursing license. 
 Minimum 3 years of clinical experience in the long-term care environment. 
 Advanced knowledge of Point Click Care (PCC), Med-e-Care, Senior Care and Catalyst preferred. 
 Excellent leadership, interpersonal and teaching skills. 
 Strong written and verbal communication skills and presentation skills. 
 Ability to function collaboratively within an interdisciplinary team. 
 Self-directed, works independently and able to effectively lead others to achieve outcomes. 
 Ability to identify potential for patient risk and intervene appropriately. 
 Proven analytical thinking and problem solving skills. 
 Proficient computer skills utilizing MS Office Suites. 
 Demonstrates understanding and complies with patient and staff safety policies and procedures that foster a safe and inclusive environment for all. 
 Ability to perform the essential duties of the job. 
 Effectively uses empathy in interactions with others. 
 Commitment to providing an exceptional experience for staff and clients within a challenging and exciting health care environment. 
 
 Context and Environment: 
 
 This position requires an understanding of the role and scope of practice of nurses in the LTC and retirement homes. 
 The person in this role must have the flexibility to travel if required. 
 Hours are casual, based on the needs of the LTC and retirement homes. 
 
 The Rexall DNA: 
 
 Ready to make an impact  - You are mission-driven and want to make a difference 
 Consensus  - Your people-first mindset shows in all that you do 
 Embraces change  - You move fast and change excites you 
 Drives achievement  - You are wired to always exceed your personal best 
 Overcomes adversity  - You see the world as glass half full and embrace a good challenge 
 Trail blazer  - You love creating the path forward and being able to shape the future 
 Fun  - You think laughter is the best medicine and your positive energy is contagious 
 
 Side effects may include: 
 
 A closely connected culture 
 Competitive compensation, pension, benefits, personal days, employee discounts, and vacation time 
 Fully utilizing your talent 
 Professional growth and development via challenging projects and assignments 
 Warm and fuzzy feelings knowing you have helped your community, your team, the business and social causes through the Rexall Foundation 
 
 Are you #Allin   ? 
 Rexall Pharmacy Group Ltd. is committed to providing an accessible environment for all of our customers, employees, and job applicants. Rexall Pharmacy Group Ltd. will make available to any selected applicants accommodations and/or accessible formats should he/she require. Candidates are encouraged to discuss any accommodation he/she may need in order to allow for the most effective selection process. 
 Job Type: Full-time 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
