Work-At-Home School 
 Latest episode 
 Your browser does not support the audio element. 
 
 New? Start Here 
 Get My Book 
 Blog 
 
 Build Your Skills 
 How To / Tips 
 Success Stories 
 WAH Lifestyle 
 
 
 Resources 
 Podcast 
 Contact 
 
 Guest Contact 
 
 
 
 46: “Living to work” no more, this successful marketing consultant kissed his corporate job goodbye! 
 Podcast 
 19 Nov 
 This content may contain affiliate links which may result in my being financially compensated for purchases site visitors make through said links. 
 
  Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 http://traffic.libsyn.com/workathomeheroes/WAHH046_Rodney_Kwong.mp3 
 Rodney Kwong had had enough of the corporate world and decided to quit his job and go backpacking around the world instead. 
 After a painful experience in Mexico where he was mugged and left penniless, he had to resort to eating two-day-old chicken out of his trash can, something he concluded was STILL better than working his old 9-to-5 job. 
 Upon that realization, Kwong knew there had to be a better way to make a living. 
 Today, he is a successful marketing consultant who helps businesses find their ideal customer through effective sales copy on their websites. 
 Read the transcript of the Work-At-Home Heroes podcast Episode 46  here . 
 Content Sources 
 Interested in a career in proofreading? Visit  Proofread Anywhere  for more information! 
 Free Resources 
 Rodney has two  FREE  bonuses for the Work-At-Home-Heroes community. Make sure you  sign up  for them today! 
 If you haven’t already, be sure to join the  Work-At-Home Heroes  Facebook group! 
 Have a question for Rodney? Connect with him in the  Work-At-Home-Heroes  Facebook group! 
 Thanks for joining us! 
 We’d love to know what you think. 
 Drop a comment below! 
 Got a question for Rodney about this episode? Head over to the Work-At-Home Heroes Facebook page and ask on this  dedicated thread ! 
 Help us reach more people and share the Work-At-Home Heroes stories. Share this conversation on  Twitter ,  Facebook , or  Pinterest . 
 Love us? Subscribe on  Apple Podcasts  or  Stitcher  and leave a review! Caitlin reads each and every review, and this small action really helps us out! 
 RELATED:  20: Homeschooling mom of four teaches her kids full-time and earns money as a general transcriptionist!](https://workathomeschool.com/20-homeschooling-mom-of-four-teaches-her-kids-full-time-and-earns-money-as-a-general-transcriptionist/) 
 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 Leave a Comment 
 Previous Post: « 45: Working full time AND writing on the side, this busy freelancer will soon replace her day job! 
 Next Post: 47: Freelance translator and interpreter turns her skills into a profitable work-from-home business and teaches others to do the same! » 
 Reader Interactions 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Comment 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 
 Primary Sidebar 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Blog 
 Contact Us 
 Guest Post Inquiries 
 WAH Lifestyle 
 Proofread Anywhere 
 Work-At-Home School 
 Work-At-Home Heroes Podcast 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 Caitlin Pyle ·  Terms & Conditions  ·  Privacy Policy  ·  Affiliate Disclaimer 
 Scroll Up 
 We use cookies for various purposes including analytics and personalized marketing. By continuing to use the service, you agree to our use of cookies. -  Cookie Policy 
 I agree 
