
 Home 
 Contact Us 
 About Us 
 Time for Tea Series 
 Livestream 
 Video Feed 
 
 __ 
 __ __ __ 
 
 Home 
 Contact Us 
 About Us 
 Time for Tea Series 
 Livestream 
 Video Feed 
 
 
January 23, 2021 
 
 Explore 
 
 BUSINESS 
 
 Your Money 
 
 
 ENTERTAINMENT 
 
 Movies 
 Music 
 TV 
 
 
 HEALTH 
 LIFE & STYLE 
 MARKETING 
 NEWS 
 TECHNOLOGY 
 THE SHOW 
 VIDEOS 
 
 Daily News 
 Success Stories 
 
 
 
 Breaking News 
 •  Ready For Adventure? Meet The Entrepreneur Ready To Put You On The Right Path 
 •  Biden Immediately Turns To Boosting Federal COVID-19 Response 
 •  Poet Amanda Gorman Leaves CNN's Anderson Cooper 'Transfixed' By Her Personal Mantra 
 •  ‘It’s Just An Attack On Equity’; Social Equity Applicants For Cannabis Home Delivery Question Motives Of Dispensaries Involved In Lawsuit 
 •  6 Career-Damaging Ways We Make Bad Impressions 
 •  Biden Becomes The 46th President, Vowing To Heal And Unite A Nation In Crisis 
 __ 
 
 Home 
 __ NEWS 
 __COVID-19 Is Causing People To Reassess Career Choices: 'The Pandemic Has Required People To Do A Lot Of Soul-Searching' 
 
 NEWS 
 COVID-19 Is Causing People To Reassess Career Choices: 'The Pandemic Has Required People To Do A Lot Of Soul-Searching' 
 
 By  Working Woman Report 
 •   September 9, 2020 
 
 Working Woman Report 
 Working Woman Report is the source for stories about women in business, women in leadership, and news about empowering women. It's updated daily and curated by Emmy Award Winning Journalist, Allison Haunss. 
 
 __ 0 Likes 
 __0 Comments 
 __Print 
 
 Tags 
 Career career choices coronavirus covid_19 furloughs layoffs pandemic 
 By Geoff Baker   The Seattle Times 
 WWR Article Summary (tl;dr)   As Geoff Baker reports, the pandemic has forced a growing number of workers to move outside their comfort zones. After layoffs and furloughs, "many have changed jobs or careers and even returned to school in pursuit of dreams long contemplated." 
 Seattle 
 A layoff during a pandemic was something Alissa Berry was determined to turn into a positive. 
 After more than 20 years in senior manager and director positions for mainly big technology firms, an unemployed Berry in April suddenly had loads of free time to reassess her career. For two months, she analyzed what she was passionate about before landing at a beverage company with fewer than 500 employees. 
 "The biggest thing I did was that I allowed myself to take the time to really sit down and reflect," the Seattle said. "For me, it was really reevaluating what I loved and the values I was looking for in a company. What was it throughout my career that made me happy? And then leverage that to make the biggest impact in my next opportunity." 
 She loved coaching and helping younger colleagues develop their talents. And she wanted a broader impact across all sectors of a company, which isn't always possible in larger firms. 
 A month into her new job as a director of supply chain operations, she's energized about an "exciting and refreshing opportunity" she admittedly wouldn't have otherwise pursued. 
 She's not alone. Layoffs, furloughs and reduced hours for millions during the pandemic has forced a reckoning among workers on why they do what they do. A growing number, forced outside comfort zones, have changed jobs or careers and even returned to school in pursuit of dreams long contemplated. 
 There's no immediate data on how many workers have switched careers during the pandemic; the rate of career swaps declined during the last recession and prior ones. But there's evidence that, unlike those recessions, entire sectors of jobs, especially lower-wage ones, might be lost for good to the pandemic given the shift toward people working from home. 
 The added trauma of the pandemic is also unprecedented and causing people to reevaluate the meaning of their jobs. 
 "The pandemic just kind of exacerbates all of those things that don't work," said Shian Chuan, a Seattle-based leadership coach and consultant for local, national and global clients. "Whether it's your work-life balance, or career choices or lack of career progression, they're all from habits and decisions that piled up. The pandemic has a way of magnifying things that need to be looked at and changed." 
 Scott Cresswell, 44, of Seattle, said losing his logistics management job to pandemic cutbacks in April after 20 years with the Enterprise car rental chain made him ponder a new career. 
 "They told me they wouldn't have any need for my position for possibly years to come," said Cresswell, who'd overseen deployment of Enterprise vehicles across three company departments until demand evaporated with few people traveling. 
 He'd previously contemplated switching careers from the only one he'd known since graduating from Washington State University. But he'd never taken steps. 
 "You get comfortable at a place," Cresswell said. "I don't know if I'd have ever been pushed like now. I do think this has probably pushed me to a place outside my comfort zone that I would not have been had I just continued on. The unknown is scary. But now, you can't avoid the unknown anymore." 
 He'd like to apply his logistics experience, perhaps at a company like Amazon, but is open to a career as a project manager, business analyst or something else new. 
 "I'm hoping I can find something better than I had before," he said. "Maybe this is an opportunity to actually enhance my life." 
 He's had some interviews and more upcoming. If nothing that "pays well" and is "rewarding" materializes, he has a Plan B. 
 While his wife has kept working, Cresswell has home-schooled their sons, Grayson, 10, and Reed, 6. It has made him think about returning to school to become a teacher. 
 "It's something that's always appealed to me," he said. "Especially now, working with the kids and the virtual stuff. I enjoy helping the kids learn." 
 Ryan Davis, executive director of Seattle Jobs Initiative, a nonprofit with programs to prepare people for living-wage careers, said studies suggest the pandemic is accelerating a "fourth industrial revolution" where brick-and-mortar industry jobs simply vanish. Davis has seen an uptick in interest from hotel, restaurant and retail workers and front desk employees in office buildings wanting to shift careers out of fear "the virtualization of work" means their former jobs are not coming back. 
 "I think the unemployment numbers and the disruption we've seen is not something we've been through before," he said. 
 He expects some workers will shift toward in-demand fields like health care. For instance, he's met with owners of assisted-living facilities in need of workers with skills similar to hotel staffers, or department store employees with customer service experience. 
 "There are facilities like senior communities where somebody with a hospitality background would be a great fit," he said. "Or, more clinical settings where that customer service background is really essential and you can just add some specific health care training and have somebody who's a really great employee." 
 Seattle Jobs Initiative is exploring how to provide greater access to digital training so workers with transferable skills can make an easier leap into the technology industry, Davis said. 
 The types of jobs pursued aren't necessarily entry level. In fact, "they could be for people who have gotten that entry-level job already _ maybe even that first promotion, but weren't really deep in that career pathway yet." 
 Leadership coach Chuan said reevaluation of work and life choices during the pandemic isn't limited to those in mid- to latter-career stages. She's seen younger workers wrestling with the same existential issues. 
 Two clients, Eric and Bria Brown of Virginia, aged 29 and 28, are returning to school to pursue more impactful careers. Bria Brown worked in marketing for an orthopedic practice before being recently furloughed. 
 She'll soon attend virtual classes in psychology at the University of Maryland. 
 "Over the years, ever since high school, people have told me I should work in health care, or counseling," she said, adding she listens well to others. "Looking within truly made me think about how I could make a difference in my career. When you're working at everything at a fast pace, you're not really taking the time to think about what you're doing." 
 The couple, who are Black, say the George Floyd killing by Minneapolis police and ensuing protests inspired them to want to make a greater societal impact. Eric Brown has spent seven years as a technologist, but, emboldened by his wife's decision to return to school, will now seek a graduate degree in programming education virtually at Harvard while continuing to work. 
 His goal is leveraging technology to "empower students" through immersive and nontraditional teaching methods, citing virtual classrooms as one example of tech as an education disrupter. 
 "I didn't really think of it when COVID first started," he said. "But after seeing Bria go through that self-reflection, working with Shian (Chuan) ... I asked myself: 'What steps are you going to take to get closer to that person you see yourself to be?"' 
 Chuan said the pandemic created "a lot of positive change" for workers willing to confront fears. She said some worry their goals are unattainable, or that the money won't be there, and settle for status quo at the expense of personal fulfillment. 
 
 1
[ 
 2
](https://workingwomanreport.com/covid-19-is-causing-workers-to-reassess-career-choices-the-pandemic-has-required-people-to-do-a-lot-of-soul-searching/2/) 
 
 Share This Article __ 
 Debra-Lynn B. Hook: Enabling Chocolate 
 Mom Creating Adaptive Clothing Line For Kids 
 Related News 
 
 A Day To Celebrate Remarkable Women 
 
 A Month Of Hell: What May Beckon Yet 
 
 Outer Banks Surfer Girl Mentoring Young Women Through Lessons In The Ocean 
 __ MORE IN NEWS 
 African American women-owned businesses skyrocket 
 READ MORE 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Comment 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 
 Latest Posts 
 
   
 
 Ready For Adventure? Meet The Entrepreneur Ready To Put You On The Right Path 
 * [Jan 22, 2021](https://workingwomanreport.com/2021/01/22/)
* • __ 0
 
 
   
 
 Biden Immediately Turns To Boosting Federal COVID-19 Response 
 * [Jan 22, 2021](https://workingwomanreport.com/2021/01/22/)
* • __ 0
 
 
   
 
 Poet Amanda Gorman Leaves CNN's Anderson Cooper 'Transfixed' By Her Personal Mantra 
 * [Jan 22, 2021](https://workingwomanreport.com/2021/01/22/)
* • __ 0
 
 
   
 
 ‘It’s Just An Attack On Equity’; Social Equity Applicants For Cannabis Home Delivery Question Motives Of Dispensaries Involved In Lawsuit 
 * [Jan 22, 2021](https://workingwomanreport.com/2021/01/22/)
* • __ 0
 
 
   
 
 6 Career-Damaging Ways We Make Bad Impressions 
 * [Jan 21, 2021](https://workingwomanreport.com/2021/01/21/)
* • __ 0
 
 © 2015 Site By:  Lighthouse Digital LLC 
 
 Business 
 ENTERTAINMENT 
 FINANCIAL 
 HEALTH 
 LIFE & STYLE 
 MARKETING 
 NEWS 
 THE SHOW 
 Videos 
 
 Receive weekly news reports from Allison: 
 
