Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Enterprise Applications Administrator 
 Yorkville University 
 __Concord, ON 
 Apply Now 
 The Enterprise Applications Administrator provides support and operational management of the Student Information System (SIS), Contact Management System / SalesForce (CRM) as well as other systems integrated with the SIS including the enterprise scheduling platform and the Moodle Learning Management System (LMS). 
 The incumbent is responsible for the day-to-day operation of the SIS and CRM platforms in per the direction of the Senior Enterprise Applications Admin and Manager, IT Operations. Acting as the technical resource for all departments, the incumbent provides support and configuration change requests, knowledge transfer and training, as well as assistance in data management activities. This individual will be a secondary contact for the SIS/CRM and related systems vendors, co-ordinating updates, patches, support tickets and maintenance windows as required. 
 Additionally, the Enterprise Applications Administrator works in co-ordination with the Business Analyst and ERP Administrator / IT Project Manager to participate in the consumption of change management procedures as projects move into the Operations division. 
 As the primary support resource for these systems, the incumbent connects with staff, faculty and students via the case management system, telephone, online conferencing and in-person as best suited for each particular support inquiry. To assist in managing workloads, this individual leverages the development team, network administrators and other IT staff resources to assist in training, testing and deployment initiatives. 
 The Enterprise Applications Administrator will onboard to the current SIS, an in-house developed Microsoft .NET and SQL application. With extensive population growth planned, the incumbent will be integral in the discovery and implementation of a new enterprise SIS and related systems which is scheduled for go-live in Q1 2020. 
 About Yorkville University 
 Founded in 2004, Yorkville University is a Canadian university with a national presence. With campuses in New Brunswick, Ontario and British Columbia, Yorkville University offers professional, practitioner-oriented masters and bachelor degree programs, delivered entirely online, in class or a blend of both. 
 Please visit  www.yorkvilleu.ca  for further information. 
 Yorkville University is committed to providing accessible employment practices that are in compliance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (‘AODA’). If you require accommodation for disability during any stage of the recruitment process, please notify Human Resources at 1-866- 467-0661 ext. 1236. 
 Job Type: Full-time 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
