
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Clinical Assistant Professor (Biomedical Engineering) 
 Loyola University Chicago 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Clinical Assistant Professor (Biomedical Engineering) 
 Loyola University Chicago 
 [](mailto:?subject=Clinical%20Assistant%20Professor%20%28Biomedical%20Engineering%29&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/14220252/clinical-assistant-professor-biomedical-engineering/ "Email")  
 Application 
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 December 16, 2020 
 Location: 
 Chicago, Illinois 
 __ Show Map 
 Type: 
 Full Time - Experienced 
 Years of Experience: 
 2 - 4 
 Required Education: 
 Doctorate 
 Background  : The Department of Engineering in the College of Arts and Sciences at Loyola University Chicago (LUC) invites applications for a full-time non-tenure-track position at the rank of Clinical Assistant Professor for academic year 2021-22 with expertise in Engineering Design and Biomedical Engineering. The successful candidate will be joining a department with 7 full-time faculty members and over 100 undergraduate majors. Engineering began to offer its BS Engineering degree, with a specialization in biomedical, computer, or environmental engineering, in fall of 2015, and received ABET accreditation in August, 2020. It is the first U.S. engineering program to integrate engineering with social justice. For more information about the department, please visit its website at luc.edu/engineering. 
 This search is part of a University-wide, multi-year hiring initiative designed to hire outstanding researchers and teachers who are reflective of our diverse student body and committed to interdisciplinarity (i.e., working with colleagues across different subfields and disciplines) and the pursuit of external grants. Of special interest are candidates who can further the University's efforts to foster diversity, equity, and inclusion. 
 Special Instructions to Applicants  : Candidates should submit to  www.careers.luc.edu  (1) a brief letter of interest; (2) a current  Curriculum Vitae  ; (3) a statement on teaching experience; and (4) a statement addressing past and/or potential contributions to mentoring a diverse student body through research, teaching and other channels and engaging a diverse community through scholarship and service. Applicants should also arrange for three recommendations from individuals prepared to speak to their professional qualifications for this position, especially in terms of scholarship, teaching and mentorship, to be submitted electronically to the above website (letter writers will receive an electronic prompt from LUC). Candidates may forward additional materials related to teaching excellence and samples of scholarly publications to: 
 Gail Baura, Ph.D., Search Committee Chair 
Department of Engineering 
Loyola University Chicago 
 1032 W. Sheridan Road 
Chicago, Illinois 60660 
 Review of applications will begin on January 4, 2020 and continue until the position is filled. 
 LUC is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action employer with a strong commitment to hiring for our mission and diversifying our faculty. The University seeks to increase the diversity of its professoriate, workforce and undergraduate and graduate student populations because broad diversity – including a wide range of individuals who contribute to a robust academic environment – is critical to achieving the University’s mission of excellence in education, research, educational access and services in an increasingly diverse society. Therefore, in holistically assessing the many qualifications of each applicant, we would factor favorably an individual’s record of conduct that includes experience with an array of diverse perspectives, as well as a wide variety of different educational, research or other work activities. Among other qualifications, we would also factor favorably experience overcoming or helping others overcome barriers to an academic career or degrees. 
 As a Jesuit Catholic institution of higher education, we seek candidates who will contribute to our strategic plan to deliver a transformative education in the Jesuit tradition. To learn more about LUC’s mission, candidates should consult our website at  www.luc.edu/mission . For information about the university’s focus on transformative education, they should consult our website at  www.luc.edu/transformativeed . 
 
 Duties and Responsibilities  : The successful candidate will oversee and teach sections of Biomedical Engineering capstone design courses, and will teach sections of medical device software development and core engineering courses, with a 4/3 teaching load.  All ENGR courses are taught using mandatory active learning, with a maximum of 24 students in each course section. 
 Minimum Qualification  s: The candidate will have a Ph.D. in Biomedical Engineering or a related discipline, as well as at least four years of full-time industry or government experience in medical device software development.  Candidates for the position must clearly demonstrate the potential for excellence in teaching and have a record of (or clear potential for) distinguished student mentorship. The candidate should be willing to support the mission of LUC and the goals of a Jesuit Catholic Education. 
 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About Loyola University Chicago 
 Loyola University Chicago, a private university founded in 1870 as St. Ignatius College, is the nation’s largest Jesuit, Catholic University and the only one located in Chicago. Shaped by our city and our Jesuit traditions, Loyola University Chicago offers students an educational environment unmatched for its diversity of thought and experience. Loyola University Chicago comprises four campuses: Lake Shore (LSC), Water Tower (WTC), Health Sciences (HSC), and the John Felice Rome Center in Italy, and is home to eleven schools and colleges: Arrupe College, Quinlan School of Business, Marcella Niehoff School of Nursing, Stritch School of Medicine, College of Arts and Sciences, School of Communication, School of Continuing and Professional Studies, School of Education, School of Law, School of Social Work, and Graduate School. Loyola also features course locations in Beijing, China; Saigon-Ho Chi Minh City, Vietnam; Vernon Hills, Illinois (Cuneo Mansion and Gardens); and a Retreat and Ecology Campus in Woodstock, Illinois. With three campuses spread throughout the greater Chicago area, students have access to hundreds of cultural institutions as well as thousands of internships a...nd networking opportunities with the city's Fortune 500 companies. Study-abroad programs at our Rome and Beijing Centers provide engagement with the global community and economy. While rigorous programs of research and study are one hallmark of a Jesuit education, we're not just preparing students for a career, we're preparing them for life. We challenge our students to learn broadly, to think critically, to serve generously, to lead with integrity, to respect diversity. We come from all faiths and ethnic and economic backgrounds, with a common purpose of building a better society. 
 Show more 
 Show less 
 Connections working at Loyola University Chicago 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 More Jobs Like This 
 
 
 
 PROFESSOR IN ENGINEERING PHYSICS - CHAIR IN QUANTUM PHOTONICS  
 __  Montreal, Quebec, Canada 
 
 
 
 
 Polytechnique Montréal 
 __2 Days Ago 
 
 
 Assistant/Associate/Professor of Biomedical Informatics 
 __  New Brunswick, New Jersey 
 
 
 Rutgers University 
 __Today 
 
 
 Faculty Position (Assistant/Associate Professor/Full Professor) 
 __  Houston, Texas 
 
 
 The University of Texas MD Anderson Cancer Center 
 __1 Week Ago 
 
 
 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
