  
 Work-for-RVers-and-Campers.com 
 Menu 
 
 RVers: Start Here
 
 Workers On Wheels Home 
 Announcements 
 WOW E-mail News 
 Help Wanted Ads for RVers 
 Featured Employers 
 Home Biz Op Directory 
 Work Wanted Ads from RVers 
 The Basics for Working RVers 
 Workers On Wheels Blog 
 
 
 RV Work
 
 Bob's RV Work Articles 
 Campground Work 
 Property Caretaking 
 Flea Markets 
 Network Marketing 
 Temp Agencies 
 Teaching Jobs 
 Volunteering 
 Online Work 
 
 
 More RV Work
 
 Writing for Profit 
 Agricultural Jobs 
 Disney Jobs 
 Employment 
 Referral Fees 
 RV Home Business 
 Seasonal Jobs 
 Tourism Jobs 
 Website Building 
 Tips for Working RVers 
 
 
 RV Work Lifestyles
 
 Dream Jobs 
 RVing w/ Kids 
 Single RVers 
 Survey Polls 
 Testimonials 
 Worker's Stories 
 
 
 RV Work Resources
 
 Mail Service 
 Resume Help 
 Questions/Answers 
 Taxes 
 Tax and Legal 
 Books 
 Mags/Newsletters 
 
 
 WOW Admin
 
 About Us 
 Privacy Policy 
 Disclosure 
 Contact the Editor 
 Site Search 
 
 
 
 
 My Dream Job Is... 
 My dream job is.... Fill in the blank. What kind of work would you do if you designed your perfect job? If you could create a profitable business that let you do things you love doing, what would it be? 
 What Is Your Ideal Work? 
 Complete the following sentence. 
 My dream job is.... 
 Tell us what work you'd do if you could design your ideal job. [ ? ] 
 Close Help 
 Entering your story is easy to do. Just type!... 
 
 Upload 1-4 Pictures or Graphics (optional)[ ? ] 
 Close Help 
 Do you have some pictures or graphics to add? Great! Click the button and find the first one on your computer. Select it and click on the button to choose it. 
 Then click on the link if you want to upload up to 3 more images. 
 
 Add a Picture/Graphic Caption (optional) 
 Click here to upload more images (optional) 
 Add a Picture/Graphic Caption (optional) 
 Add a Picture/Graphic Caption (optional) 
 Add a Picture/Graphic Caption (optional) 
 Are you a full-time or part time RVer? 
 | 
 ---|--- 
 What kind of RV do you have? 
 | 
 Submit 
 
 Check box to agree to these  submission guidelines. 
 I am at least 16 years of age. 
 I understand and accept the  privacy policy . 
 I understand that you will display my submission on your website. 
 
 (You can preview and edit on the next page) 
 Click here to see the rest of the form and complete your submission. 
 Read about the dream jobs of other working RVers... 
 Click below to see what other RVers consider the best work possible. 
 Being a Campground Manager 
I was living my dream with my wife for a few years. But then tragedy struck and my motorcoach burned to the ground while traveling to Dallas, after we … 
 Literacy Outreach on the Road 
Appreciating the fact that illiteracy is a lifelong endeavor for struggling readers and writers, I would love to be able to reach out to adults and youths … 
 Travailing Artist for Camps and Resorts 
My dream job is.... I am already an artist and a camp host. I would love to combined the two and make art for camps and resorts -- murals, sculptures, … 
 Events Coordinator, Landscaper and Groundskeeper 
My dream job is to be an events coordinator, landscaper, and groundskeeper, to plan events at a campground for the campers and their children. I would … 
 Inspirational Guide / Advisor 
I love inspiring others to be motivated to use a talent or reach a desired goal. I often find myself offering practical assistance to small business owners, … 
 Showing RV Products 
My dream job is showing RV products at different small rallies. First, I'd have to set up a company that would allow me to travel with used RVs, nothing … 
 Teach Beginning Genealogy 
I would like to teach beginning genealogy classes in a 55+ or other long-term camp. Most parks have Wi-Fi and a few computers, so I would include internet … 
 RV Park Karaoke Entertainer 
My dream job is to be an RV park Karaoke entertainer. What we never find at parks though is Karaoke! I was sort of a legend in Texas and Arizona at various … 
 Traveling Dog Trainer 
My dream jobs is to be a traveling dog trainer, petsitter, and groomer. I've been a groomer for over thirty years, worked in a veterinary hospital, and … 
 Working in the Black Hills 
Our dream job is working in or near the Black Hills of SD. We'd love to work and set up near Mt. Rushmore, but we'd love to tour and explore the entire … 
 Writing 
I love to talk, and since writing is like talking, I love to write. I have always loved to write, not just to tell a story, but to solve a problem, or … 
 Interviewing People 
My dream job is interviewing people in campgrounds, towns, pretty much anywhere. I'm a filmmaker, and I love to interview people and film them. I like … 
 Taking Pictures 
I would love to travel the USA taking pictures and grading campgrounds, working from my RV while traveling the USA. Coleen, the RVing editor replies: … 
 Traveling Book Author 
A traveling book author ... to be honest, this has been a dream of mine since the day I picked up my pen. I've taken baby steps for five years to get to … 
 Selling Coney Island Hot Dogs 
I would buy a hot dog cart to pull behind my motorhome, decide on a good Cincinnati hot dog chili, set up my cart at swap meets all over the country and … 
 Being a "Man Friday" 
A "Man Friday" does what ever needs doing. I like doing different things and dislike too much routine in my work day. I enjoy being left alone to get my … 
 Go from this dream job page to the Workers On Wheels Work for RVers and Campers blog. 
 Go to our blog to see what's new here on Workers On Wheels - Work-for-RVers-and-Campers.com and to find more info about earning a living while full-time RVing. 
 Disclosure: We receive compensation from advertisers, affiliate relationships, and site sponsors  
 Jen Work Camping 
 Most Recently 
 
   
   
   
 
 
 
  Long Ridge Campground Hiawassee Georgia  
 
 
 Jan 25, 21 06:24 PM 
 Camp Hosts Wanted - Georgia Mountains We are a small campground located in the north Georgia mountains. We are seeking a second set of camp hosts to work 
 Read More 
 You can produce an income Work Camping. 
 Work Camping- What is it all about. Click this link for Video 
 https://youtu.be/ujOOPEbJGvY  
 
 Coleen and Bob Workers On Wheels Founders 
 
 
 Post Your Help Wanted Ad on Workers On Wheels 
- Click Here 
 *** 
 
 
 
 
 
 Copyright 1992-2020 All Rights Reserved - No reproduction permitted without written permission. 
 Contact Info  -- Jim Erickson, Workers On Wheels, Work-for-RVers-and-Campers.com 
 Disclosure: This site provides helpful and entertaining information thanks to compensation received from quality advertisers and affiliate relationships. 
 Privacy Policy 
 Workers On Wheels is our website and newsletter about working while RVing -- working while living in a home on wheels. There are so many kinds of work to do while RVing and camping (what some campers call workcamping or work camping). We help RV workers -- whether snowbirds or full-time RVers -- find campground jobs, volunteer jobs, jobs with RV spaces, seasonal jobs, mobile employment, short-term paid employment, and other ways to earn an income and cut expenses while enjoying life in a recreational vehicle. Thanks for visiting our WOW website! ~ Jim, your Workers On Wheels editor, at work-for-RVers-and-campers.com
*[Jan 25, 21 06:24 PM]: 2021-01-25T18:24:55-0500 
