Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Guest Experience Leader 
 McDonald's Restaurants 
 __New Hamburg, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Company Description 
 In 1954, an enterprising salesman named Ray Kroc discovered a small burger restaurant in California, and wrote the first page of McDonald’s® history. In 1967, the first McDonald’s Canada opened in Richmond, B.C. and we’ve been growing with our communities and serving quality food at great a value ever since. Today, McDonald’s Canada is proud to be one of the world’s leading foodservice retailers. From coast to coast, we serve delicious choices to more than 2.5 million people in over 1,400 locations every day. We’re also more than just your local restaurant. We’re hardworking small-business men and women, students working part-time, seniors getting the most out of life, and volunteers lending time to make a difference in the communities we live and work in. 
 Job Description 
 How about flexible hours that let you do your thing, whatever your thing is. The opportunity to grow. Professionally, personally and financially. How about the chance to be part of a company that’s primarily run by independent business owners and that’s active in your community. That’s helped more than 300,000 Canadian families with sick kids through Ronald McDonald House. If that sounds good to you, then we’d love to hear from you. 
 YOUR VIBE. 
You understand that service is about making a connection. A smile, an extra hand, even an empathetic nod can make all the difference in someone’s day. It’s genuine, and it’s at your core. You’re a people person through and through. Making someone’s day better, makes your day better. 
 Qualifications 
 Is this YOU? 
  Communication…the easiest, most natural skill 
  Enthusiasm…you never run out 
  Shy? Never! 
  Friendly & Outgoing…THIS IS ME! 
  Daily saying…“I want to make a difference today” 
  Taking initiative – always! 
  Love meeting new people…Every single day! 
  Words to live by…“Why follow when you can lead?” 
  Tech Savvy, comfortable with all types of smart phones. 
 Additional Information 
 We are looking for an outgoing individual to fill the role of Guest Experience Leader. This person will be the face of McDonald's New Hamburg and must be comfortable engaging with our Guests. 
 This is an elevated role within our company and shift premiums may be offered. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
