Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 CLK 9R - Administrative Assistant 
 BC Public Service 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Administrative Assistant 
Clerk 9 
 An eligibility list may be established to fill future temporary and permanent vacancies. 
 Bring your strong administrative experience and superior organizational skills to this challenging position 
 The Administrative Assistant provides a wide range of administrative and secretarial support services for the Major Projects, Infrastructure and Properties Department within the Ministry of Transportation and Infrastructure. Reporting to the Manager, Divisional Operations, the Administrative Assistant supports departmental staff in delivering on the goals, objectives and performance measures identified in the ministry’s annual Service Plan. The Administrative Assistant plans, develops and coordinates all administrative functions and services including the implementation of operational program policies and procedures, human resources, records management, facilities, and asset management. 
 The BC Public Service is an award winning employer and offers employees competitive benefits, amazing learning opportunities and a chance to engage in rewarding work with exciting career development opportunities. For more information, please see What We Offer. 
 The BC Public Service is committed to creating a diverse workplace to represent the population we serve and to better meet the needs of our citizens. Consider joining our team and being part of an innovative, inclusive and rewarding workplace. 
 For complete details about this opportunity, including accountabilities, please refer to the attached job profile. For specific position related enquiries, please contact Victoria.Smith@gov.bc.ca. DO NOT SEND YOUR APPLICATION TO THIS EMAIL ADDRESS. For more information about how to complete your job application, add/edit your resume and for more useful tips when applying for jobs, please refer to the Your Job Application page on the MyHR website. If you are still experiencing technical difficulty applying for a competition, please send an e-mail to BCPSA.Hiring.Centre@gov.bc.ca, before the stated closing time, and we will respond as soon as possible to assist you. 
 NOTE:  Applications will be accepted until 11:00 pm Pacific Standard Time on the closing date of the competition. 
 Job Requirements: 
In order to be considered for this position, your application must clearly demonstrate how you meet the education and experience as outlined below: 
 Secondary school graduation or equivalent. 
At least 2 years of administrative/clerical/secretarial experience working in an office setting. 
Work experience managing electronic calendars including scheduling meetings and appointments for individuals and large groups. 
Work experience typing, formatting, and proofreading a variety of documents and materials using desktop tools such as Word, Excel and the Internet. 
Experience processing purchases and/or credit card and/or petty cash reconciliations while ensuring accuracy and completeness of documentation. 
 Preference may be given to applicants with one or more of the following: 
 Experience with government financial policies and procedures. 
Experience with editing briefing notes in accordance to government standards. 
Experience with CLIFF, eApproval, ARCS and ORCS. 
Completion of a post-secondary office administration certificate or program. 
Experience in a provincial government office setting. 
Experience working with Indigenous organizations and/or communities. 
Candidates who self-identify as Indigenous. 
 Applicants selected to move forward in the hiring process may be assessed on the Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies as outlined in the attached Job Profile located in the Additional Information section at the bottom of the posting. 
 CRC - A Criminal Record Check (CRC) will be required. 
 APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS: 
 Cover letter:  NO - Please do not submit a cover letter as it will not be reviewed. 
 Resume:  YES - A resume is required as part of your application; however, it may not be used for initial shortlisting purposes. 
 Questionnaire (COMPREHENSIVE):  YES - As part of the application process, you will be prompted to complete a comprehensive online questionnaire to demonstrate how you meet the job requirements. Please allot approximately 60 minutes to complete the questionnaire. 
 IMPORTANT:  Comprehensive questionnaire responses will be used to shortlist applicants against the job requirements. Please ensure you include all relevant information about your educational accomplishments and employment history including job titles, start and end dates (month and year) of your employment, and your accountabilities and accomplishments. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
