Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Medical Lab Technologist 
 Joseph Brant Hospital 
 __Burlington, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Posting #:  200993 
 Position Available:  MEDICAL LAB TECHNOLOGIST 
 Status:  Temporary Full-Time 
 Department:  Laboratory - Clinical Chemistry 
 Union:  O.P.S.E.U. 
 Shifts:  Days/Evenings/Nights/Weekends/Extended Tours 
 Internal employees must apply by midnight on December 1, 2019. 
 ABOUT JOSEPH BRANT HOSPITAL: 
Joseph Brant Hospital (JBH) is a full-service community teaching hospital located in the growing and thriving community of Burlington, Ontario, serving more than 185,000 residents in Halton, Hamilton, Waterdown, Flamborough, Milton and Stoney Creek. It is honoured to be recognized as one of Hamilton Niagara's Top Employers for five (5) consecutive years, with a skilled staff of 194 physicians, 1,911 full- and part-time staff and more than 700 volunteers. 
 JBH is a Clinical Education site in conjunction with McMaster University, and designated as an Academic Community Teaching Hospital. Its expanded campus includes the state-of-art Michael Lee-Chin & Family Patient Tower, featuring a new Emergency Department, 172 acute inpatient beds, 9 new Operating Rooms and post-anaesthetic care unit to support expanded medical, surgical and outpatient services. JBH is also a partner member of the Burlington Ontario Health Team. 
JBH inspires and empowers a culture of caring and this is demonstrated in many ways including our commitment to the health, safety and wellbeing of our people. For more information, visit www.josephbranthospital.ca. 
 QUALIFICATIONS: 
 
 Strong working knowledge of Chemistry, Transfusion Medicine, and Hematology 
 Familiar with routine Transfusion Medicine testing using MTS system. 
 Perform quality control and maintenance procedures on reagents and equipment including troubleshooting, in accordance with departmental policies, procedures and standards. 
 
 REQUIRED 
 
 Registered Technologist with a current CMLTO licence. 
 Recent experience in a Core Laboratory setting. 
 Reliable attendance, punctuality. 
 
 PREFERRED 
 
 Preference will be given to candidates with recent related continuing education or equivalent. 
 Meditech Client Server LIS experience an asset. 
 Basic computer knowledge including keyboarding skill and an ability to work in MS Windows based environment. 
 Good problem solving, analytical, organizational, and continuous improvement skills. 
 Good communication and interpersonal skills. 
 Must be able to work independently and in a team environment. 
 Ability to react to change productively and handle other essential tasks as assigned. 
 
 To be considered for this exciting opportunity please visit the JBH Careers page to apply to posting #200993. We ask that you please include the posting number in the subject line of any email correspondence. No phone calls please. We thank all applicants and only those selected for interview will be contacted. 
 Any information obtained during the recruitment process will be used for employment recruitment only, and not for any other purpose. 
 JBH is committed to and supports practices that are inclusive. HR will accommodate any needs under the Ontario Human Right Code (OHRC) and the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA). Recruitment processes will be modified to remove barriers to accommodate those with disabilities, if requested. 
 Should you require accommodation through the application and/or recruitment process, please contact HR for assistance at careers@josephbranthospital.ca or at Ext. 4129 to allow opportunity for appropriate accommodations to be made. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
