Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 POST DOCTORATE FELLOW 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Applications are sought for the position of a Postdoctoral Fellow to join the Multiphysics Research Group (MuRG) at McMaster University. Position reports to Dr. Ishwar K. Puri. 
 Hours of Work:  35 hours per week, Monday - Friday 
 Annual Salary:  $45,000 
 Education Level:  PhD in Biomedical Engineering, Chemical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering or a related field. 
 Job Description 
 The candidate will work on an interdisciplinary project to develop a scaffold free 3D bioprinting platform that requires knowledge of elements of biomedical, chemical and materials engineering, and life and health sciences. They will collaborate with Health Sciences researchers to develop in vitro models for drug screening. 
 The candidate is expected to contribute significantly toward (1) designing and developing various in vitro models, (2) collect data for these in vitro models to validate model functionality, and (3) translate the research findings into a commercializable platform. 
 The project is being conducted by the Multiphysics Research Group (MuRG) at the Faculty of Engineering in McMaster University. MuRG, directed by Prof. Ishwar K. Puri, has a strong legacy of impactful research at the intersection of science and engineering, with applications spanning thermal management, energy management, healthcare, biotechnology, materials processing, combustion, and chemical systems. The group is also developing biosensors for small molecules and nanomaterials for energy storage applications. 
 The Faculty of Engineering at McMaster has a reputation for innovative programs, cutting-edge research, leading faculty, and aspiring students, with approximately 180 faculty members, close to 4,500 undergraduate and 1,000 graduate students. 
 McMaster University is among Canada’s leading research Universities, with the highest research intensity (research income per faculty member) nationwide. It has access to globally unique research facilities, e.g., the Canadian Centre for Electron Microscope, the Brockhouse Institute for Materials Research, and the Bio-interfaces Institute. 
 Learning opportunities 
 The unique environment in MuRG enables extensive learning opportunities, preparing the candidate for an innovation career for both industry and academia. They will enjoy the benefit of developing relationships with industry partners in drug screening and discovery, and join the research group establishing channels with academic research labs working in the area of 3D cell culture. They will also be able to leverage the collective knowledge of the diverse pool of researchers in MuRG from different disciplines. Their experience of working with these diverse, multidisciplinary, multicultural team members will help them develop several essential skills, e.g., communication, presentation, leadership, and teamwork. 
 Key Responsibilities and Duties 
 The candidate will work closely with Dr. Rakesh Sahu, Research Associate. The key responsibilities and duties include: 
 Culturing mammalian cells in a BSL2 facility, printing 3D cellular constructs, monitoring the constructs and performing in vitro assays for functional testing. 
Studying proteins using experimental methods such as western blotting, gel electrophoresis, HPLC, LC/MS, ELISA. 
Perform genetic analysis using molecular technologies such as PCR, RT-PCR and DNA microarrays. 
Perform drug toxicity analysis on the cellular constructs. 
Perform cell imaging using confocal microscope, z-stack and fluorescence microscopy. 
Developing experimental and safety protocols for the research project. 
Develop new in vitro disease models in collaboration with health science researchers and the other team members. 
Assist the graduate students in designing and building the bioprinting platform for the user. 
Participate in the commercialization process through the translation of research findings into a prototype, and iteratively refined into a minimum viable product based on feedback from the potential users. 
Participate in development of research grant applications including both concept development and technical writing 
Assist graduate students, coordinate, and curate research findings from the group for weekly research presentations 
Mature research findings into scientific reports, journal publications, patents, etc. 
 Desired Qualifications 
 Mandatory Requirements 
 A PhD degree in Biomedical Engineering, Chemical Engineering, Mechanical Engineering, or a related field, with specialization in the area of cell culture, tissue engineering, biochemistry, in vitro assay development, and cell imaging. 
 The applicant must have experience working in a BSL-2 facility. handling mammalian cells, culturing them and performing in vitro assays. 
 Assets 
 A strong suite of skills for performing experiments within a BSL-2 facility and using state-of-the-art tools demonstrated through publications, patents, theses etc. 
Strong background in fundamentals of biochemistry and cellular biology. 
Background in magnetism, fluid flow, statistical analysis and differential equations. 
Expertise in data acquisition and analyzing them using MATLAB and Prism-GraphPad. 
Critical thinking. 
Teamwork and collaboration with technical and multi-disciplinary team. 
One to five years of professional experience. 
Good communication skills and record of peer-reviewed publications. 
 How To Apply 
 To apply for this job, please submit your application online. 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and within the lands protected by the “Dish With One Spoon” wampum agreement. 
 The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. 
 The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity and inclusion, who will contribute to the diversification of ideas and perspectives, and especially welcomes applications from indigenous (First Nations, Métis or Inuit) peoples, members of racialized communities, persons with disabilities, women, and persons who identify as 2SLGBTQ+. 
 As part of McMaster’s commitment, all applicants are invited to complete a confidential Applicant Diversity Survey through the online application submission process. The Survey questionnaire requests voluntary self-identification in relation to equity-seeking groups that have historically faced and continue to face barriers in employment. Please refer to the Applicant Diversity Survey - Statement of Collection for additional information. 
 Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact: 
 Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247), or 
Faculty of Health Sciences HR Office at ext. 22207, or 
School of Graduate Studies at ext. 23679 
 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
