
 __ 
 __ 
 
 FAQs 
 Shipping 
 Returns 
 Payment & Delivery 
 Contact 
 
  __ 
 
 HOME 
  SHOP 
 
 Mart Products 
 
 Smartphone 
 
 Earphones 
 Headphones 
 Microphone 
 Phone Accessories 
 
 
 Apple 
 
 Ipad-Iphone 
 
 
 Computer 
 
 Computer Accessories 
 Laptop 
 Laptop Accessories 
 
 
 
 
 Stack Products 
 
 Accessories 
 
 Car Accessories 
 Fitness Accessories 
 Golf Accessoriess 
 Home Accessories 
 Men Accessories 
 
 
 Tech Accessories 
 
 Adapter 
 Air Conditioner 
 Camera 
 Charger 
 Coffee Maker 
 
 
 
 
 Apps + Software 
 
 Apps 
 Software 
 Software Program 
 
 
 Courses 
 
 Buy Cheap Courses 
 
 
 
 
 AFFILIATE PROGRAM 
 MEDICAL NEWS 
 NEWS TRENDS 
 CARRERS 
 REAL STATE 
 RETIREMENT 
 
 
 My Account 
  __ 
 Product has been added to your cart. 
 20 Online Work From Home Jobs Paying $20 Hourly or MORE 
 Would you like to work from home earning significantly more than the minimum payment wage by law? Assuming this is the case, this post ought to get your wheels turning. I just made a rundown of a few organizations that pay their workers $20 hourly or more to work at home. 
 It's implied, however when you're discussing this sort of pay, you are quite often discussing organizations that are bound to require an unmistakable range of abilities or an advanced education. It's uncommon to discover a work from home jobs that pay in this range where you need no earlier aptitudes or experience to begin. 
 What's more, on the off chance that you don't have the correct abilities or experience to carry out the responsibilities recorded beneath, remember that in any event now you know where the cash is! So in case you're considering encouraging your instruction so as to get more lucrative work, you recognize what ventures to conceivably concentrate on. 
 So all things considered, we should jump on to the chances! As usual, I can't ensure these organizations are enlisting at this moment, yet in the event that they are on the rundown, they have contracted locally established specialists before and paid $20 hourly or more. 
 Online Work from Home Jobs Paying $20+ Hourly 
 1 – VIPKid 
 On the off chance that you have any "formal" or "casual" showing experience, for example, tutoring, mentoring, training, or elective instruction in addition to a four year college education in the US or Canada added to your repertoire, you may meet all requirements to guide Chinese youngsters in the English language with VIPKid. 
 This organization claims there is potential to acquire up to $22 hourly working for them. Be that as it may, it is self employed entity work so your precise rate will rely upon the time you put into it. 
 Go here to apply at VIPKid, or read our VIPKid review to learn more about it. 
 2 – 10UP 
 This is a web advancement organization that enables all representatives to work remotely. They have infrequent openings for web and configuration engineers, creators, designers, and so forth. 
 As indicated by Glassdoor, the normal pay at this organization is somewhere in the range of $53K to $85K, which should work out to over $20 60 minutes. 
 Go here to perceive what employments are open now with 10UP. 
 3 – Profit Factory 
 Here and there has remote helper positions recorded for different organizations. Low maintenance, 20-25 hours of the week, paying $20 every hour as indicated by the activity posting. 
 Go here to apply in the event that they are right now employing. 
 4 – Ovation Travel Group 
 Applause Travel Group has infrequent openings for VIP Travel Consultants. This is a remote, Monday through Friday opportunity that requires broad corporate travel understanding. 
 As per Glassdoor, pay ranges $30 – $32/hour. 
 Go here to apply. 
 5 – A Pass Educational Group 
 Work remotely for A Pass Educational gathering as an instructive topic master. These positions seem to pay somewhere in the range of $20 and $30 60 minutes. 
 Go here to check for employment opportunities with A Pass Educational Group. 
 6 – Art and Logic 
 This organization, which has some expertise in web and application improvement, is frequently searching for engineers with incredible coding abilities to add to their group. Everybody works from home in the US or Canada. 
 Pay is over $20 60 minutes, with certain positions paying $30+ 60 minutes. 
 Go here to check for employment opportunities with Art and Logic. 
 7 – Scribe Media 
 This organization frequently has remote positions recorded that normally pay over $20 60 minutes, some are recorded at $50 60 minutes. The positions travel every which way, so you'll need to watch the site to see when they are open. 
 They are regularly searching for editors, editors, book coat architects, and so on. 
 Go here to check whether Scribe Media presently has openings. 
 8 – Buffer 
 Cradle gives online web based life the executives arrangements. They enable every one of their laborers to work remotely, and they give straightforward pay data. 
 From this, you can see that by far most of their laborers are likely making over $20 60 minutes. They contract for a wide range of positions every so often, from nerd designer and building employments to item/client care. 
 Go here to apply at Buffer in the event that they are procuring. 
 9 – Carenet 
 This organization procures work from home enlisted medical caretakers for phone triage. Pay is around $25 60 minutes. 
 Go to Carenet's occupations page to check whether they're employing now. 
 10 – Chegg 
 Chegg pays their online guides a beginning pace of $20 60 minutes. It's an adaptable, work whenever work that pays week after week. 
 It creates the impression that the vast majority of their coaches take every necessary step low maintenance since it says on the site that the normal sum earned by their guides is $1,000 month to month. 
 You can peruse our review of mentoring occupations at Chegg for more data on how it functions, or go here to begin applying to work for them. 
 11 – Travel Leaders Group 
 Corporate travel masters that work from home for Travel Leaders Group can win $20 – $22 hourly as indicated by Glassdoor. 
 You should have at any rate 5 years involvement with movement deals and client support, just as Worldspan GDS experience. 
 Go here to apply. 
 12 – Scribendi 
 This organization consistently employs independent editors and editors to work from home. As indicated by Glassdoor, temporary workers working for this organization normal around $25 60 minutes. 
 To qualify, you should have a college degree and three years of important experience. They can't acknowledge laborers living in the US States of California, New York, Massachusetts, Illinois, Colorado, New Jersey, Wyoming, South Dakota, West Virginia, Hawaii, New Mexico, or New Hampshire. 
 Go here to apply at Scribendi, or read our Scribendi audit. 
 13 – Github 
 Github is a product organization that enables a large number of its representatives to work remotely. They have standard openings for geek positions like designers, engineers, and so forth just as some client assistance positions. 
 Per Glassdoor, most Github positions give a compensation of over $60K every year. 
 Check whether Github right now has openings here. 
 14 – InDemand Interpreting 
 InDemand Interpreting, otherwise called Stratus, has openings for remote video medicinal translators now and again. 
 This is adaptable work paying $1 every moment. In spite of the fact that I couldn't discover any compensation midpoints for this organization on Glassdoor, it appears that $20 an hour might be conceivable. 
 Go here to apply. 
 15 – Wordvice 
 This organization is consistently enlisting work from home editors. Per the set of working responsibilities, you will "Alter and edit scholastic papers, affirmations articles, and different reports for punctuation and mechanics issues and guarantee common language and stream of correspondence." 
 English familiarity, 2+ years expert altering experience, and MS Word capability all required. Must be joined up with or have finished an advanced education program. As per Glassdoor, pay should work out to around $29 – $31/hour. 
 Go here to apply. 
 16 – Magoosh 
 They consistently enlist remote test prep specialists who help out understudies with questions in regards to the GRE, GMAT, SAT, ACT, and TOEFL tests. They are not continually contracting for this. 
 It's an agreement position paying $20 hourly on weekdays and $25 hourly on ends of the week. 
 Must have a BA or BS, a high score on the SAT, GRE, or GMAT, and educating or coaching experience. 
 Go here to check whether the activity is open. 
 17 – Manhattan Prep 
 You might have the option to function as an educator for Manhattan Prep and acquire $100 60 minutes. The organization is profoundly particular and not all employments are remote. Monitor their employments page for the remote positions. 
 Go here to check for openings. 
 18 – QKids 
 This organization procures online ESL guides in the US and Canada. 
 Unhitched male's or current enlistment in college program is required. Earlier showing experience or proportional in instruction/coaching/tutoring/self-teaching liked however not required. 
 Must have stable web and a PC with mouthpiece and webcam. 
 It is conceivable to procure up to $20 hourly, however the precise sum you acquire will rely upon the amount you can work. 
 Go here to apply, or read our QKids audit here. 
 19 – Revolution Prep 
 This is training organization that gives web based coaching/instructing administrations to understudies in grades 6-12. They pay their work from home proficient mentors $20 60 minutes. 
 Earlier training experience is required and a four year certification is liked. 
 Go here to check for current openings. 
 20 – SitePen 
 SitePen enables their laborers to work remotely. They have periodic openings for programming designing, venture the board, javascript building, and web advancement. Per Glassdoor, these positions pay over $80K every year. 
 Go here to apply at SitePen on the off chance that they're procuring and you meet their capabilities. 
 What's more, there you have it! I'd love to add some more organizations to this rundown on the off chance that you need to assist me with excursion and remark underneath with the names of organizations you're acquainted with that pay $20 an hour or more to work at home. 
 In case you're finding that you're not equipped for a large portion of the situations above, I likewise have a rundown with work at home occupations paying $10 hourly and work at home employments paying $12 hourly that you might need to peruse for more choices. 
 Searching For More Legit Work from Home Jobs? 
 Make certain to look at my digital book with a rundown of 150 organizations that routinely employ locally situated laborers, in addition to bit by bit guidelines to enable you to discover significantly more work at home occupations. It's just $5! 
 Good karma in whatever you decide to do! 
 
 How to make money with your new wordpress blog – Monetize your website in 28 way 
 
 Related 
 Leave a Feedback  Cancel reply 
 Treding Post 
 
 10 Reasons to Use Web Push Notifications in e-commerce site 
 How do I make money with Pinterest? 
 LifePoints review and presentation of the survey site 
 3 Ways Making money from Facebook: how do you do it? 
 Bodybuilding Forums: Building Bodies, Talking Buddies 
 
 Products 
 
  Overnight Millionaire Brand New System   $43.45 
  DUKAP Intely 20''/28''/32'' Hardside Spinners: 3-Piece Set (Wine)   $210.99 
  25-Piece Jewelry Advent Calendar with Swarovski Crystals (Tree)   $39.99 
  Miko Yoisho Shiatsu Foot Massager with Heat & Pressure Settings (Silver)   $139.99 
  Home Collection Ultra Soft Damask Quilted Coverlet 3-Piece Set (Queen/Gray)   $54.95 
 
 [sibwp_form id=1] 
 WFHLJ Shop and COVID-19 service updates. You may experience shipping delays. Learn More Here 
 __ 
 Сonsultation 
 Our team of sales managers and specialists will be happy to help you find the right products and offers 
 __ 
 Shipping& Payments 
 We accept payments through online payment systems, credit cards and bank transfers 
 __ 
 Newsletter 
 Be the first to know about upcoming sales, new collections and special offers 
 Please enter a valid email address. 
 Subscribe 
 LET US HELP 
 
 Contact 
 About Blog 
 Privacy Policy 
 Terms of Service 
 Join The Shop Club 
 
 INFORMATION 
 
 Shipping 
 Returns 
 Payment & Delivery 
 Frequently Asked Questions 
 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
 OUR STORE 
 
 My Account 
 Cart 
 Checkout 
 My Wishlist 
 
 __ 
 info@workfromhomelegitjob.com 
 MORE 
 
 Our Blog 
 Our Shop 
 All Products 
 WFH Ideas 
 Successful Online Businesses 
 
 306 Vine St, #7 ST, Claude, TX, 79019, USA © 2020  WFHLJ  by Jimmyfresh 
 Menu 
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience. If you continue to use this site, you agree with it.  Privacy Policy 
 Ok 
