Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Skilled Labourer 
 Victoria Contracting & Municipal Maintenance Corporation 
 __Langford, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Skilled Labourer 
 The Road Maintenance Worker at Victoria Contracting is part of a large team that provides maintenance and public service to several municipalities in the Capital Regional District. As such, employees are expected to engage in a diverse range of activities. Reporting to the Roads Superintendent and Operations Manager. The Road Maintenance worker is primarily responsible for road surface and drainage maintenance. Responsibilities may include: 
 Job Duties 
 
 Operating a variety of small and medium tools and equipment to fulfill job duties; including but not limited to plate tampers, generators, cut saws, chain saws, shovels, rakes, etc. in a safe manner 
 Operating company vehicles as required in a responsible manner 
 Assisting with other physical labour tasks as required 
 Completing time cards and materials logs with care and accuracy 
 Maintaining a professional appearance and deal with the public in a respectful and courteous manner at all times 
 Drive in a safe and defensive manner at all times, avoid careless errors at all costs 
 Have a good idea of your surroundings on where equipment and personal is located in your working zone. Have good judgement and ability to make decisions 
 
 **  This is a physically demanding job which requires working outdoors in all weather conditions. The applicant must be able to lift / carry heavy objects and do repetitive tasks. ** 
 Requirements 
 
 Valid driver’s license 
 Possess a clean driver abstract 
 Must be able to read, write and communicate effectively in English 
 Positive attitude and presentation 
 Ability to engage in physical labour on a daily basis 
 Ability to work a flexible shift schedule if necessary 
 
 Compensation 
 Wages are competitive and based on knowledge and experience. Victoria Contracting offers a fun and challenging work environment. To apply, please email your resume, clearly communicating how you meet the qualifications outlined in this posting. 
 Job Type: Full-time 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Salary: $18.00-$22.00 per hour 
 Benefits: 
 
 Casual dress 
 Dental care 
 Extended health care 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Skilled Labor: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 Drivers Licence (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
