Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Financial Accountant 
 Pinnacle Renewable Energy 
 __Richmond, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Overview: 
As part of the Corporate Accounting group, the Financial Accountant is a self-starter who takes ownership of their work and has a keen ability to problem solve, communicate and collaborate effectively in a team. 
 Reporting to the Senior Accounting Manager, the Financial Accountant is responsible for month-end activities, which include preparing account reconciliations and journal entries, and assisting in the delivery of accurate and timely management reports and analysis. The Financial Accountant will also support internal control compliance and other accounting functions, including accounts payable and accounts receivable. 
 Core Duties and Responsibilities: 
Perform month-end process, including preparation of journal entries, account reconciliations and working papers. 
Assist in monthly management reports by performing variance analysis for operating results against prior periods and budgets and determine root cause of variances. 
Review intercompany transactions and perform reconciliations of intercompany accounts. 
Provide support to operations accounting team for various projects and issues encountered. 
Assist Sales and Logistics AP and AR functions, including entering and coding of vendor/customer invoices, making AP/AR accruals for period end reporting. 
Assist in internal control compliance testing and process/system improvement. 
Participate in quarterly financial statements review and annual audit process, including preparation of working papers and lead sheets for external consultants and auditors. 
Work cooperatively and effectively with other team members 
Complete additional projects or related duties as required. 
Minimum Requirements (Experience, Education, Qualifications, Skills, Abilities) 
 2 to 4 years progressive full cycle Accounting experience in total, preferably in wood products or manufacturing industry. 
Completed Bachelors of Business Admin, Commerce or related degree from a recognized institution. 
In pursuit of CPA designation. 
Knowledge and experience using NetSuite and Prophix considered an asset. 
Demonstrated ability to prioritize and manage multiple projects at the same time. 
Proven commitment to Owning Safety, both personally and through positive influence on all stakeholders. 
Strong stakeholder management focus. 
Excellent oral and written communication skills. 
Advanced Excel skills, and strong MS Office Suite proficiency. 
Foundational Characteristics 
 Works with a strong sense of urgency and able to meet deadlines and operate in an evolving, high paced environment with changing demands and priorities. 
Does not need all information to navigate effectively. 
Listens and is open to delivering and receiving feedback. 
Demonstrates nimbleness within a dynamic environment. 
Demonstrates a hands-on attitude and an attention to detail. 
Demonstrates a willingness to pitch in wherever needed. 
Authentic, respectful, diplomatic, thoughtful. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
