RSS Feed 
 
 Skip to navigation 
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to secondary content 
 Skip to footer 
 
 RandomlyPam 
 Random Thoughts and Events 
 
 Home 
 About Random Thoughts 
 Kids and Family 
 
 Tag Archives: job 
 Any Job in the World 
 Posted on  February 1, 2011  by  Pam 
 What if's at times in our lives tend to run on the negative side but what if you could have any job in the world? The possibilities are endless. When I was little I wanted to be Barbie…that's ok you can laugh but really think about it she has everything and great clothes. I really wanted to be a mom and boy is that job A LOT harder than a little girl thinks it could be. 
 Our local casino is having auditions for a Firefighter Calendar…I could be a professional judge for those kind of events LOL That might get boring after a while. Kids now a days all want to be video game testers but I would not be very good at that I am horrible at video games. 
 I can't be a professional Cityville player on Facebook…probably doesn't pay well anyhow. I know that there are professional bloggers but I am not sure that anyone reads my blog anyhow so that might make it tough to make any money. I could always be a professional student…I wonder how many different degrees I could achieve in my life time? 
 I'm a pretty good wife but I am not sure what the market is for that outside of my own husband thinking I am priceless. What about an ice cream tester…that would be tasty. I love to sew but I think that I would lose some of the love if I HAD to all the time. I love to cook and I'm not too bad as long as I can use utensils to flip my eggs (whole other story) but not really what I have in mind. 
 I would make a pretty good party or events planner. That is one thing that I have always enjoyed and am good at. I have been a barista part time…fun but I drank too much coffee and it can get kinda messy. Technology testing would be cool…think of all the fun gadgets you could have first to play with. Jewelry tester would be even better…try it on, wear it to go out…has possibilities. I wonder what the market is like for that? I know several people who would make great professional shoppers, you shop the fun kind of shopping. I would be best at teaching people the most efficient way to grocery shop. I can do Costco in record time and still spend $300, having food for a month. (Record time was 54 minutes from parking to pulling out of the parking spot) 
 I guess the best job in the world would be one that makes me happy, lets me use my skills, challenge me to some degree, and where I would still be a wife and mom. That would be the perfect job, maybe I already have it. 
 1 Comment 
 Posted in  Uncategorized  and tagged  family ,  job ,  postaday2011 ,  shopping ,  The DailyPost . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 
 
 Tags 
 
 
 age   Aha   babies   beach   bible   blessings   books   bravery   Challengeaday   comedy   crazy stuff   Easter   facebook   faith   family   food   friends   friendship   funny   happiness   happy   heroes   heroines   history   home   hometown   hope   house   husband   internet   job   kids   kindness   laughing   laughter   Laundry   life   live   love   Moments   money   movies   music   nights   older   pictures   postaday2011   procrastination   rain   reality   remember   road trip   shopping   sin   sleep   sounds   Spring   stuff   teachers   teaching   technology   The DailyPost   thinking   thoughts   topics   trouble   truth   tv   vacation   Valentine's Day   words   young 
 
 
 
 
 
 January 2021 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 
 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 
 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 
 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 31 
 
 
 
 « Apr 
 
 
 RandomlyPam 
 
 motto is...give me coffee & we will all get along!  9 years ago 
 "BOOTS ON THE GROUND" DISASTER DRILL PLANNED FOR APRIL 21ST:   wp.me/p1e9wh-ib   9 years ago 
 Trump: I have ‘real doubts’ Obama was born in U.S. - TODAY People - TODAY.com   today.msnbc.msn.com/id/42469703/ns…  via @ todayshow   9 years ago 
 April Fool's  http://wp.me/p14BGy-41   9 years ago 
 Time Off  http://wp.me/p14BGy-3Y   9 years ago 
 RT @ AineBelton : One of the secrets of a long & fruitful life, is to forgive everybody & everything before you go to bed ~Ann Landers  9 years ago 
 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 April Fool's 
 Time Off 
 Secrets 
 Mindless Entertainment 
 Days of Spring 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Archives Select Month April 2011  March 2011  February 2011  January 2011  December 2010  November 2010  October 2010  September 2010 
 
 
 Email Subscription 
 
 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 1 other follower 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
