Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Analyst, Business Process Improvement 
 Loblaw Companies Limited 
 __Brampton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
1 Presidents Choice Circle, Brampton, Ontario, L6Y 5S5 
 The decision to join a company is a big one. We have opportunities for hard working, energetic and reliable people just like you. 
 Why is this role important? 
 The Enterprise Business Process Management (EBPM) team has exciting opportunities for hard working, energetic and reliable people just like you. The mission of the EBPM team is to ensure processes connect end to end to seamlessly deliver value. Our vision is to be a strategic business partner across the Loblaw Enterprise to operationalize the business strategy including innovation, agility, effectiveness and efficiency. 
 The primary focus of this role is to lead and provide analytical support to the EBPM team on continuous improvement projects. Primary responsibilities are to utilize Lean Six Sigma concepts and methodologies to identify business improvements, extract systems data, provide business insights, create meaningful reports and presentations, conduct and/or support activities such as time studies, manual data collection, root cause analysis, and workshops to integrate solutions and improve efficiency. In this role, you will be working with the EBPM team as well as various business stakeholders. 
 What you’ll do: 
Support the EBPM team by participating in various process improvement workshops, supporting data analysis requirements for the workshops, and creating summary reports and presentations on data analysis findings 
Work within a project team to assist in solution designs focusing on process improvement initiatives 
Work with project teams and stakeholder groups to build requirements and objectives 
Cultivate and establish relationships with stakeholder groups in order to define guiding principles 
Support project teams in execution and delivery of Enterprise Business Process initiatives 
Develop analytical approaches to meet business requirements 
Extract data and conduct analyses required for aligning and measuring key metrics in support of objectives 
Communicate complex quantitative analysis in a clear, precise, and actionable manner across the organization to peers and Senior Leadership 
Create summary reports and presentation in PowerPoint with visual management and depiction of data 
Own development of Key Metric Dashboards to support projects and business initiatives giving management board level colleagues visibility to issues 
 What You 'll Need: 
University Degree in quantitative discipline such as Engineering, Mathematics, Business, Statistics, Computer Science, or equivalent work experience. A degree in MBA is an asset. 
Process Improvement, Industrial Engineering, or Data Analysis experience is an asset 
Advanced Computer skills (Microsoft Word, Excel, Project, Visio) and advance experience with VBA 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills as the role requires intensive interaction with internal clients 
A strong attention to detail and quality 
Excellent analytical and conceptual thinking skills with an ability to derive meaningful interpretations from data 
Excellent ability to storyboard and create meaningful presentation in Powerpoint 
Ability to self-organize multiple tasks well and to complete them on time with a clear focus on quantitative results 
Experience in process improvement and Lean Six Sigma, and/or Business Process Management is an asset 
Lean Six Sigma Green Belt certification is an asset 
Data Query experience in SAS, SQL is an asset 
 How You’ll Succeed: 
At Loblaw, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Employment Type: 
Full time 
 Type of Role: 
Regular 
 Type of Contract: 
Loblaw recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. 
 Please Note:  If you have Employee Self Service (ESS) on Workday, apply to this job via the Workday application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
