Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 EDI Analyst - CFF 
 Fastfrate 
 __Woodbridge, ON 
 Apply Now 
 The electronic data interchange (EDI) Analyst’s responsibility is to develop, coordinate, implement, and manage all EDI-related developments for the Fastfrate group of companies. Working on the EDI/Development team, this position is responsible for onboarding new customers and suppliers to our EDI system using CLEO and Truckmate/TMW Suite. They coordinate all EDI testing, implementations, and upgrades. Additionally, the EDI Analyst serves as the primary link between the business and any data-trading partners (both suppliers and customers). 
 Duties: 
 
 Working with Sales and the Systems team, onboards EDI Customers and Suppliers. 
 Acts as point of contact between development staff and internal and external users. 
 Provides manager with daily updates on health and status of current production issues. 
 Communicates production issues to alert the business of impact. 
 Leads, coordinates, and administers key process improvements to Truckmate/CLEO implementations. 
 Coordinates with our software suppliers at TMW and CLEO to ensure timely setup or resolution of open EDI issues 
 Recommends and executes modifications to EDI to improve efficiency, reliability, and performance. 
 Establishes and implements policies, procedures, and technologies to ensure EDI and Truckmate/CLEO system integrity. 
 Develops and maintains EDI and Truckmate process documentation, EDI and Truckmate training materials and systems documentation. 
 Provides orientation and training to end-users for modified and new systems 
 Performs other job duties as required. 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Bachelor’s degree in Computer Science or Information Systems preferred. 
 2 Years of EDI experience, preferably in the transportation industry 
 Experience with TMW Truckmate preferred 
 Experience with CLEO preferred 
 Experience in documenting and maintaining configuration and process information. 
 Installing, configuring, and maintaining EDI systems in Truckmate/TMW Suite/CLEO. 
 Experience dealing with internal and external EDI customers 
 Working in a team oriented, collaborative, fast-paced high demand environment. 
 
 Skills/Abilities: 
 
 EDI standard formats for transportation including 204, 214, 210, 990, 997 
 Knowledge of Rail or Retail EDI would be a bonus 
 Working Knowledge of TMW Truckmate and CLEO EDI preferred 
 T-SQL knowledge would be a benefit 
 Self-Starter who can work on their own and as part of a team 
 Good written language skills in English for process documentation 
 Strong analytical and problem-solving abilities. 
 Able to prioritize and execute tasks in a high-pressure environment. 
 Knowledge of Crystal Reports design and execution would be a benefit 
 
 Job Type: Full-time 
 Experience: 
 
 EDI, preferably in transportation industry: 2 years (Preferred) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
