Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Account Manager 
 Real Estate Webmasters 
 __Nanaimo, BC 
 Apply Now 
 REW is looking for an experienced, proactive sales professional to join our high performing team, who will contribute to the ongoing success of Real Estate Webmasters sales organization. 
 What you bring: 
 You have high standards, are motivated to learn and grow, and enjoy the challenge of working with your clients to build their business. You have strong work ethics and are accountable to your commitments. You don't wait for things to happen, but instead take the initiative to make them happen. 
 What you will get in return: 
 REW values excellence and recognizes achievements. Results are rewarded by competitive compensation, comprehensive benefits, and amazing opportunities/projects. On top of all this you can earn even more through our sales commission plan. From time to time, we may ask for you to step in and step up to support your team. We appreciate and give back for your extra efforts. As a hybrid workplace, we understand flexibility is important, and offer the opportunity to work remotely. You will work with an amazing team (REW team members are the BEST), who always strive to make a difference, and consistently live our core values: Always be Awesome, Customer Success, and Innovation. 
 Key Responsibilities: 
 
 
 Manage and maintain current client book of business 
 
 
 Prospect for new business development, including warm calling 
 
 
 Meet or exceed individual monthly sales targets/goals 
 
 
 Track client and prospect interactions in Salesforce 
 
 
 Establish and maintain positive customer relationships 
 
 
 Resolve customer issues in a timely manner to ensure satisfaction 
 
 
 To be successful in this role you will have: 
 
 
 3 years experience in a fast paced sales environment 
 
 
 Well-refined organizational skills, ability to multitask, self-starter 
 
 
 Ability to learn a wide spectrum of product knowledge 
 
 
 Excellent communication skills, ability to express yourself in a clear, and concise manner while maintaining a professional tone 
 
 
 Passion for personal development, self-motivation and a willingness to take initiative to grow your skills and enhance your industry knowledge and expertise 
 
 
 Integrity and a passion for building success by developing relationships with your clients 
 
 
 Preferred Experience: 
 
 
 Experience working in Salesforce or a with a CRM 
 
 
 Experience selling SaaS products 
 
 
 Basic understanding of websites, front-end, and backend 
 
 
 Experience working with Google Suite, DocuSign. 
 
 
 Experience with contract selling 
 
 
 If you are a relationship builder, passionate about technology, and get excited about helping your clients succeed, this may be the role for you. 
 Real Estate Webmasters: 
 Real Estate Webmasters knows what it takes to create a phenomenal online experience and achieve incredible results. With 14 years’ experience working exclusively within the real estate sector, REW has partnered with top brands, elevating their digital presence and increasing their success. 
 Client products & services offered by Real Estate Webmasters include Websites, CRM, Databases, Apps, Property Listing Data Integration, Lead Generation, Search Engine Optimization, and Pay Per Click Advertising. REW’s Clients include individual agents, brokers, teams, and enterprise brokerages; all of whom may choose to have Property Listings data displayed on their websites. 
 Our Values: 
 Customer Success: we focus on helping our Clients (realtors) be successful. 
 Innovation: we have an open mind and look toward doing things differently or better in our products and processes. 
 Always be Awesome: we are helpful and supportive and kind in how we treat each other. 
 This opportunity exists at our downtown Nanaimo (Vancouver Island) location. Accommodations are available for applicants with disabilities throughout the recruitment process. If you require accommodations for interviews or other meetings, please advise when submitting your application. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Commission, Permanent 
 Salary: $0.00 per year 
 Additional pay: 
 
 Bonus pay 
 Commission pay 
 
 Benefits: 
 
 Casual dress 
 Company events 
 Dental care 
 Disability insurance 
 Employee assistance program 
 Extended health care 
 Life insurance 
 Paid time off 
 Work from home 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 Experience: 
 
 sales: 3 years (Preferred) 
 
 Location: 
 
 Nanaimo, BC (Required) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
