Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 AMHSP with Clinical Academic Colleague Appointment Position for Physiatrist, Division of Physical Medicine & Rehabilitation 
 University of Alberta 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry - Medicine Department 
Competition No. - A100642998 
Closing Date - Will remain open until filled. 
 Alberta Health Services in partnership with the University of Alberta, Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry, Department of Medicine, Division of Physical Medicine & Rehabilitation, invites applications for a full-time AMHSP “Staff Physiatrist” to be based at the Glenrose Rehabilitation Hospital. Located in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, the Faculty has been internationally recognized as among the world’s top 50 medical schools and as one of Canada’s premier health-education institutions. The University is currently home to more than 38,000 students with more than 15,000 faculty and staff. 
 The Division of Physical Medicine and Rehabilitation in the Department of Medicine is home to 9 full-time academic physiatrists and researchers and approximately 25 associated clinical academic colleagues. The Division has one of the longest running and best known Physical Medicine & Rehabilitation residency training programs in Canada and currently has 16 full-time medical trainees. In addition to clinical training, the Division of Physical Medicine & Rehabilitation has a record of strong and well-funded research, particularly in the areas of spinal cord injury recovery and treatment as well as neuro-prosthetics and neural integration. Faculty members also host and supervise a number of graduate students in a variety of disciplines. Our Division members have been the recipients of many national and international awards recognizing their contributions to rehabilitation science and education. A new CFI Centre for Neuro-rehabilitation and Rehabilitation Neuroscience is also under the direction of faculty in our Division. The Division of Physical Medicine & Rehabilitation is also strongly associated with the Glenrose Rehabilitation Hospital, one of the largest freestanding rehabilitation hospitals in North America, serving all of Northern Alberta, parts of British Columbia, and northern Canada. 
 The successful candidate will be a Canadian citizen or permanent resident, and an MD with certification in Physical Medicine & Rehabilitation with the Royal College of Physicians & Surgeons of Canada, be eligible for licensure with the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Alberta (CPSA) and have demonstrable clinical experience in inpatient rehabilitation management of persons with general neurological disorders, spinal cord injury, stroke and/or amputation. Leadership and electronic medical records development experience is strongly desirable. 
 Key accountabilities of the Staff Physiatrist will include clinical services such as inpatient rehabilitation bed coverage at the Glenrose Rehabilitation Hospital, and longitudinal Physiatric follow-up for persons with complex rehabilitation problems. 
 The successful applicant will be expected to apply for a Clinical Academic Colleague Appointment in the Department of Medicine, University of Alberta, which will be considered under a separate process through the Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry. 
 Interested candidates are asked to submit online a letter of intent and curriculum vitae outlining their education, qualifications, experience, research interests, along with three letters of reference. 
 FOR MORE INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT 
 Dr. Chester Ho 
 Director, Division of Physical Medicine & Rehabilitation 
 Department of Medicine 
 Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry 
 Room 5-020G Katz Group Centre 
 Edmonton, Alberta, Canada T6G 2E3 
 Applications will begin being reviewed as they are received; however, the competition will remain open until the position is filled. 
 The City of Edmonton, with a growing population of over one million, is the cosmopolitan capital of Alberta known as “The City of Festivals”. With an abundance of services, a beautiful river valley, a multitude of community activities and attractive and financially reasonable living accommodation options, our energetic city has something for everyone. For further details about our vibrant city, please visit www.edmonton.ca. 
 Details about the University of Alberta, the Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry and the Department of Medicine can be found on the Faculty’s Home Page at www.ualberta.ca. 
 Details about Alberta Health Services can be found at www.albertahealthservices.ca and. 
 How to Apply 
 Note:  Online applications are accepted until midnight Mountain Standard Time of the closing date. 
 All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. If suitable Canadian citizens or permanent residents cannot be found, other individuals will be considered. The University of Alberta is committed to an equitable, diverse, and inclusive workforce. We welcome applications from all qualified persons. We encourage women; First Nations, Métis and Inuit persons; members of visible minority groups; persons with disabilities; persons of any sexual orientation or gender identity and expression; and all those who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas and the University to apply. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
