 Work Hays  
 Menu  __ 
  WorkHays   __ 
 
 
  Jobs __ 
 
 
  Employers __ 
 
 
  About __ 
 
 
  Contact __ 
 
 
  Sign Up __ 
 
 
  Sign In __ 
 
 
  Jobs  
 
 
  Employers  
 
 
  About  
 
 
  Contact  
 
 
  Sign Up  
 
 
  Sign In  
 
 
 University Police Officer 
 Apply for the position, University Police Officer, with Fort Hays State University today or contact Human Resource Office for more information. Posted Oct 12, 2020. 
  Apply Online  __    785-628-4462  __    [email protected] __    View Employer  __ 
 Description 
 POSITION DESCRIPTION  : This is commissioned law enforcement work in providing police protection for a regent’s institution. Work involves enforcement of municipal ordinances, county resolutions and state statutes. Enforcement of rules, regulations and policies of the University and the Board of Regents. Patrols an assigned area, exercises full law enforcement powers, conducts criminal investigations, collects evidence and prepares appropriate reports.  The position requires initial and continual certification as set forth and defined by the Kansas commission on peace officers’ standards and training. 
 MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS  : Qualified candidates must be 21 years of age, a U.S. Citizen; have been fingerprinted and a search of local, state and national fingerprint files made to determine whether the applicant has a criminal record; not have been convicted of a crime that would constitute a felony under the laws of this state, a misdemeanor crime of domestic violence or a misdemeanor offense that the commission determines reflects on the honesty, trustworthiness, integrity or competence of the applicant as defined by rules and regulations of the Kansas commission on peace officers’ standards and training; have graduated from a high school accredited by the Kansas state board of education or the appropriate accrediting agency of another state jurisdiction or have obtained the equivalent of a high school education as defined by rules and regulations of the commission; be of good moral character sufficient to warrant the public trust in the applicant as a police officer or law enforcement officer; have completed an assessment, including psychological testing approved by the commission, to determine that the applicant does not have a mental or personality disorder that would adversely affect the ability to perform the essential functions of a police officer or law enforcement officer with reasonable skill, safety and judgment be free of any physical or mental condition which adversely affects the ability to perform the essential functions of a police officer or law enforcement officer with reasonable skill, safety and judgment and obtain initial and continual certification as set forth and defined by the Kansas commission on peace officers’ standards and training. At time of appointment, candidate must have passed a standardized written test, polygraph examination, background investigation, physical and a drug screening testing. 
 PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS  : Graduate of Kansas Law Enforcement Training Center or other state agency that meets the same standard. A college degree is preferred, but not required. 
 APPLICATION DEADLINE  : Position will remain open until filled. 
 SALARY  : Hourly rate $16.23 
 _ _ 
 BENEFITS  : Competitive benefit package  http://www.fhsu.edu/humanresourceoffice/Prospective-Employees/ 
 RESPONSIBILITIES  : 
 
 Observes buildings and offices, streets, etc., while on patrol to determine whether conditions appear in order. Checks exterior of premises for unusual signs which might indicate illegal entry, and speaks to occupants to assure that everything is in order. Identifies locations and times when criminal activity and/or traffic problems are most likely to occur in a particular district. 
 Responds to emergency situations such as fires, injury accidents, hold up alarms, fire alarms and intrusion alarms, bomb and other threats, and initiates immediate action to preserve life, preserve evidence and control the situation. Decides when an emergency response is necessary. 
 Maintains care and control of authorized equipment, vehicles and firearms and reports malfunctions. 
 Locates, collects, preserves, verifies, and critically analyzes information and evidence during patrol activities, calls for service, emergency situations, and criminal investigations. Performs surveillance operations. Interviews complainants, witnesses, suspects and others as needed. 
 Completes written reports in compliance with Kansas Administrative Regulations and departmental procedures, and makes oral reports as needed. 
 Uses a variety of communication skills and special techniques to interact formally and informally with community groups. Provides information upon request about police policies, procedures and techniques as they affect the public. Maintains relations with other law enforcement agencies. 
 Considers circumstances of an observed or suspected violation of law and determines whether to initiate an investigation or to stop and frisk an individual, or whether probably cause exists to arrest and search an individual incident to the arrest without a warrant, and makes arrest or search. 
 Directs and controls traffic flow and pedestrian movement on campus. Patrols streets and related areas to see that streets, drives and fire lanes are open and enforces observed traffic violations. Issues University parking citations, and issues moving traffic violations into municipal or district courts. 
 Directs traffic flow at the accident scene, conduct an investigation as to its cause, photographs and sketches diagrams of accidents, and takes appropriate enforcement action. 
 Position is subject to callback upon need due to emergencies, criminal investigations, and criminal activity and staff shortages as deemed necessary by the Director of Police. 
 
 APPLICATION PROCESS:    To apply for this position, please visit  https://fhsu.wd1.myworkdayjobs.com/CAREERS .  Only electronic applications submitted through the webpage will be accepted. ** 
 REQUIRED APPLICATION DOCUMENTS**:  Applicants should submit a cover letter, resume, and names and contact information for three professional references. Applicant documents should be submitted in one PDF. 
 If you have questions regarding the position, please contact: 
 Name   : Ed Howell or Cliff Denny 
 Email   : Ed (   [email protected]   ) Cliff (   [email protected]  _) 
_ **  Phone **  : (785) 628-5304 
  __ Share     __ Email  
 Position Title 
 University Police Officer 
 Full Time / Part Time 
 Full Time 
 Employer 
  Fort Hays State University  
 Employer Contact 
 Human Resource Office 
 Created On 
 Oct 12, 2020 
 Last Updated 
 Jan 21, 2021 
 © Work Hays 2021 
 Privacy Policy  |  Terms of Service  |  Help 
 v1607744121342 
