If you're seeing this message, that means  JavaScript has been disabled on your browser  , please  enable JS  to make this app work. 
 Dismiss 
 WEDDING CONSULTANT & COORDINATOR 
 Wedgewood Weddings Fresno](/careers/wedgewood-weddings) Fresno, CA 
 Share 
 
 
 compensation depends on experience 
+ Bonuses 
 
 
 Full Time 
 
 
 Health Insurance, Dental Insurance, Vision Insurance, 401K / Retirement, Meal Plan / Free Food 
 
 
 Employer Very Unlikely to Respond 
 
 
 Are you a wedding fanatic? If you are, we might be a match! 
 Wedgewood Weddings  is looking for someone to join our team of  Catering Managers  (our Consultant/Coordinator position) servicing weddings ceremonies & receptions, social and corporate events and more! 
 A  Wedgewood   Catering Manager  (  CM  ) is responsible for hands-on managing the wedding experiences of  Wedgewood  couples from the first site visit to the day we send them their one-year anniversary card. We look for people with magnetic, high-energy personalities with outstanding interpersonal skills. 
 A successful  CM  has the right balance of the competitive drive needed to achieve sales goals and the genuine empathy required to shepherd couples through the wedding planning process. The relationship and rapport between our  CMs  and our couples are strong. Our  CMs  actual coordinate the wedding “Day Of" for our couples, so it is truly a "Start-To-Finish" experience. 
 Remember, we work when our clients and guests play, so weekend and evening availability is required. 
 Qualified  CM  candidates have a positive attitude and a brilliant smile! Oh yes, there are few more things! Our  CMs  have: 
 
 a passion for weddings, events, and  HOSPITALITY ! 
 tremendous interpersonal skills (Verbal/Written/Listening/Presentation) 
 strong organizational and time management skills 
 a willingness to do "whatever it takes" to get the job done 
 The ability to work a variety of shifts, weekends, evenings and holidays – hey, it's hospitality! 
 skills to be graceful under pressure 
 the ability to relate to a diverse set of team members and clients 
 a basic understanding of financial statements and revenue reports 
 a college degree or current affiliation with an accredited academic institution 
 two years Catering/Sales/Hospitality experience (preferred but not required) 
 strong computer skills including working knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel and Outlook 
 
 Our company culture fosters diversity, teamwork, exceptional guest service and individual accountability—and a competitive compensation and benefits package including health, dental, vision and life insurance.   We also offer a 401k program with a company match! 
 Would you like to join us? Please apply via Workpop at your earliest convenience. 
 We look forward to learning about you, your experience and why you think you would be a great fit at  Wedgewood! 
 
 
 At  Wedgewood Weddings  , we are committed to being a great place to work! From growth opportunities to our dynamic  " Wedge"  culture, we work hard to provide a foundation for building successful careers. To be one of us, you need to have these building blocks: 
 
 Fiery passion for success in the wedding/event industry 
 Devotion to hospitality 
 Excellent attention to detail 
 Flawless communication skills 
 
 Our ultimate goal is to deliver the best value, service and convenience (or, our trademark  Valservenience™  ) to every client, every time. To achieve that goal, we hire the most highly qualified people in the industry who share our philosophy. Our company culture fosters diversity, teamwork, brilliant guest service and individual accountability. Would you like to join us?  We hope so! 
 More positions available 
 Apply Now 
 Apply Now 
 Password must have at least 8 characters 
 Continue 
 Already have a Workpop account? 
 Don't have an email address? 
 or 
 Continue with Facebook 
 By continuing using any of the actions above you acknowledge that you have read and agreed to Workpop's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Workpop is the preferred hiring service for employers and candidates worldwide. 
