mccrabass 
 I'm just here to better myself as a person. 
 Menu Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
 Search 
 Search for: 
 No job? I need an intern! 
 November 15, 2011November 15, 2011  /  julesagray 
 As of today, I've been unemployed for about ten months, so I need to do something drastic: I'm gonna hire an intern. 
 No, not like Kramer did on "Seinfeld"-give me a little more creative credit, folks. 
 Also, I think "hire" is the wrong term. 
 For those of you interested in applying, I have some strict rules. The main one is, you can't be under 30. Actually, 30 is pushing it, so it's best to be closer to the mid- to late-30s. You're not allowed to wear skinny jeans, Converse All-Stars tennis shoes, have ironic facial hair, wear patchouli, or have a hairstyle that even remotely resembles this: 
 
 Horrible, just horrible. 
 Or, this: 
 
 It's simple: McCrabass has good hair and so should you. 
 Other requirements: You're over 30, therefore, you should  not  be into either Zac Efron or Justin Bieber. If you are, go away. Now. Your kids can be into them, but their pre-moisty tastes do not give you permission to follow suit. 
 Also, you must have a  great & wicked  sense of humor, must not be a prude, be politically left-leaning (ha-DOY-YOY-YOY, but I don't mind moderates), be well read, don't mind cats and have your own computer. Oh and you must find those damn Jared Gallery of Jewelry tee vee ads as annoying as I do. 
 Typical day: 
 Arrive around 11:30am . I'll just be getting home from Bikram, so you can occupy yourself for a bit while I go through the de-stinking process. Help yourself to all the coffee, Splenda and Coffee Mate French Vanilla creamer you can cram down your gullet because that combo brings all those who indulge in it great happiness. 
 Noon:  Ummm…lunchtime. Hmm. We'll either forage through the fridge for morsels, OR we'll mosey on over to  Budacki's  for burgers & the best fries in Chicago, or  Ba Le  for sammiches. During our treks to and from those places, your job will be to keep the press away from me. You have my permission to use both salty language and  capoeira  to protect me. 
 1:30ish:  Nap time, but you'll need your own drool cup. I'll supply the hot cocoa, cookies and bankies. 
 2:00-2:15:  Wake up, or whatever. 
 2:30:  Surf the 'net for a bit. Then, we'll watch either  "Better Off Ted"  on my DVR, or work on my Charles Nelson Reilly Appreciation Seminar. 
 3:00:  Time for 2 hours of "Friends"* on TBS! This is where the real work is done. Your job is type up every funny line (it's not that tough-Joey, Phoebe and Chandler usually have the best lines-with Phoebe leading the way), then we'll discuss the merits of each line and rate them on some sort of "White People Who Are Living Unrealistic/Unattainable Lifestyles in the Village Humor Scale" (working title-your job is to come up with a better, snappier title). During this time, more web surfing is not only encouraged, but required. This is the best time to look for the best/worst amateur porn the Web has to offer. Trust me on this. 
 
 Shows may vary, depending on my mood and the tee vee schedule. If it's summer, we'll watch Wimbledon. If it's an Olympic year, the Olympics, etc. You know what I mean. 
 
 3:30:  Pre-cocktail cocktail hour. Find the raunchiest porn vid and post it a prudish friend's FB page. They'll thank you for it later. Also, work on your Barbara Stanwyck impression-we'll get into why this important in Week 3. 
 4:00:  Lead the discussion about which lines you've found to be the funniest so far. Be focused and be able to back up your findings. My friend/neighbor, Melissa, will join us from time to time and she has already agreed to weigh in on your final eval. During this time, I'll be mixing up a pitcher of Long Island Ice Teas in the kitchen-do NOT disturb me. 
 5:00:  You're free to go for the day, OR stay and watch an hour of "King of Queens." 
 A taste: 
 and 
 It's your choice. I'll see you in a couple of days, or next week. Whenever. 
 Rate this: 
 Share this: 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 More 
 
 
 
 
 
 Email 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Uncategorized 
 "Friends" ,  Ba Le ,  Barbara Stanwyck ,  Bikram ,  Budacki's ,  chicago ,  Coffee Mate creamer ,  Converse All-Stars ,  Facebook ,  Ironic facial hair ,  Justin Bieber ,  Kate Gosselin ,  naps ,  porn ,  Splenda ,  TBS ,  Zac Efron 
 Post navigation 
 <- Things not mundane 
 Tongue tired -> 
 6 thoughts on "No job? I need an intern!" 
 
 Tracy Lynn Deis 
 
  January 25, 2012 at 9:17 am  
 I want the damn position! This internship was made for me. LOL! 
 Reply 
 
 Lame Adventures Woman 
 
  November 16, 2011 at 12:50 pm  
 Wow, you sound like the ideal no-pay boss, but I must stick with my low paying one since I'm deathly allergic to the kitties. 
 Reply 
 
 Alice Singleton 
 
  November 15, 2011 at 11:32 pm  
 Well, I almost applied for this until I saw that only French Vanilla flavored "creamer" (uh, yeh, sure it is…) is available. 
 Reply 
 * [julesagray](https://mccrabass.wordpress.com)
 
  November 15, 2011 at 11:34 pm  
 I can get other flavors,..that's not a problem at all, hon! 
 Reply 
 
 Angela Camara Kelley 
 
  November 15, 2011 at 10:06 pm  
 what if we are not left-leaning but have utter disdain for both ends of the political spectrum, as well as everyone in the middle? don't be hatin' on the thinkers, man. 
 Reply 
 * [julesagray](https://mccrabass.wordpress.com)
 
  November 15, 2011 at 10:08 pm  
 Never said I was hatin' on the thinkers, lady. 
 Reply 
 Push it out, shove it out, waaaaay out...  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Follow my Chem Trail 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 275 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Email Subscription 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 275 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 Stuff I've Written.. 
 
 Dingus and a new blog 
 Five Things-Top 5 Worst Songs Edition-Pt. 1: May 4, 2014 
 Five Things-Seen Some Strange Shit Edition: 4/24/14 
 Five Things-Montana Edition: 4/17/14 
 Five Things-The Boobs Edition: 4/16/14 
 
   mccrabass 
 
 Dingus and a new blog 
 Five Things-Top 5 Worst Songs Edition-Pt. 1: May 4, 2014 
 Five Things-Seen Some Strange Shit Edition: 4/24/14 
 Five Things-Montana Edition: 4/17/14 
 Five Things-The Boobs Edition: 4/16/14 
 Five Things-The Ping Edition: 4/14/14 
 Five Things: 4/13/14-Spring Thaw Edition 
 Five Things-The Polar Vortex Edition: 1/28/14 
 Just in time for Valentine’s Day … 
 Five Things, The Damaged Shoulder Edition: 1/15/14 
 
 Tags and more tags 
 abortion   America   Arizona   Australia   Barack Obama   Bikram yoga   bikram yoga andersonville   birth   blood   boobs   California   chicago   China   comedy   Congress   Cook County   crime   death   Democrats   England   Facebook   fashion   film editing   Florida   France   funny   GOP   guns   Hillary Clinton   Hollywood   horses   humor   Illinois   India   Japan   jobs   journalism   Kardashians   Los Angeles   marriage   masturbation   media   Michigan   Mitt Romney   movies   MTV   murder   music   NaBloPoMo   naked   plastic surgery   politics   porn   POTUS   President Barack Obama   Presidential campaign   pro-choice   reality television   religion   Republicans   rock n' roll   sex   sex toys   shit   social media   tampons   tattoos   Texas   Tumblr   Twitter   unemployment   wacky   weird   women   writing 
 Categories 
 Categories Select Category 1970s 9/11 Abortion Al Qaeda Alcohol America Anime Ann Romney Arizona Art Atheism Australia Barack Obama Baseball Birth Birth control Birthday Body Art Bollywood Books bugs California Celebration Celebration of Mediocrity Celebrity deaths Cheating Chicago Chicago Bears Chicago Cubs China Coco Comedy Cook County Crime cycling Death penalty Debates Democrats Devil Disasters Doping Drugs Drunk Dumb Editing Education Entertainment industry Facebook Falling from Grace Family Fashion Fetish Film making Five Things Florida FLOTUS Food Football France Free Speech Ghosts Gun violence Health History Hollywood Homosexuals Horses Humor Illinois Immigration India Internets Japan Joe Biden Journalism Korea Lance Armstrong Law Law Enforcement Literature Los Angeles Love Madison Media Medicine Men meth Michelle Obama Military Mitt Romney Model Money Montana Movies Music NaBloPoMo Naked Nature New Jersey New York City NOLA Oh Moses smell the roses .. Ohio Oklahoma Olympics Oops Overrated Paul Ryan pets photography Plastic Surgery Podcast Politics Politics Porn Presidential campaign Punk R&B Race Raunchy Religion Religious zealotry Republicans Rock n' Roll Russia Scotland SCOTUS Sex Sikhism Snakes South Carolina Spiders Sport Squee Style Taliban Tattoos Tea Party Television Tennis Texas The Bible The South Travel Twitter Uncategorized Unemployment Vegan Vegetarianism Violence Wacky & Weird Wank War War on Women Weather What the Fuck? Wisconsin Women's Issues Wordpress YouTube 
 Future Days of Yore 
 
 
 
 November 2011 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 
 
 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 
 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 
 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 
 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 « Oct   Dec » 
 Search for: 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 So glad ‘The Mao Tse-Tung Hour’ is cancelled.  #TrumpsLastDay   5 hours ago 
 RT @ RashidaTlaib : Unf**king believable.   twitter.com/MaxBlumenthal/…   16 hours ago 
 @ mtgreenee  @ Twitter  @ jack  You're free to leave Twitter anytime.  1 day ago 
 The @ GOP  is now the ‘we’re asking the My Pillow Guy for national security advice’ party. Well done!  2 days ago 
 @ TheRealHoarse  I need a silkwood shower now.  2 days ago 
 
 Follow @julesagray 
 Blogroll 
 
 Ad-Libb3D 
 Adventures by Kim 
 Balloon Juice 
 Bikram Infinity 
 Candy Coated Rose Pedals 
 Coffee? Tea? Or Duty Free? 
 Coma Crawl 
 CREW 
 Db's Sound blog 
 Extreme Liberal's Blog 
 Fat Bottom Girl Said What 
 Fuchsia Woman 
 Geneva Photo 
 Get Inspired 
 Glimpses of South Pasadena 
 Guapola 
 Lame Adventures 
 Language Hat 
 Lloydville-one of my faves. 
 Lovely Bikram Blog! 
 Madame Weebles 
 Marguerite Darlington 
 Mark Czerniec 
 McCrabass on Tumblr 
 My pal JTM's blog 
 Notes from a Recovering nitpicker 
 Obalesque 
 Raving Mad Scientists 
 Robert Loerzel–the total coolest 
 Rufino Cabang-old pal from college 
 Sally's blog 
 Samalamadingdong 
 Secret life of a call girl 
 Sincerely, Slapdash 
 Small blue pearls 
 South Florida Lawyers 
 The Cunty Jew 
 The Frustrators 
 The Learned Fan Girl 
 THE MUSINGS OF A STORYTELLER BY ELEANOR LOIS TOMCZYK 
 Tracy Fulks 
 Under The Mountain Bunker 
 Unfettered BS 
 Vanessa Ament-Gjenvick 
 Way of cats 
 What Clothes! 
 
 The world of LinkedIn 
   
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
