Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Outside Sales Representative 
 AluminArt Windows and Doors 
 __Gatineau, QC 
 Apply Now 
 Are you a driven, independent, self-starter who constantly strives to be number one and has a proven track record of developing and nurturing lasting business relationships? 
 For over 40 years, Aluminart has been a trusted leader in providing Canadians with the highest quality home renovation products. Aluminart offers a full line of energy efficient storm doors, vinyl windows, entry doors and patio doors! 
 We are looking for dynamic and competitive sales professionals with a drive for closing business and a passion for serving customers! 
 We are a leading manufacturer of Windows and Doors and growing across the country with facilities and offices in Brampton, ON and Kelowna, B.C. We are seeking In Sales professionals with strong experience in Sales and in home consultations to Service 
 Gatineau, Ottawa & surrounding areas 
 We strive to be "Clearly The Best!" 
 You will be provided with warm Sales Leads for follow up; in addition to being encouraged to join the business development in developing new sales leads. You will achieve maximum sales profitability, growth and account penetration within your assigned territory by effectively selling the Company’s products to our Customers. 
 Integrity, passion and in-person presentation skills are essential for this role. 
 The successful Candidate(s) will; 
 · Perform presentations or demonstrations of the Company’s products in Customers’ homes. 
· Emphasize product/service features and benefits, quote prices and prepare sales order forms. 
· Ensure constant communication with Sales Managers 
· Update internal system/program on a consistent basis 
· Achieve sales goals by providing well-rounded solutions and market expertise 
· Be viewed by the customer as an industry expert on products and solution offerings. 
 Requirements: 
 · Strong ability to close a deal. 
· Be able to perform basic calculations, measurements and mathematical figures. 
· Basic computer skills are required. 
· Valid driver’s license with the ability to travel within assigned territory. 
· Must be flexible with work hours as appointments will be booked for days, evenings and weekends. 
· Experience in the Construction industry/Door and Window industry is preferred but not required. 
 Whats in it for you? 
- A professional team to back you up with re-measures, lead coordinators, installers etc. 
- This position offers the opportunity for growth and expansion. Our commission sales staff typically earn $60,000 + with the leads provided and encouraged to generate new sales leads 
 Please submit your resume to this posting. 
 AluminArt Windows and Doors is an equal opportunity employer. We welcome and encourage applications from people with disabilities. If you require an accommodation, please notify us and we will work with you to meet your needs. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Commission, Freelance 
 Salary: $25,000.00-$160,000.00 per year 
 Additional pay: 
 
 Commission pay 
 
 Benefits: 
 
 Flexible schedule 
 Work from home 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 Monday to Friday 
 Weekends 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Windows and Doors: 3 years (Preferred) 
 outside sales: 3 years (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 YES_OCCASIONALLY 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
