  
 
 Jobs 
 Features 
 Newsletter 
 Login 
 
 Talent  Startup 
 I am a 
 Jobseeker Talent 
 or a 
 Hiring Startup 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign up using linkedin   __ 
 Hello 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign in using linkedin   __ 
 Employers  __ 
 Employers  __ 
 __filters __search 
 Filter by category 
 All Jobs Developer Jobs Marketing Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Manager Jobs Customer Support Jobs Sales Jobs Data and Product Jobs Internships Co-Founder Roles Designer Jobs People and Other Jobs 
 Filter by type 
 full-time part-time freelance 
 Advanced Search 
 search jobs __ 
 Head of Events (Maternity Cover) 
 at Bright Network 
 go back to Manager Jobs 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 
 apply 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 
 
 Introducing Bright Network 
 At Bright Network, we connect ambitious young people from all backgrounds with the brightest career opportunities. Our leading platform provides members with the tools, advice and insights they need to access brilliant opportunities at global companies - ensuring the next generation finds the future they deserve and businesses identify the most powerful pipeline of tomorrow's talent. 
 We help 250+ leading employers such as KPMG, Goldman Sachs and McKinsey & Company reach and recruit a diverse and inclusive pool of high-calibre talent to inspire and empower the next generation to carve out their future … and that's where you come in! 
 We're looking for an experienced Head of Events to join our Events Team as a maternity cover for 10 months (February 2021-December 2021). 
 More about the opportunity 
 As the Head of Events you will lead and develop the events team as well as take ownership across the full portfolio of Bright Network's events, such as Women in Leadership, Black Heritage Future Leaders and Proud to B. 
 You will be leading a collaborative and growing Events team whose aim is to connect our employer partners and students through exclusive and innovative networking opportunities. The Events Managers and Event Marketeers that you manage balance strong project coordination and organisation skills with creativity to connect approximately 5,000 students with over 200 of our employer partners every year. 
 Specifically, you will : 
 
 Oversee the smooth running of the Bright Network events function by introducing best practices and innovation across events delivery, increasing quality and reducing cost 
 Develop and deliver the business' events strategy collaborating across every level of the business 
 Managing and developing a high performing team of four 
 Oversee events KPIs and targets, including the design and operation of relevant dashboards and reports to forecast, measure, analyse and report on impact of events and ROI 
 Deliver end-to-end event management, including but not limited to, preparation and coordination of our (normally in person, currently virtual) events, overseeing the smooth running of the day 
 Manage our current portfolio of event clients - working closely with the Sales and Marketing teams to understand client needs and driving positive ROI. 
 Oversee a £300,000+ events budget, ensuring all events are under or on budget 
 Build strong working relationships with clients and vendors, including onboarding & acting as first port of call for issues. 
 Liaise with students regarding events, from application through to post-event survey. 
 Collaborate with the Marketing team to ensure events are promoted effectively, reviewing and proofing print and digital marketing materials. 
 
 Does this sound like you? 
 
 You have at least 7+ years' experience in successful end-to-end event management as well owning the events calendar for a business 
 You have experience in team management and are confident as a people manager, adviser and coach to develop the team's skills and enhance performance 
 You're a confident and articulate communicator with a natural ability to build strong & long-lasting relationships with senior internal stakeholders, clients, students & vendors. 
 You are responsible and proactive; taking accountability and ownership to drive ideas forward in a collaborative way. 
 You have a strong understanding of budget control and cost. 
 You're exceptionally organised with meticulous attention to detail - able to maintain a calm demeanour under the pressure of competing deadlines. 
 Experience in the youth market or within a fast-growing small business would be beneficial but not essential 
 Experience using any of the following would be beneficial, but not essential : Salesforce, Formstack, dotmailer, virtual events platforms, Google Suite, HTML, or website management. 
 
 We can offer you : 
 
 The opportunity to work in a high-growth and rapidly scaling business ( we recently secured £3.5 million in funding ). 
 A transparent, values-driven & collaborative working culture (which you can  hear more about here! ). 
 Unlimited holiday & flexible/remote working. 
 Open plan Liverpool Street office, with snacks, beer tap & team drinks on Fridays. 
 Regular team socials and the annual full team off-site. 
 
 Key details : 
 
 Salary :  Competitive base salary dependent on experience 
 Start Date :  February 2021 (can be flexible for the right candidate) 
 Location :  London, Liverpool Street (although we're currently working remotely) 
 Please note that due to the cyclical nature of our events season, holiday approval will be limited from August-November and February-March. 
 
 Application & interview process : 
 
 Initial screening call :  20-30 minute Zoom call with our People Team 
 1 st round :  45-60 minute interview with our Head of Events 
 2 nd round :  60 minute presentation & panel interview 
 Final round :  Virtual coffee / chat with our CEO 
 
 Applications will be reviewed on a first come, first served basis. 
 We'll respond to successful applicants within five working days. If you haven't heard back from us within that time frame, then unfortunately your application has been unsuccessful. If that is the case, we encourage you to keep checking the  Bright Network Careers Page  for future job openings that might spark your interest! 
 Please note, right now we don't have a license to sponsor VISA applicants, so we are only able to accept applications from candidates who already have the full right to work in the UK. 
 Published at 23 Nov 2020 - Expires on 23 Jan 2021 
 You need to be logged in to apply.   Login  or  create an account . 
 Is this job ad fake? Report it! 
 ×  Warning! 
 __get the latest startup jobs emailed to you 
 Developer Jobs Designer Jobs Internships Marketing Jobs Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Co-Founder Roles Data and Product Jobs People and Other Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Customer Support Jobs 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;  
 and 
  Privacy Policy  
 and Cookie Use. 
 New Jobs Alert created! 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;   
 and 
  Privacy Policy   
 and Cookie Use. 
 other jobs at  Bright Network 
 fulltime  Event Marketing Manager  at Bright Network in London 
 __23-11-2020 
 
 
 * [Terms of Service](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/terms)
 
 
 Privacy 
 Cookie Policy 
 Acceptable Use Policy 
 Still Hiring 
 
 
 
 * [About Us](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/about)
 
 
 FAQ 
 Cities 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 * [__Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/workinstartups/)
 
 
 __Twitter 
 __Instagram 
 Blog 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Work In Startups 
 This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  Read more  Close 
