  
 
 
 DOCUMENTATION 
 
 
 WORKATO BLOG 
 
 
 PRODUCT BLOG 
 
 
 Return to Workato 
 
 
 Log in 
 
 
 ☰ 
 
 
 Solutions Articles 
 
 
 Forums/Discussions 
 
 
 Submitted Tickets 
 
 
 Enter your search term here... 
 
 
 __ Search 
  Solution home    Recipe 101   Recipe Basics 
 Understanding Job Reports 
 Created by: Alvin Ee 
 Modified on: Thu, Jul 27, 2017 at 1:33 PM 
 Job Reports is a powerful feature in Workato that you can use to get a full picture of the information that was moved between applications in a particular job. It allows you to diagnose if any of the data mapping in your recipe is not configured as desired, and it also gives you information on any jobs that have encountered errors. 
 When you are on a recipe page, you will see a couple of tabs that you can click, Job report being one of them. if you click on the job report tab, it should expand and show this interface: 
 You can see in the example above, Jobs with an error will be highlighted in red. 
 To access each job report, all you will need to do is to click on a particular row with the report you want to see, and you will be brought to a page that looks like this: 
 
 
 As you can see, you are able to expand the trigger and every step to see the data that is obtained (input) and used (output) in the integrations. 
 If you encounter an error, the report page would look something like this: 
 To understand more about troubleshooting recipe errors, click  here  for a guide. 
 If you want a tutorial to build custom Job Reports, click  here 
 A 
 Alvin is the author of this solution article. 
 Did you find it helpful? Yes No 
 Send feedback 
 Sorry we couldn't be helpful. Help us improve this article with your feedback. 
 Related Articles 
 Still can't find your solution? 
 Visit our forums  to search for answers, or post your own questions. 
 Documentation 
 Developer's Library 
 Tutorials 
 eBooks 
 Product Hour 
 Product Blog 
 Workato Blog 
 Product updates 
 Customer Stories 
 © Workato 2020   Privacy   Terms  [+1 (844) 469-6752](tel:+1 (844) 469-6752) 
 
 Documentation 
 Workato Blog 
 Product Blog 
 Solutions 
 Forums 
 Tickets 
 Log in 
 Return to Workato 
 
