Pura Vida Familia 
 Achieving the Pure Life in Costa Rica 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
 Category Archives: Career-Life Balance 
 Reflections on Being a SAHM vs Corporate Mom: Is There a Happy Middle? 
 Posted on  December 6, 2013  by  Noemi Gamel 
 Last week, as the kids and I were walking to the Monteverde Library, which is about a 45 minute walk from our house, Tristan, my 7 year-old boy, and I had a good little chat. It went like this: Tristan: …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  A Question Worth Answering ,  Career-Life Balance ,  Family Life ,  Reflections  | Tagged  family ,  kids ,  Mother ,  Redesign ,  redesign your life ,  SAHM ,  WAHM ,  Work at home parent  |  1 Comment 
 5 Blessings of Going From Breadwinner to Stay-At-Home Mom in Costa Rica 
 Posted on  December 4, 2013  by  Noemi Gamel 
 **DISCLAIMER: Please know that I am not advocating that being a stay-at-home-mom (SAHM) is more difficult than being a corporate mom or the other way around. By corporate mom I mean a mother who works in a salaried job outside …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  A Question Worth Answering ,  Career-Life Balance ,  Family Life  | Tagged  family ,  Home ,  kids ,  Mother ,  SAHM ,  Stay at Home Mothers  |  4 Comments 
 5 Challenges of Going From Breadwinner to Stay-At-Home Mom in Costa Rica 
 Posted on  December 2, 2013  by  Noemi Gamel 
 **DISCLAIMER: Please know that I am not advocating that being a stay-at-home-mom (SAHM) is more difficult than being a corporate mom or the other way around. By corporate mom I mean a mother who works in a salaried job outside …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  A Question Worth Answering ,  Career-Life Balance ,  Family Life  | Tagged  family ,  Home ,  Mother ,  SAHM ,  Stay at Home Mothers  |  1 Comment 
 3 Ways to Simplify Your Goals 
 Posted on  November 19, 2013  by  Noemi Gamel 
 Eighteen months ago, if anyone would have asked me, "What are your goals in life?", this is how I would have responded: "Well, my 15-year plan is to become Associate Dean of Medical Education, either here (my workplace at that …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  A Lesson Worth Learning ,  Career-Life Balance ,  Simplifying  | Tagged  expat ,  family ,  kids ,  Pura Vida ,  Redesign ,  redesign your life  |  3 Comments 
 Ladies: "You can have it all, just not at the same time." 
 Posted on  August 14, 2013  by  Noemi Gamel 
 I have been thinking a lot about motherhood this week. I have also been thinking a lot about my old life where I had a high-profile career and made good money. This is most likely brought on by the fact …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  Career-Life Balance ,  Family Life ,  Redesigning Your Life  | Tagged  family ,  kids ,  Mother ,  Redesign ,  redesign your life  |  3 Comments 
 Redesign Your Life: Making things better at work 
 Posted on  August 6, 2013  by  Noemi Gamel 
 As I posted in earlier blogs, up until a few months ago I was on the fast track in a career in academic medicine. I was at a high-point professionally even though I was still relatively early career. I was …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  Career-Life Balance  | Tagged  Career ,  Employment ,  Medicine ,  Redesign ,  redesign your life  |  3 Comments 
 Eat, Pray, Love….Eat your heart out! 
 Posted on  August 2, 2013  by  Noemi Gamel 
 A secret revealed…. I always wanted to be a writer. I was in Writing UIL when I was in middle school and I wrote for the school newspaper…..yes, I was that geeky! I wrote stories when I was a little …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  Becoming an Expat ,  Redesigning Your Life ,  Writing  | Tagged  expat ,  Redesign ,  redesign your life ,  writing  |  7 Comments 
 "Do you regret being a doctor?" 
 Posted on  July 17, 2013  by  Noemi Gamel 
 And the survey says….. A physician friend of mine recently posted a link on twitter to a national survey by Jackson Healthcare that indicated that 59% of the physicians surveyed were "somewhat unlikely" or "very unlikely" to recommend a young …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  Career-Life Balance  | Tagged  Health care ,  Medical school ,  Medicine ,  money ,  Physician  |  6 Comments 
 Why We Moved, Part 3: Rediscovering the joy of motherhood 
 Posted on  July 3, 2013  by  Noemi Gamel 
 It’s a cruel, cruel summer……(sorry, I just watched the original Karate Kid recently) The summer of 2012 was a difficult one. I was conflicted about what to do with regards to my job. My division chief, a dear friend who …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  Becoming an Expat ,  Career-Life Balance ,  Family Life ,  Parenting  | Tagged  Costa Rica ,  expat ,  family ,  kids ,  move abroad  |  29 Comments 
 Why We Moved, Part 2: My career bubble burst 
 Posted on  July 2, 2013  by  Noemi Gamel 
 Turning crisis into opportunity…. There is a host of personal and professional reasons as to why we uprooted ourselves from our idyllic, suburban, American fairytale life to live in a developing country. Not only that, we moved from one of …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  Becoming an Expat ,  Career-Life Balance  | Tagged  Costa Rica ,  expat ,  family ,  kids ,  move abroad ,  San Antonio ,  travel  |  21 Comments 
 
 
 Announcements: 
 
 
 Note  During the month of December, I will only be blogging Mondays, Wednesdays, and Fridays to be able to spend time with the family. THEME FOR THE WEEK of DECEMBER 16th: Reasons to Move to Costa Rica 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Merry Christmas From Costa Rica! 
 4 Bad Reasons to Move to Costa Rica 
 4 Good Reasons to Move to Costa Rica 
 5 Amazing Perks of Parenting in Costa Rica as an Expat 
 5 Challenges of Parenting in Costa Rica as an Expat 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 A Lesson Worth Learning 
 A Question Worth Answering 
 An Action Worth Doing 
 Becoming an Expat 
 Career-Life Balance 
 Centro de Educacion Creativa/Cloudforest School 
 Cost of Living 
 Cultural Adaptability/CultureShock 
 Dining Out in Costa Rica 
 Education 
 Family Life 
 Featured Blog or Guest 
 Financing Your Move Abroad 
 Foodie Stuff 
 Healthy Living and Fitness 
 Inspiring Action 
 Learning and Perfecting our Spanish 
 Living in Costa Rica 
 Living in Monteverde/Santa Elena 
 Money 
 Parenting 
 Political 
 Recipes 
 Redesigning Your Life 
 Reflections 
 Running 
 Schools in Costa Rica 
 Simplifying 
 Sustainability and Eco-Friendly 
 Travel 
 Travel to Costa Rica 
 Uncategorized 
 Unplugged Fun 
 Writing 
 
 
 
 
 
 Beach 
 Brazil 
 Caffeine 
 car 
 Career 
 Central America 
 Centro de Educacion Creativa 
 Charles Mann 
 Cloud forest 
 Cloudforest School 
 Cook 
 cooking 
 Costa Rica 
 Culture of Costa Rica 
 Culture shock 
 Dominical 
 education 
 Employment 
 expat 
 Expatriate 
 family 
 Farmer's Market 
 finances 
 fitness 
 Food 
 gratitude 
 Grocery store 
 Health 
 Health care 
 Hiking 
 Holiday 
 Home 
 International school 
 Jolly Roger 
 kids 
 Laura Chinchilla 
 Laureate Education 
 living healthy 
 MacBook Air 
 Manuel Antonio National Park 
 Medical school 
 Medicine 
 money 
 Monteverde 
 Monteverde Butterfly Garden 
 Mother 
 move abroad 
 Nicaragua 
 Pantanal 
 parenting 
 Physical exercise 
 Physician 
 Picadillo 
 Pura Vida 
 Quepos 
 Redesign 
 redesign your life 
 Rice 
 SAHM 
 Same-sex marriage 
 San Antonio 
 San Juan del Sur 
 Santa Elena 
 Southwild 
 Stay at Home Mothers 
 Summer camp 
 Thanksgiving 
 Tico 
 travel 
 Unplug 
 Vegetable 
 walking 
 Water heating 
 weight-loss 
 writing 
 
 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 
 
 My Tweets 
 
 
 RSS Feed 
 
 RSS - Posts 
 RSS - Comments 
 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Girl Gone International 
 Gringos Abroad 
 Huffington Post Travel 
 Learn WordPress.com 
 Living in and Traveling to Costa Rica 
 Pura Vida Kid-My girl's blog 
 Raining Joy 
 The Single Woman 
 Your Expat Child 
 
 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 
  Pura Vida Familia  
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
