  
 Menu Bar 
 
 __ 
 
 Go 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Job Search 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 New Graduates 
 Job Sites & Resources 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 
 
 Networking 
 
 Networking Tips 
 Networking Etiquette 
 Networking Events 
 Social Media & Online Networking 
 Elevator Speech 
 Informational Interviews 
 Networking Mistakes 
 FAQ About Networking 
 
 
 
 Cover Letter 
 
 Cover Letter Tips 
 Cover Letter Format 
 Cover Letter Samples 
 Cover Letter Mistakes 
 FAQ About Cover Letter Writing 
 
 
 
 Resume 
 
 Resume Tips 
 Resume Format 
 Resume Template 
 Resume Samples 
 Customizing Your Resume 
 Resume Formatting 
 Ideas & Alternatives 
 Resume Mistakes 
 Resume Writers 
 FAQ About Resume Writing 
 
 
 
 Interview 
 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Questions 
 Interview Skills 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Mistakes 
 Follow Up Interview Email 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Career Advancement 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 Continuing Education 
 Productivity 
 Work Relationships 
 Work Environment 
 Work Life Balance 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 
 Go 
 
  Home   
  Job Search   
 What to Do When You're Not Experienced 
 
 What to Do When You're Not Experienced 
 by Jesse Langley 
 When you're looking for a new job, it's easy to second guess yourself. It's probably natural and normal that most people do it, but don't sell yourself short. Honestly assess your education, skills, background, desires and potential, but also give yourself credit where credit is due. On the other hand, if you lack experience in a field or you're not receiving as many callbacks as you'd like, there are steps you can take to overcome little experience in a particular arena. 
 Begin by thoroughly examining the jobs that interest you, and making the commitment to go the extra mile to entice hiring managers. Once you've made some sacrifices to achieve the necessary credentials, you'll feel confident in your accomplishments, and those credentials will stand out to hiring managers as a sign of your passion and dedication to the career field you'd like to join. Below are just a few ways to attract the hiring manager's interest in you and your experience. 
 1. Volunteer 
 There's no better way to gain valuable experience and to contribute to the well-being of your community than volunteering. The right volunteering opportunity can give you the kind of diverse real-world experience in your field that can translate to valuable knowledge in your career. Start searching for volunteer opportunities online; there are several websites that can help you find an opportunity that works for you. 
 2. Work as an Unpaid Intern 
 Though not as altruistic as volunteering, an unpaid internship may be a position within the company for which you want to work. Working for that company can give you a preview of the workplace experience in the environment. An internship can also give your prospective employer a chance to see your work on a trial basis. 
 3. Enroll in Classes to Further Your Education 
 Sometimes additional knowledge can help prove your skills to your prospective employer. Online education is one way for you to take that extra step toward your dream career and job. You may even indicate your desire and willingness to learn or take additional classes to the hiring manager during the course of your interview if they present additional skills that come as a surprise to you. 
 4. Become Involved With a Trade Organization in Your Field 
 Membership in a professional or trade organization can help you get to know your peers in the field, which is an effective way to network. Being a part of a trade organization can also give you valuable insight into the nature of the job you want, skills that the job will require, and ways to achieve those skills and become the most qualified person for the job. 
 5. Project Your Excitement for and Commitment to the Job 
 Sometimes sincere passion can positively affect others. If you go into your interview with enthusiasm and confidence, you can convey your passion to the interviewer. Let them know that you are willing to learn and grow with the company if they believe in you and invest in you. 
 
 Jesse Langley  is a writer and editor living in Indianapolis. He writes on behalf of  Colorado Technical University . 
 Job Search Center 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 Job Sites & Resources by Profession 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 Recommended Articles 
 
 Why HR Just Isn't Into You  
 Back to Work: Advice for Parents Returning to the Workforce  
 3 Ways to Identify and Showcase Your Skills to Land a Job  
 Job Fairs Aren't for Sissies: 10 Tips to Improve Your Chances  
 What Happens When an Employer Does a Background Check About You?  
 5 Best Career Change Ideas and Advice in your Midlife  
 Prepare for Your Pre-Employment Assessment  
 
 FAQ 
 
 How to Write Your Resume and Cover Letter if You've Been Absent from the Workforce for a While? 
 How to Showcase Your Accomplishments? 
 How to Choose a Career That Fits Your Personality? 
 What Happens When an Employer Does a Background Check? 
 What Can You Do if You're Lacking Experience? 
 
 Job Search Center 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 Job Sites & Resources by Profession 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 Become a Contributor 
 We are always on the lookout for good writers. If you are a resume writer, career coach or human resources professional and would like to contribute, please  get in touch  and earn your badge! 
 
 WorkBloom's goal is to help you find work and reach your highest aspirations, one step at a time. 
 Featured Resources 
 
 Resume Writing 101  __ 
 Over 300 Resume Samples  __ 
 Cover Letter Writing 101  __ 
 Over 200 Cover Letter Samples  __ 
 The Holland Codes / RIASEC  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Job Search Center  __ 
 Networking Center  __ 
 Cover Letter Center  __ 
 Resume Center  __ 
 Interview Center  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Career Center  __ 
 Students & New Graduates Center  __ 
 Contributors  __ 
 Contact Us  __ 
 
 Copyright © 2006-2020 | All Rights Reserved |  Privacy Policy 
 × 
 Send 
