Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 TeleNurse - Healthlink BC 811, Burnaby 
 PHSA 
 __Burnaby, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Temporary Full time & Part Time Opportunities 
 (8 & 12 Hour Shift Rotations) 
 “Empowering others to make informed healthcare decisions one call at a time” 
 Learn more about Healthlink BC:  https://www.healthlinkbc.ca/tools-and-videos 
 Registered Nursesemployed under the BC Emergency Health Services are fully integrated into the two Lower Mainland HealthLink BC Contact Centres working exclusively for HealthLink BC within the Ministry of Health. As the gateway to non-emergency health information and advice in British Columbia, HealthLink BC is a phone number (8-1-1), a website (ww.healthLinkBC.ca), an iOS app and the BC HealthGuide Handbook, all of which put services and health know-how into the hands of BC residents. Nurses working at HealthLink BC provide heath information to BC residents 24/7/365. 
 ** To meet the needs of business continuity and safety standards, applicants must be flexibile to work at both locations (Burnaby & Langley). All reason efforts will be made to provide you with as much notice as possible in these cases. 
 You have: 
Current practicing registration as a Registered Nurse with the British Columbia College of Nurses & Midwives (BCCNM) 
Diploma in Nursing 
Minimum three (3) years recent relevant experience in acute care, community health, public health or continuing care 
 You possess: 
Ability to work in a fast paced, multi-faceted contact centre environment 
Ability to communicate efficiently and effectively both verbally and in writing 
Demonstrated listening skills 
Ability to keyboard a minimum of 30 wpm 
Demonstrated computer skills and experience with relevant software such as MS Word and contact centre applications. 
Ability to operate related equipment. 
Ability to teach. 
Ability to work as a member of a team. 
Ability to work in a highly monitored work environment. 
Demonstrated analytical and problem-solving skills. 
Ability to prioritize and organize work. 
Physical ability to perform the duties of the position. 
 *** *** Candidates must be able to commit to the entirety of the on site orientation and preceptorship. *** 
 Regular Full-Time 
 Shifts:  Monday to Sunday (8 - 12 hours shift) 
 Rotation:  Days/Evenings & Nights 
 Location:  4170 Still Creek Dr, Burnaby, BC V5C 6C6 
 What’s in it for you 
 Every PHSA employee enables the best possible patient care for our patients and their families. Whether you are providing direct care, conducting research, or making it possible for others to do their work, you impact the lives of British Columbians today and in the future. That’s why we’re focused on your care too – offering health, wellness, development programs to support you – at work and at home. 
 Join one of BC’s largest employers with province-wide programs, services and operations – offering vast opportunities for growth and development. 
Access to more than 2,000 in-house training programs. 
Comprehensive benefit package 
12 annual statutory holidays with generous vacation entitlement and accruement. 
Perks include onsite fitness classes and discounts to 350 BC-wide recreational programs, travel, technology, car and bike sharing, and more. 
 Who we are: 
Healthlink BC (HLBC) operates as a branch of the Primary Care Division with the Ministry of Health. 
 Healthlink is a 24/7/365 telehealth platform that provides BC and Yukon residents access to non-emergency health information, health advice and assistance in navigating the provincial health care system. HLBC is composed of a multidisciplinary team of dietitians, qualified exercise professionals, health service navigators, pharmacists and registered nurses that deliver health information via telephone (8-1-1) and web (healthlinkbc.ca). To fulfill the fulfill the strategic directives of the Ministry of Health (MOH), the Telenurses are employed through the Provincial Health Services Authority (PHSA) and work in close partnership with BC Public Service Agency (PSA) employees. 
 Based in two locations, Burnaby and Langley, TeleNurses provide non-emergency health information and advice in a 24/7/365 work environment. 
 The Provincial Health Services Authority (PHSA) plans, manages and evaluates selected specialty and province-wide health care services across BC, working with the five geographic health authorities to deliver province-wide solutions that improve the health of British Columbians. PHSA embodies values that reflect a commitment to excellence. These include: Respect people • Be compassionate • Dare to innovate • Cultivate partnerships • Serve with purpose. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
