  
 
 Jobs 
 Features 
 Newsletter 
 Login 
 
 Talent  Startup 
 I am a 
 Jobseeker Talent 
 or a 
 Hiring Startup 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign up using linkedin   __ 
 Hello 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign in using linkedin   __ 
 Employers  __ 
 Employers  __ 
 __filters __search 
 Filter by category 
 All Jobs Developer Jobs Marketing Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Manager Jobs Customer Support Jobs Sales Jobs Data and Product Jobs Internships Co-Founder Roles Designer Jobs People and Other Jobs 
 Filter by type 
 full-time part-time freelance 
 Advanced Search 
 search jobs __ 
 Customer Service Lead 
 at Applied 
 go back to Customer Support Jobs 
 
 
 __Remote UK 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 __ ₤20000 - ₤30000 per year 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 
 
 
 
 __Remote UK 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 __ ₤20000 - ₤30000 per year 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 About Applied 
 Hiring is one of the most important things we do, but humans are frankly terrible at it. We look for the wrong things, we're biased, and we don't follow the data. 
 Applied is on a mission to help organisations hire the best person for the job, regardless of race, gender or background. Our platform helps teams manage their hiring process  with more precision and less bias . Through Applied, teams are able to understand what works to make their process more inclusive so they can measure, improve, and give  candidates useful feedback ! 
 We've proved that it's a better way to hire, for all involved. 
 We're lucky enough to be scaling the business and need a Customer Service Lead to work within our Customer Success team. We need teams who are user-driven, creative and want to leave the world just a little better than they found it. 
 This is your chance to get in on the ground floor of a fast-growing, investor-backed start-up and be part of changing the way hiring is done on a global scale. You can read more about us in the  New York Times ,  Harvard Business Review ,  TechCrunch  and  New Scientist . 
 The job opportunity 
 You'll drive the customer support function across Applied. At this stage of the business, your day-to-day job would involve moving from one-to-one interactions with customers, solving their needs and encouraging them to get the best from what we offer, to thinking of ways to improve and systematise our customer service and care. You'll also provide vital input on product strategy by distilling the needs of the customer and channelling them across the team.You'll be part of a small but very ambitious team - a key part of this role will be prioritising where to focus and helping the wider customer and product teams to implement scalable ideas for further growth and outstanding customer experience. 
 Knowing how to balance short term wins with longer-term planning will be an important aspect of this role. You'll report directly to the Head of Customer Success and work closely with the Product and Sales functions. Come and be part of it! 
 Our Customer Service Lead: 
 
 
 Should be passionate about making products that delight our users 
 
 
 Have great listening and communication skills with a natural empathy for our users 
 
 
 Should be able to collaborate effectively, inspire those around them 
 
 
 Prioritise tasks to achieve both immediate goals and longer-term vision 
 
 
 Be data-driven and eager to find ways how we can improve our processes 
 
 
 Have a love for learning - in a startup, none of us have all of the answers, so an openness and willingness to constantly learn is essential. 
 
 
 In your first 6 months at Applied you'll: 
 
 
 Get to know our product, customers and the impact the platform generates to them 
 
 
 Support our customers. No matter how well we design our product, there will always be questions from users. You will be answering empathetically to queries while also diagnosing and solving the root causes of any issues. We share this task across the broader organisation, but you will be the main owner and coordinator. 
 
 
 Work closely with our Tech, Product and Customer team to improve the user experience and deepen the relationships with customers. 
 
 
 Have your say as we prioritise the features and upgrades that our customers will need in 2021 
 
 
 Create engagement and support strategy. Scalability and consistency are key to Applied's continued growth, so it's critical to continuously improving and testing new processes. You'll take your learnings from customer interactions to revamp, improve or even completely overhaul our strategy and processes. 
 
 
 Provide customer feedback to the product team. You'll be a key link between customers and our product team. As you represent the voice of our customers' you will be actively involved in how we can improve the product further. 
 
 
 Troubleshoot. Sometimes customers report issues they're experiencing and it's not immediately clear where the problem lies or how it happened! You will have a leading role in investigating and recreating those issues by working closely with the Product and Tech team. 
 
 
 Create and improve content for our Knowladge Base, the Applied collection of best practices that help our customers hire really well 
 
 
 Like the rest of the Applied team members you'll benefit from 
 
 
 Equity in the business 
 
 
 Wellbeing benefit and access to  Spill 
 
 
 Flexible and remote working options 
 
 
 Involved in other aspects of the business, from strategy, management and training, to shaping team culture 
 
 
 Being part of something that's both commercially successful and socially important 
 
 
 How to Apply: 
 You don't need a CV, just your brain 
 To start your application follow this link: 
 https://app.beapplied.com/apply/wboa47onit?utm_source=workinstartups 
 Instead of submitting a CV, you'll answer some questions that relate to the job. After the job closes, your answers will go through our sift process:  all answers will be anonymised, randomised and then reviewed by a panel of reviewers . 
 Right to work: We do NOT provide visas so please only apply if you have a right to work in the UK. 
 Expected duration of this application process: 2 months. 
 Published at 12 Jan 2021 - Expires on 27 Jan 2021 
 You need to be logged in to apply.   Login  or  create an account . 
 Is this job ad fake? Report it! 
 ×  Warning! 
 __get the latest startup jobs emailed to you 
 Developer Jobs Designer Jobs Internships Marketing Jobs Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Co-Founder Roles Data and Product Jobs People and Other Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Customer Support Jobs 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;  
 and 
  Privacy Policy  
 and Cookie Use. 
 New Jobs Alert created! 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;   
 and 
  Privacy Policy   
 and Cookie Use. 
 other jobs at  Applied 
 fulltime  Sales Development Representative  at Applied in London 
 __19-01-2021 
 
 
 * [Terms of Service](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/terms)
 
 
 Privacy 
 Cookie Policy 
 Acceptable Use Policy 
 Still Hiring 
 
 
 
 * [About Us](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/about)
 
 
 FAQ 
 Cities 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 * [__Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/workinstartups/)
 
 
 __Twitter 
 __Instagram 
 Blog 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Work In Startups 
 This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  Read more  Close 
