Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Client Advisor 
 RBC 
 __Milton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Multiple Positions Available:  Apply Today! 
 Please be advised the successful candidate must be flexible and mobile to train/place and provide support at any of the retail branch locations within the Milton Community (Milton Branch, Derry & Bronte Branch, James Snow Parkway Branch, Bronte & Louis St Laurent Branch) and surrounding areas as required. 
 The applicant must also be flexible with schedule and availability to support all branch days and hours of operation (including extended hours, and Saturday's) as required. 
 What is the opportunity? 
 As an RBC Ambassador inside our branches, you will put clients first and find solutions to their individual needs. You will champion the RBC brand and drive business by supporting new client acquisition and deepening existing relationships. If you have the self-motivation to deliver exceptional customer service and thrive in a target based performance environment, you can build a great career with us as a future Account Manager/Banking Advisor. 
 What will you do? 
 Proactively engage with clients in the branch and deliver an outstanding service experience through completing transactions and by identifying opportunities for advice, solutions, digital enablement and partner introductions 
Focus on education and demonstration, leverage technology to deliver a memorable client experience, drive solutions and retain business 
Contribute to team results by listening and spotting opportunities to offer additional advice, introduce clients to the capability of RBC partners, or personally fulfil client solutions 
Proactively take ownership of resolving and preventing client banking problems 
Cultivate and maintain relationships with partners to work as one RBC team 
Manage risks by adhering to compliance routines, processes, and controls to protect client and shareholder interests while completing transactions 
 What do you need to succeed? 
 Must-have 
 Demonstrated passion for putting clients first, as well as success in hands-on, target-driven solutions environment 
Drive and self-motivation, as well as excellent communication skills and emotional intelligence 
Digital literacy across a broad range of devices (i.e., smartphones, tablets, laptops, etc.) 
Personal flexibility to work flex hours 
Eagerness to learn and determination to succeed 
Confidence and ability to learn financial concepts and willingness to obtain the Investment Funds in Canada or the Canadian Securities Course 
 Nice-to-have 
 Track record in building rapport and maintaining client relationships within the financial, service or retail industry 
Mutual Funds accreditation 
 Fluency in a second language 
 Is this job right for you? Check out our video and decide for yourself! 
 What’s in it for you? 
 We thrive on the challenge to be our best, progressive thinking to keep growing, and working together to deliver trusted advice to help our clients thrive and communities prosper. We care about each other, reaching our potential, making a difference to our communities, and achieving success that is mutual. 
 A comprehensive Total Rewards Program including bonuses and flexible benefits, competitive compensation, commissions, and stock where applicable 
A world-class training program in financial services 
Excellent career development and access to a variety of job opportunities across business and geographies 
Leaders who support your development through coaching and managing opportunities 
Work in a dynamic, collaborative, progressive, and high-performing team 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
