  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Tax Law Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance Tax Law Expert ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/en/hire/tax-law) 
 2 months ago 
 Gst Audit 
 Published: 2 months ago  Deadline: 2 Bids: 1 
 Looking for a freelance expert in helping me prepare documents for GST Audit in Malaysia. 
I have a really tight budget and just need present the data accordingly 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Medium 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  G. Malaysia 
 Less than USD 50 
 4 months ago 
 Looking For Lawyer/ Law worker 
 Published: 4 months ago  Project duration: 1 - 2 months Bids: 0 
 Hello, Lawyer/Law worker 
 We have an exciting project for you. We are looking for someone who can communicate with our potential clients on call and help us to get the contract. 
 There are some basic requirements we are expecting from the freelancer : 
 Must be available for text chat and calls. 
 ==> Must be able to write and speak German. 
 Project briefing : 
 We have a hotline people call and ask system. 
 You will be getting calls from our potential clients. 
 On every answered call you will get paid 5 Euro. 
 You have to discuss the case with them. 
 Calls will be around 7-12 min 
 If a client signs the contract freelancer can work on that case then he/she will be paid 40% commission of that contract. 
 Important Note: Answered call rates and the commissions are negotiable. 
 Thanks 
 Category  : Legal 
 Time required  : From 5 to 20 hours 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 Published by:  J. India 
 USD 20 - 30 / hour 
 9 months ago 
 Accounting Consultant 
 Published: 9 months ago  Deadline: 5 Bids: 1 
 I currently work for Direct Door Marketing, an American company that offers an array of targeted marketing products to SMEs in the US, to help them effectively promote their brand to their customers. We provide both traditional and digital products such as print, web & mobile websites, as well as an e-commerce platform for our client brands. 
 We are looking to open operations here in the Philippines and need an accounting consultant with the following qualifications: 
 
 based in the Philippines and with at least 5 years of experience 
 must be very familiar with national and local government policies/laws/regulations related to taxes and finances 
 can work directly with the company’s Accounting and Bookkeeping firm based in the US 
 must have excellent English communication skills, both written and verbal 
 has their own reliable internet connection 
 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Accounting 
 What do you need?  : For a freelancer, idea or early startup 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  A. D. C. Philippines 
 USD 50 - 100 
 Last year 
 Taxation Consultation to improve our tax practices as a company 
 Published: Last year  Bids: 13 
 Hello. We are a regional company with a local office. We have some resources that we need to localize. 
 I need to know best way to improve net pay, fair WHT, and allow for non taxable allowances too. 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Accounting 
 What do you need?  : For a small or medium business 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  M. E. Last reply: Last year  Philippines 
 USD 250 - 500 
 Last year 
 Singapore Human Resource Advisory and Tester 
 Published: Last year  Bids: 10 
 - Knowledgeable inside out of all related HR matters and also Government Tax and Fund. 
- Knowledgeable in testing software as a service platform on all aspect regarding HR/ Payroll/ Leave, Claim and some ui/ux experience. Provide feedback to developer on how to enhance the system and also validate the accuracy of the data generated (For e.g: Pay amount with consideration CPF, Leave deduction, IR8A, Appendix 8A/8B, IR8S ) 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Large 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  A. L. Singapore 
 USD 100 - 250 
 Last year 
 Tax Support 
 Published: Last year  Bids: 3 
 Our company is facing an issue with the IRAS due to failure to submit tax estimation, they have risen the penalty of our Tax due to more than the needed payment. We need someone familiar with local ways and hows to help us visit the iras sg and see what are the next steps we have to take to rectify this issue. 
 Category  : Legal 
 Time required  : From 5 to 20 hours 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  N. Singapore 
 USD 100 - 250 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
