
 __ 
  __    __ 
 __ 
 
 World 
 Business 
 Entertainment 
 Finance 
 Sports 
 Technology 
 Lifestyle 
 Gaming 
 
 __ 
 Search 
 Friday, January 15, 2021 
 
 Contact 
 
  __    __ 
 __ 
      World ABC News  
 
 World 
 Business 
 Entertainment 
 Finance 
 Sports 
 Technology 
 Lifestyle 
 Gaming 
 
 
 Home  __ Business  __ Another 787,000 Americans filed for jobless benefits last week 
 
 Business 
 
 Another 787,000 Americans filed for jobless benefits last week 
 By 
 worldabcnews 
 - 
 January 7, 2021 
 __0 
 __15 
 __Share on Facebook   __Tweet on Twitter   __ __ __ 
 
 The number of Americans seeking unemployment aid fell slightly to 787,000, evidence of a job market stumbling in the face of the viral pandemic and the damage it has inflicted on the economy for nearly 10 months. 
 Thursday's figure from the Labour Department, a slight decline from the previous week, showed that many employers are still cutting jobs as the pandemic tightens business restrictions and leads anxious consumers to stay home. 
 At the same time, the number of people who are receiving regular state unemployment aid fell 125,000 to 5.1 million. And fewer people were on extended unemployment benefit programs. 
 On Friday, the government will likely issue a gloomy jobs report for December. Economists expect it to show that hiring slowed for a sixth straight month — and possibly that employers shed positions for the first time since the job market collapsed in April just after the pandemic erupted. 
 Unemployed Americans gained some urgently needed help late last month when a $900 billion rescue aid package was signed into law. That measure provided a $300-a-week federal jobless benefit on top of an average state benefit of about $320. As many as half the states are now distributing the federal benefit, according to an unofficial tally at UnemploymentPUA.com. In states that take longer to pay out the $300 payments, any missed payments can be made retroactively. 
 Benefits extended 
 The federal extension of benefits was lengthened to 24 weeks by the congressional legislation. That program will remain in place until mid-March. A separate program that provides jobless aid to contractors and gig workers who previously weren't eligible was also extended for 11 weeks. Both benefits had briefly expired Dec. 26, temporarily cutting off all aid for 10 million jobless Americans. 
 The Labour Department said this week that despite President Donald Trump's delay in signing the relief package — he did so six days after Congress' approval — jobless benefits under the extended programs that lapsed Dec. 26 should be paid out without interruption. 
 The continued weakening of the U.S. job market coincides with other signs that hiring and economic growth are faltering under the weight of the pandemic. On Wednesday, payroll processor ADP reported that private employers shed 123,000 jobs in December, the first such monthly decline since April. ADP's figures generally track the government's jobs data over time, though they can diverge significantly from month to month. 
 In November, consumer spending — the lifeblood of the economy — declined for the first time in seven months, having steadily weakened since summer. Retailers have been especially hurt. Purchases at retail stores have dropped for two straight months. 
 During the holiday shopping season, consumers pulled back on spending, according to debit and credit card data tracked by JPMorgan Chase based on 30 million consumer accounts. Such spending was 6 per cent lower in December compared with a year ago. That was worse than in October, when card spending was down just 2 per cent from the previous year. 
 Source link  
 
 TAGS 
 Americans 
 benefits 
 filed 
 jobless 
 Week 
 
 SHARE 
 __Facebook   __Twitter   __ __ __ 
 
 
 
 tweet 
 
 
 
 Previous article Local news app News Break raises $115M – TechCrunch 
 Next article Insane PSVR gameplay for Hitman 3 shows highly-immersive sandbox 
 
 worldabcnews 
 RELATED ARTICLESMORE FROM AUTHOR 
 
 Business 
 B.C. billionaire given the green light to sue Twitter over 'Pizzagate' tweets 
 
 Business 
 Federal sickness benefit falls short of paid sick leave protections, advocates say 
 
 Business 
 Republicans face financial fallout after Capitol Hill riots 
 
 LEAVE A REPLY  Cancel reply 
 Please enter your comment! 
 Please enter your name here 
 You have entered an incorrect email address! 
 Please enter your email address here 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 
 LATEST NEWS 
 
 Can you have the coronavirus vaccine if you're on statins? 
 worldabcnews  - December 9, 2020 
 0 
 
 Rachel Lindsay Compares Bachelorette's Ben Smith to Ex Peter Kraus 
 December 16, 2020 
 
 Raspberry Pi Foundation releases case fan to prevent overheating – TechCrunch 
 December 25, 2020 
 MUST READ 
 Halo: Infinite Xbox One Version Is Not Canceled, Confirms 343 Industries 
 worldabcnews  - December 24, 2020 
 0 
 Asda Christmas delivery: Slots already booked up - act now supermarket warns 
 worldabcnews  - December 4, 2020 
 0 
 EU news: Merkel's Poland and Hungary deal has 'three flaws' that risk EU's future... 
 worldabcnews  - December 11, 2020 
 0 
 Load more __ 
 
 Get the latest news stories and headlines from around the world. We provide you with the latest breaking news, stories and videos. 
 Contact us:  info@worldabcnews.com 
  __    __ 
 POPULAR POSTS 
 
 George Russell breaks silence after Mercedes confirm Lewis Hamilton Abu Dhabi... 
 December 10, 2020 
 
 No one has lost quite like Donald Trump in nearly 150... 
 December 15, 2020 
 
 Fossil fuel production far exceeds climate targets, UN says 
 December 2, 2020 
 POPULAR CATEGORY 
 
 
 Entertainment1262 
 
 
 Lifestyle1212 
 
 
 Technology1125 
 
 
 Football813 
 
 
 English Premier League772 
 
 
 Gaming712 
 
 
 World689 
 
 
 Finance648 
 
 
 Computers & Softwares418 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Advertise with us 
 
 
 (C) Copyright 2017 worldabcnews 
 __ MORE STORIES 
 
 Atlantic Lotto plans bigger-bet online casinos for P.E.I. and Nova Scotia 
 January 13, 2021 
 
 Confused by the economy during the COVID-19 pandemic? Don't worry, so... 
 December 5, 2020 
 This site uses cookies:  Find out more. Accep All 
 Edit with Live CSS 
 Save 
 Write CSS OR LESS and hit save. CTRL + SPACE for auto-complete. 
