
 About 
 
  Life in Transition  
 Navigating Personal Finances During Life Transitions 
 Archive for the tag "career" 
  25 Jul 2012  
 3 Comments 
 Weighing the Offer 
 I heard back from the financial company I interviewed with and they extended an offer-with a catch. In my previous  post , I had mentioned that while I interviewed for a full time salaried position, I was asked whether I'd be interested in the internship position too, knowing that I would be promoted to a full time position within 1-2 months (with conditions that the company won't tank and that I don't completely screw up my job). So, I ended up with the internship, which begs the question: is it worth taking since it pays less than what I make now?  (Note: I haven 't heard back from the biotech job, and they told me I wouldn't hear back for at least two weeks. I've been in the biotech/university research long enough to know that people change their minds constantly about hiring, so it wouldn't surprise me if they decided not to hire anyone in the end. Ideally, the biotech company would tell me what their decision is, so that I can make an better decision). 
 The first question to tackle is whether I can trust the interviewer's word. I have a tendency to distrust what supervisors promises, since I've seen so many broken where I work. So far, everything that people from the financial company is consistant, whether something is said or written in an email. They've given no reason for me to distrust them and they've been very clear and open about expectations for me and what I should except out of them. Still, my natural tendency is to distrust those I don't know, especially if they will have a strong influence over my quality of life. 
 The second issue is the family finances. If everything that my interviewers have said is true, then even with a 1-2 month paycut, I will still make more money in the long run since my salary potential is much higher than if I stay with my current job. I have a pretty confortable amount of money sitting in my emergency fund, so short term I should be fine. Also, my husband makes a little bit of money ($450/month pre-taxed) with his RA job that we can use (all of it currently goes into his tuition savings account). Again, this goes back to trusting the employer keeping his word. We will have to significantly increase the transportation budget since I will have a 20-30 minute commute everyday. 
 The next thing I need to consider is my sanity. Right now, I don't know how much longer I can handle being at my job. There are way too many things that makes the work environment toxic and while I do my best to help I feel like I am fighting a losing battle. The work I do itself isn't difficult nor stressful. It's dealing with some of the people I work with that is frustrating. I know that there's no guartentees that my next job won't be the same way, but at least I can hope for a better environment. 
 For the most part, I've made up my mind to take the position. If I get an offer from the biotech company while I am still interning, I'll use that offer as leverage to speed up the promotion process (I explained to them during the interview that I had already interviewed for another position). If they can't/won't, then I feel like I have reasonable cause to take the other job. What would you guys do in this situation? 
 Posted in  Life  and tagged  career ,  decisions 
  18 May 2012  
 6 Comments 
 Financial Milestones for Twenty-Somethings 
 Several bloggers have been posting a list of financial milestones for those in their twenties. I've decided to jump on the bandwagon to see how many I can cross off the checklist. 
 
 Finance a dream vacation in cash  -I've paid for a vacation in cash but it was with a bunch of college friends right before graduation. I don't think sharing a three bedroom condo in Panama City, FL with nine other people qualifies as a dream vacation so I'm not going to count it. Currently my husband and I are half-heartedly saving money for a delayed honeymoon 
 Pay off your student loans  -I didn't have to take out any student loans thanks to the generosity of the  Kentucky state government  and the  alumni at my school .  Check! 
 Automate paying your credit cards in full  -I always pay my credit cards in full.  Check! 
 Get rid of all bad debt  -I've never taken on any bad debt.  Check! 
 Build an adequate emergency fund  -I worked pretty hard to build up a $5000 emergency fund, but as soon as I accomplished my goal, circumstances changed and now the new goal is $7000. I'm still going to count this, since $5000 was adequate at one point.  Check! 
 Max out a Roth and contribute to your 401(k)  -I contribute to my Roth IRA but I'm no where close to maxing it out. My employer does not offer any retirement accounts since the company is relatively new and very small. 
 **Get a degree that increases your earning power -**I got a bachelors degree in biology last year, which is pretty useless where I live unless you have an advance degree. I plan on going to graduate school soon for a counseling degree, but I doubt that will increase my earning power much. 
 Make your first and last investment mistake  -I made a pretty big investment mistake and I definitely suffered the consequence. When my sister decided to go to the same college as me, my parents thought it would be a great idea to get a condo for us. They had just moved and bought a new house so they didn't have enough cash on hand for the down payment. They pitched the idea that my sister, parents, and I split the down payment with promise that we would split the profits when we sell it. We ended up buying a condo (I didn't see it before they made an offer) in a building that was falling apart with a third of the owners delinquent on their HOA fees. My parents didn't see the need to do an inspection, since the exterior parts of the building was the condo association's responsibility to fix. Unfortunately, they forgot that as owners, we would be part of the condo association and with a building needing extensive repairs, our HOA fee will increase. So there's a ton of extra expenses that my sister and I have to pay for since my parents consider us "shareholders" on the property even though neither one of our names are on the property. I did not expect that I would be responsible for these costs, since it was not discussed before hand. Also, my parents have been using the $12,000 I contributed to the down payment as leverage to try to control me (see #11). At this point I don't know if I will see any of that money again. I definitely learned that I shouldn't be too trusting of anyone trying to push me into partnering with them on an investment, and that family and investing don't necessarily mix well. I should have done my research and not passively agree with my parents investment "advise." Hopefully this would be the last investment mistake I make.  Check! 
 Develop a statement of cash flow  --  Check! 
 Take a career risk  -I was part of a program at my university that saves you a seat at its medical school (in effort to keep good students from going out of state for college) provided that you maintain halfway decent grades, get a respectable MCAT score, and don't get arrested. Students apply to the program during their last year of high school, and this program pretty much eliminates 99% of the stress that comes with being a pre-med student (I avoided hanging out with my pre-med classmates since they would hate me if they found out that I was in the program). During my last year as an undergraduate student, I realized that I wanted become a doctor because my family expected me to. I learned that no matter how much money and prestige a career in medicine would bring, I would never find happiness living a script that someone else has written for me. It was not a decision I took lightly since my choice heavily strained my relationship with my parents. By walking away, I now have a chance pursue a career that will fulfill me (I know that doctors can have a fulfilling career, but being a doctor won't fulfill ME).  Check! 
 Negotiate something  -My wedding photographer charges an extra $200 for out-of-town weddings. I got her to shave off $100. I still went $100 over my photography budget, but the pictures she took was worth going over budget.  Check! 
 Earn your first side grand  -I babysit about twice a month, but I don't think I've made even close to a grand after three years. 
 Start a sub-savings account for an upcoming goal  -I don't have a specific savings account at a bank for my  targeted goals , but I keep track of everything on a spreadsheet.  Check! 
 Set a target retirement date  -Definitely have not done this yet. 
 Monitor your credit  -I always get the free annual credit reports.  Check! 
 Say no to a financial salesman  -I don't think I've been approached by one yet nor have I sought one out. 
 Give just enough to make it hurt  -I'm not 100% sure if this counts since I'm not sure if giving up a honeymoon actually "hurts." Before the wedding, my husband and I were saving money for a honeymoon when a really bad tornado hit in March. A family at my church was hit pretty hard. The tornado ripped the house off its foundation and carried it hundreds of yards. The father broke 19 ribs and jaw. The mother shattered her pelvis, broke her shoulder, and had a collapsed lung. One of the children broke his back, and another had a bruise liver and a seizure from a concussion. Between the medical bills, loss of their house and possessions, and lost work time, they definitely needed help and support. The only extra money we had at the time was our honeymoon savings, and we felt the family needed that money a lot more than we did, so we gave it away. I don't normally donate that much for natural disasters, but I knew who was directly benefiting from the money. The only "inconvenience" for me is that I will spend another year saving for my honeymoon, and I don't regret it.  Check! 
 Save a dollar for every dollar you spend  -I still have a long way to go. Depending on the month, I save between $0.10-$0.20 for every dollar I spend. 
 Start a 529 college savings plan  -I don't see a point in starting one if you don't have kids, and I don't plan on having kids until my husband graduates from dental school. 
 Buy a house  -I won't be doing this for awhile. 
 
 I've complete 11/20 milestones, which I guess is okay for a 23 year old. 
 Check out the progress of other twenty-something PF bloggers: 
 Random Thoughts and Acronyms 
 From Shopping to Saving 
 Making Sense of Cents 
 My Alternate Life 
 Posted in  Financial Milestones  and tagged  career ,  charitable giving ,  credit ,  emergency fund ,  goals ,  milestones ,  retirement ,  saving 
 Post Navigation 
 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Spending Report: June-July 2012 
 Weighing the Offer 
 The Job Search & Interviews 
 What the Obmamacare Supreme Court Ruling Means For Me 
 Tips for Selling Your Wedding Dress 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 July 2012  (4) 
 June 2012  (10) 
 May 2012  (9) 
 April 2012  (11) 
 March 2012  (7) 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 Budget  (3) 
 College  (3) 
 Financial Milestones  (1) 
 Financial Snapshot  (3) 
 Income  (1) 
 Life  (3) 
 Random  (2) 
 Saving  (2) 
 Spending  (7) 
 Taxes  (2) 
 Transitions  (1) 
 Uncategorized  (2) 
 Wedding  (7) 
 Week-in-Review  (5) 
 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Add Vodka 
 Along for the Journey 
 Evolving Personal Finance 
 From Shopping to Saving 
 Little House in the Valley 
 Making Sense of Cents 
 My Alternate Life 
 Punch Debt in the Face 
 Small Budget Big Dreams 
 Well Heeled 
 Young Professional Finances 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 budget   car   career   charitable giving   checking account   college   consequences   credit   credit cards   cutting costs   decisions   dress   emergency fund   entertainment   flowers   food   goals   healthcare   housing   insurance   invitations/stationery   joint accounts   marriage   milestones   moving   music   necessities   net woth   pay-it-forward   paycheck   peer-to-peer renting   post office   prom   reception   resident assistant   retirement   reward points   saving   savings   scholarships   scooter   selling   spending   taxes   to-do list   transportation   venue   wedding 
 
 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
