Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Planning Supervisor 
 Premier Candle Corp 
 __Mississauga, ON 
 Apply Now 
 We are looking for a qualified Planning Supervisor who is  well-versed in forecasting, procurement and production procedures considering all aspects of production timeliness, and effectiveness . They are organized and results-driven with great problem-solving skills who can maintain the demand and quality standards of our customers. 
 _  Advanced communication and computer skills are essential for this role. _ 
 Responsibilities 
 
 Lead a team of 6 in planning and procurement 
 Coordinate production workflow for one or multiple products / customers 
 Plan and prioritize operations to ensure maximum performance and minimum delay 
 Assist to determine manpower, equipment and raw materials needed to cover production demand 
 Assist to Schedule shifts according to production needs 
 Address issues when they arise aiming for minimum disruption 
 Obtain output information (number of finished products, percentage of defectives etc.) 
 Prepare and submit status and performance reports 
 Keep paperwork organized 
 Collaborate with Finance, QC, Logistics and other staff 
 
 Qualification Requirements 
 
 Post-Secondary diploma or degree in a business/accounting related program 
 Degree in Business Administration Commerce or Accounting 
 3+ years’ work experience in manufacturing an asset 
 Strong communication skills both written and verbal. 
 Proven experience as production planner 
 E  xperience in MRP II (Manufacturing resource planning) 
 Working knowledge of MS Office and ERP systems 
 Provide support to analysts in cross-functional reporting and analysis 
 Provide additional support and analysis on ad hoc management requests 
 Strong business partnering skills. 
 Strong time management and organizational skills with an ability to prioritize workload accordingly 
 Strong interpersonal and analytical skills, with attention to detail. 
 Ability to communicate with management team and customers 
 Strong proficiency in Excel and experience with SAP and Solar Soft is an asset 
 Proficiency with - pivot tables, v-look ups 
 Good at math and statistics 
 Strong organizational and problem-solving skills 
 
 WORK ENVIRONMENT: 
 Employees are occasionally exposed to shop elements such as noise, dust, fumes and fragrances. 
 No agencies 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Experience: 
 
 Supervising: 3 years (Preferred) 
 Manufacturing: 3 years (Preferred) 
 Production Planning: 3 years (Preferred) 
 ERP: 3 years (Preferred) 
 
 Education: 
 
 Bachelor's Degree (Preferred) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
