
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Can You Believe It?! it's a Full-time job 
 Nothing would make your mom happier than bragging to the girls that her kid got a job as a Lead UX Designer at Verbal+Visual in Brooklyn, NY, USA. They'd all be very impressed with how thoughtful and impact-driven you are. 
 About 
 Verbal+Visual is seeking an analytics and performance-focused Lead UX Designer. You are expected to be a trusted partner to the Strategy, Creative and Technical Directors with dependable communication skills for the generation of relevant solutions and provide appropriate pushback (internally/externally) internally and externally when necessary. We are looking for you to bring the ability to display a high level of execution, display creative thinking when ideating on functional solutions, and use data and testing to optimize your proposed solutions both pre-launch and post-launch. 
 Primary Responsibilities: 
 Understand the customer and path to purchase, and propose solutions that achieve clients’ goals for performance. 
Design wireframes and work with the visual designers, technologists and strategists to ensure a successful implementation of proposed wireframes. 
Utilize data and testing to continuously optimize proposed solutions, both pre-launch and post-launch. 
Actively investigate user journeys with client sites, and provide solutions to improve the customer journey. 
Communicate and collaborate with CD, Design Leads, UX, Strategy, Dev. and your Producer in order to produce work that satisfies a clients goals and internal KPI’s. 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://beta.workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7752-verbal-visual-lead-ux-designer  
 On-site required? 
 Yes 
 Experience 
 3-6 years 
 Skills 
 Roadmapping, Sketch 
 Date Posted 
 November 25, 2020 
 Managed By 
 Anshey Bhatia 
 Perks 
 
 Retirement Plan 
 Generous Vacation 
 Maternity / Paternity 
 No assholes 
 Work from home 
 Yoga 
 
 Fine Print 
 Experience Required: 
An understanding of the principles of responsive design for the web and the impact this has when generating digital solutions. 
Specifically we look for a designer who has a mobile-first approach, familiarity with accessibility principles and standards, and an ability to anticipate motion and interaction. 
Comfortable designing in with the Sketch app, a familiarity with the Adobe Suite and some prior knowledge of prototyping tools such as Principle, Invision, Marvel and/or POP. 
5+ years of professional UX design experience (Ecommerce and/or Shopify experience preferred) 
An excellent attitude, a desire to work collaboratively giving/receiving feedback, and a passion for visual design and communication! 
Level-headed and comfortable taking direction while remaining intellectually curious and always asking, why? 
Must live within commuting distance of Manhattan, New York. 
 Compensation and Benefits: 
This career is a full-time position. Full benefits are included. 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
