  
 
 
 Find Jobs 
 
 
 Regions 
 
 
 Career advice 
 
 
 Moving Guide 
 
 
 News 
 
 
 Register 
 
 Job Seeker Account 
 Employer Account 
 
 
 
 Login 
 
 
 Post a Job 
 
 
 
 
 Find Jobs 
 Regions 
 Career advice 
 Moving Guide 
 News 
 
 
 Home   Find jobs   Locations   Career advice   Moving guide   News 
 Modal title 
 Close 
 Find Jobs 
 Find Jobs 
 Lecturing & Tertiary Jobs in New Zealand 
 Lecturing & Tertiary Jobs in New Zealand 
 Are you a qualified tertiary lecturer looking for a job in New Zealand?  Throughout the country, there plenty of opportunities for tertiary lecturers to find work - whether in a university, a polytechnic, a private tertiary provider or an institute of technology. 
 The job of tertiary lecturer appears on the Government's immediate skills shortage list, and qualified candidates from overseas are highly encouraged to apply.  The shortage of workers in this role is due to a variety of factors, including an insufficient number of lecturers with higher tertiary qualifications, an ageing workforce, and too many qualified candidates moving overseas. 
 Working In can help you find the best lecturing jobs in New Zealand.  Start browsing today to find your next great lecturing role. 
 Refine Search 
 Find Jobs 
 Browse by Category 
 Accounting 
 Construction 
 Education and Training 
 Engineering 
 Healthcare 
 IT 
 Trades and Services 
 Browse by Location 
 Auckland 
 Christchurch 
 Dunedin 
 Gisborne 
 Hamilton 
 Nelson 
 [New Plymouth](/jobs/regions/new plymouth/) 
 [Palmerston North](/jobs/regions/palmerston north/) 
 Queenstown 
 Rotorua 
 Tauranga 
 Northland 
 Wellington 
 Sorry, we don't currently have any jobs for this search. Get a job alert for this search and as soon as we have a job that matches your criteria we will send you an email: 
 Thank you! You have successfully subscribed to our job alerts. 
 Subscribe for Jobs 
 Load more 
 Search Lecturing and Tertiary Vacancies 
 Due to the high demand for qualified workers in the field, the chances of finding lecturer vacancies in New Zealand are high.  At any given time, you may be able to find full-time, part time and casual tertiary jobs in New Zealand.  Overseas candidates with a Master's degree or PhD and at least one year's lecturing experience are encouraged to fill NZ lecturing positions. 
 There is particularly high demand for tertiary lectures in the applied fields of health, environmental studies, sciences, engineering, and physical and social sciences.  To browse the latest lecturer positions in New Zealand, use the Working In search tool to match your requirements.  You can filter relevant positions according to company name, salary range, region, city or experience level to find a role that's suited to your lifestyle. 
 Professor Positions 
 There is also strong demand for senior academic staff in New Zealand, including professor positions.  Both domestic and skilled overseas workers are welcome to apply.  If you have the experience and qualifications, browse Working In for available professor jobs in excellent tertiary institutions throughout New Zealand.  Apply for your dream professor job today! 
 About Working In New Zealand 
 We’ve been helping people get a good job in New Zealand for over a decade. It’s what we care about the most! Get started today. 
 Job seekers 
 
 Login  /  Register 
 Job search 
 Companies hiring 
 Get job alerts 
 Contact us 
 
 Recruiting 
 
 Register 
 Existing customer login 
 Advertise a job 
 Products and services 
 
 About us 
 
 About Working In 
 Why use Working In 
 Contact us 
 Privacy policy 
 Terms & conditions 
 
 Our network 
 
 Working In Australia 
 Working In Business 
 
 
 Copyright  - Working In New Zealand 
   
 Copyright  - Working In New Zealand 
   
 Copyright  - Working In New Zealand 
