Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Staff Accountant 
 Broadscope Fund Administrators, LLC 
 __Mississauga, ON 
 Apply Now 
 About Broadscope 
 Broadscope Fund Administrators (“Broadscope”), an Apex Group Company, is a third-party administrator offering full-service fund administration to the private equity industry. Broadscope’s mission is to deliver a premium service model, based on direct access to senior management, robust quality controls, and innovative cloud-based technology. The Company’s founders and senior employees have significant industry-specific experience and knowledge of a broad range of private equity fund types and structures. 
 Broadscope is part of The Apex Group, one of the world’s largest fund administrators established in Bermuda in 2003. With the addition of Broadscope in April 2019, the Group administers circa $650B in assets, including the investments of some of the largest funds 
 and institutional investors in the world. Service is delivered by over 3,000 staff across 40+ offices including 10 locations in North America. 
 To learn more about Broadscope, please visit our website at  http://www.broadscopefa.com . To learn more about Apex, please visit our website at  https://apexfundservices.com . 
 Job Overview 
 Broadscope is seeking an experienced Staff Accountant to join our team in Mississauga, ON. This is an exciting opportunity to interact with all levels of Broadscope personnel and many outside professionals, provide the first level of accounting reviews, and assist with the management of client relationships. 
 A Staff Accountant interacts with all levels of Broadscope personnel. Therefore strong interpersonal skills as well as strong written and verbal communication skills are required. Candidates must have strong computer skills, particularly MS Office products and most importantly MS Excel. Candidates must demonstrate initiative, perform well under pressure, handle multiple projects simultaneously and be client service oriented.  Candidates must have an accounting degree.  Prior accounting experience is a plus but not required. A Staff Accountant handles the day-to-day accounting and accounting related administration for several client sponsored investment funds. Specific responsibilities include: 
 · Prepare and input general journal entries including periodic investment income and expense accruals 
 · Process accounts payable and cash disbursements 
 · Maintain general ledger, including preparation and update of system generated financial statements and other accounting reports 
 · Prepare bank account reconciliations and other accounts reconciliations 
 · Prepare quarterly and annual financial work paper packages 
 · Reconcile internal accounting data and review all accounting activity for reasonableness 
 · Review system generated quarterly and annual financial statements for accuracy and compliance with generally accepted accounting principles 
 · Prepare periodic investment fund calculations including, capital calls, management fees, investor income allocations and distributions 
 · Prepare investment related accounting entries including portfolio purchases and sales and recurring investment income accruals 
 · Assemble documentation and information to assist with year-end external audit process 
 · Assist with the preparation of annual book to tax reconciliations 
 · Draft investment fund related correspondence 
 · Other special projects as required 
 To apply, please submit resume and cover letter including salary requirements. 
 Broadscope Fund Administrators, LLC provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability, genetics, or any other characteristic protected by law. In addition to federal law requirements, Broadscope Fund Administrators, LLC complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation, and training. 
 Job Type: Full-time 
 Job Type: Full-time 
 Schedule: 
 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
