Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Full Time Salary Manager/Management Trainee 
 McDonald's Restaurants 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Company Description 
 In 1954, an enterprising salesman named Ray Kroc discovered a small burger restaurant in California, and wrote the first page of McDonald’s® history. In 1967, the first McDonald’s Canada opened in Richmond, B.C. and we’ve been growing with our communities and serving quality food at great a value ever since. Today, McDonald’s Canada is proud to be one of the world’s leading foodservice retailers. From coast to coast, we serve delicious choices to more than 2.5 million people in over 1,400 locations every day. We’re also more than just your local restaurant. We’re hardworking small-business men and women, students working part-time, seniors getting the most out of life, and volunteers lending time to make a difference in the communities we live and work in. 
 Job Description 
 How about the chance to work for one of the world’s most recognizable brands. A company that provides the support and training to help you realize your ambitions on all fronts: Professionally, personally, financially. To grow by tapping into a network that spans across the globe. And have to ability to help great causes like Ronald McDonald House, which helped more than 300,000 Canadian families with sick kids. If that sounds compelling to you, then we’d love to hear from you. 
 YOU. 
 You understand that service isn’t just a transaction. It’s about making a connection. You don’t lead by rules, you lead by example. You have high expectations and consistently raise the bar for not only yourself, but also your team. When confronted with a situation you’re able to assess and problem solve with confidence. You put people before profit, knowing that creating a positive culture leads to happier, more engaged staff who will deliver a better experience for your guests. 
 YOUR OPPORTUNITY 
 Instilling a sense of pride within your co-workers. 
Inspiring a team and to create a culture that helps deliver the world’s best QSR experience. 
Participating in local events that positively impact your community 
Upholding our renowned cleanliness methodology. 
Building sales and profits, which in turn build your value, professionally and financially. 
 Qualifications 
 Who we WANT: 
 Leaders, who: 
 
 Have a passion for quality food, amazing hospitality and delivering a great guest experience 
 Excel at team building and people development 
 Pursue operational excellence through outstanding and timely execution 
 Want an incredible career, tailored to your life with opportunities to grow and excel in a world-wide organization 
 Have outstanding communication and strong time management skills 
 
 What we OFFER: 
 
 Full-time employment with a flexible schedule to meet your needs 
 Competitive starting salary with regular wage increases based on performance 
 For Full-Time management, access to benefits such as medical, dental and life insurance 
 Opportunity to learn advanced business skills through our world class training and development programs 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
