[ 
 Work Remotely From Home Forum 
 ](/) 
 Job That Pays $50K to Explore National Parks 
  Work From Home Jobs  
 Mark  September 22, 2020, 3:20am  #1 
 Okay, this one is a little different and interesting but I think it still qualifies for working for home… 
 800×450 
 Photo: Tunatura (Shutterstock) 
 It appears as though we are currently living in the golden age of contests marketed as “dream jobs,” with new opportunities being announced regularly. The latest one comes from Michelob ULTRA Pure Gold, which posted  its listing for a new CEO—that’s Chief Exploration Officer —earlier this week. But this one doesn’t just involve getting paid to travel by camper van to a national park for a weekend. It involves getting paid to travel by camper van to multiple national parks over six months. Here’s what you need to know about the position and how to apply. 
 What’s involved with being the CEO? 
 In this case, the chosen CEO will be equipped with a camper van (that has a bathroom and shower), and over the course of six months, visit, hike and photograph  several national parks , including Yosemite, Sequoia, Joshua Tree, Saguaro and Big Bend. The job pays $50,000 plus expenses, like gas money for their camper van. The candidate selected will have the opportunity to perform their CEO duties solo, or with a plus-one. 
 What are the qualifications for the job? 
 This may sound great, but do you have the experience needed for the job? According to the  Michelob ULTRA Pure Gold website , the qualifications include: 
 
 Having an affinity for outdoor/nature photography and/or videography 
 Having a deep appreciation for the joy that connecting with nature brings 
 Being willing and able to hike through national parks and other outdoor areas 
 Having a valid U.S. driver’s license 
 Being at least 21 years old 
 
 Beyond that, the beer company has also shared the  characteristics of someone who would be their ideal candidate , which is a person who: 
 
 Enjoys and respects the great outdoors 
 Is able to see the big picture (as well as capture and edit it) 
 Understands the importance of following  CDC guidance  while traveling and will  recreate responsibly 
 Is a strong leader with a clear sense of direction reading trail maps 
 Has a love of beer (but not consuming it while driving a camper van) 
 
 How to apply for the job 
 If you’re interested in giving Michelob your personal data and applying for the position, you can  fill out the application on their website  on or before September 30, 2020. 
 2 Likes 
 Lakuma  September 30, 2020, 9:53pm  #2 
 Yes! Now you’re talking. I can see myself traveling the US and reporting on different National State Parks while getting paid for it. Sounds like fun! 
 Diego  December 17, 2020, 6:07am  #3 
 Mark: 
 
 Is able to see the big picture (as well as capture and edit it) 
 
 So you must be a good graphic designer or a photographer too ?. I can take pictures with my camera but i don’t think i can edit it without having editing skills. 
 
 Home  
 Categories  
 FAQ/Guidelines  
 Terms of Service  
 Privacy Policy  
 
 Powered by  Discourse , best viewed with JavaScript enabled 
