Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 RECE - ECA 
 Tiny Hoppers Sherwood Park 
 __Milton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Company description 
 Tiny Hoppers Sherwood Park is a Brand New Childcare located in Milton. 
 Job description 
 RECE and Classroom Staff – Job description 
 Primary Role: To KEEP CHILDREN SAFE 
 Qualifications: 
 RECE - Registered Early Childhood Educator - Diploma/Degree in early childhood development 
 ECA- Knowledge and understanding of early childhood, no qualifications required but experience is required. 
 Ratios: 
 All classroom staff are responsible for knowing the ratio within the classroom and maintaining proper ratios at all times. You are required to have general knowledge about ratios and reduced ratios for all age groupings within the centre. You are required to take an active part in signing in and out children throughout the day, you must know how many children are in your class at all times and perform regular head counts throughout the day. 
 Lesson Plans: 
 Staff are required to provide the director with the programming for the next week on every Wednesday. If you are away on holidays you are required to have this provided to the director before you leave. Programming must be properly completed and follow the expectations of Tiny Hoppers. You are required to submit a shopping list along with your programming to the director every Wednesday. Please look around the centre to ensure you do require all items on the list. 
 Brainstorming and Observations: 
 Staff are required to complete weekly brainstorming and individual observations of all children enrolled in the classroom, these observations are necessary to assist in weekly programming and progress reports in January and June. 
 Progress Reports: 
 Staff are required to complete progress reports for all children within the classroom every January and June. Proper documentation and observations of the children will assist in producing quality reports for parents and future teachers. 
 Administration: 
 Staff are required to maintain all logbooks in accordance with Tiny Hoppers and CCEYA. You are required to keep all logbooks, programming, observations and forms current within your class. These will be checked daily. 
 Cleaning: 
 Staff are required to keep a well maintained and sanitary classroom. You are required to participate in keeping the centre clean daily. This includes but is not limited to floors, bathrooms, windows, carpets, tables and chairs, laundry, sanitizing toys and beds as required. This may require you to perform clean up jobs during or at the end of your shift as required. 
 Fire Drills: 
 You are responsible for fully participating in all fire or emergency drill practice. It is your responsibility to read and understand the evacuation procedures for the centre. 
 Clients: 
 Staff must be respectful and kind to all children, parents and guardians within the centre. Staff is required to greet all families every day to the centre at drop off, you should learn the names of parents and children quickly so you can start building lasting and meaningful relationships. Staff is to assist all families within the centre to the best of their ability or to seek the director if additional resources are required. 
 Communication: 
 Staff is required to communicate with co-workers, the director, the owners, head office and ministry personnel respectfully and kindly at all times 
 Events, Community Events and Special Occasions: 
 Staff will be asked throughout the year to assist in special occasions and events for both the daycare children and the general public. Staff will be required to assist in the planning, set up, clean up as well as staffing the event. Your director will inform you of such events throughout the year. 
 Time Off 
 You are required to request time of at least one month prior to the day asked for, you are required to find a qualified replacement for your shift. Time off will be granted if suitable arrangements are found and if the centre can manage without regular staff during your absence. Sick days must be reported ASAP to the director by phone call. 
 Part-time hours: 15-40 per week 
 Expected start date: 2020-12-07 
 Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Casual, Permanent 
 Salary: $15.00-$19.00 per hour 
 Benefits: 
 
 Dental care 
 Disability insurance 
 Extended health care 
 Life insurance 
 On-site childcare 
 On-site parking 
 Vision care 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 COVID-19 considerations: 
All staff are required to wear surgical face masks and protective eye wear will inside the building at all times. 
 Experience: 
 
 childcare: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Education: 
 
 Bachelor's Degree (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 COVID-19 Precaution(s): 
 
 Personal protective equipment provided or required 
 Social distancing guidelines in place 
 Sanitizing, disinfecting, or cleaning procedures in place 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
