Skip to content 
 "People are our business…." 
 Search 
 
 Quality Source Inc. 
 Menu 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Google+ 
 GitHub 
 WordPress.com 
 
 How To Find A Job If You Have A Disability 
 I sent out a survey the other day (  access here  ) asking for your input on what challenges you face when it comes to job search or employment-related issues. I received many responses, but one really touched me and I wanted to address it right away. The response was from someone that found themselves suddenly disabled. They want to know how to secure a local, low-stress job. Without knowing the details of the situation, I'm going to have to address it in a very general manner. 
 First of all, I would like to commend this individual for not giving up! It takes a lot of courage to make a decision to forge on! I'm so happy to be able to respond and am hopeful that the information I'm providing here will be helpful. 
 We need to consider something first. If you've applied for or been granted Social Security Disability Insurance ("SSDI"), there are restrictions on earning additional income. If you have SSDI, you don't want to do something that would compromise your benefits or put you in a situation to have to repay the government. You DO have options if you are able to work a few hours here and there! 
 DISCLAIMER :   I 'm not an attorney so I'm not offering legal advice  … Instead, the links below will help you understand your options. 
 
 Disability Secrets 
 ** Social Security Administration 
 **3)  Americans With Disabilities Act 
 
 If you're on SSDI, I'd recommend that you watch this video by attorneys Sharon Christie (Social Security Disability attorney) and Ben Glass (Virginia attorney)…. 
 Okay, I'm going to assume you've visited the links above and watched the video. If so, you should have a pretty good understanding of your legal and monetary obligations. I will now offer some practical suggestions for those that are not on SSDI. 
 There are different types of disabilities and, therefore, different challenges and employment options to consider. For the most part, employers are required to offer "  reasonable accommodations  " to those with disabilities. In a perfect world, all employers would be able to support the needs of any disabled person who wishes to join their company. However, that's just not possible. For example, if you are blind or wheelchair bound, it's just not reasonable to expect that you will be able to sell beverages in the stands at a professional ballgame. Navigating stairs and aisles is just not a realistic expectation. However, you might be able to sell beverages at a walk-up counter where people line up for their purchase. See my point?! 
 My first bit of advice would be to look at your particular situation and start analyzing what types of positions in which you could be productive and provide the most value. DON'T focus on what you are unable to do, focus on what you CAN do! I'm a firm believer that there's a place for everyone! Truly!! 
 The first step is evaluating your skills and revamping your resume so as to target positions wherein you are able to provide value! This is where you'll want to look at your "  transferable skills ." Don't be afraid to consider positions that appear to be something you would qualify for … disability included! On the flip-side, don't set yourself up for disappointment by applying for positions that are clearly not a fit or that you would not be able to effectively navigate even with reasonable accommodations. 
 EMPLOYERS :  If you're looking for a good resource on the topic of reasonable accommodations, I found a group that updates their page regularly and encourages employers to connect with them. If you need help, click here>  Job Accommodation Network 
 CONCLUSION :  Regardless of your special needs, you have options … especially in today's business environment. While limited in my response due to my lack of information on the situation, the bottom line is that business today offers more and more flexibility. It's up to us, individually, to take control. We are the ones that know our situation intimately. Step up and set some goals and  craft an irresistible plan  that no employer can turn down. There truly are options out there for just about anyone in any situation (see disclaimers above). You DO have  options ! 
 Do you have career or life questions? 
 If so, comment below and I'll be happy to respond! 
 Thanks for sharing your time with me and reading my BLOG ! 
 W   arm regards…. Debra 
 ** 
We love providing you with value be it in our blog with up-to-date information about what 's going on in the workplace, tools you need to create and maintain your own success, daily quotes to keep you motivated and moving forward, options on career paths and, of course, a little fun along the way.** 
 Need Resume Help? 
"My Resume Toolkit" 
  |  Learn about us! 
Quality Source Inc. 
  |  Job Search Organization 
  |  Interested in a blog? 
 
---|---|---|--- 
 SOCIAL MEDIA BUFF? Choose   any of the links below to be taken to our social media sites for more of what you 're looking for. 
 **Business page ** 
 
 |  Professional Profile  ** 
**  |  Motivation 
  |  Quotes & More 
 
---|---|---|--- 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 
 
 Career Choices 
 
 
 Challenges 
 
 
 Disabilities 
 
 
 Hiring 
 
 
 Quality Source Inc. 
 
 
 December 10, 2015 
 
 
 ADA 
 
 
 business 
 
 
 careers 
 
 
 Communication 
 
 
 Disabilities 
 
 
 Disappointment 
 
 
 Discrimination 
 
 
 employment 
 
 
 entrepreneur 
 
 
 executive search 
 
 
 facebook 
 
 
 Focus 
 
 
 google+ 
 
 
 happy 
 
 
 headhunter 
 
 
 hire 
 
 
 Interviewing 
 
 
 jobs 
 
 
 linkedin 
 
 
 Motivation 
 
 
 network marketing 
 
 
 pinterest 
 
 
 qualifications 
 
 
 Reasonable Accommodations 
 
 
 recruiter 
 
 
 recruiting 
 
 
 Relationships 
 
 
 resources 
 
 
 resume tips 
 
 
 Salary 
 
 
 Sales 
 
 
 skills 
 
 
 Strategy 
 
 
 Stress 
 
 
 Success 
 
 
 talent management 
 
 
 time management 
 
 
 transferable skills 
 
 
 Post navigation 
 How To Pay It Forward And Make It Stick! 
 Restarting A Career After An Arrest Or Felony Conviction 
 One thought on "How To Find A Job If You Have A Disability" 
 
 Elizabeth Olagunju  says: 
 
 December 10, 2015 at 9:32 pm 
 Thank you Debra for these valuable information. 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Debra L. Stitt, CPC 
 
   Quality Source Inc. 
 
 People Are Our Business 
 We believe in a partnership with our clients and job seekers. It is our goal to provide quality service at all times, and in all venues. 
 Search for your topic here! 
 Search for: 
 Quote Gallery 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Recent Posts 
 
 How To Achieve Team Success  November 8, 2016 
 How To Conduct Your Own "Self Background Check"  February 24, 2016 
 Pick Your Poison … Humility or Arrogance  February 19, 2016 
 Flextime … Is There Gender Bias?  February 9, 2016 
 How To Survive A Company Merger, Acquisition Or Restructuring  January 28, 2016 
 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
