Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Endowed Chair in Emergency Medicine Research 
 University of Alberta 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry - Emergency Medicine 
Competition No. - A115343041 
Closing Date - Will remain open until filled. 
 The Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry invites applications for the five-year term position of Endowed Chair in Emergency Medicine Research. The successful candidate occupying the position will be at the Assistant level and will develop an international -caliber emergency medicine related research program with an established record of success in achieving knowledge generation and dissemination. The applicant will have an MD with graduate level research training (e.g., PhD, MSc, MPH, etc.) and/or a PhD in a related health sciences field including but not limited to: epidemiology, emergency department operations management, health care quality, and population based research. 
 The appointment of the Chair is a 5-year term and is open for renewal for an additional term with consideration given for additional terms under special circumstances as recommended by the Dean of the Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry. Recommendation for renewal of more than two terms may be based on input from an external review of the Chair, including a review of the contributions of the Chair to the growth of research, services and education capacity on Emergency Medicine Research in the Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry. The successful applicant will be offered an appropriate tenure contingent appointment in the Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry at the University of Alberta within the Department of Emergency Medicine. 
 The Department of Emergency Medicine provides clinical services through 12 regional emergency departments to an extensive catchment area, which includes the greater Edmonton area, northern and central Alberta and British Columbia, as well as the Yukon and the Northwest Territories. The Department of Emergency Medicine is an nationally recognized for its teaching excellence and currently supports two residency programs and a mandatory Emergency Medicine rotation in the undergraduate medical curriculum. The Department also provides a number of programs that serve the community in a variety of ways. These include clinical emergency services, teaching and training of undergraduate (MD) and postgraduate students, a highly productive research team focused on advancing evidence-based emergency medicine practice. Members of the Department are involved in the provision all facets of Emergency Medicine including pre-hospital and transport medicine, disaster medicine, sports medicine, emergency ultrasound, simulation training, hyperbarics, the care of vulnerable populations, and medical informatics. 
 The successful candidate will have the unique opportunity to work with a well-established team of researchers to further their goal of being recognized as an internationally leading research team in Emergency Medicine. While building off existing synergies and bringing in new research productivity, the Chair will be responsible for fostering strong relationships and collaboration across disciplines with respect to Emergency Medicine research and medical teams both internally and externally. 
 To assist the University in complying with mandatory reporting requirements of the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act (R203(3) (e)), please include the first digit of your Canadian Social Insurance Number in your application. If you do not have a Canadian Social Insurance Number, please indicate this in your application 
 Interested individuals should submit up-to-date curriculum vitae, along with the names and current addresses of three references. Review of applications will start on November 6, 2020 but the position will remain open until filled. 
 To assist the University in complying with mandatory reporting requirements of the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act (R203(3) (e)), please include the first digit of your Canadian Social Insurance Number in your application. If you do not have a Canadian Social Insurance Number, please indicate this in your application. 
How to Apply 
 Note:  Online applications are accepted until midnight Mountain Standard Time of the closing date. 
 All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. If suitable Canadian citizens or permanent residents cannot be found, other individuals will be considered. The University of Alberta is committed to an equitable, diverse, and inclusive workforce. We welcome applications from all qualified persons. We encourage women; First Nations, Métis and Inuit persons; members of visible minority groups; persons with disabilities; persons of any sexual orientation or gender identity and expression; and all those who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas and the University to apply. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
