
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Sweet Baby Jason! it's a Full-time job 
 Producer . Snap Inc.. Los Angeles, CA, USA. BOOM! Nuff said. 
 About 
 Snap Inc. is a camera company. We believe that reinventing the camera represents our greatest opportunity to improve the way people live and communicate. Our products empower people to express themselves, live in the moment, learn about the world, and have fun together. 
 The Marketing team at Snap articulates and brings to life who we are as a brand, why we exist, who we serve, and what value we have to offer. They are on a mission to build a best-in-class international marketing organization. 
 We’re looking for a Producer to join Team Snap! You’ll play a key role in creating a wide variety of videos spanning the breadth of Snapchat’s products and services. Working from our Los Angeles headquarters, you’ll collaborate with the Creative Media Team to tell impactful stories that help shape Snap’s voice and identity. 
 What you’ll do: 
 Produce content for brand marketing projects 
 Manage day-to-day tasks and oversee long-term media projects for both consumer and business marketing 
 Ensure the successful delivery of all assigned projects 
 Monitor all internal and external costs for projects, as well as relationships with vendors and talent 
 Manage all talent relationships (in front of and behind the camera), schedules pertaining to assigned projects, locations, logistics, insurance, and all that comes with day-to-day commercial production 
 Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: 
Strong team player with excellent organizational and leadership skills 
Someone who can proactively identify problems and implement solutions 
Detail-oriented person who works well under pressure and is great at multitasking 
Comfort and experience with legal agreements and contract 
Someone who stays calm, cool, collected, and kind in stressful situations 
Experience producing digital and commercial content 
Experience on set 
 Minimum Qualifications: 
7+ years experience as a commercial, digital, agency, or integrated producer 
Bachelor's degree or equivalent experience in a related field 
 Company Links 
 
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7601-snap-inc-producer  
 On-site required? 
 No 
 Experience 
 6-9 years 
 Date Posted 
 October 27, 2020 
 Managed By 
 Jasmine Harris 
 Perks 
 
 Retirement Plan 
 Generous Vacation 
 Great benefits 
 Maternity / Paternity 
 Relocation assistance 
 
 Fine Print 
 At Snap, we believe that having a team of diverse backgrounds and voices working together will enable us to create innovative products that improve the way people live and communicate. Snap is proud to be an equal opportunity employer, and committed to providing employment opportunities regardless of race, religious creed, color, national origin, ancestry, physical disability, mental disability, medical condition, genetic information, marital status, sex, gender, gender identity, gender expression, pregnancy, childbirth and breastfeeding, age, sexual orientation, military or veteran status, or any other protected classification, in accordance with applicable federal, state, and local laws. If you have a disability or special need that requires accommodation, please don’t be shy and contact us at accommodations-ext@snap.com. 
 Our Benefits: Snap Inc. is its own community, so we’ve got your back! We do our best to make sure you and your loved ones have everything you need to be happy and healthy, on your own terms. Our benefits are built around your needs and include paid maternity & paternity leave, comprehensive medical coverage, emotional and mental health support programs, and compensation packages that let you share in Snap’s long-term success! 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
