Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 How to Impress Your Boss 
 Mike Martin    26th March    Career   1 Comment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=How%20to%20Impress%20Your%20Boss%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fyour-job%2Fhow-to-impress-your-boss%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 We all want to  impress our boss . 
 It’s kind of in our genes to try to please the person in authority in our life. 
 We’d like our boss to like us and to consider us when special opportunities or  promotions  come up. 
 Of course, it's not just your winning personality that's going to get you that consideration. 
 So here are five ways to wow your boss at work. 
 Come Early and Leave Late 
 Nothing impresses a supervisor or manager more than seeing an employee get into work before them in the  morning  or stay behind after regular hours. 
 It may be true that in today’s working world extra hours are often par for the course in many occupations, but the boss will be appreciative if they see an employee, especially a  new employee , make that extra effort. 
 It shows commitment to the job and to the organization when someone stays later to finish off a  project  or arrives a few minutes early to get a quick start on the day. 
 Employers notice this commitment and it seldom goes unrewarded when it comes time for bonuses, special recognition, or  promotions . 
 Volunteer 
 Volunteering  is another good way to get your supervisor to see your dedication and commitment to the organization. 
 People who volunteer for extra work after they have completed their own or offer to take on a difficult assignment become the go-to guys and gals of the organization. 
 It doesn’t have to be a lot, and it certainly doesn’t have to be all the time, but sticking your hand up every so often will bring a lot of  benefits . 
 These include a smile on your boss’s face and often much more than your well-deserved pat on the back. Volunteers create their own buzz at work, and managers and employers love people who volunteer. 
 Take Responsibility 
 When things  go wrong  at work, many people just duck under their desks and pretend that nothing happened. Or that they had nothing to do with whatever bad thing just occurred. 
 If you want to get noticed in a positive way by your boss or supervisor, the next time there’s a screw-up, speak up. 
 Take your own share of the problem that has been created, acknowledge your part, and whatever else you do, don’t blame anybody else! 
 Even if it was almost all a certain person’s fault, it is not your job to lay blame or finger the culprit. This will only make you look weak and ineffective in front of your manager. You can talk to the other person later, but don’t publicly name them or their mistake. 
 Fix Your Own Mistakes 
 Speaking of mistakes, there is nothing that will make a boss glow like an employee who can  fix their own mistakes . The first time you make a mistake you will almost certainly have to ask for help. 
 That is after all how we learn. But by the second or third mistake your boss would really like you to figure it out and fix it on your own. Once you master that you can work on not making the mistake ever again. 
 That will really wow your boss. Because that will mean that you are finally acting like an adult in the workplace, not only cleaning up your own messes, but making fewer of them as you learn and  grow at work . 
 Ask for and Listen to Feedback 
 Some employees say that they’d like feedback on their  performance  at work, when in reality all they want to is to hear their boss say that they’re doing a good job. 
 That’s nice when it’s true, but from an employer’s perspective, they want employees to continuously improve at work, both in performance and  productivity . The way to improve is to practice and to be coached in order to hone our strengths and improve on our weaknesses. 
 If you really want to wow your boss, then start paying attention when they give you  advice  and guidance, and go even further by asking for feedback. 
 If you listen to their suggestions and actually implement some of them in your work you will not only impress your superiors, you will be moving solidly into wow territory. 
 -- 
 We all have different ways that have helped us  impress  our supervisors. What has worked for you? Please share in the comments. 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 advancement (41) 
 
 
 Goals (58) 
 
 
 how to impress your boss (1) 
 
 
 motivation (46) 
 
 
 Office Life (61) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Mike Martin  |  Website  |  Other Articles 
 Mike Martin is a freelance writer and consultant specializing in workplace wellness and conflict resolution. He is the author of  Change the Things You Can  (Dealing with Difficult People). For more information about Mike please visit:  Change the Things You Can 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     How to Make the Right Choices After Getting Fired  
  _ _     5 Secrets to Motivating Yourself  
  _ _     Job Hunting with Confidence  
 
 Discussion 
 
 1 Comment  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 
 Rainer  on the 10th October 
 
 Reply   
 Come early and leave late: This guy is too stupid to get his work done in the regular time… 
 Volunteer: Don't you have enough work to do? And still working so many hours…? 
 Be careful with what you do here. If someone wants to get rid of you he can use those two topics perfectly to prove that you are better fired. 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
