Skip to content 
 
 Teaching Science 
 The Teaching of Science and Science of Teaching 
 Menu and widgets 
 Search this site 
 Search for: 
 Tags 
 
 Alom Shaha 
 AQA 
 biology 
 Blog 
 blogging 
 blognews 
 books 
 CPD 
 ed-research 
 Education 
 Evernote 
 evolution 
 exams 
 expeRimental 
 feedback 
 gcse 
 Google 
 gove 
 Institute of Physics 
 ISA 
 organisation 
 Physics 
 political 
 politics 
 practicals 
 printable 
 printables 
 reflection 
 ResearchED 
 resources 
 revision 
 science 
 SciTeachJC 
 Student 
 students 
 Teacher 
 teaching 
 teachmeet 
 twitter 
 web 
 
 @teachingofsci 
 
 RT @ jonathanhaggart : Eat out to Help Out / Go back to the office or face the sack / Students travelling across the country to study online…  6 hours ago 
 Cc @ DocWhalley  as we were saying yesterday...   twitter.com/EnvAgencyMids/…   6 hours ago 
 @ PygmyLoris   https://t.co/pnCclUZ8XU   6 hours ago 
 @ onegrenouille    en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Mars_(cho…   https://t.co/8CyAvLGOve   6 hours ago 
 @ onegrenouille  But... what about Mars?  17 hours ago 
 
 Teaching Science 
   RSS - Posts 
   RSS - Comments 
 Subscriptions 
 Enter your email address to subscribe and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 223 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Email 
 Blog Admin 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Career Breaks 
 I recently got involved in a twitter conversation about getting back into the classroom, and what to do between jobs to make yourself more attractive to schools. This post is based on the email I put together, and I'm going to start with the same warning I gave my correspondant. 
 
 I should point out I'm no expert on recruitment; I've never held a promoted post in school so this is based more on conversations with colleagues and in prep rooms that I've had because of my day job. 
 
 Money 
 It's got to start with supply (and cover supervising). This is always going to be a pain, but the good news is that you get to check out the school in advance. Different schools will have different rules about supply, but linking up with the HoD will help. There are ways to make that link - more in a moment. And exam invigilation, although less of an issue with fewer modules or AS, would still be a possibility. 
 You could plan to do some tutoring for now. The money isn't great but the time commitment is fairly low. It's best through word of mouth, but getting started with a few notices on community noticeboards and the coffee shops near colleges and sixth forms where students hang out can be effective. 
 The other choice is some kind of freelance publishing, possibly starting with TES or similar. If you have time, this is a good way to brush up on your pedagogy and stay familiar with specifications. Producing some generic resources on HSW or similar will be a useful thing to take with you when on supply, as it shows you're a competent specialist. Other publishing stuff comes up online from time to time, but the hourly rate is fairly low. 
 Admin/Applying 
 Now's the time to bring your CV up to scratch and work on phrases that will go into a cover letter. Review the CPD you've done and summarise responsibilities, so all the dates are to hand. Scan your certificates then put them all in one (electronic) place. Make sure you have up to date referee details, hopefully with a couple of spares. 
 As well as TES, make sure you've registered with local teacher agencies and the council recruitment page. Bookmark possible schools and their current vacancies pages. If there's a standard LA application form - less common these days, but still possible - you might like to save a personalised copy with your information already added. 
 Brief digression: why the hell is there not a standard, national, teaching professional profile form? Because all the information the schools want is the same - just every form has a different, badly formatted order. Create a form, then insist every school uses it, with a one page 'local supplement' which teachers can then fill out. More time to spend on the cover letter… 
 It might be worth looking for the kind of post you're after  nationally  , just to get a look at the kind of things that show up in job descriptions and person specifications. Then you can think up examples of times when you've done the kind of thing that matches up. This is how you can show that although you might cost more than an NQT, you're much better value for money. (NQTs: this is where you look for non-teaching examples showing similar responsibilities and experience.) 
 Development 
 Try to see the time as an opportunity; a sabbatical, if you like! Explore subject associations and membership options. If there's a local group, check out teachmeets and similar. If there are gaps in your skills that the CV check showed up, address them. Have you considered things like Chartered status? Even if you don't go through the process, looking at the requirements might help inspire your next steps. And if travelling for conferences is possible, they are a great way to build your skills and knowledge. The  Association for Science Education(ASE)  is the obvious first choice, being teaching-specific, but don't forget  IOP / RSC / RSB  either. 
 Quite a few universities and organisations offer free online courses -  STEM Learning  in particular. You can add these to your CV, of course!  TalkPhysics  is an example of a forum for teaching discussion where you can swap ideas, if you'd like something less structured. Or borrow some science pedagogy books, read and reflect. A nice talking point at interview… 
 You might like to contribute reviews on the books, or posts with developed resources, on a blog or similar.  UKedchat  welcomes guest posts, for example. These will start arguments and get discussions going; you might even get lucky and score some free review copies! 
 A different way to keep your skills up to date would be volunteering. Secondary schools sometimes want reading volunteers, but I'd also suggest looking at local primary schools. How about offering to do a primary science club for a half-term?  I did this in my local primary , using the  RI ExpeRimental  activities, and found it really interesting. The IOP's  Marvin&Milo  cartoons would also be a good starting point for accessible yet interesting activities. I had a whole new respect for primary colleagues too! You might already be a youth leader, but that's also a possibility. Fancy running the Scientist badge for local Cub or Brownie groups? 
 It's not something you want to do in September, but if you're still looking in a few months then doing some development work gives an opportunity to get into school science departments. Choose a topic where teacher opinions would be useful or interesting, eg what resources would they use, or a survey of how they use animations in lessons. Do your research ahead of time. And then write a letter to the HoD, asking if you can visit and talk to the department to collect some anonymous data. The article will be interesting - you could even try submitting it to  Education in Science  or similar - and you get to talk to colleagues, sound out the school, and leave your contact details for when flu season hits… 
 As I said at the start, I've never been in a position of power when it comes to hiring, so I'd really appreciate corrections, additions and suggestions from those who have. What can Teacher X do? 
 Rate this: 
 Share this: 
 
 Email 
 Print 
 More 
 
 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Reddit 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Posted on  September 13, 2017 Author  IanH Categories  CPD ,  web Tags  applications ,  CPD ,  recruitment ,  teaching 
 6 thoughts on "Career Breaks" 
 
 Sandra Badcock  says: 
 
 September 13, 2017 at 12:51 pm 
 Thank you Ian for you amazing advice. I was so pleased that half of this advice I am already doing, the rest is on my action plan. 
Brilliant, down to earth advice. 
 Reply 
 1. **[IanH](https://teachingofscience.wordpress.com)** says:
 
 September 13, 2017 at 2:51 pm 
 Sandra 
 Really glad you found it helpful - next step is to see if you can secure a permanent role nearby! Best of luck.,. 
 Reply 
 
 Sandra Badcock  says: 
 
 September 13, 2017 at 12:52 pm 
 I added a comment. So, pleased that you are able to help others with this conversation. I do love twitter! Sandra 
 Sent from my iPad 
 
 
 Reply 
 
 Nigel Bowen, Return to Teaching Advisor (RTTA), DfE Return to Teaching programme  says: 
 
 September 13, 2017 at 12:59 pm 
 Hi Ian - teachers can find more information and advice about returning to teach on the Return to Teaching page of the DfE's Get into Teaching website:  http://www.education.gov.uk/returners , where they can also register their details online or by calling the Return to Teaching Helpline on 0800 085 0971 to be kept up to date and invited to events. If returning to teach Secondary Physics, Maths and / or MFL they may also be allocated a Return to Teaching Advisor (RTTA) to give them bespoke support with their return to teaching; access to courses and classroom observation / teaching experience; and support with applying for teaching posts. 
 Reply 
 
 maz  says: 
 
 September 14, 2017 at 9:04 pm 
 Don't forget to keep up to date, as far as possible, with safeguarding training. We've had a big push on 'prevent' and 'FGM' in recent years, so it would be good to read around them if you can't access training somewhere. When you sign up for a supply agency, you will have to complete an online safeguarding course. 
Good luck! 
 Reply 
 
 IanH  says: 
 
 September 15, 2017 at 9:44 am 
 That's a really good point, and I've totally missed out anything which would show your pastoral skills are staying up to date. I wonder if there are free to complete safeguarding courses teachers could do in between jobs? It's the sort of thing the unions could offer… 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Previous post: Review: 30 Second Physics 
 Next Next post: Equation recall test 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
