__ 
 
 
 * [](https://www.facebook.com/workdesignmag)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 Subscribe 
 
    Exploring ideas that shape the places we work. 
 
 
 Projects 
 
 
   Employee Engagement was Key to the Design of New LA Offices 
 
 
   How ASID Achieved Two Firsts From the CRE Perspective 
 
 
   West Elm's Sophisticated, Brand-Celebrating New Brooklyn Headquarters 
 
 
 Project Profiles 
 
 
 Written and Video Case Studies 
 
 
 
 
 Products 
 
   Reimagining the Furniture Selection, Specification, and Procurement Process 
   Price Modern: Multi-Faceted Services to Support Your Workplace 
   Pinnacle Sheds New Light on Creative Options to Provide Wellness in the Workplace 
 
 
 
 Expert Insights 
 
   Whine and Cheese: Change Management Isn’t Always Just About Giving Up Your Office 
   How ASID Achieved Two Firsts From the CRE Perspective 
   Workplace Wisdom from the Frontiers of Science 
 
 
 
 Tips & Trends 
 
   Whine and Cheese: Change Management Isn’t Always Just About Giving Up Your Office 
   Hold That Pen! Think Branding Before - Not After - You Sign a Lease 
   Generation Z: The Largest Percentage of Population 
 
 
 
 Premium 
 
   Being Green Has its Benefits, but Can it Also Boost Productivity? 
   How Measuring Happiness Can Revive Architecture in the Information Age 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Sodexo's Lorna Donatone Talks About the Importance of Culture When You Can't Control the Workspace 
 
 
 
 Events 
 
 
   NeoCon East 2017 in Review 
 
 
   Work Design Talk Atlanta: The Changing Nature of Work and the Workplace 
 
 
   CBRE Furniture Forum 2.0: Reimagining the Management of the Furniture Bidding Process 
 
 
 Event Calendar 
 
 
 Industry Events 
 
 
 Work Design Experiences 
 
 
 Work Design Previews and Recaps 
 
 
 
 
 CEOs Talk Workplace 
 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Interview with Kenn Fine 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Sodexo's Lorna Donatone Talks About the Importance of Culture When You Can't Control the Workspace 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Aaron Hurst on His HQ for Pragmatic Optimists 
 
 
 
 Job board 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 Career Learning Center   Reference Checking   Resume Writing   Coaching   More >> 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to Work Design JOBS 
 Coaching 
 We're proud to introduce our team of highly experienced coaches! Coming from a variety of professional backgrounds, all have graduated from an accredited Coach training program, and are certified in behavioral style analysis and interpretation. 
 Pricing for Coaching Services 
 You are encouraged to review their profiles and select the right coach for you. 
 
 |  Alvah Parker 
 
 Work/Life Coach 
 "I believe every person has his/her own unique gifts to give. I aid my clients to identify their gifts and find ways to use these gifts in their work and personal lives. I move my clients to action in a way that is supportive, validating, and practical." 
 Clients Include: 
 
 People changing careers or jobs 
 Managers 
 Entrepreneurs 
 Educators 
 
 More About Alvah 
 ---|--- 
|  Lisa Andrews 
 
 Career Coach 
 "I feel it is important to help each person identify the unique abilities, skills, and values they have to offer. I also give my clients two things they need in a successful job search: confidence, and hope. It can be a challenging process, and I'm there to support them as they are transitioning." 
 Clients Include: 
 
 Entry level professionals. 
 Mid-level managers. 
 C-Suite executives. 
 Career changers. 
 Veterans and their spouses. 
 
 More About Lisa 
 |  Lenore Mewton 
 
 Career Coach 
 "Bring WHO you are to WHAT that you do" -- that phrase embodies my belief that an individual's internal qualities are their external advantage. As a partner, guide, teacher, and change agent, my goal is to help you discover your greatest ally, your authentic self; be it as an employee, leader, entrepreneur, business person/owner or coach.." 
 Clients Include: 
 
 Individuals in career transition 
 Entrepreneurs 
 Developing leaders 
 Small business owners 
 Technical professionals 
 Employees seeking to enhance their careers within organizations 
 
 More About Lenore 
 |  Harry Rodenhi 
 
 Business & Career Coach 
 "I specialize in supporting professionals who find themselves facing career uncertainties or transitions in the fast-paced and dynamic world of high tech. I use an energetic coaching style to support you in clarifying your values, identifying key strengths & abilities and then using these insights to create a personalized value proposition. This becomes the basis for moving forward in the transition while promoting a more balanced work-life perspective." 
 Clients Include: 
 
 Individuals or organizations in transition, especially those in high-tech product/service sectors 
 Executives 
 Entrepreneurs 
 Business owners 
 Individuals seeking more fulfillment in their lives/relationships or more growth & success in their jobs/careers 
 
 More About Harry 
 |  Marshall Brown 
 
 Career Coach 
 "I help people move forward and feel passionate about what they do. Life is too short to not be happy. It is my job to ask the powerful questions to help you succeed." 
 Clients Include: 
 
 Individuals who want: career satisfaction, passion in their life and work and are willing to develop a plan and take action! 
 Association and not-for-profit professionals 
 Government, military 
 Business owners 
 
 More About Marshall 
 Pricing for Coaching Services 
 For assistance please call 
 1-888-491-8833 
or e-mail  [email protected] 
 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 
 Editorial Calendar 
 
 
 Free Email Newsletter 
 
 
 Sponsors 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Industry Roundups 
 
 
 Work Design TALKS and Events 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 
 Copyright Workspace Design Magazine, LLC DBA Work Design Magazine (2010-2018) 
 Back to top __ 
