Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 5 Tips for Staying Motivated at Work 
 Allen Carlwood    17th August    Your Job   Leave a Comment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=5%20Tips%20for%20Staying%20Motivated%20at%20Work%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fyour-job%2F5-tips-for-staying-motivated-at-work%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 While everyone understands that work is what brings the money in, some people have a hard time staying motivated during a long eight to ten-hour day at the office. Everyone has their days where they are  extremely motivated  and get a ton done and then there are the days when you just feel blah and won’t to do nothing but hit the door at 5 pm. If you are finding yourself having many more blah days than days where you are extremely motivated, this article is for you. With that in mind, read on below for a few of the top tips to help you stay motivated when you’re at the office. 
 Grab a Quick Cup of Joe 
 There is nothing better than  office coffee machines  to keep you motivated. If your office has one, then take a quick break when you start to feel like you are lagging behind, and grab a quick cup of Joe. You would be surprised at how much of a pick-me-up a cup of coffee can be in the middle of a shift. 
 Take a Quick Walk Around the Building 
 Sometimes it’s just a matter of getting out and getting some fresh air. If you find yourself sleepy and unmotivated in the middle of the day, clock out for a break and take a quick stroll around your office building. Often the fresh air and brisk walk will give you the motivation you need to make it through the rest of the day with ease. 
 Take a Bathroom Break 
 Taking a fast bathroom break to splash some water on your face or just get away from your desk for a few minutes can work wonders. Instead of just trying to ride it out until the 5 pm clock out time, take a bathroom break, replenish your energy and get motivated to get the job done before it’s time to clock out instead. 
 Get Enough Sleep 
 One of the main reasons for many people being un-motivated at the office is that they aren’t getting enough sleep the night before. You can’t expect to stay up partying all night and then be motivated to get through the day at work on Monday morning. Make sure that you get the amount of sleep required to get you through the workday and you will be much better off in the long run. 
 Stay Positive 
 Phrases like “Ugh, I hate this job” and “I can’t wait until this day is over” or “I’m so tired and bored,” will do nothing to help you stay motivated and do your job well. Instead, write out your goals to stay motivated and hang them on the wall above your desk. Make sure to think  positive thoughts  and even speak them out loud if they help you to stay motivated to get the job done. 
 These are just a few of the top tips to help you stay positive when you are feeling unmotivated at the office. Instead of being negative, stay positive, make sure to get enough sleep and take a trip to the office coffee machine when needed and you should be motivated every day from 9 to 5. 
 (   Photo   by johnhope14 /   CC BY   ) 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 _ _ Email Post 
 _ _ Print Post 
 Share Post 
 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     4 Tips for Professional Growth  
  _ _     Secret Santa 101: 5 Great Rules to Gift By  
  _ _     The Hard Work Cure  
 
 Discussion 
 
 0 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 No Comments yet, be the first! 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
