[ 
 Workew 
 Workew is the #1 board to find remote jobs, careers and other remote work opportunities to become digital nomad, work from anywhere and travel the world. 
 ](https://workew.com/ "Workew") Close Search for: Search 
 
 Remote Jobs 
 
 Marketing 
 Developer 
 Operations 
 Designer & UX 
 Customer Service 
 Project Mgmt 
 Sales & Biz Dev 
 Writing & Editing 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Other WFH Jobs 
 
 
 Remote Work Course 
 My account 
 
 Shopping Cart 
 
 
 More
 
 Facebook Group 
 Telegram Alerts 
 Pricing & Plans 
 Remote Health 
 Contact Us 
 Blog Posts 
 
 
 Post a Job 
 Post a Resume 
  __Facebook 
 
 Menu 
 Employee Relations Advisor 
 
 
 Others 
 Anywhere in UK 🇬🇧 
 Posted November 17 
 Monzo 
 
 Overview 
 Monzo is an exciting combination of a bank and tech start-up, started from scratch in February 2015 to build a bank that  makes money work for everyone . We’re focused on solving problems, rather than selling financial products, making your financial life simpler, and giving you complete control from your smartphone. 
 Combining the learning of some of the fastest growing tech companies in the world, with your own unique approach you will help build an elite world class team that fosters our  open  , collaborative, and  inclusive  working environment which embraces change and loves to continuously learn.You will enable Monzo to scale into a world-class, diverse and passionate group of people capable of effecting change across the globe. 
 The People team at Monzo is responsible for making sure our employees are empowered to do the best work of their lives. As an Employee Relations Specialist you will be working with a small, committed team, within the wider People team, to support our Customer Operations department with employee relations work. You’ll work with our HR Advisors to guide and coach managers with all aspects of employee relations cases. In collaboration with the People Advisors, you’ll review our People policies and processes to ensure scalability and compliance with employment legislation. You’ll work cross-functionally within the People organisation to share your specialist knowledge. This role will report to the People Partner for Customer Operations. 
 You’ll be hands-on in the day-to-day 
 
 An expert and the go to person for all things related to employee relations at Monzo 
 Managing a high volume of employee relations cases, including: sickness absence, performance management, grievances, disciplinaries and appeals. 
 Ensuring effective case management with a focus on minimising any negative financial and reputational exposure to the business 
 Ability to ensure fairness and care across our policies and ways of working regarding all employee relations issues 
 Checking and monitoring adherence to company policy and procedure - identifying where we have gaps or risk 
 Sharing expertise in shaping training and learning initiatives for ER management to increase management confidence, ensuring there are mechanisms in place for people to learn 
 Provide escalated support on complex cases, working with senior stakeholders across the business and providing key insight and decisions as the specialist within ER 
 Coaching managers at all levels of the business to upskill management ER capability 
 
 You should apply if you have: 
 
 Extensive ER experience across a range of complex and varied case work 
 Experience in driving forward continuous improvement throughout ER practice and policy, with a scalable approach 
 Strong up to date working knowledge of employment law 
 Experience of working on your own initiative, at pace within a demanding environment 
 Excellent judgement with a logical, meticulous and pragmatic approach to decision-making 
 An ability to think strategically about ER issues 
 Highly effective interpersonal and influencing skills, with the ability to gain others’ confidence quickly. An experience in managing challenging conversations 
 An ability to quickly build strong and trusting relationships at all business levels and to work effectively in a small, committed and high performing team 
 
 Logistics 
 
 The application process consists of a short phone interview, followed by a practical written exercise, and two final stage interviews online. 
 We welcome candidates who wish to work in our London or Cardiff offices or someone who wishes to permanently work from home. At this point in time due to the impact of the coronavirus everyone works from home. 
 
 We offer a competitive salary plus other  benefits . 
 Diversity and inclusion are a priority for us at Monzo – if we want to solve problems for people around the world, our team has to represent our customers. So we need to attract the best talent in the world, and create an environment that supports and includes them. You can read more about diversity and inclusion on our blog. 
 Equal Opportunity Statement 
 
 At Monzo, embracing diversity in all of its forms and fostering an inclusive environment for all people to do the best work of their lives with us. This is integral to our mission of making money work for everyone. 
 We're an equal opportunity employer. All applicants will be considered for employment without attention to ethnicity, religion, sexual orientation, gender identity, family or parental status, national origin, veteran, neurodiversity status or disability status. 
 
 Apply for job 
 Bookmark Job 
 
 Job Page Views:  182 
 Others 
 
  Website  
  Twitter  
  Facebook  
  LinkedIn  
 
 Full Time 
 More Jobs 
 Position closed? 
 Let us know . 
 Share this job: 
 
  Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Join the Remote Slack Community: 
 
 Signup today for free!  🚀 
 Related Jobs 
 
 
 
 Senior Product Designer 
 Automattic  Passionate about making the web a better place 
 Anywhere 🌎 
 * Designer
* January 18
 
 
 
 
 Spécialiste en publicités Facebook / Media Buyer 
 Regain Media  Agence de marketing spécialisée dans l'immobilier 
 Anywhere 🌎 
 * Marketing
* December 3
 
 
 
 
 Community Manager 
 Degreed  The lifelong learning platform that exists to discover, empower and recognize the world's expertise. 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 * Marketing
* January 26
 
 Find Your Dream Job 
 Recruiters looking for remote talent can find your resume based on keywords, job titles, skills and more. 
 Post a resume today 
 WORKEW © 2020 
 Facebook   Twitter   LinkedIn   Instagram   YouTube 
 Back to Top 
 Nomad Insurance by SafetyWing : The best travel medical insurance for freelancers & remote workers Get Insured 
