RSS Feed 
 
 Skip to navigation 
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to secondary content 
 Skip to footer 
 
 Robins AFB Library Blog 
 
 Home 
 About Us 
 CONTESTS! 
 
 Tag Archives: Careers 
 New and Featured Books for Young Adults for 07/15/2013: 
 Posted on  July 15, 2013  by  Sam S. 
 Come and check out these and some of the other new books and materials (or at least new to us) for Young Adults added to our library collection… 
 FICTION: 
 Theodore Boone: The Activist  by John Grisham 
 
 All I Need  by Susane Colasanti 
 Goddess: A Starcrossed Novel  by Josephine Angelini 
 Survivor  by James Phelan 
 
 The Silver Dream: An  Interworld  Novel  , story of Neil Gaiman and Michael Reaves, written by Michael Reaves and Mallory Reaves 
 NON-FICTION: 
 Polluted Water And Your Vital Organs  by Bridget Heos 
 Smart Saving And Financial Planning  by Carla Mooney 
 Digital Smarts: How To Stay Within A Budget When Shopping, Living, And Doing Business Online  by Judy Monroe Peterson 
 
 The Technology Of Basketball  by Suzanne Slade 
 Careers As A First Responder  by Gina Hagler 
 Internship & Volunteer Opportunities For Peole Who Love All Things Digital  by Anastasia Suen 
 Internship & Volunteer Opportunities For Science And Math Wizards  by Daniel E. Harmon 
 Internship & Volunteer Opportunities For People Who Love Nature  by Greg Roza 
 Genetic Modification: Should Humans Control Nature?  by Leon Gray 
 Global Positioning System: Who 's Tracking You?  by Leon Gray 
 Apache Chief Geronimo  by William R. Sanford 
 Maya Angelou: A Biography Of An Award-Winning Poet And Civil Rights Activist  by Donna Brown Agins 
 Drawing Manga Faces And Bodies  by Anna Soughgate and Yishan Li 
 
 Dealing With Bullies, Cliques, And Social Stress  by Jennifer Landau 
 Assassins, Traitors, And Spies  by Elaine Landau 
 
 Please note that books mentioned here could be checked out between the time they end up on the blog and when you come to check them out. If you don’t see the items you’re looking for then please come up to the front desk, OR call us, OR send us an email at robinsbaselibrary@gmail.com and we’ll put your name on the reserve list for when the item returns. 
 
 Previous New/Featured books for Adults: 
 07/10/13 . 
 07/02/13 . 
 06/18/13 . 
 06/06/13 . 
 And for Young Adults: 
 06/28/13 . 
 06/05/13 . 
 05/08/13 . 
 04/18/13 . 
 And for Kids/Juvenile Readers: 
 06/19/13 . 
 06/18/13 . 
 05/21/13 . 
 05/06/13 . 
 Leave a comment 
 Posted in  Featured Items ,  New Items ,  Young Adults  and tagged  A foot in the door ,  Activism ,  Anastasia Suen ,  Anna Southgate ,  Art ,  Ask the experts ,  Assassins ,  Athletics ,  Basketball ,  Biography ,  Bodies ,  Budgeting ,  Budgets ,  Bullies ,  Business ,  Careers ,  Carla Mooney ,  Chiefs ,  Civil Rights ,  Cliques ,  Daniel E. Harmon ,  Dealing ,  Digital ,  Donna Brown Agins ,  Drawing ,  Economics ,  Elaine Landau ,  Environment ,  Environmental protection ,  Environmental science ,  Essential careers ,  Eugenics ,  Faces ,  Fiction ,  Financial planning ,  First responder ,  First responders ,  Genetics ,  Genetif modification ,  Geronimo ,  Gina Hagler ,  Global positioning system ,  Good and Evil ,  GPS ,  Greg Roza ,  High tech ,  History ,  Icons ,  Interns ,  Internships ,  Interworld ,  James Phelan ,  Japanese art ,  Jennifer Landau ,  John Grisham ,  Josephine Angelini ,  Judy Monroe Peterson ,  Juvenile Literature ,  Lebron James ,  Lee Harvey Oswald ,  Leon Gray ,  Living ,  Love ,  Mallory Reaves ,  Manga ,  Math ,  Math Wizards ,  Mathematics ,  Maya Angelous ,  Michael Reaves ,  Middle School ,  Money ,  Native Americans ,  Nature ,  Neil Gaiman ,  Non-Fiction ,  Online ,  Online shopping ,  Outdoors ,  Poetry ,  Poets ,  Polluted water ,  Saving ,  Science ,  Science Fiction ,  Sequels ,  Shopping ,  Shopping online ,  Smarts ,  Social stress ,  Space ,  Space and Time ,  Spacetime ,  Spies ,  Sports Illustrated for Kids ,  Starcrossed ,  Stress ,  Survival ,  Survival fiction ,  Susane Colasanti ,  Suzanne Slade ,  Technology ,  The end of the world ,  The Environment ,  The Internet ,  Theodore Bone ,  Time ,  Tracking ,  Traitors ,  Villains ,  Vital organs ,  Vocational guidance ,  Vocations ,  Volunteer opportunities ,  Volunteer workers ,  Volunteers ,  Warrios ,  Water ,  William R. Sanford ,  Wizards ,  Yishan Li ,  Young Adults . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 New and Featured Books for Young Adults for 06/28/2013: 
 Posted on  June 28, 2013  by  Sam S. 
 Come and check out these and some of the other new books and materials (or at least new to us) for Young Adults added to our library collection… 
 FICTION: 
 The Carrie Diaries: Summer And The City  by Candace Bushnell 
 Jane Austen Goes To Hollywood  by Abby McDonald 
 
 Cameron And The Girls  by Edward Averett 
 The Loop  by Shandy Lawson 
 
 Reboot  by Amy Tintera 
 
 Darius & Twig  by Walter Dean Myers 
 NON-FICTION: 
 Gangsters, Bootleggers, And Bandits  by Heather S. Schwartz 
 
 A Teen Guide To Eco-Gardening, Food, And Cooking  by Jen Green 
 How To Beat Physical Bullying  by Alexandra Hanson-Harding 
 Frequently Asked Questions About Same-Sex Marriage And When A Parent Is Gay  by Tracy Brown 
 Abracadabra! - Cool Magic Tricks With Cards  by Nicholas Einhorn 
 Alakazam! - Sensational Magic Tricks With Silk, Thimbles, Paper, And Money  by Nicholas Einhorn 
 
 How Not To Choke On Tests: Achieving Academic And Testing Success  by Stephanie Watson 
 A Career As A Dental Hygienist  by Ann Byers 
 
 Please note that books mentioned here could be checked out between the time they end up on the blog and when you come to check them out. If you don’t see the items you’re looking for then please come up to the front desk, OR call us, OR send us an email at robinsbaselibrary@gmail.com and we’ll put your name on the reserve list for when the item returns. 
 
 Previous New/Featured books for Adults: 
 06/18/13 . 
 06/06/13 . 
 05/31/13 . 
 05/28/13 . 
 And for Young Adults: 
 06/05/13 . 
 05/08/13 . 
 04/18/13 . 
 02/06/13 . 
 And for Kids/Juvenile Readers: 
 06/19/13 . 
 06/18/13 . 
 05/21/13 . 
 05/06/13 . 
 Leave a comment 
 Posted in  Featured Items ,  New Items ,  Young Adults  and tagged  Abby McDonald ,  Abracadabra ,  Academic Achievements ,  Academics ,  Adventure! ,  Adventurers ,  Alakazam! ,  Alexandra Hanson-Harding ,  Amy Tintera ,  Ann Byers ,  Authorship ,  Bandits ,  Best Friends ,  Biography ,  Bootleggers ,  Bullying ,  Candace Bushnell ,  Card tricks ,  Cards ,  Careers ,  Carrie Bradshaw ,  Choke ,  Choking ,  Cooking ,  Cool! ,  Criminals ,  Dead ,  Death ,  DOMA ,  Edward Averett ,  Environment friendly ,  Fail ,  FAQ ,  Female friendship ,  Fiction ,  Food ,  Frequently Asked Questions ,  Gangsters ,  Gardening ,  Guides ,  Handbooks ,  Harlem ,  Heather E. Schwartz ,  History ,  Interpersonal relations ,  Interpersonal relationships ,  Jane Austen ,  Jen Green ,  Junior High ,  Juvenile Literature ,  LGBT ,  Life ,  Loop ,  Love ,  Magic ,  Magic tricks ,  Manhattan ,  Manuals ,  Mental illness ,  Middle School ,  Money ,  New York ,  Nicholas Einhorn ,  Non-Fiction ,  Paper ,  Reboot ,  Running ,  Same sex couples ,  Same sex marriages ,  Schizophrenia ,  Science Fiction ,  Sex And The City ,  Shandy Lawson ,  Silk ,  Soldiers ,  Stephanie Watson ,  Study skills ,  Summer ,  Teen Life ,  Teenager ,  Teenagers ,  Test taking ,  Testing ,  Tests ,  The Carrie Diaries ,  The Environment ,  Thimbles ,  Thriller ,  Tracy Brown ,  Villains ,  Walter Dean Myers ,  YA ,  Young Adults ,  Young women . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 New and Featured Books for Young Adults for 06/05/2013: 
 Posted on  June 5, 2013  by  Sam S. 
 Come and check out these and some of the other new books and materials (or at least new to us) for Young Adults added to our library collection… 
 FICTION: 
 Alpha And Omega: Cry Wolf, vol. 2  by Patricia Briggs, adapted by David Lawrence and illustrated by Todd Herman 
 Fair Game: An Alpha And Omega Novel  by Patricia Briggs 
 
 Ruthless: A Pretty Little Liars Novel  by Sara Shepard 
 Manic Pixie Dream Girl  by Tom Leveen 
 Emily 's Dress And Other Missing Things  by Kathryn Burak 
 The Sweet Dead Life  by Joy Preble 
 
 Seizure  by Kathy Reichs 
 Truth Or Dare  by Ella Monroe 
 The Encyclopedia Of Me  by Karen Rivers 
 The Rithmatist  by Brandon Sanderson and illustrated by Ben McSweeney 
 
 The Outlaws Of Sherwood Street: Giving To The Poor  by Peter Abrahams 
 The Language Inside  by Holly Thompson 
 
 Ruby Redfort Take Your Last Breath  by Lauren Child 
 Formerly Shark Girl  by Kelly Bingham 
 The Rules For Disappearing  by Ashley Elston 
 Fall Of Night: The Morganville Vampires  by Rachel Caine 
 
 Thousand Words  by Jennifer Brown 
 Defriended  by Ruth Baron 
 I 'm With Stupid  by Geoff Herbach 
 Eona  by Alison Goodman 
 The Girl With The Iron Touch  by Kady Cross 
 
 The Moon And More  by Sarah Dessen 
 
 Dare You To  by Katie McGarry 
 Night School  by C. J. Daugherty 
 NON-FICTION: 
 Star Wars: The Clone Wars - Who Are The Jedi?  by Glenn Dakin 
 A Career As A Chef  by Susan Meyer 
 The Case Of The Flesh-Eating Bacteria  by Michelle Faulk 
 Teen Life: Frequently Asked Questions About Texting, Sexting, And Flaming  by Rebecca T. Klein 
 A Marked Man: The Assassination Of Malcolm X  by Matt Doeden 
 
 Kid Pickers: How To Turnk Junk Into Treasure  by Mike Wolfe with Lily Sprengelmeyer 
 Women Of The Frontier: 16 Tales Of Trailblazing Homesteaders, Entrepreneurs, And The Rabble-Rousers  by Brandon Marie Miller 
 Ancient Treasures  by Nick Hunter 
 Shaking The Foundation: Charles Darwin And Theory Of Evolution  by Sylvia A. Johnson 
 
 Tales From The Top Of The World: Climbing Mount Everest With Peter Athans  by Sandra K. Athans 
 Avoiding Danger On The Hunt  by Philip Wolny 
 How Spending And Saving Affect You  by John Strazzabosco 
 Love Wins: For Teens  by Rob Bell 
 
 Please note that books mentioned here could be checked out between the time they end up on the blog and when you come to check them out. If you don’t see the items you’re looking for then please come up to the front desk, OR call us, OR send us an email at robinsbaselibrary@gmail.com and we’ll put your name on the reserve list for when the item returns. 
 
 Previous New/Featured books for Adults: 
 05/31/13 . 
 05/28/13 . 
 05/09/13 . 
 04/29/13 . 
 And for Young Adults: 
 05/08/13 . 
 04/18/13 . 
 02/06/13 . 
 12/28/12 . 
 And for Kids/Juvenile Readers: 
 05/21/13 . 
 05/06/13 . 
 04/24/13 . 
 03/27/13 . 
 1 Comment 
 Posted in  Featured Items ,  New Items ,  Young Adults  and tagged  ABC Family ,  Ahsoka Tano ,  Alison Goodman ,  Amazing Girl ,  American Pickers ,  Anakin Skywalker ,  Ancient civilizations ,  Ancient treasures ,  Angel ,  Angels ,  Annie Biotica ,  Antiques business ,  Archaeology ,  Arithmetic ,  Ashley Elston ,  Assassinations ,  Authorship ,  Beauty ,  Ben McSweeney ,  Best Friends ,  Biography ,  Biology ,  Boarding schools ,  Brandon Marie Miller ,  Brandon Sanderson ,  Breast cancer ,  Brothers and Sisters ,  C. J. Daugherty ,  Capital Girls ,  Careers ,  Cell phone systems ,  Charles Darwin ,  Chef ,  Civil Rights ,  Clarice Bean ,  Codes ,  Comic books ,  Community service ,  Conduct of life ,  Consumption ,  Cooking ,  Culinary skills ,  Danger ,  Dating ,  David Lawrence ,  Dead ,  Disappearing ,  Dragons ,  Dysfunctional families ,  Economics ,  El-Hajj Malik El-Shabazz ,  Ella Monroe ,  Emotional problems ,  Encyclopedia ,  Entrepre ,  Eon ,  Essential careers ,  Evolution ,  Family life ,  Fantasy ,  Fantasy fiction ,  FAQ ,  Fiction ,  Flame war ,  Flaming ,  Flesh-eating bacteria ,  Food ,  Football ,  Foundations ,  Frequently Asked Questions ,  Friendship ,  Geoff Herbach ,  Graduate students ,  Graphic novels ,  Grief ,  Harlequin ,  High school ,  History ,  History Channel ,  Holly Thompson ,  Homestead ,  Horror Fiction ,  Hunting ,  Illustrations ,  Infections ,  Internet and teenagers ,  Interpersonal communication ,  Interpersonal relations ,  Interpersonal relationships ,  Japan ,  Jedi Knights ,  Jedi order ,  Jennifer Brown ,  John Strazzabosco ,  Joy Preble ,  Junk ,  Justice ,  Juvenile Literature ,  Kady Cross ,  Karen Rivers ,  Kathryn Burak ,  Katie McGarry ,  Kelly Bingham ,  Language ,  Last breath ,  Lauren Child ,  Lies ,  Life on the frontier ,  Lightsaber ,  Lightsabers ,  Lily Sprengelmeyer ,  Love ,  Magic ,  Malcolm Little ,  Malcolm X ,  Manic pixie dream girl ,  Marcus du Sautoy ,  Matt Doeden ,  Me ,  Michelle Faulk ,  Mike Wolfe ,  Missing ,  Missing children ,  Missing persons ,  Money ,  Mount Everest ,  Mountaineering ,  Mountaineers ,  Moving ,  MPDG ,  Mt. Everest ,  Mystery and detective stories ,  Neighborhoods ,  Nick Hunter ,  Night school ,  Non-Fiction ,  Novels in verse ,  Obi-Wan Kenobi ,  Online etiquette ,  Patricia Briggs ,  Peter Abrahams ,  Peter Athans ,  Philip Wolny ,  Picking ,  Poems ,  Poetry ,  Pretty Little Liars ,  Pushing The Limits ,  Puzzles ,  Rabble-rousers ,  Rachel Caine ,  Rob Bell ,  Robin Hood ,  Romance ,  Ruby Redfort ,  Rules ,  Ruth Baron ,  Safety ,  Sandra K. Athans ,  Sara Shepard ,  Sarah Dessen ,  Saving ,  Saving money ,  Schools ,  Secrets ,  Sequels ,  Sequential art ,  Sexting ,  Skin ,  Skin diseases ,  Social customs ,  Spending ,  Star Wars ,  Supernatural ,  Susan Meyer ,  Sylvia A. Johnson ,  Tales ,  Teen Life ,  Teenagers ,  Teens ,  Text messages ,  Texting ,  The Chosen One ,  The Clone Wars ,  The Dark Side ,  The dead ,  The frontier ,  The Future! ,  The Internet ,  The Jedi ,  The Moon! ,  The Old West ,  Theory of evolution ,  Todd Herman ,  Tom Leveen ,  Treasure ,  Treasure troves ,  Truth or dare ,  Tsunamis ,  Vampires ,  Verse ,  Virus diseases ,  Vocational guidance ,  Werewolves ,  Wild game ,  Winning ,  Witness Protection Program ,  Witnesses ,  Women of action ,  Yoda ,  Young Adults . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 New and Featured Books for Young Adults for 12/05/2012: 
 Posted on  December 5, 2012  by  Sam S. 
 Come and check out these and some of the other new books and materials (or at least new to us) for Young Adults added to our library collection… 
 FICTION: 
 Burned: A Pretty Little Liars Novel  by Sara Shepard 
 Perry 's Killer Playlist  by Joe Schreiber 
 Dark Lord: The Early Years  by Jamie Thomson 
 Eighth Grade Is Making Me Sick: Ginny Davis 's Year In Stuff  by Jennifer L. Holm and illustrated by Elicia Castaldi 
 Daniel X: Armageddon  by James Patterson and Chris Grabenstein 
 Lovely, Dark And Deep  by Amy McNamara 
 Come August, Come Freedom: The Bellows, The Gallows, And The Black General Gabriel  by Gigi Amateau 
 Sent  by Margaret Peterson Haddix 
 Caught  by Margaret Peterson Haddix 
 Double Identity  by Margaret Peterson Haddix 
 The Cavendish Home For Boys And Girls  by Claire Legrand 
 Momentum  by Saci Lloyd 
 The Curiosities: A Collection Of Stories  by Maggie Stiefvater, Tessa Gratton, and Brenna Yovanoff 
 The Almost Truth  by Eileen Cook 
 Cursed  by Jennifer L. Armentrout 
 NON-FICTION: 
 Inspiring African-American Civil Rights Leaders  by Stephen Feinstein 
 Paranormal Files: Ghosts  by Stuart Webb 
 Teen Cuisine: New Vegetarian  by Matthew Locriccio, with photography by James Peterson 
 How To Beat Cyberbullying  by Judy Monroe Peterson 
 Write Horror Fiction In 5 Simple Steps  by Laura Baskes Litwin 
 Top 10 Tips For Planning A Career  by Molly Jones 
 
 Please note that books mentioned here could be checked out between the time they end up on the blog and when you come to check them out. If you don’t see the items you’re looking for then please come up to the front desk, OR call us, OR send us an email at robinsbaselibrary@gmail.com and we’ll put your name on the reserve list for when the item returns. 
 
 Previous New/Featured books for Adults: 
 12/04/12 . 
 11/20/12 . 
 11/19/12 . 
 11/01/12 . 
 And for Young Adults: 
 08/17/12 . 
 07/10/12 . 
 04/12/12 . 
 04/03/12 . 
 And for Kids/Juvenile Readers: 
 11/29/12 . 
 11/15/12 . 
 10/29/12 . 
 10/18/12 . 
 3 Comments 
 Posted in  Featured Items ,  New Items ,  Young Adults  and tagged  Action ,  Adventure! ,  Adventurers ,  African American history ,  Aliens ,  Amy McNamara ,  Armageddon ,  Boys and girls ,  Brenna Yovanoff ,  Career success ,  Careers ,  Chris Grabenstein ,  Civil Rights ,  Civil Rights leaders ,  Claire Legrand ,  Cooking ,  Creative writing ,  Cuisine ,  Curiosity ,  Curses ,  Cyberbullying ,  Daniel X ,  Depression ,  Dirk Lloyd ,  Easy steps ,  Eileen Cook ,  Elicia Castaldi ,  Energy conservation ,  Evil ,  Extraterrestrial beings ,  Fantasy ,  Fiction ,  Freedom ,  Gabriel Prosser ,  Gallows ,  Ghosts ,  Gigi Amateau ,  Ginny Davis ,  Grief ,  Handwriting ,  Hauntings ,  Horror ,  Horror Fiction ,  Identity ,  James Patterson ,  James Peterson ,  Jamie Thomson ,  Jennifer L. Armentrout ,  Jennifer L. Holm ,  Joe Schreiber ,  Judy Monroe Peterson ,  Junior High ,  Laura Baskes Litwin ,  Liars ,  Lies ,  Literature ,  Maggie Stiefvater ,  Magic ,  Margaret Peterson Haddix ,  Matthew Locriccio ,  Middle School ,  Molly Jones ,  Mystery ,  Non-Fiction ,  Orphans ,  Paranormal ,  Photography ,  Pretty Little Liars ,  Process ,  Saci Lloyd ,  Sara Shepard ,  Science Fiction ,  Secrets ,  Short stories ,  Short story ,  Short story collections ,  Simple steps ,  Slave insurrections ,  Slavery ,  Spectres ,  Spirits ,  Stephen Feinstein ,  Stuart Webb ,  Teenagers ,  Tessa Gratton ,  The 8th Grade ,  The Missing ,  Thriller ,  Tips ,  Truth ,  Vegetarian ,  Vocational guidance ,  W.E.B. Du Bois ,  YA ,  Young Adult ,  Young Adults . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 New and Featured DVDs for 12/17/13: 
 Holiday Hours. 
 New and Featured Books for 11/12/2013: 
 New and Featured DVDs for 10/31/13: 
 New and Featured Books for 10/30/2013: 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 January 2021 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 
 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 
 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 
 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 31 
 
 
 
 « Dec 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 Audio/Visual 
 Author quotes 
 CONTESTS! 
 Current Events 
 Ephemera 
 Featured Items 
 Homework Help 
 Info 
 Kids/Juvenile 
 Library Programs and Events 
 Links 
 Miscellany 
 New Items 
 Online Resources 
 Patron Questions 
 Reading Material 
 Uncategorized 
 Welcome! 
 Young Adults 
 
 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
