Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Quality & Performance Consultant 
 Trillium Health Partners 
 __Mississauga, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description: 
 
 Position:  Quality Performance Consultant 
 File#:  2020-19060 
 Status:  Full Time (x1) 
 Dept./Health System:  MHCW Regional Cancer Program - Prevention, Screening, Diagnostic Assessment and Primary Care Engagement - Credit Valley Hospital 
 Posted:  November 18, 2020 
 Internal Deadline:  November 25, 2020 
 
 The Mississauga Halton Central West (MHCW) Regional Cancer Program oversees the delivery and quality of cancer services for residents of both the Central West and Mississauga Halton regions. We are one of 13 Regional Cancer Programs created by Ontario Health - Cancer Care Ontario (OH-CCO) to ensure cancer care is delivered according to province-wide quality and performance standards. Aligned with OH (CCO) Plan V, the MHCW Regional Cancer Program is dedicated to delivering the highest quality, compassionate, patient-centred cancer care and treatment that is designed to improve patient outcomes and reduce the burden of cancer. 
 Reporting to the Regional Manager, Cancer Screening, Prevention, Diagnostic Assessment and Primary Care Engagement, the Quality Performance Consultant will be based at Trillium Health Partners and will work with a multidisciplinary team to successfully develop and implement strategic quality and performance improvement initiatives across the Mississauga Halton Central West Region as they relate to cancer care. The Consultant works in close partnership with diverse stakeholders including Cancer Care Ontario Regional Leads, partner hospitals, community and public service organizations, and Primary Care Providers to achieve the goals of the Ontario Cancer Plan V (OCP V), and the MHCW RCP strategic plan. Specific areas of focus for this role include daily support of the MHCW RCP Integrated Cancer Screening portfolio, quality improvement efforts, cancer prevention, screening and diagnostic assessment. 
 Key Qualifications: 
Bachelor's degree in business or health related discipline strongly preferred 
Masters in health related discipline or business administration an asset 
Project management/quality improvement certificate is an asset 
Regulated Health Professional with current registration with the appropriate regulatory college would be an asset. Clinical experience working with patients would be an asset. 
Minimum of 3-5 years of experience in a quality improvement or project management role within a fast-paced, dynamic organization in the healthcare sector; experience in physician and multidisciplinary team engagement is an asset 
Excellent organizational, project planning and relationship building skills 
Strong communications and excellent interpersonal skills, combined with good analytical and problem solving skills 
Must be able to organize and prioritize work and handle multiple tasks in a fast-paced environment 
 Position Summary: 
Support the planning, project management and delivery of regional cancer care strategies in the Central West and Mississauga Halton Region, with a focus on quality and performance improvement 
Develop quality improvement and project management materials including project charters, performance reports and evaluations for quality and performance improvement initiatives 
Works collaboratively with internal and external stakeholders to advance regional initiatives along the OH (CCO) cancer journey. 
Assist with the development of annual work plans; identify key initiatives, performance measures/benchmarks and timeliness targets. Support the implementation of initiatives outlined in the work plans 
Evaluate regional cancer care initiatives to ensure intended outcomes are being achieved. Support Manager in interpreting and analyzing relevant data to guide quality and performance improvements 
Liaise with internal and external stakeholders sharing expertise, maximizing resources and responding to cancer care needs. Identify and optimize opportunities for collaboration with stakeholder groups. 
Represent the Regional Cancer Program on related committees, locally, regionally and provincially, as approved by the Manager based on the Program needs 
Strong working knowledge of the Microsoft Office Suite of Applications (Word, Power Point, Excel, and Visio) 
Access to a vehicle for travel to all three THP sites and MHCW Regional Cancer Program regional partners 
 Internal Candidates who believe they possess the necessary qualifications and experience for this position and who have been in their current position for at least six (6) months are encouraged to apply. 
 To pursue this career opportunity, please visit our website:  www.trilliumhealthpartners.ca 
 Trillium Health Partners is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering a healthy, safe and respectful environment for healing, based on our values compassion, excellence and courage. To be Better Together, we commit to fostering a respectful workplace culture that promotes a safe and supportive environment for everyone who provides care, supports caregiving, receives care or visits the hospital. 
 In accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005 and the Ontario Human Rights Code Trillium Health Partners will provide accommodations throughout the recruitment and selection process to applicants with disabilities. If selected to participate in the recruitment and selection process, please inform Human Resources of the nature of any accommodation(s) that you may require in respect of any materials or processes used to ensure your equal participation. 
 All personal information is collected under the authority of the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act. 
 Trillium Health Partners is identified under the French Language Services Act. 
 We thank all those who apply but only those selected for further consideration will be contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
