  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Nottingham, England 
 Rate:  £8.72 - £9.00 per hour 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Security Staff 
 Calling all Security Staff, in Nottingham. 
 Do you have an SIA license, or basic security badge? Our Client is looking, for someone to come and do door supervision/ security work. 
 In order to help protect the Covid 19 Vaccine Supply against protestors. 
 Hours: To Cover a 24-hour period requiring the following. 
 4 guards in the day and 2 at Night. 
 Locations: City Hospital Campus 
Rate of Pay: £9 
, challenge anyone who is not a member of staff or a patient 
, make sure visitors have a reason to be in the hospital 
, ask official visitors to sign in and issue them with a pass 
, deal with any incidents which might threaten the security of staff and patients 
, where possible, diffuse potentially difficult situations 
, call in police or other emergency services if required 
, monitor CCTV 
, patrol the outside of the hospital including the ground 
, oversee the work of several security officers 
, organise staff rotas and shift 
, deal with day-to-day staffing and security issues 
Applicants should be confident in their own abilities and keen learners in order to fulfil the role to the best of your ability. 
 If this sounds like you, and if you want to discuss the role further then please contact Matt at service care solutions on 01772 208 963. 
 Alternatively, please email. 
 Matt.clarke@servicecare.org.uk. 
 , The Benefits of Service Care Solutions: 
, , £250 training allowance 
, , Excellent pay rates 
, , Exceptional referral bonuses 
, , Specialist's Non-Medical Non Clinical consultants offering single point of contact 
, , Frequent notifications for upcoming opportunities via text and email 
, , Nationwide provider of staff to cover over 40 different NHS trust and private organisations 
, , DBS disclosures provided via fast track online services free of charge. 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  Ongoing 
 
 
 Rate:  £8.72 - £9.00 per hour 
 
 
 Location:  Nottingham, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Human_Resources 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208 953 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2021-01-08 17:00:22 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 New Owner Executive  
 Childrens Joint Commissioner, Lewisham 
 Business Support Officer 
 Repairs Administrator 
 Mobile Cleaner 
 Street Scene Operative 
 Senior Digital Forensic Specialist, Cell Site Analysis (Police) 
 Registered Manager - Short Break's Centre 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse - York 
 Family Paralegal 
 Covid-19 Project Manager 
 Health and Safety Advisor 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Mental Health Support Worker  
 Joiner 
 Support Worker  
 Reablement Support Worker 
 Electrical Inspector 
 Electrical Technical Officer 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
