Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 20-086 Manager, Outage 
 Ian Martin 
 __Canada 
 Apply Now 
 We are currently requesting resumes for the following position: Manager, Outage 
 Resume Due Date:  Wednesday, October 7, 2020 (5:00PM EST) 
 Number of Vacancies:  1 
 Duration:  12 months 
 Location:  Pickering 
 Please note that rotating shift work will be required for this position, which may include evenings and weekends. 
 Job Overview 
 Support the Director Work Management, Director Operations & Maintenance Refurbishment , or Director Refurbishment Interface and Vacuum Building Outage (VBO) in achieving business goals and improving station performance, in the area of outage planning and execution. 
 Establish outage management practices consistent with Ontario Power Generation, Nuclear standards, and business objectives. Determine scope and prioritize outage work to be performed. 
Approve resource estimates for outages. 
Approve the overall logic for safe and efficient execution of outage work. Establish appropriate schedules for outage work. Integrate project work with outage work. (Not applicable in Nuclear Refurbishment) 
Measure and report performance in scheduling and executing planned outage work. 
Identify and implement improvements to the outage scheduling process. Provide guidance to managers regarding improvements to outage execution processes. 
Review and maintain the station long-range outage plan. 
Ensure that outage plans and logics are in accordance with Power Reactor Operating Licence and Operating Policies and Procedures. 
Administering and Controlling the assigned budgets to achieve required outputs. 
 Qualifications 
 Requires a knowledge of physics, chemistry, mathematics, engineering principles, thermodynamics and mechanics in order to technically understand the various station systems, equipment, processes and work programs in use, and to facilitate the solution of maintenance and/or operational problems. 
Requires excellent verbal and written communication skills to have the ability to provide instructions and advice to various personnel, and to prepare clear, concise directions on methods and procedures as well as reports. 
Completion of a 4 year University Degree in related discipline preferred. 
Practical experience in the operation of a multi-unit Candu nuclear facility is required, as associated with the Nuclear qualification program, to become familiar with the systems, equipment, and processes involved in the operation and maintenance of the plant. 
Requires on-the-job experience to appreciate the interrelationship between the various systems, equipment and processes, and a sound understanding of the relationship between systems, equipment and processes as they relate to public and worker safety, in order to be capable of using this experience and comprehension to facilitate the solution of problems. 
Requires experience in a supervisory capacity to effectively direct the work of the unit. 
A period of over 8 years and up to and including 10 years is considered necessary to gain this experience. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
