Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Analyst, Integrated Fixed Income 
 Fiera Capital 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 
 Please note that this is a position in which the candidate will start the first 4 months in Montreal and then will be moved to Toronto*. 
 
 Under the supervision of the Vice President & Senior Portfolio Manager, Integrated Fixed Income, the Analyst will assist the investment team in management of corporate bonds and preferred shares. More specifically, the analyst will have responsibilities in conducting credit analysis of issuers and assist the team in all aspects of day-to-day portfolio management of both fixed income portfolios and preferred shares. The Analyst will be working with members from one of the top performing Canadian fixed income strategies, directly responsible for the active management of over $26 billion in assets. 
 As part of your duties, you will be assigned the following responsibilities: 
 Under the direction of the IFI Credit Committee, conduct fundamental credit analysis including making investment recommendations on assigned credit issuers and specific sectors; 
Document and report on credit analysis and relevant news to the Fixed Income team; 
Meet with corporate management teams, investment bankers and analysts; 
Provide trading support for corporate bonds and preferred shares; 
Assist the team on developing data analytical framework tield to fixed income process of the IFI group; 
Monitor current risk budget of bonds strategies tied to sectors of responsibility; 
Assist the team in producing reports and presentations. 
 EDUCATION/ACCREDITATION: 
Master’s degree in Finance, Accounting, or Business related; 
CFA designation or currently enrolled to complete the CFA designation; 
Undergraduate degree in Engeneering, Science or Computer Science is an asset. 
A minimum of 3 to 5 years of experience in capital markets or the portfolio management industry. 
Excellent understanding of accounting principals and financial analysis; 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills in English; 
Must have a combination of strong quantitative/analytical skills and client focus; 
Strong business acumen, judgement and decision making skills; 
Demonstrate interest for data analysis and predictive analysis;Team player with strong interpersonal skills; 
Self motivated, results driven and able to work independently; 
Very strong organisational skills with a high attention to detail; 
Ability to learn quickly and take on new responsibilities; 
Familiarity with Bloomberg an asset; 
Familiarity with the Canadian Bond market and Corporate bond issuers in this market, 
An understanding of portfolio management processes and investment policies is an asset; 
Basic programming skills is an asset. 
 The use of the masculine is for the sole purpose of lightening the text and refers to both women and men. 
 Fiera Capital subscribes to the principle of employment equity. Our staff is our most valuable asset and our goal is to create an inclusive and equitable environment where everyone can reach their true potential. 
 Fiera Capital will not tolerate any form of discrimination or harassment. All staffing decisions, including hiring and promotion decisions, will be based on merit, skills, performance and business needs. We are pleased to receive nominations from qualified individuals from a variety of backgrounds. 
 We thank all applicants for their interest in a career with Fiera Capital. We will only communicate with those selected for an interview. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
