   Help Center 
 toggle menu 
 Back to Workpop   Submit a request   Sign in 
 
 Workpop Support 
 Employers 
 Attracting and Sourcing Candidates 
 
 Candidate Sourcing - How your jobs are shared with partner sites 
 Workpop puts you in the driver's seat when it comes to deciding how much you would like to spend on advertising your job posts. You choose which level of sourcing your job will receive and then boost the traffic with  Sparks  for extra sourcing power! 
 Depending on which Workpop plan you have, you will have different levels of sourcing for your jobs. Choose your plan below to learn more. If you are unsure of your plan type, you can check by viewing your Plan Information (found in Company Settings). 
 AHS - Applicant Hiring System Hiring Essentials Legacy Plans 
 Our AHS Plans allow for you to post an unlimited number of jobs. You're able to select the audience for your postings based on the type of post you choose. 
 There are four options for your job posts: 
 Promoted  | 
 
 These are jobs have Sparks applied to them. 
 With Sparks, your spend will be automatically optimized across our full partner network of 100+ sites (including premium paid sites). 
 You control the level of promotion and sourcing by applying Sparks as needed. 
 
 Free-Tier  | 
 
 All jobs receive candidate traffic from Workpop as well as from our network of free sourcing partners. 
 
 Careers Site Only  | 
 
 These jobs are only posted to your Careers Site. 
 This job type will never expire. 
 This job type allows you to keep roles you always need to hire for open while restricting visibility of the job to a smaller population, like internal candidates only. 
 
 Off  | 
 
 Jobs that are turned off are not posted anywhere. 
 To turn a job on, simply click the On/Off slider. 
 
 Free-Tier and Promoted vs. Careers Site Only Jobs 
 You can move your jobs between being Free Tier, Promoted, or Careers Site Only at any time. Free-Tier Jobs get shared with our organic partner sites, You can Promote jobs at any time by applying sparks to add even more traffic and visibility. Careers Site Only jobs will  ONLY  appear on your personalized Careers Page and are “evergreen,” meaning they never expire. 
 Careers Site Only jobs are great for positions that you want to have open for year-round passive recruiting or are legally required to have advertised. 
 Tip 
 Learn more about building a personalized Careers Site  here ! 
 To move a Promoted Job to Careers Site Only: 
 
 From the  My Jobs  Page: 
 
 Find the job you would like to move to Careers Site Only 
 Click the three dots menu button (  ...  ) to the far right of the post 
 
 * A menu of options will appear
 
 
 Select  Move to Careers Site Only  from the drop down menu 
 
 * A success message will display across the top of the page and your job will be listed in the Careers Site Only section.
 
 To update a Careers Site Only posting to Free-Tier or Promoted Sourcing: 
 From the  My Jobs  Page: 
 
 Find the job you would like to Promote 
 Click the Promote button 
 
 * The job will move to the Promoted posting sections
 
 Your job is now Promoted and shared with a wider audience! 
 Note 
 Learn more about where your job is posted  here 
 There are two options for your job posts: 
 Featured  | 
 
 Featured Jobs are your paid job slots that receive premium candidate sourcing. 
 The number of jobs you can feature at once depends on your plan. 
 Swap Featured Jobs in and out at any time. 
 
 Off  | 
 
 Jobs that are turned off are not posted anywhere. 
 To turn a job on, simply click the On/Off slider. 
 If you have a Featured slot available, your job will be automatically featured. 
 If you do not have any available featured job slots, you will be prompted to upgrade plan. 
 
 Feature a Job Post 
 Hiring needs change and sometimes you may need to switch the jobs you are Featuring.  You can upgrade your plan with additional Featured Jobs or change which jobs you are currently featuring. 
 Note 
 Learn more about where your job is posted  here 
 Warning 
 This plan type is only available for actively subscribed legacy users on our Workpop Hiring Plans and is no longer offered. Basic jobs are no longer available. 
 There are three options for your job posts: 
 Featured  | 
 
 Featured Jobs are your paid job slots that receive premium candidate sourcing. 
 The number of jobs you can feature at once depends on your plan. 
 Swap Featured Jobs in and out at any time. 
 
 Basic  | 
 
 Basic Jobs only receive candidates from Workpop.com and free partner sites. 
 You can have unlimited Basic Jobs live at once. 
 To feature a Basic Job, simply click the “Feature” button. 
 
 Off  | 
 
 Jobs that are turned off are not posted anywhere. 
 To turn a job on, simply click the On/Off slider. 
 If you have a Featured slot available, your job will be automatically featured. 
 If you do not, your job will be posted as a Basic Job. 
 
 Feature/Unfeature a Job Post 
 Hiring needs change and sometimes you may need to switch the jobs you are Featuring.  You can upgrade your plan with additional Featured Jobs or change which jobs you are currently featuring. 
 Note 
 You must have an unused Featured job slot available in order to feature a job.  If you have an unused Featured Job slot available and post a new job, it will automatically be featured. 
 To Un-Feature your Job: 
 From the My Jobs Page: 
 
 Find the job you would like to Un-Feature 
 Click the three dots menu button (  ...  ) to the far right of the post 
 
 * A menu of options will appear
 
 
 Select   Unfeature   from the drop down menu 
 
 * A success message will display across the top of the page and your job will be listed as basic.
 
 You can now feature a different posting. 
 To Feature a Basic posting: 
 From the My Jobs Page: 
 
 Find the job you would like to Feature 
 Click the   Feature   button 
 
 * The job will move to the Featured posting sections
 
 Your job is now featured and shared with a wider audience. 
 Note 
 Learn more about where your job is posted  here 
 Turning Your Job Post On/Off 
 You may not want to have your postings published at all times. Workpop helps you control when your jobs are posted and accepting applications via the Off/On switch. 
 **  From the My Jobs Page:** 
 
 Find the posting you’d like to turn On/Off 
 Click the Switch 
 
 * The job will switch On/Off based on it’s current state
 
 You’ll toggle the switch to Off when you want to stop accepting applicants and turn off the posting. 
 Warning 
 Turning off your posting does NOT cancel or pause your subscription. 
 Note 
 Our jobs are published for 30 days, and then they automatically turn off. If you’re still looking for candidates after thirty days, you can turn the switch back on to re-publish your job posting. 
 Related articles 
 
 Where Your Job Is Posted 
 Manage Your Email Preferences 
 What Is Workpop? 
 Social Recruiting 
 Branded Job Listings & Custom Careers Site 
 
 HELP + ADVICE 
 
 Help Center 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 support@workpop.com 
 
 CONNECT WITH US 
 
 facebook 
 linkedin 
 twitter 
 youtube 
 
 Copyright ©2017 Workpop, Inc. All Rights Reserved.  Privacy  |  Terms of Service 
