Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Administrative Assistant 
 Jacobs 
 __Corunna, ON 
 Apply Now 
 This position is located in Lambton County and is a 1 year project hire. 
 The Buildings & Infrastructure Line of Business is a global network of employees, which serves both the private and public sector. Our employees work to shape the communities we live in by creating world-class projects that transform the future development patterns of those communities. We provide our clients award-winning planning, engineering, architectural and interior design, construction and program management, and design-build project delivery. The Jacobs business model allows us to successfully service our clients, leverage our integrated services, and provide our employees with growth opportunities while delivering global solutions to our client’s local programs. 
 We consistently receive high rankings from Engineering News-Record (ENR) in many classifications, including the categories of Top Design Firms, Top Contractors, Top Green Buildings Design Firms, and Top Transportation Companies. 
 As an Administrative Assistant in Lambton County, ON, you will provide a wide variety of administrative and staff support services to assist our team. You will perform an administrative role in a fast-paced environment where you will always be prioritizing tasks. You will work independently and use judgment based on experience to evaluate situations and develop solutions. 
 As an Administrative Assistant, you will: 
Effectively manage DWQM Systems Manage complex and confidential calendar schedules for multiple people. 
Coordinate travel calendars and resolve meeting conflicts. 
Collect data, analyze and report complex information associated with department projects. 
Prepare reports and documentation. 
Manage expense reports from inputting to completion, along with reviews that align to the Company expense report policies and guidelines. Manage invoicing and procurement processes 
If you're up for the challenge in a high-pressure, dynamic environment, we've been looking for someone just like you! 
 #BIA 
 #li-sd1 
 Qualifications 
 DWQMS or equivalent Internal Audit training 
QMS Representative 
High School Diploma or equivalent required, plus advanced or specialized training in administrative support is preferred; college degree is desirable. 
Intermediate to advanced skills using Microsoft Word, Excel, Outlook Calendar, Sharepoint, Skype for Business and Adobe PDF are required. 
8 or more years of administrative support experience, with some prior experience in an administrative leadership role is preferred. 
Experience using PowerPoint and Skype for Business is preferred. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
