Fetching Careers: 16 Jobs Where You Can Work With Dogs 
 The market for dog-related jobs is expected to grow 16 percent by 2028. 
 Fetching Careers: 16 Jobs Where You Can Work With Dogs 
 They say that a dog is mankind's best friend. Some people love dogs so much that they choose to work with them professionally. 
 As the  numbers  of service and companion dogs, as well as family pets, continue to grow, demand will grow for people trained and specialized in caring for dogs. Other dog-related employment is also expected to increase. 
 The typical entry-level dog care worker  has  a high-school diploma or the equivalent, and most workers learn the skills they need through on-the-job training without needing certifications. Some jobs may require attending a specialized school, such as a pet grooming school. Dog trainers can take courses at community colleges, vocational schools or private institutions. Some roles, such as a vet, require a college degree. 
 Groups  such  as the National Dog Groomers Association of America, the National Association of Professional Pet Sitters and Pet Sitters International all offer certification programs. Many U.S. states  require  animal care and service workers who are self-employed to have a business license. 
 The market for all animal care workers is expected to grow  16 percent  from 2018 to 2028, a higher rate than the average of other professions. 
 Here's a list of 16 jobs that may be perfect for you if you love dogs, and estimates of what salary you can earn. 
 Dog Groomer 
 Salary range for animal care and service workers in 2018:   $23,760 to $38,640 
 Dog groomers help clients' dogs stay clean, with neat, well-trimmed fur. Regular grooming care will prevent dog fur matting or shedding, and can detect if dogs have fleas or rashes. While dog groomers only need a high-school diploma, they need to apprentice and train with an experienced groomer. They can also attend grooming schools. 
 Dog Sitters 
 Salary range for animal care and service workers in 2018:   $23,760 to $38,640 
 Dog sitters look after pets while their owner is away from home, either at work or traveling. A dog sitter will usually be expected to walk, feed and even play with their charges, and keep a dog to its routine. 
 Dog sitting can range from hosting pets in the sitter's own home, to visiting and walking dogs each day, to staying in the owner's house. Dog sitters with more skills or experience may also bathe, groom or even train dogs. 
 If emergencies arise, a dog sitter will be expected to have the animal treated by a vet. Pet Sitters International  offers  certification as a professional pet sitter. 
 Dog Kennel Attendants 
 Salary range for animal care and service workers in 2018:   $23,760 to $38,640 
 Dog kennel attendants are similar to dog sitters in that they take care of dogs while their owners are traveling or away. This job requires a high-school diploma and offers on-the-job training; most employers will seek people with previous experience looking after dogs. Both the Humane Society of the United States and the American Humane Association offer classes for kennel workers. 
 Dog Walkers 
 Salary range for animal care and service workers in 2018:   $23,760 to $38,640 
 A dog walker is similar to a dog sitter, caring for pets when the owners are away or at work. However, dog sitters normally just exercise dogs. They need to be fit, enjoy walking and have good upper body strength, particularly if they walk several dogs at the same time. 
 Dog walkers don't need any experience to start, but owners often prefer to hire walkers who have referrals from other clients or who run a dog walking business.  There are schools for dog walking, such as  The Dog Walking Academy , which can train people in dog handling, canine first aid and other skills. Some states require dog walkers to have a license. 
 Animal Control Worker 
 Salary range for animal control workers in 2018: $23,160 to $58,220 
 This field offers a range of jobs, from dog wardens and dogcatchers, to animal cruelty investigators to animal control officers. Animal control workers require skills in investigation, direct animal care, and public outreach and education. They may respond to calls about injured, lost or abused animals. They also may need to control and restrain animals, investigate pet abuse, give care to a sick or wounded animal, or transport an animal to a shelter or animal hospital. Animal control workers may also have to testify in court about animal abuse. 
 Pet Dog Trainer 
 Salary range for animal trainers in 2018: $20,270 to $55,760 
 Pet trainers don't need any formal education, and usually have on-the-job training by apprenticing or volunteering for an experienced trainer. To be an effective dog trainer, a person needs certain qualities: a calm manner, endless patience and empathy for dogs. 
 Trainers may lead a class for dogs or puppies, train animals one-on-one or work with rescue dogs before re-homing them. The Humane Society of the United States offers classes for dog trainers. 
 Service Dog Trainer 
 Salary range for animal trainers in 2018: $20,270 to $55,760 
 Service dogs are specially trained to assist owners with certain tasks or skills. For example, seeing-eye dogs can direct and lead people with partial- or full-sight disabilities, warning them of obstacles or potential hazards. A  seizure  alert dog is trained to detect the signs of an impending seizure, warn their owner and then assist the person during or after the incident. 
 This type of dog training is specialized and may require more education than a high school diploma, such as a Bachelor's Degree in Animal Science, courses at community colleges or vocational schools, or certification from a professional organization or training program. Many specialized trainers get their start by volunteering or apprenticing with a professional trainer, shelter or obedience school, such as Guide Dogs for the Blind. 
 Veterinarians 
 Salary range for veterinarians in 2018: $56,540 to $162,450 
 A veterinarian is an animal doctor who treats both illness and injuries in animals, and helps them to stay healthy. Their job involves making a diagnosis, prescribing medicines, carrying out surgery, giving vaccinations and advising owners on pet care. While some vets treat a wide range of animals, others choose to specialize in certain ones, such as horse or farm vets, or cats and dogs, or even wildlife. 
 Anyone wanting to become a vet has to first complete a Bachelor's Degree, with a required list of science courses, and then attend a veterinary medicine school for three years. Graduates must then pass the North American Veterinary Licensing Exam before they can practice. While most vets prefer to treat pets in a private clinic, some specialize in large, exotic or zoo animals. 
 Veterinary Assistant 
 Salary range for veterinarian assistants in 2018: $19,950 to $38,890 
 Veterinary assistants help veterinarians with animal care and routine tasks. They are likely to treat a range of animals, not just dogs, but may work for a practice that treats just cats and dogs. 
 Veterinary assistants only need a high school diploma, as most are trained on the job. However, to be considered for a higher salary or to get promotions, veterinary assistants often choose to get certified through a program or vocational school. 
 Veterinary Technician 
 Salary range for veterinary technicians in 2018: $23,490 to $50,010 
 Veterinary technicians work in a veterinary practice and carry out medical testing to help diagnose an animal's injury or illness. Veterinary technicians are also likely to work with a range of animals, but can specialize in cats and dogs. 
 This job requires finishing a two- or four-year college-level program with the American Veterinary Medical Association. Veterinary technicians must then pass an exam and become registered, licensed or certified, depending on which state they want to work in. 
 Dog Breeder 
 Salary range for animal breeders in 2017: $25,590 to $69,130 
 Breeders choose and breed dogs according to bloodlines and certain desired characteristics, such as breed, intelligence or temperament. 
 Being a dog breeder is demanding, as they work to ensure their dogs are fed, cared for and active. Breeders must keep accurate records with health and development data of their dogs. A good breeder ensures they sell dogs only to homes where they will be treated well. Experienced dog breeders can charge top prices for purebred animals. 
 Breeders need to have a high school diploma and learn skills through on-the-job training by apprenticing or volunteering for an experienced breeder. 
 Dog Photographer 
 Salary range for photographers in 2016: $19,110 to $76,220 
 People with a passion for photography and a love for dogs can combine the two to become a dog photographer. Just as with any photography business, it's a good idea to create a niche market to reduce competition. Some dog photography specialties include pet portraits, dog show photography, shelter dog portraits or marketing and advertising shoots. Some photographers sell images to stock photo sites or pet magazines. 
 Numerous online courses teach pet photography, for beginning to intermediate level students. 
 Some photographers run their own studio or work as a mobile photographer. Another possible job is working for a company that makes pet products or food, or for a website or publication that focuses on dogs. 
 Dog Show Handler 
 Salary range for animal care and service workers in 2018:   $23,760 to $38,640 
 Dog show handlers  are  typically freelance contractors who travel around the country showing dogs for private clients at competitive dog shows. Some handlers work with specific breeds, while others may specialize in certain types of dog handling, such as agility trials or obedience. 
 Handlers must be familiar with the protocols for each show. They need to arrange daily exercise, conditioning, grooming and obedience training for their clients' dogs, and ensure that each dog's medical and dietary requirements are fulfilled. Handlers must not only be able to relate well to dogs and understand canine behavior, they also need to be able to relate well to clients, show judges, breeders, other competitors and veterinarians. 
 Animal Massage Therapist 
 Salary range for animal care and service workers in 2018:   $23,760 to $38,640 
 Salary range for massage therapists in 2018:   $21,340 to $78,280 
 Animal massage therapists work mostly with dogs and horses, using massage techniques on muscles and soft tissues. They are trained in animal health, including knowledge of anatomy and physiology. Dog massage can relax muscles, stimulate circulation and help increase range of motion, and improve a dog's physical well being. 
 Animal massage therapists work together with veterinarians and dog owners to evaluate any physical issues a dog may have and come up with a treatment plan. They may work at veterinary practices, kennels, dog grooming salons or pet stores. 
 Therapists in this field need a good working knowledge of dog physiology, as well as animal first aid training. Most therapists take a training program in animal massage. Some states require them to be certified. 
 K9 Unit Police Officer 
 Salary range for police and detectives in 2018:   $36,550 to $106,090 
 K9 officers  are  police who work with a trained police dog as part of their job. K9 officers must complete police academy training and spend one to two years as a patrol officer before they are eligible to apply for a canine unit. 
 K9 officers can expect to work irregular hours, particularly nights and weekends, and be consistently on call, as canine units are in high demand. Common K9 unit tasks are to help search for missing people or find drugs. A K9 officer's dog will stay with the officer both on the job and at home, so the bond is a close one. 
 Having an Associate or Bachelor's Degree (i.e., in criminal justice) is not a job requirement but improves a candidate's chance for getting into a K9 unit. 
 Any Job With a Company That Allows Dogs at Work 
 You might not have to work directly with canines to be able to hang out with your dog at work. A 2019 survey by Rover.com of dog owners found that most ( 75 percent)  said they would be more likely to stay with a company that allowed them to bring their dogs to work. 
 Many  U.S. companies allow employees to bring their pets to work, as well as offering pet stipends or giving time off from work for pet-related issues. Companies such as Amazon, PetSmart, Nestle Purina Petcare, Airbnb, Uber and Salesforce rank among the top dog-friendly companies in the U.S. For instance, Amazon's main office has 6,000 employee dogs registered and provides a dog park at its Seattle campus. 
