Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Senior Structural Engineer - Buildings 
 Stantec 
 __Longueuil, QC 
 Apply Now 
 Want to act in the collective interest? 
 At Stantec, we are at our best when we innovate together, where collective interest, creativity and customer needs come together. We are guided every day by our imagination, ingenuity and a deep understanding of the society around us. 
 We are a global network of 22,000 employees in 400 offices on 6 continents. Founded in Canada, Stantec is today the third largest engineering firm in North America. 
 Here in Quebec, we are a team of 1500 engineers, professionals, designers, project managers and technicians. Our 20 offices can count on strong and committed local leadership. 
 If you are a structural engineer experienced in building design, this is your opportunity to help us build a better society. Working from home and then post-Covid at the Longueuil office (or a combination of both), your main task will be to collaborate with the project team, architects, and clients in the realization of major building projects. 
 Your responsibilities 
 Carry out projects in building structure. 
Perform structural calculations required for the preparation of plans. 
Supervise the preparation of plans, specifications, estimates and other specifications. 
Design of concrete, steel or wood structures. 
Supervise the work of less experienced engineers 
Carry out structural and multidisciplinary project management 
Carry out surveys and inspections of building structures. 
Write technical reports. 
Supervise the execution of structural work during the construction phase. 
Support our junior engineers in the team 
 Your background 
 Bachelor's degree in civil engineering. 
Minimum of 10 years of relevant experience; 
Member of the Ordre des ingénieurs du Québec; 
Good team spirit. 
Dynamic and proactive. 
Bilingual (French and English). 
 What we offer 
 Regular full-time position:  37.5 hrs/week. 
Flexible work schedule. 
Competitive compensation. 
Reimbursement of professional association membership fees. 
Flexible group insurance plan. 
Group RRSP. 
Employee Share Ownership Plan. 
Training and skills development program. 
#LI-QC 
 Job:  Structural Engineer 
 Primary Location:  Canada-Quebec-Longueuil 
 Employee Status:  Regular 
 Job Level:  Individual Contributor 
 Travel:  Yes, 10 % of the Time 
 Schedule:  Full-time 
 Req ID:  200001XB 
 Stantec provides equal employment opportunities to all qualified employees and applicants for future and current employment and prohibit discrimination on the grounds of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, marital status, genetic information, disability, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or gender expression. We prohibit discrimination in decisions concerning recruitment, hiring, referral, promotion, compensation, fringe benefits, job training, terminations or any other condition of employment. Stantec is in compliance with local, state and federal laws and regulations and ensures equitable opportunities in all aspects of employment. EEO including Disability/Protected Veterans 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
