WORK WITH INDIES beta 
 Newsletter 
 Browse Jobs 
 Art & Animation 
 Audio 
 Business & Operations 
 Design 
 Marketing & Community 
 Production 
 Programming 
 QA & CS 
 Writing 
 Post a Job 
 Back to all jobs See allArt & Animationjobs 
 3D Generalist 
 Tender Claws Apply for this Job 
 Posted 
 December 18, 2020 
 Full Time 
 Anywhere 
 Remote 
 We’re looking for a 3D Generalist to come join our team in LA. This position is for an amazing artist who is experienced working on games and able to work across a variety of styles. At Tender Claws, you’ll be responsible for modeling, texturing, animating and optimizing your 3D art. You should be able to bring concept art to life, as well as create your own designs within the game’s art style and technical constraints. VR experience is a plus! We make ambitious, innovative projects quickly and are looking to work with self-directed people who are excited to experiment and help create new things they’ve never seen before. Preference will be given to full-time artists who can eventually join us locally at our office in Los Angeles.  ‍ 
 ‍ 
 RESPONSIBILITIES: 
 
 Design and model environments, props, and characters in the 3D modeling software of your choice 
 Optimize your art assets and integrate them into Unity 
 Collaborate with level designers, programmers, and the production team  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 REQUIREMENTS: 
 
 Comfortable with both low poly stylized and PBR workflows 
 Unity 3D experience 
 Ability to make optimized, game-ready 3D assets with good topology 
 Flexibility and the ability to work independently  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 NICE-TO-HAVES: 
 
 Excited to work across multiple parts of a project 
 Experience working in VR 
 Your own independent game, writing, or art practice 
 Particle and effect design experience 
 Character animation experience 
 Coding skills 
 Likes cats and/or “Cats: The Musical”  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 TO APPLY  , please send an introductory email to  production@tenderclaws.com   ,  containing the following: 
 
 Subject line containing the  title of the job you are applying for  (i.e. 3D Generalist) 
 Your resume, or a summary of relevant experience 
 Links to your portfolio site or other relevant showcase of your work (please specify project roles) 
 
 ‍ 
 OUR LATEST RELEASE - TEMPEST: 
‍ 
For a limited theatrical run, join  Tempest : a one-of-a-kind immersive theatre experience! Travel through time and space to enact an exciting story of love & revenge - with a little magic, of course! 
 Inspired by Shakespeare’s famed tale, join your intrepid guide Prospero in this intimate, interactive performance. In order to bring Prospero to life, the actor must enlist the help of the audience. The line between real and virtual, and truth and fiction, blur as audience members are "cast" as Prospero's spirits to realize an interactive, virtual version of the story. 
 ‍ 
 ‍ 
 ‍  ABOUT US: 
 Tender Claws  is an art/games studio that makes everything from AR fish that feed on your emotions to giant sentient talking sticks of butter. Our first release  PRY  was one of Apple’s top Apps of 2015 and an IGF Finalist. Our first VR game “ Virtual Virtual Reality ” (VVR), a comedy satire where players put on VR headsets in VR, won “Best VR Experience” at the Google Play Awards 2017. Our hybrid VR and immersive theater game “ The Under Presents ” launched in 2019, was an Emmy finalist for “Innovation in Interactive Media” and won “VR Experience of the Year” at the 2020 VR Awards. Most recently, “ Tempest ,” our one-of-a-kind immersive digital theatre experience, was selected as one of LA Times “10 Best Games of 2020.” 
 Apply for this Job 
 related jobs 
 Impossible  is hiring a Environment Artistto join their team into work fromCanadaEnvironment ArtistImpossible  | CanadaLearn More 
 Lazy River is hiring a 3D Animator/Riggerto join their team into work fromAnywhere3D Animator/RiggerLazy River | AnywhereLearn More 
 uvula is hiring a 3D Environment Artistto join their team into work fromAnywhere3D Environment Artistuvula | AnywhereLearn More 
 inkle is hiring a Hand Drawn Animatorto join their team into work fromAnywhereHand Drawn Animatorinkle | AnywhereLearn More 
 KO_OP is hiring a 2D Background Artistto join their team into work fromCanada2D Background ArtistKO_OP | CanadaLearn More 
 Roboto Games is hiring a UI Artist/Generalistto join their team into work fromAnywhereUI Artist/GeneralistRoboto Games | AnywhereLearn More 
 Indie games are wonderful. So are the people that make them. 
 Make wonderful games. Be wonderful people. Work With Indies. 
 Thank you for joining the Work With Indies newsletter! The next issue will arrive on Sunday. 
 Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again. 
 *Sign up to receive a weekly digest of new indie career opportunities. 
 WORK WITH INDIES 
 We’ve been lucky to have some incredible jobs working at and partnering with some of the biggest brands in video games. 
 But we’ve never had more fun and been more fulfilled than when we were working with indie game developers. 
 Everyone in games should have that much fun. 
 Our hope is that Work With Indies will connect job seekers with the most rewarding, most inspirational, and most fun jobs they've ever had. 
 NAVIGATION 
 
 Post a Job 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 RSS 
 Communities 
 Nick's Cat 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 
 nathan@workwithindies.com 
 twitter.com/workwithindies 
 facebook.com/workwithindies 
 
 ^ 
 Made by 
 @natethenate 
 and 
 @nsuttner 
 for people who 
 indie games. 
 © 2021  A Lot of Happy LLC 
