Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Associate Pastor / Worship Leader (Wasag Beach On.) 
 Wasaga Community Church 
 __Canada 
 Apply Now 
 Located in Wasaga Beach On. Position: Part Time – 20-30 hours per week 
 This Position Reports to: The Lead Pastor (Dr. John Hamilton) & the Church Board 
 This position is available  immediately 
 Requirements: 
 We are looking for someone who: 
 
 
 
 Is willing to work Bi-vocationally. 
 
 
 Has a heart for Jesus, and is passionate about the Lord’s call through worship, prayer, preaching, investing spiritually in the congregation and surrounding community, etc. 
 
 
 Values community and has a passion for not only teaching but leading in worship. 
 
 
 Able to work cooperatively with worship team members. 
 
 
 Willing to be mentored, learn from, and support the lead pastor 
 
 
 Will attend board meetings (usually monthly) 
 
 
 Plays an instrument and can play while leading worship (would be an asset) 
 
 
 Has Education in ministry, either completed or currently completing. 
 
 
 Wants to live in a vibrant and growing smaller town. 
 
 
 Current population is 23,000 persons 
 
 
 Located 140 km. north of Toronto on Georgian Bay & the Nottawasaga river. 
 
 
 Is one of Ontario's most beautiful "4 Season" vacation destinations 
 
 
 Has "The World’s Longest Fresh Water Beach." (  14 km. long lots of public access  ) 
 
 
 Close to Skiing (Blue Mountain about 30 minutes away) 
 
 
 4,500 plus acres of Provincial park lands  (right in the heart of town.) 
 
 
 There is the potential for full time hours and or promotion to the position "lead pastor" in the future 
 There is the potential for full time hours and or promotion to the position "lead pastor" in the future 
 We sincerely thank everyone for your time and consideration in applying for this position, however, only those being considered will be contacted. 
 Reference ID: 2020-01-01 
 Job Types: Part-time, Internship, Permanent 
 Education: 
 
 Bachelor's Degree (Preferred) 
 
 Location: 
 
 canada (Preferred) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
