Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Customer Care Coordinator 
 Mattamy Homes 
 __Milton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
Milton, Ontario 
 Department: 
 Employment Type: 
Customer Care, GTW 
 Full-Time 
 Reports to: 
Customer Care Manager 
 Who We Are 
 Mattamy Homes is the largest privately owned homebuilder in North America, with 40-plus years of history across the United States and Canada. Every year, Mattamy helps more than 8,000 families realize their dream of home ownership. In Canada, our communities stretch across the Greater Toronto Area, as well as in Ottawa, Calgary and Edmonton. 
 What We Offer 
 The Customer Care Coordinator acts as the on-going point of contact at Mattamy for homeowners, from post-purchase through to post-warranty periods. The successful candidate will act as a liaison to direct homeowner inquiries and concerns to the appropriate internal individuals/departments or outside agencies. The Customer Care Coordinator follows up on homeowner inquiries by providing prompt, complete, and accurate responses, and acts as an advocate for the homeowner in coordinating customer care activities together with all internal departments to ensure The Best Homeowner Experience is delivered at each opportunity. 
 Responsibilities 
 Fields, documents and researches homeowner telephone calls/emails/faxes/letters and responds to homeowner concerns and inquiries within our Service Standards. 
Keep homeowners informed on the status of their home by completing ongoing Touchpoints at designated times. 
Acts as liaison between homeowner and all departments; providing follow-ups and advising of outcome. 
Schedule, plan and participate in homeowner information sessions (“Mattamy University”), including conducting presentations to homeowners. 
Schedule Pre-Construction Meetings and Framewalk Appointments and follow up to inquire about the experience. 
Work closely with the Construction Department to issue short term delay notices and delay notices with compensation. 
Organize and maintain Head Office purchaser files and all filing for designated communities. 
Provide homeowners with an escalated avenue for complaint resolution, ensuring appropriate managers are aware of concerns or trends. 
Follow up, maintain, and inform appropriate individuals at Head Office and Warranty Service Managers of all Tarion correspondence. 
Prepare and distribute construction notices to homeowners, including curbs & sidewalks, driveway paving, sod installation, top asphalt, and the like. 
Prepare and distribute educational materials to homeowners, including Homeowner Information Sheets, and updating the Service Centre website. 
Prepare and print PDI packages. 
Create and distribute quarterly Community Newsletters. 
 What You Bring 
 University or College graduate with a minimum of 2 years extensive experience in a Customer Service role. 
Demonstrated interpersonal/customer service skills. 
Ability to deal professionally and effectively with the public/homeowners. 
Ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment. 
Competency with public speaking and conducting presentations to large groups. 
Exceptional communication skills including excellent research, written, oral, listening and public-speaking skills. 
Well-organized, confident individual with the ability to prioritize work, meet deadlines, and work in a fast-paced environment. 
Self-starter, ability to obtain complete and accurate resolutions from company or industry resources. 
Working knowledge of internet, Microsoft Office Word, Outlook, PowerPoint and Excel. 
Ability to build and maintain relationships internally and externally. 
Ability to work both independently and in a collaborative team environment. 
 Why Mattamy 
 When you’re part of the Mattamy family, your day to day work has an incredible impact. What we do takes teamwork, and everyone pulls together to give our very best. With a focus on continued growth and industry leadership, exciting career possibilities are waiting for you at Mattamy. Based on the culture we pride ourselves on, we’ve been recognized with external awards as well. Some of our most recent recognition includes: 
 Canada’s Best Managed Companies for 2020 
Canada’s Top 100 Employers for 2020 & 2019 
Greater Toronto’s Top Employers for 2021, 2020 & 2019 
Canada’s 10 Most Admired Corporate Cultures for 2017 
 At Mattamy, we’re passionate about creating and promoting a diverse and inclusive environment where everyone can do their best work. Diversity and inclusion are important aspects of the work we do to support our homebuyers, colleagues and communities. We offer a workplace that allows our employees to experience exciting possibilities in their career including continuous learning, opportunity for growth, competitive compensation and a comprehensive benefits package. 
 We have big plans for our business and our team. Be part of our ambitious future! 
 Mattamy Homes is committed to providing accommodation for people with disabilities. If you require accommodation through any aspects of the selection process, please notify us and we will work with you to meet your needs. 
 Qualified applicants will be contacted directly by the Talent Acquisition team. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
