
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to primary sidebar 
 Skip to footer 
 
 These 10 Industries Hire The Most Remote Workers.  FREE Guide. Close Top Banner 
 Additional menu 
 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Work From Home Happiness 
 Actionable Advice from Ashlee Anderson 
 
 Career Coaching 
 
 30-Minute Career Q & A 
 60-Minute Career Clarity & Direction 
 Resume Writing 
 The Effortless Remote Job Search 
 
 
 Career Paths
 
 Bookkeeper 
 Content Marketer 
 Medical Billing & Coding 
 Medical Transcription & Editing 
 Proofreader 
 Transcription 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Writer 
 
 
 Resources 
 Now Hiring 
 Blog 
 About 
 
 Newsletter Sign Up 
 Get In Touch 
 Disclosure Statement 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Start Here. 
 
 Why You Should Spend Less Time on Your Remote Job Search (and What to Focus on Instead) 
 December 1, 2020 by  Ashlee Anderson   Leave a Comment 
 __Tweet 5 
 __Pin 12 
  __Share 103 
  __Share 
 120 Shares 
 You might be surprised to hear that the first thing I tell my coaching clients is this: Quit spending too much time searching for remote jobs. 
 But, it's true. An important piece of advice I give to everyone I work with involves spending less time on the search part of their remote job search. 
 Many people are confused by this. After all, job seekers are often told "looking for a job is a full time job." 
 Honestly, this is only partially true. You see, dear job seeker, there are a lot of activities that go into a job search. Yes, searching for job leads is part of it. But that's just a small sliver of a job search. 
 3 Other Important Parts of a Remote Job Search 
 1. LinkedIn Networking 
 LinkedIn is a critical part of your job search, but not a lot of remote job seekers spend their time here. However, it's a good idea to take time away from finding job leads and using it instead on LinkedIn. 
 Why? Because a lot of connections and hiring decisions are made on LinkedIn. Let's check out these  impressive LinkedIn stats : 
 
 87% of recruiters use LinkedIn 
 20 million job openings posted on LinkedIn 
 122 million people got a job interview through LinkedIn 
 
 Impressive, right? Needless to say, you need to spend more time on LinkedIn. Period. It all starts with your profile. Of course, you can't just have a generic LinkedIn profile. Instead, you need to  craft a powerful LinkedIn profile that leads to interviews . To do this well, it will take some time. 
 Plus, it's a good idea to be active on LinkedIn. It's one thing to write an amazing profile. It's another to be engaged, active, and create meaningful connections. This can be done by sharing, posting, commenting, and participating in groups. You can even follow  remote-friendly companies  to be the first to know when they are hiring. 
 The more time you spend on LinkedIn, the greater your chances of remote job search success. You're never more than a connection away from your next interview. 
 2. Perfect Your Personal Brand 
 Today, more than ever, it's important to spend time on your personal brand. This is especially true for remote job seekers, like you. 
 Your personal brand is essentially the professional persona you project online. A well crafted personal brand make you a no-brainer hire for a position. A bland personal brand allows recruiters to pass you over for interviews. 
 Don't forget, as a remote job seeker, you won't get to make an in-person impression. Remember, the entire application process from hiring to interview to onboarding is done virtually. That means recruiters and hiring managers will turn to good old Google to develop their own impression of you. Don't let it be the wrong impression. 
 An estimated  77% of companies will google you  before they invite you to interview. And Google will show them everything they can possibly find on you including, but not limited to: 
 
 Facebook Profile 
 Blog Posts 
 Instagram Profile 
 Twitter Profile 
 News Mentions 
 
 Essentially, anywhere your name shows up online will come up when someone (including employers) google you. Potential employers will use what Google gives them to form an impression on you. And this can make or break your chance of getting an interview (or job). 
 So, instead of spending all your time job searching, hop online and clean up your personal brand. Make your Facebook profile private if you don't want recruiters to see what you share here. Delete politically-charged tweets that might make you look aggressive. Go the extra mile and  create your own personal brand website . 
 Making your own website takes back your online presence and gives you greater control over what Google decides to show about you. That's because a website with your name as the domain (i.e., yourname.com) is likely to rank higher on Google searches than anything else. 
 All of these personal brand job search tasks provide greater return on time investment than scouring job boards for hours on end. 
 3. Optimize Your Resume 
 Writing my resume is fun, said no one ever. And it's even less fun when I tell job seekers that not only do they have to write their resume once, but re-write it for every single job they apply for. 
 At first, this is time consuming. But, trust me, it is time well spent. That's because the majority of remote job listings are posted with an Applicant Tracking System (ATS). ATS is a special type of software companies use to make hiring easier. 
 That means when you upload your resume to apply for a job, it's being scanned by ATS to determine whether you're a good fit for the position. If so, great! Your resume is passed on to a real person. If not, then your resume is placed in limbo, and you never get an interview or a rejection letter. Being in resume limbo is the worst because you never know one way or another what happened with your application. 
 The best way to avoid resume limbo is to keyword optimize your resume. This means taking hard skills from the job ad and placing them in your resume. It takes a few extra minutes to do, but it pays off -- big time. Now when you submit your resume, the ATS sees you have the hard skills from the job and instantly places you in the "yes" pile, exactly where you want to end up. 
 Spend less time tracking down and verifying job leads and more time optimizing your resume. In the world of remote jobs, it's all about quality over quantity. That is, it's infinitely better to apply to fewer positions with an optimized resume than to mass apply to many positions with the same resume. 
 How To Spend Less Time Searching in Your Job Search 
 It's easy to get caught up in the searching part of your job search. After all, you can't apply to jobs if you don't find them, right? 
 That's true. But even still, you don't have to spend too much time on job boards seeking out remote jobs. 
 Automate Your The Search 
 Instead, automate your search as much as possible. The best way to do that is to sign up for job alerts. 
 Job alerts can be scheduled daily. That means once a day, you'll have all the newest remote job leads delivered to your inbox. It's much quicker to glance through an email than to scroll through a job board site. 
 Use Remote Job Boards 
 It's also a good idea to stay off the big-name job boards like Indeed or Monster. Sure you can find remote job leads there. But there's also a TON of non-remote jobs in the mix too. Avoid sifting through these by sticking to  remote-focused job boards . That way you know every lead coming your way is actually remote. 
 Take Advantage of Hand Curated Sites 
 Another major time suck of remote job searches is determining whether something is legit or a scam. Save time by searching job boards that hand pick their leads like  FlexJobs . These job boards do the hard work for you and ensure each and every listing is the real deal. 
 The Effortless Remote Job Search 
 To help remote job seekers make the most of their time, I've created The Effortless Remote Job Search. 
 In this crash course you'll learn where to quickly find real remote jobs, how to save time, and best practices for avoiding scams. 
 Bonus content includes: 
 
 LinkedIn Profile Checklist 
 List of Hundreds of Remote-Friendly Companies 
 Job Search Tracker 
 Now Hiring Spreadsheet 
 Scam-Guard Checklist 
 
 Ready to make your remote job search as easy as possible?  Sign up for The Effortless Remote Job Search Today for just $27 . 
 It's never been easier to find real, scam-free remote job leads. 
 Enroll Today for Just $27 
 Have questions? Hit me with them in the comments below! You can also  email me . I answer every one! 
 Happily, 
 Ashlee 
 P.S. This post might contain affiliate links. Check out  my disclosure statement  to learn more. 
 __Tweet 5 
 __Pin 12 
  __Share 103 
  __Share 
 120 Shares 
 Filed Under:  Find A Remote Job ,  Online Job Search 
 About Ashlee Anderson 
 Ashlee Anderson is a Certified Professional Career Coach (CPCC) specializing in remote work. She's on a mission to help job seekers ditch their daily commute in favor of telecommuting. 
 Reader Interactions 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. 
 Comment 
 Name 
 Email 
 Website 
 Primary Sidebar 
 Hi. I'm Ashlee. 
 Ashlee Anderson is a Certified Professional Career Coach (CPCC) specializing in remote work. She's on a mission to help job seekers ditch their daily commute in favor of telecommuting.  Read More… 
 
 
 
 
 Work with Me 
 
 Browse Around 
 Search this website 
 Footer 
 Search this website 
 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 (C) 2021 *  Work From Home Happiness  *  Privacy Policy 
