Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Retail Seasonal Sales Clerk - Barrie - Bayfield 
 M&M Food Market 
 __Barrie, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Helping customers make real food for real life. 
 Our Retail Seasonal Sales Clerks, also know as  Meal Advisors  are the face of M&M Food Market. Their work goes beyond suggesting meal ideas, to interacting with customers and creating meaningful connections with each person who visits the store. They have the ability and the drive to help customers and make a positive difference in their day. 
 At this time, we are seeking a part time Seasonal Meal Advisor for our  Barrie - Bayfield  store. 
 If you have a  passion for food  , can deliver exceptional service and are willing to learn about our incredible line up of delicious meal and entertaining ideas, we’d love to hear from you! We offer competitive wages, a welcoming work environment and flexible hours that allow you to balance your personal and professional needs. To learn more about M&M Food Market, we invite you to visit by  www.mmfoodmarket.com . 
 THE POSITION: 
Reporting to the Store Manager, the  Meal Advisor  exhibits positive energy, provides knowledgeable customer service, and ensures a welcoming environment is presented to customers at all times. They are also responsible for receiving and organizing inventory, preparing products for customer sampling and light cleaning. 
 THE PERSON: 
· An enthusiastic and social individual who enjoys meeting and speaking with new people Likes food, knows food, and cooks food! 
 · Is motivated and willing to learn about M&M Food Market products and customers 
 · Will take our consumer promise of ‘helping’ to heart, and build a friendly, professional rapport with every customer they meet 
 · Takes a genuine interest in creating a delightful, one-of-a-kind in-store experience 
 · Is hard-working, reliable and has dependable transportation to work 
 THE SKILLS: 
 · Excellent interpersonal and communication skills, including appropriate telephone etiquette 
 · Previous retail experience and experience operating a POS system 
 · Knowledge of Windows-based computer programs 
 · Ability to lift boxes weighing up to 40 pounds 
 · Can stand for extended periods of time and work within a freezer environment 
 If this opportunity sounds like a fit with your personality, interests, and skills, please apply now. We thank all applicants for their interest in this opportunity, however only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 M &M Food Market is committed to providing accommodations for applicants with disabilities. Accommodations are available upon request for candidates taking part in the selection process. 
 Part-time hours: 15-20 per week 
 Job Types: Part-time, Temporary 
 Salary: From $14.25 per hour 
 Schedule: 
 
 Holidays 
 Monday to Friday 
 Weekends 
 
 Experience: 
 
 retail store: 1 year (Required) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
