  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Testing Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance Testing Expert ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/en/hire/testing) 
 3 weeks ago 
 Looking for a Qa/Software Tester (with past experience) for a Websi... 
 Published: 3 weeks ago  Bids: 3 
 We're developing a confidential website application for computer and mobile. The theme of the website is centered around Traveling and Social Media. The objective is to achieve a bug free and UX friendly website. 
We need someone with the experience of testing given scenarios on computer, and is also capable of creating their own scenarios from a user's perspective. You should be able to document your work in a report and submit the issues according to the format required by us. You should also be familiar with task management apps such as Trello or Jira. 
 You should have the basic knowledge of the commonly used social media applications and should be able to communicate and write in English fluently. You will need to dedicate 8 hours a day, 6 days a week. 
 Once you pass the interview, we'll have you sign an NDA document and then train you on the website. We won't be paying for the hours trained. If training output is favorable, we will then form a contract with you in the coming month. 
 If you have any other questions, you could ask them in your proposal or during the interview. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Large 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  Z. I. Saudi Arabia 
 USD 250 - 500 
 2 months ago 
 Easy beta-testing for game-apps 
 Published: 2 months ago  Bids: 1 
 I want you to conduct quick-1 minute beta-testing of game apps which I will provide to you. 
This time the budget is 10USD for 20 apps as total（1 minute testing for each so total 20 minutes）. 
 You need 
1. Windows PC 
2. Google Play account（United States account or Japanese account. 
Please manage it by yourself.） 
3. Internet connection 
 You will test games 1 minute and check if it works without problem and take screenshot as proof. 
 This task is so easy and exciting if you love games. 
After completing 20 games and you want to continue, then I will provide you more games to test. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Small 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : Not applicable 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  T. Japan 
 Less than USD 50 
 4 months ago 
 Qa Tester  prime client 
 Published: 4 months ago  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 5 
 Please don't apply if you are not fluent in Spanish language. We only consider Fluent Spanish Speakers. 
 ----- 
Sirena is the one and only WhatsApp CRM. We develop technology that simplifies sales communications. We help businesses communicate better with their customers in order to improve their sales. 
 We are one of the fastest-growing Startups in Latinamerica. 
 -------------------------------- 
Required Skills and Knowledge: 
-------------------------------- 
 Analyze the requirements of the end user to define and document the test plans. 
 - Execute test cases, debug, detect errors and / or possible improvements, document them and follow up to solve them. 
 - Generate reports of test results and errors detected. 
 - Define priorities and plan tests of system requirements. 
 - Document the functionalities of the systems. 
 Knowledge of design patterns, scalable architectures and high performance interfaces (ex: RecyclerView using multiple views, custom view, etc) 
Proactivity (we don't want to spend time pushing people) 
Amazing remote communication skills 
 -------------------------------------------------- 
What I am going to provide (input) 
-------------------------------------------------- 
 Full access to our codebase. 
Access to Slack to communicate with our team. 
 ------------------------------ 
How To Quote 
------------------------------ 
 For your quote to be considered please include in your proposal: 
 
 
 Why are you a great fit for this job? 
 
 
 Please describe 2 past projects that are similar to this. 
What were you hired to do? What did you achieve? How did you know you were successful? 
 
 
 Please confirm you understand we always use Workana to pay our team. And that you MUST use Toggl to track your time. 
 
 
 NO manual logging will be accepted. 
 
 
 Your hourly rate so we know how much it will cost us to keep working with you. 
 
 
 Your preferred time frame where you usually be always available (this helps us a lot with the internal team communication): 
10:00 to 14:00 (gmt-3) 
14:00 to 18:00 (gmt-3) 
 
 
 what is your experience as a developer? describe some tasks you’ve done in the past. 
 
 
 In the first phrase of your proposal/quote include the word "IAMAWESOME" so I know that you've read our specs. 
 IMPORTANT: If you don't include all of the above points, then we won't consider your quotation. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : Full time 
 API Integrations  : Other (Other APIs) 
 Roles needed  : Business analyst 
 Published by:  E. S. Last reply: 4 months ago  United States Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 20 - 30 / hour 
 6 months ago 
 Mobile App Qa Tester 
 Published: 6 months ago  Bids: 3 
 We're a mobile app built in React Native. It's available for Android and iOS. 
We are looking for a freelance interested in building a long-term relationship with our small team. 
 Your task: 
- Design test scenarios and cases. 
- Manual testing in Android and iOS. 
- Document results and report bugs. 
 - Being REALLY clear and organised with the communication and with your work. 
 Requirements: 
- Previous experience in QA & testing mobile apps. 
- Own physical devices (iPod/iPhone, Mac and Android phone). 
- Located in Argentina is a nice to have. 
 - Basic programming knowledge. 
- Good sense of ux/ui. 
 At the beginning we expect only around 5-10 hours/week. 
 Questions for you: 
1- Please tell us your previous experience with QA/testing mobile apps. 
2- Please tell us what physical devices do you own. 
3- Please sign download our app (search "Pura Mente" on stores) and provide a simple report with your suggestions and/or bugs. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Small 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : Not applicable 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  M. B. Argentina 
 USD 50 - 100 
 7 months ago 
 Copy of Marketing research of mobile advertising 
 Published: 7 months ago  Deadline: 5 Bids: 2 
 To participate in the marketing research of mobile advertising, you must 
- install app 
- see the advertising (banner or video) 
- take a screenshot of the advertising 
- upload to google drive (to the special link) 
We pay 2$ for 50 ad views per day 
IMPORTANT! 
- Upload the screenshot of the advertisement immediately after it was done 
- Do not close the application from the background (standby mode) 
- Do not open the application during the second and subsequent cycles, wait for the automatic opening. 
The detailed instruction is in the attachment. 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Small 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  M. Russian Federation 
 Less than USD 50 
 9 months ago 
 Atm code testing (Java) 
 Published: 9 months ago  Bids: 2 
 We are about to produce an application similar to ATM machine functionalities so what do we need to have an idea about how to test it , what you have to do is to get an ATM machine code (should be java) from internet and to do certain software testings and then submit the source code , testing code and the used tool with screenshots and test report 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Small change or bug 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have an idea 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  Y. S. Last reply: 9 months ago  Saudi Arabia 
 Open 
 10 months ago 
 Senior Load Test Engineer 
 Published: 10 months ago  Bids: 0 
 We are looking for a Senior Load Test Engineer to work from home for a challenging project in the US. You will be joining the team of a distributed company in the health, wellness and fitness industry, focused on using the science of behavior change to help people live healthier, happier lives. 
 By joining our team, you will participate in different projects, building and executing test cases, monitoring performance and analyzing test results, and maintaining performance testing applications and datasets. 
 The successful candidate will also collaborate and communicate remotely with different cross-functional teams of other Engineers, Product Owners and business stakeholders to improve the performance of the applications, using agile methodologies. 
 This is a remote, full-time position with a 40-hours workload per week for Latin America only. 
 Requirements 
5+ years of professional experience in an engineering role 
2+ years of work experience in load testing 
Proficiency with standard performance testing and automation tools 
Strong written and verbal communication skills 
Excellent problem solving and analytical skills 
A trustworthy, goal-oriented team player with organizational and time-management skills 
Capable of collaborating and communicate efficiently with a distributed team 
 Desired Skills 
Understanding of NeoLoad 
Knowledge of C# 
Git (Gitflow experience ideal) 
Experience working with agile methodologies 
Experience working in remote teams 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Large 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  A. O. Argentina 
 Over USD 3,000 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
