Skip to content 
 
 Welcome to Your Resume Support Blog….. 
 Can't Say It? Let Me Write It For YOU! Job-Winning Resumes 
 Author: You Resume Support Blog 
 20 Places to Find a GOOD Job 
 Posted on  October 4, 2020  by  You Resume Support Blog 
   
 Where should you look for jobs? Don't know. Well, take a look and see at least 20 or more places to look….. 
 No matter if you will wear a suit or a hard hat to work, look for the job that appeals to you. Focus on finding jobs where you can use your skills, talents, and competencies to help companies meet their goals. 
 
 CareerBuilder.com 
 Dice 
 Diversity Working 
 Geebo 
 GoJobs 
 iHispano.com 
 Job.com 
 JobTarget 
 Local Careers 
 Nexxt 
 Resumes2Work 
 Snag a Job.com 
 ZipRecruiter 
 AbsolutelyHealthCare 
 ComputerJobs 
 Diversity Jobs 
 Glassdoor Jobs 
 HealthcareSource.com 
 Hospital Jobs Online 
 Indeed 
 Jobvertise 
 Jobs2Careers 
 LinkedIn Jobs 
 Monster 
 RegionalHelpWanted 
 Salesjobs 
 
 Need to learn something new today? Well, take a look and see a few places to learn something …… 
 1.  Alison.com 
 2.  Coursera 
 3.  Khan Academy 
 4.  OpenCourseWare Consortium 
 5.  MIT Open Courseware 
 6.  Academic Earth 
 7.  Open Learning Institute 
 8.  Open Culture 
 9.  Open Education Database 
 10.  TED talks 
 Learning is a life-long venture. Enjoy the process. Focus on finding jobs that appeal to you. Structure a plan of attack to enter or re-enter the marketplace, helping companies in exciting ways and supporting the industry. Don't focus on just taking any ole job. 
 Let Me   Offers consulting, research, writing, and coaching services to help you with either of your pursuits. Let me know what jobs appeal to you? Did you learn something new this week? Share that with me too! 
 About the author 
 Let Me Write It For You  offers coaching and writing services to motivated career changers and small businesses.  Debra Ann Matthews  , a Forbes Coaches Council, Career Thought Leaders, and National Resume Writers Association (Past Board) member, loves to cheer on and champion women, girls, teens, and youth to put their best talents forward in writing. She has trained, taught, and presented to various audiences nationwide, facilitating enthusiastically that YES, we can help you to achieve that goal—be it land an interview, a job, join a membership, or solicit services or fundraising. She is delighted to have written over 100 articles on resumes, job search, career communications, professional development, English/Grammar/Technical Writing, and Public Speaking. Her  feature articles  include MODERNIZE YOUR JOB SEARCH LETTERS: Get Noticed … Get Hired, Nashville/Clarksville Career Examiner, Local Job Network, Ezine Articles, Black Career Women's Network, Career Builder, Canada's Calgary Sun, Channel 5 NBC Chicago, Jennings Wire: The World of Success, 3 Ladies on the Radio, Monster Working, Money Mix, Liberty Voice, Online College.org, and Monster dot com Latina. 
 #jobwinningresume #careercoaching #military #spouse #coverletters #interviewcoaching #mentors #jobs 
 This young lady enjoys working with her hands. 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  Uncategorized Tagged  coverletters ,  covid19jobs ,  jobwinningresumes ,  military to civilian jobs ,  spouse ,  youth employment Leave a comment 
 Veteran Celebrates 1 Year Success of 1st African Market in Military Community #Entrepreneurship is our future covid19 job 
 Posted on  July 20, 2020July 20, 2020  by  You Resume Support Blog 
   
 Mr. Adolph Agbeko Yao Dagan and his wife Kafui 
 Mr. Adolph Agbeko Yao Dagan and his wife Kafui wanted to open up an international market after his military career in 2009. Dagan, as he is called by his fellow veterans, hails from Daganhoé in Togo, West Africa, a name that means Dagantown. Dagan African Market celebrates its first year in operation on July 20, 2020, the day of his birth. Looking back over the year long journey, the family celebrate and acknowledge their long hard journey to offer their 1000 square foot facility to customers who have traveled more than 500 miles from as far as Alabama, Kentucky, and all parts Missouri and Illinois to frequent their establishment offering authentic foods, clothing, beauty products, artwork, and other great finds from the people of the Caribbean, Africa, and other international favorites. 
 Trained as a high school French teacher, the family saved thousands of dollars from 2009 to 2019 to start a business in the heart of a thriving community populated with active duty military and their families as well as retired Veterans. Dagan and his family worked hard in order to prepare to take ownership of a premier African market that fulfilled the needs and expectations for the community of more than 250,000 resident in the Fort Campbell, Kentucky, Clarksville, Tennessee community. And all of the struggle turned out to be worth it as his company,  Dagan  African Market , became the first African market in the city. One of the challenges in a military town is that many can open businesses, not many can maintain a revenue generating establishment. 
 Located on Fort Campbell Boulevard in Clarksville, Tennessee, Dagan Market offers online delivery. 
 Truthfully, as Dagan continues to climb up the ladder of success, he and his family fully expect to become millionaires within 10 years. As they plan to open up a restaurant and increase their inventory. He and his wife and their children are also looking to incorporate an online store and even a direct custom order service for drums, wood pieces, and other original organic African artifacts. 
 With the families good reputation and dedication to customer service, Dagan and his family  caught the attention of people who said, “These are a good family“. The family hopes to become the largest African and International Store in the Tennessee and Kentucky area. They are passionate about serving patrons and veterans from the islands, Africa, the Caribbean, Spanish and European nations. Dagan says if you want to succeed, you have to work very hard. 
 As a poor citizen of Togo, West Africa, Kafui and Adolph treasure their homeland and support a church and school in their village of Dagan and Togo. They also collect school supplies, medical supplies, and clothes to send back to Africa and plan to establish a hospital and additional schools once their business hits the one-million-dollar revenue mark. 
 To get the best African artifacts around connect with Dagan African Market at  www.dagaafricanmarket.com . 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  Business Model ,  Business Owner ,  customer service ,  entrepreneur ,  Military Vets ,  Uncategorized Tagged  #Business ,  #Covid19Jobs ,  Entrepreneurship ,  Family Business Leave a comment 
 Middle Tennessee Woman Receives $5000 to Help in Covid 19 Crisis by Sara Blakely Foundation 
 Posted on  July 7, 2020  by  You Resume Support Blog 
   
 Let Me Write It For You   Selected by Global Giving As Red Backpack Fund Recipient, Receives $5,000 Grant From The Spanx by Sara Blakely Foundation To Combat COVID-19 Crisis 
 July 7, 2020  — Global Giving announced today that Let Me Write It For You has been selected to receive a $5,000 COVID-19 relief and recovery grant from The Red Backpack Fund, an opportunity for small businesses and nonprofits made possible by The Spanx by Sara Blakely Foundation. 
 “My hope is that this gift will help alleviate some of the pressures caused by this horrible pandemic. Twenty years ago, I started Spanx with $5,000 in savings, and I see this as a time to pay it forward. Small business is the backbone of our culture. I know what it’s like to be a small business owner, and I want to provide some relief to these entrepreneurs during this time,” said Spanx Founder Sara Blakely. 
 The Spanx by Sara Blakely Foundation donated $5 million to support female entrepreneurs in the wake of COVID-19 and teamed up with Global Giving to establish The Red Backpack Fund. 
 Thousands of business owners and nonprofit founders from across the United States and its territories applied to receive a grant from The Red Backpack Fund to combat economic hardship caused by COVID-19. Let Me Write It For You was selected for the grant based on its outstanding application, its urgent need for COVID-19 relief, and its demonstrated capacity to overcome COVID-19 setbacks. 
 GlobalGiving, a 501(c)(3) organization with nearly two decades of grantmaking experience, will award grants to at least 1,000 women entrepreneurs from now through September 2020 through The Red Backpack Fund. GlobalGiving has assembled a 100% women-led team to lead the grantee selection process. The team includes grant specialists, social workers, female entrepreneurs, analysts, and monitoring and evaluation experts. 
 "We're proud to announce the grantees of The Red Backpack Fund. They have successfully undergone GlobalGiving’s rigorous vetting process, and we believe this grant will help them continue to thrive, despite the shifting economic circumstances brought on by this crisis," said GlobalGiving CEO Alix Guerrier. "The world needs more women-led organizations who are a key force in overcoming COVID-19 and establishing a better normal." 
 Learn more about The Red Backpack Fund at  www.globalgiving.org/redbackpackfund . 
 About Let Me Write It For You 
Let Me Write It For You offers coaching and writing services to motivated career changers and small businesses. Debra Ann Matthews, a Forbes Coaches Council, Career Thought Leaders, and National Resume Writers Association (Past Board) member absolutely loves to cheer on and champion women, girls, teens, and youth to put their best talents forward in writing. She has trained, taught, and presented to various audiences nationwide facilitating enthusiastically that YES, we can help you to achieve that goal—be it land an interview, a job, join a membership, or solicit services or fundraise. She is delighted to have written over 100 articles on resumes, job search, career communications, professional development, English/Grammar/Technical Writing, and Public Speaking. Her feature articles include MODERNIZE YOUR JOB SEARCH LETTERS: Get Noticed … Get Hired, Nashville/Clarksville Career Examiner, Local Job Network, Ezine Articles, Black Career Women's Network, Career Builder, Canada's Calgary Sun, Channel 5 NBC Chicago, Jennings Wire: The World of Success, 3 Ladies on the Radio, Monster Working, Money Mix, Liberty Voice, Online College.org, and Monster dot come Latina. 
 Linda Jones Malonson serves as the Chief Financial Advisor, and consults also advises Let Me Write it For You in all phases of business structure, bookkeeping, and professional image and branding. 
 About The Spanx by Sara Blakely Foundation 
Since its inception in 2006, the Spanx by Sara Blakely Foundation has donated millions to charities around the world, focusing on charities that empower underserved women and girls. In 2013, Sara Blakely became the first self-made, female billionaire to sign the Giving Pledge, created by Bill and Melinda Gates and Warren Buffett, promising to give at least half her wealth to charity. In 2020, Sara and the Spanx by Sara Blakely Foundation launched the Red Backpack Fund in partnership with GlobalGiving. Back by Sara Blakely, the $5 million fund supports the recovery and revitalization of female-owned businesses in the U.S. impacted by the coronavirus crisis. While many of the world’s resources are being depleted, one is waiting to be unleashed: Women. The Spanx by Sara Blakely Foundation is on a mission to support women and help them SOAR through education, entrepreneurship and the arts. Learn more at  www.spanxfoundation.com . 
 About GlobalGiving 
GlobalGiving is a 501(c)(3) registered nonprofit that makes it safe and easy to support important causes around the world. When a crisis like the COVID-19 pandemic strikes, GlobalGiving quickly delivers funds to vetted organizations that are best-suited to lead immediate and long-term relief and recovery. As part of its mission to accelerate community-led change, GlobalGiving provides tools, training, and support to help nonprofits, donors, and companies increase their impact and make the world a better place. Learn more at  www.globalgiving.org . 
 
 Media Contact: 
Debra Ann Matthews, Let Me Write It For You letmewriteitforyou@gmail.com 
 #Sara Blakely # Spanx #Covid19 #Globalgiving #Redbackpackfund #SmallBusinessOwner #nonprofit #forprofit #grant #femalentrepreneurs #economiccircumstances #GlobalGiving #AlexGuerrier #LetMeWriteItForYou #SaraBlakely #Spanx #Jobs #Coaching #Interviewing 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  Uncategorized Tagged  Covid19 ,  GlobalGiving ,  Redbackpackfund ,  SaraBlakelyFoundation Leave a comment 
 Resume Training: You Got That Right ! 
 Posted on  June 15, 2020June 15, 2020  by  You Resume Support Blog 
   
 ⇜ ⇝ You got that right! I bet that you think that you know not so much about writing a resume.  You got that right.  Let me help you get started… Think about your job, you accomplishments, and the things that you get right at work… Now place those things in front of any of these action words…. 
 Now watch how you will surprise yourself…. 1, 2, 3, Ready, Let's Go…. 
 Manage/Managed… 
 Administer… 
 Supervise… 
 Lead… 
 Direct… 
 Achieved…Mastered/Master… 
 Accomplished/Accomplish…Controlled…Can be counted on to… 
 Succeeded/Succeed…Be Able to…Bring about…Coped by … 
 Failed…Done…Survived…Get By…Make Do…Muddle Through 
 Ran…Run…Oversaw…Overseen…Operated…Governed…Handled 
 See how great you are already? Now who would not want you to be a part of the team? Let us help you paint a picture of how you and your colleagues, subordinates, and vendors work together to win! 
 JOIN me in my 1st Live Training ….. DM to get signed up! 
 ⇜ ⇝ I invite you join me in my first Live training. You are invited. Come learn why resumes exist in the 1st place. Then let's go over 7 Quick ways that strategies are used on job-winning resumes. Not only will you get 7 of the Best resume tips to transform your dull resume and give it life, you will get to take part in a BONUS live one on one session with me, finalizing your updated resume and cover letter.  DM me so that I can let you know when my 1st Master RESUME Class will happen and you can sign up.  This will be time of your life PLUS you will leave with a great resume! Gauranteed~ 
 When you register, you will get your BONUS materials immediatety. 
 
 
 DM me on FB:  http://www.facebook.com/letmewriteit4u 
 
 
 IG:  https://www.instagram.com/letmewriteitforyou 
 
 
 Google: letmewriteitforyou@gmail.com 
 
 
 Text: 931.269.WR1T (9718) 
 
 
 #jobwinningresumes #veteranfriendly #civilianresumes #covid19jobs #graduateresumes #executiveresumes #secondcareerresumes #over50employment #jobwinningresumes #compellingcoverletters 
   
 Veteran Celebrates 1 Year Success of 1st African Market in Military Community #Entrepreneurship is our future covid19 job 
 by  You Resume Support Blog  July 20, 2020 
   
 Celebrating in Advance: What's Right With Your Resume 
 by  You Resume Support Blog  June 6, 2020 
   
 Résumé Writer in Clarksville Gains Valuable Information on Techniques to Ensure Client’s Job Search Success 
 by  You Resume Support Blog  October 10, 2017 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  Uncategorized Tagged  covid19jobs ,  resume advice ,  resume writing Leave a comment 
 Celebrating in Advance: What's Right With Your Resume 
 Posted on  June 6, 2020  by  You Resume Support Blog 
   
 …can't wait to share my love of crafting resumes with you (my 1st live training) 
 Hi, I’m Debra Ann. I spend most of my time learning. Some of my favorite days were spent on the hill at UT, that's the University of Tennessee, Knoxville, (that is for my Texas supporters) siting in English Literature classes, dissecting and divulging the meanings of words, concepts; justifying my own interpretation of famous and not-so-famous literary artists including… Oh I can't remember those old folks names now, but I loved learning about Malcolm X, Paula Giddens, Alex Hailey, and of course Nikki Giovonni and other local Tennessee writers and artists. I later learned the value of all of those speech, communications, rhetoric classes is just what I am able to do right now= Read, Research, and Write Resumes. I absolutely love taking my clients experiences and showing them how I can help them target them in a way that hiring managers and recruiters can see their value. 
 Send me a message with any resume questions to be answered in class on my National Resume Writers Association link @  https://bit.ly/2Y669yH 
 I invite you join me in my first Live training. You are invited. Come get a powerpack 7 Minutes of Resume Best. Not only will you get 7 of the Best resume tips to transform your dull resume and give it life, you will get to take part in a BONUS live one on one session with me, finalizing your updated resume and cover letter.  DM me so that I can   let you know when my 1st Master RESUME Class will happen and you can sign up.  This will be the best 7 Minutes of Your life! Gauranteed~ 
 When you register, you will get your BONUS materials immediatety. **** 
 
 
 DM me on FB:  http://www.facebook.com/letmewriteit4u 
 
 
 IG:  https://www.instagram.com/letmewriteitforyou 
 
 
 Google: letmewriteitforyou@gmail.com 
 
 
 Text: 931.269.WR1T (9718) 
 
 
 Debra Ann uses her extroverted personality to help reach her clients who feel passionate about their jobs and careers but can’t express the difference they make. Ms. Matthews has extensive experience with not for profit community service projects including President Clinton’s AmeriCorps, Up With People, and Job Corps. She combines her love for service and her passion for sharing knowledge with job seekers and career changers by offering to train (adjunct college professor or public speaker) or participate in interviews. She has served as the New Business Owner Representative/Military Group for the National Resume Writers Association Board. She is also a member of Forbes Coaches Council, and is a Career Affiliate with Career Thought Leaders.  She has trained with Richard Knowdell of the Career Development Network, earning her certifications as a Job and Career Transition Coach and Job and Career Development Coach.  Send your email to register for What's Right With Your Resume course at  https://bit.ly/2Y669yH . 
 
 
 
 #jobwinningresumes #covid19resumespecials #careercommunications #executiveresumes #graduateresumes #compellingcoverletters #acceptanceletters #denialletters #youknowthatdontmakeNoSenseHireHer #militarytransition #spouse #retireeresumes #firstjobs #remoteresumes #firstlivecourse 
 
   
   
   
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in UncategorizedTagged  compelling cover letters ,  covid19jobs ,  graduate ,  job-winning resume ,  Jobs ,  jobsearch ,  military jobs ,  military to civilian jobs ,  remotejobs ,  Resume ,  spouse employment 1 Comment 
 Résumé Writer in Clarksville Gains Valuable Information on Techniques to Ensure Client’s Job Search Success 
 Posted on  October 10, 2017  by  You Resume Support Blog 
   
 For Immediate Release 
 10/10/2017 
 For More Information, Contact: 
 Debra Ann Matthews, M.A., JCTC, JCDC, NWDP, CWDP 
 Post Office Box 156, Clarksville, Tennessee 37041 
 931.269.9718 
 info@jobwinningresumes.net //  www.letmewriteitforyou.org 
 Debra Ann Matthews  ( www.letmewriteitforyou.org ) attended The National Résumé Writers’ Conference to learn leading-edge methods to better position job seekers for gaining a competitive advantage in today’s tumultuous employment environment. 
 Debra Ann Matthews  , M.A., JCTC, JCDC, NWDP, CWDP from Clarksville, Tennessee, received advanced training and learned about the latest trends, issues, and technologies impacting the careers services industry from leading career industry presenters at The National Résumé Writers’ Association 2017 conference in Lombard, Illinois. The conference, which is held annually, caters to professional résumé writers, career coaches, and educational institutions placement professionals. 
 Matthews garnered expert knowledge in: 
 · Effective job seeker branding techniques to provide added value in résumé and career-related documents. 
 · How to design and compose résumés for a variety of individuals, including career-change, executive, 20-something, and military-transition clients. 
 · Techniques to prepare clients to answer difficult interview questions. 
 · The latest trends in social media and their impact on job seekers. 
 "Keeping current with trends in the career services industry helps me to better assist my clients with job search," stated Matthews. "Clients benefit from my continued training efforts on cutting-edge techniques in the resume writing and job search process because I can provide them with exceptional career documents and information that could shorten their job search and ensure their success." 
   
   
 Debra Ann Matthews’  business services has helped many job seekers and small businesses in her Middle Tennessee small business since 2009. Her enthusiastic manner of serving many military veterans and their families help shape their resume, cover letter, LinkedIn profile, and resume distribution services. She is proud to serve and help them more than anything to understand the process of job search and talent acquisition in the new workforce. She lives in one of the fastest growing cities in Tennessee with companies like Google, Hankook, and LG Electronics joining the ranks as neighbors. 
   
   
   
 She has been asked to help with several corporate projects as well including working with Deloitte Open Talent (DOT) Executive Transition Assistance Coach, American Psychological Association Conference Trainee, CCA of America, and Obama Health Care of Memphis, she is delighted to champion small businesses and help them obtain subcontract opportunities with her new book and training series called, Getting Grant Ready. As the newest contributor in the Modernize Your Job Search Letters: Get Noticed… Get Hired and a member of Forbes Coaches Council, she is ecstatic to continue to serve her motivating job seekers and career changers. 
 As her community continues to grow, teaching and training and networking about how to be in business is a very important tool as small business really does spur on the economy in these United States. She is proud to share and to collaborate with our countries best and brightest career professionals who are also willing to offer answers to out start-up, mid-level, and senior resume writers. There is a business to being in business. For more information or to contact Debra Ann Matthews, M.A., JCTC, JCDC, NWDP, CWDP at Let Me Write It For You, visit her website at  http://www.letmewriteitforyou.org , email her @  info@jobwinningresumes.net  or call 931.269.WR1T (9718). 
 
 Debra Ann will serve as 2016-18 NRWA Dir of Industry, Workforce, Military, Community Career Services 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  Business Owner ,  career ,  Job and Career Development Coach ,  Job Club ,  Job-winning resume ,  leadership ,  National Resume Writers Association ,  Uncategorized Tagged  Careers ,  careers for disabled ,  careers for veterans ,  civilian resumes ,  conference Leave a comment 
 Veteran Women-Owned Business Launches Extraordinary Essential Oil Venture 
 Posted on  September 28, 2017September 28, 2017  by  You Resume Support Blog 
   
 Clarksville, TN, September 25, 2017 -- Along with launching a business that supports extraordinary success with innovative yet safe products, Veteran business owner, Shavonde Chase, is committed to introducing Zija’s business options to Veterans, especially Wounded Warriors, in the Middle Tennessee community. 
On Saturday,  September 30 th at 11:00 am , Shavonde will roll out The National Health Revolution, a month-long focus of wellness, weight loss, healing from chronic disease and military injuries, and overall best practices for everyone from children to elderly through Zija’s all-natural products, especially their essential oils at the  Clarksville Entrepreneur Center  , located on  Wilma Rudolph Boulevard. 
 Shavonde, a retired SSG of the United States Army for 16 years, kicks off the month-long series of events by asking all active duty, reservist, and veterans of all branches to join her as she helps members of the community to celebrate solutions to ailments supplied by natural remedies, essential oils, and many other products championed by Zija’s products. “To mark the launch of her business, Chase will announce how Veterans can join the Zija group of wellness experts and form businesses to help deal with chronic issues such as obesity, learning disabilities, asthmas, food allergies, seizures, autism, and other chronic conditions from aging, epilepsy, ulcers, and diabetes. Everyone is invited to come on out to the festivities! Attendees can expect to learn all about Zija and participate in the following: 
 ~Healthy Nutritious Food and Drink Samples ~ Fun Raffles ~ Dynamite Door Prizes ~ 
 To learn more about The National Health Revolution, see us on FB @  http://bit.ly/2xx6ZbO . Sign up to follow Shavonde on her YouTube show called Chavonne’s World @  http://bit.ly/2fiHQHV . Our cutting-edge health, wellness and beauty products allow individuals to look and feel their best, be more active, and share the Natural Health Revolution. 
 All Veterans will receive An Extra Special Gift! 
 Contact person: Shavonde Chase, Veteran Business Owner 
 Contact Address: 1860 Wilma Rudolph Boulevard, Suite 118C, Clarksville, Tennessee 37040 
 Contact Phone Number: 253.283.2874 
 Contact Email: Shavondec@yahoo.com 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  Health and Wellness ,  small business ,  Uncategorized Tagged  Chronic Pain ,  Health ,  Joint Issues ,  Obesity ,  small business ,  Veterans ,  Wellness Leave a comment 
 Is Your Resume Yeah or Nae? 
 Posted on  March 26, 2017March 26, 2017  by  You Resume Support Blog 
   
 Check yeah or naw about your Job-Winning Resume 
 _____ Do you know the  old versus the necessary  parts of a job-winning resume? 
 _____Is your resume crafted in a way that showcases relevant  problem-solving and pain-killing  strategies that you have mastered to be helpful to the employer? 
 _____ Does your present  resume give more  than a career history or job description? 
 _____ Has your resume maximized your  visual appeal  for the civilian job market? 
 _____ Is your federal resume based on your past  skills and experience-laden? 
 _____ Does your resume present  data  that is trim, lean, mean, and succinct? 
 _____ Does it display an upwardly mobile, relevant, and  social media conscious  job seeker? 
 ____ Is it tailored for the job/career that you want? 
 Tell me how you have used your job-winning resume to showcase your unique marketing message? What strategy did you use? Did you secure an interview. YEAH For you. If not, join us for class! 
 Follow us….✴ FB:  http://www.facebook.com/letmewriteit4u  ✴ Twitter:  http://twitter.com/#!/Letmewriteit4u  ✴ Skype: Debra.Matthews14 ✴ Instagram:  https://www.instagram.com/letmewriteitforyou/   ✴Stumbeupon: http://www.stumbleupon.com/stumbler/letmewriteit4u  ✴Delicious:  https://delicious.com/letmewriteit4u  ✴Tumblr:  http://debraannjobwinningresumes.tumblr.com/  
 Call us at 931-269-9718 or email your inquiries and good news to info@jobwinningresumes.net. Ask for your free Welcome Kit ! 
 Name(required) 
 Email(required) 
 Website 
 Comment(required) 
 Submit 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  career ,  career focus ,  civilian jobs ,  executive resumes ,  Job and Career Development Coach ,  Job Club ,  Job-winning resume ,  Resume ,  Uncategorized Tagged  Resume ,  resume advice Leave a comment 
 Let's Go, Let's Support, Let's Help Others Win! 
 Posted on  March 15, 2017  by  You Resume Support Blog 
   
 They say that if you want to be successful, help someone else to reach their goals. Well, here are 2 ways to do just that! 
 #1- Semi-Professional Ladies Basketball Team arrives in Nashville, TN  http://www.musiccityicons.com 
 #2 - Youth Organization Supports Healthy Lifestyle and Development in Clarksville, TN  http://www.leaporg.net 
 Renee Bobb is taking on a new venture as owner of the Music City Icons Women's Basketball Team. Can you imagine the strength and power of supporting 14 dynamic women who are skills as athletics, bright, and passionate about entering this new venture in professional athletics. Starting today, let's support the Music City Icons Women's Basketball Team… #  iFundWomen Crowdfunding Campaign. … 
 
 Goal is to raise $10,000 in 45 days. All funds raised will go toward supporting the launch of the team.   https://ifundwomen.com/   projects/musiccityicons 
 Check out the video https://youtu.be/Db-MZwyd8H0 . When you make a donation you will receive some cool gifts. 
 See more of the projects too! https://ifundwomen.com/projects/musiccityicons 
 
 Thank you for your support ! 
 LEAP stands to help youth from ages 11 to 18 balance their lives in a productive, helpful, hopeful manner. They work to build good, healthy character, motivating associations and share career and skills with young people with work place tours, travels around the United States and encouragement to seek training beyond high school. 
 LEAP seeks benefactors to invest in our future and to help make LEAP Plaza a permanent home and sustainable source of revenue for our youth development programs.  Our goal is to raise $2,000,000 over the next five years to retire two mortgages and to stabilize our operations through 2021. LEAP has a business plan to operate primarily through earned revenue from rent and service fees yielded through business incubation partnerships. The direct impact of these investments is greater/increased service to youth who are at-risk in our communities. The implementation of this plan is already underway and will be fully operational by the end of this campaign. Earned income from the business incubator will sustain LEAP’s youth development programs. We currently serve 200 youth per year. By 2021, we project serving 425. 
 
 **Let 's help LEAP with donations in any amount to secure a permanent place for youth and young adults to thrive!! ** 
 The Success Rate includes helping over 1,000 students since it 's inception in 2007. Of 532 tested for controlled substances 433 (81%) have ben discontinued using. Of 290 students with criminal/delinquent backgrounds, 204 (70%) refrained from committing additional offences. 
 I 'm inviting you to support my fundraising for the LEAP Organization. Please find out more and donate here:  http://igfn.us/vf/360/DebraAnnMatthews . 
 
 We hope that you enjoy supporting great ventures in the community. Know that we contribute monthly and we continue to offer support to all good things to help youth and to encourage business dynamics. You are invited to tour LEAP Plaza, attend our 1st season Music City basketball. 
 Let me know if you need more information about either organization. 
 Danke, Merci Beaucoup, Gracias. 
 Debra Ann Matthews 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  basketball ,  Business Model ,  Business Owner ,  Uncategorized Tagged  basketball ,  business ,  donation ,  youth employment Leave a comment 
 4 Good Reasons to Show Up and Grow in Your Business 
 Posted on  March 9, 2017March 10, 2017  by  You Resume Support Blog 
   
 You may have an idea to offer people who use old school calendars and planners in a customized fashion, like a wonderful business teacher that I met, you may be a press release specialist, or a goat herder. Whatever you do, let me encourage you to attend business development events, like the one that I attended yesterday in Hopkinsville, Kentucky, fondly called, Hoptown! For the second year, I attended the  Regional Entrepreneur Conference  and I was not disappointed! I came, I showed up, and I thrived! So let me show you 4 Good Reasons to Show UP to Grow Your Business…. 
 Number 1 - When you show up, you are saying to your business colleagues, your potential customers, and the world ( or at least to the city), that you are ready to win. You are available to meet the needs of your ideal customer, you are equipped to share your expert knowledge, and inform other business people referrals for their business as well as share the ways that you can help, so that other business can tell others about you! 
 Guest Keynote Speaker, Marques Ogden, showed up and shared! He was one of the most authentic personalities and many were encouraged, learned, and were able to share many of his ventures that are his company offers to Veterans, other speakers, and to other athletes. He was also open to not only show up but to share others visions and business niches in his circle. Number 1 - Show up and Share. 
 Number 2 - When you show up, you are saying to your business colleagues, "Nice to meet ya!" I met and collected business cards, signs, and advertisements of my business colleagues. Please support them when you can! 
 See all of the people, who also attended the conference?  They are your networking partners …..  Such as Sherria  of http://www.fitbodyparty.com , Shenika Drake, Flair Expressions Make-up Aritst 270-498-8353, Rita Lewis, 931-302-7268, Elam Fisher, 5 Star Flooring 866-259-7085, Ron Dvorsky Jr, Christian Co Chamber 270-885-9096, Patrick Dawson FNB, 270-522-6021, Sara Shepherd Burdoc Farms Weddings and Events 270-348-1483, Stefanie Hasert, ImprintBlue 270-305-6111, Kitty Calhoun, Senor Lopez Grill and Cantina 270-881-6065, Marques Ogden Keynote Speaker 919-995-2266  http://www.marquesogden.com . Number 2 - Show up and Share and Help Others Shine. 
 Number 3 - When you show up, you are saying, I can also have a little fun! I learned so many new and refreshing tidbits to help me in my business (linkedin best practices, overview of basic business numbers, reminders to always give back to charitable events, and possibly consider joining the Chamber of Commerce). I also reaffirmed my personal goals to lose weight and stay on the journey. Your life is not a cocoon of experiences but one smooth flow of opportunities that will touch you in professional and personal ways. 
   
   
 Number 3 - Show up and Share and glean in all areas of your life. 
 Number 4 - When you show up, you are saying, I am ready to make a move. Take the tidbits that you learned, and put in practice as soon as you can! I started yesterady, posting a few pics from yesterdays session on my linkedin and facebook page. This morning, I am writing a blog and now I am looking to see if I can share some of these business practices with my business hopefuls in Liberia. 
 One of the key takeaways that I learned from yesterdays events is to fine tune my personal story to make a greater business impact by helping who I am to resonate with my ideal audience. Drew Hudgins, presenter above was simply marvelous. He plans to offer 1000 small town business folks, strategic business services. He really encouraged us to think about how we avoid pain and approach pleasure in the way that we network and connect with colleagues, clients, and others. He also helped us to know that we are seeking to persuade and not to manipulate. #finedistinction 
 Number 4- Show up and Share and take something with ya. I took this quote, "Love or Hate me, there's no money in the middle.  www.smalltalkbusiness.com  Rise, fall, rise again! Don't drop your guard! Business is Business. Vet. Vet. Vet. Adversity if a part of the process. Tell your truth. Work.Work.Work.Work.Work. 
 More community events for business owners: Jump in… Entrepreneur Mastermind Group Either March 18th or May 6 - Free group sponsored by SCORE, Clarksville Entrepreneur Center, APSU. Sign up at  http://www.leaporg.net/cec . Leaders Learning Luncheon March 17th June 14th and Sept 15th Medi @ verxleben@medisuccess.org 270-885-8885. Marketing Bootcamp March 29th Murray State Hoptown campus. Register at  https://mktbootcamp.eventbrite.com 
 I do hope that if you are a business hopeful, start-up, or a seasoned business member, that you are encouraged to always participate in business conferences. As you show up, you will learn a ton! And if you need support, a listening ear for your business, or need to have some items written, LET US WRITE IT FOR YOU! 
 Let Me Write It For You helps individuals and groups with Resumes, Capability Statements, Cover Letters, Letter of Intent, Press Releases, Contracts, Proposals, Grants, Ads, Letters, Tag Lines, Proofreading, Networking, and other Training. Read more about her work in What Do You Do & 4 Grants to Help You Do It  http://bit.ly/4Grants2HelpYou . 
 Feel free to share with us on this blog how you have benefitted from participating in business events. 
 Cheers! 
 Debra Ann 
 Connect with us: 
 ✴Blog:  https://jobwinningresumes.wordpress.com/ 
 ✴ FB:  http://www.facebook.com/letmewriteit4u 
 ✴ Twitter:  http://twitter.com/#!/Letmewriteit4u 
 ✴ Skype: Debra.Matthews14 
 ✴ Instagram:  https://www.instagram.com/letmewriteitforyou/ 
 ✴Stumbeupon: http://www.stumbleupon.com/stumbler/letmewriteit4u 
 ✴Delicious:  https://delicious.com/letmewriteit4u 
 ✴Tumblr:  http://debraannjobwinningresumes.tumblr.com/ 
 ✴ Instagram:  https://www.instagram.com/letmewriteitforyou/ 
 Name(required) 
 Email(required) 
 Website 
 Comment(required) 
 Submit 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  Basic Business Numbers ,  Breakout Sessions ,  Business Model ,  Business Owner ,  Entrepreneur Panel ,  Keynote Presenter ,  LinkedIn ,  Network ,  Traditional Marketing ,  Uncategorized Leave a comment 
 Posts navigation 
 <- Older posts 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 20 Places to Find a GOOD Job 
 Veteran Celebrates 1 Year Success of 1st African Market in Military Community #Entrepreneurship is our future covid19 job 
 Middle Tennessee Woman Receives $5000 to Help in Covid 19 Crisis by Sara Blakely Foundation 
 Resume Training: You Got That Right ! 
 Celebrating in Advance: What's Right With Your Resume 
 
 Archives 
 
 October 2020 
 July 2020 
 June 2020 
 October 2017 
 September 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 
 Categories 
 
 accomplishments 
 Action 
 Basic Business Numbers 
 basketball 
 branding statement 
 Breakout Sessions 
 Business Grants 
 Business Model 
 Business Owner 
 career 
 career focus 
 civilian jobs 
 Coach 
 college groups 
 Compassion 
 customer service 
 entrepreneur 
 Entrepreneur Panel 
 executive resumes 
 Forbes Coaches Council 
 Free Money 
 global success 
 Goals Setting 
 Health and Wellness 
 Interests 
 Job and Career Development Coach 
 Job Club 
 job duties 
 Job Search 
 Job-winning resume 
 jobs 
 Keynote Presenter 
 leadership 
 LinkedIn 
 Military Vets 
 Motivated Skills 
 National Resume Writers Association 
 Network 
 Networking 
 Part time job 
 Passion 
 professional aspirations 
 professional image 
 Resume 
 Retired Soldier 
 Skills 
 small business 
 social network 
 Success 
 technical skills 
 Testimony 
 Traditional Marketing 
 Uncategorized 
 Values 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Website Powered by WordPress.com . 
  Welcome to Your Resume Support Blog…..  
 Website Powered by WordPress.com . 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
