Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Brand Content Writer 
 opentext 
 __Waterloo, ON 
 Apply Now 
 OPENTEXT - THE INFORMATION COMPANY 
 As the Information Company, our mission at OpenText is to create software solutions and deliver services that redefine the future of digital. Be part of a winning team that leads the way in Enterprise Information Management. 
 The opportunity: 
The Technical Writer will play a critical part in creating content for the Customer Operations department, which provides technical support and a variety of services for our global customers. Our ideal candidate is an experienced professional with demonstrated creative writing/presentation creation skills. Someone who can take complex technical ideas and repackage them into simple yet elegant business executive ready concepts. 
 You are great at: 
 
 Write and revise copy for blog posts, email campaigns, social media, ads (digital and print), presentations, videos, and brochures. 
 Convert complex technical information into simple and informative content for customers, partners, and the business. 
 Collaborate with the business and creative lead to take concepts and turn them into graphic content for PowerPoint slides. 
 Become well versed in the technical language of our industry and distill it for a business audience. 
 Work cooperatively in a team environment and exhibit strong intra-team and inter-team communication 
 
 What it takes: 
 
 Minimum 2 years of professional experience in a technical marketing or publishing environment 
 Proficient in Microsoft Office Suite (PowerPoint, Excel, Word) 
 Proficient with Adobe Creative Cloud 
 Deadline driven, organized with a keen understanding of how people view and understand content. 
 
 At OpenText we understand and value diversity in our employees and are proud to be an Equal Opportunity Employer. We hire the best talent regardless of race, creed, color, national origin, ancestry, disability, marital status, sex, age, veteran status or sexual orientation. If you require accommodation at any time during the recruitment process please email accommodationrequests@opentext.com. Applicants have rights under Federal Employment Laws including but not limited to: Family and Medical Leave Act (FLMA) , Equal Employment Opportunity and Employee Polygraph Protection Act 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
