Jobs In A Jiffy 
 Some thoughts about work and the workplace 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Startup Resources 
 
 <- Infographic: The Real Cost of a Bad Hire 
 Cost-to-company (CTC)? Income Tax? Taxable Income?? (Video) -> 
 Quick Tips - Ace Your Job Interview 
 Posted on  January 14, 2013  by  jobsinajiffy 
 As a jobseeker, you put in countless hours cutting, pruning and refining your CV. You also spend an equal amount of time hunting down openings, networking and applying for jobs. And finally, your effort bears fruit in the form of that elusive job interview. It is important to know that everything leading up to the interview is simply the proverbial tip of the iceberg. Unless you manage to rock the personal interview(s), your efforts will come to naught. 
 But, you can stop fretting over it. We have listed 5 quick tips which will help you set the stage for a rocking interview. Most of these might be obvious but do let us know if they work for you. 
 Quick tip # 1 
Plan to arrive 15 minutes prior to the interview. 
This will give you extra time just in case you run into traffic or cannot find the interview location. If neither of these things happen, it still looks great to the employer that you've made the extra initiative to arrive early. 
 Quick tip # 2 
Dress right. Casual doesn't cut it. 
Pick out a professional outfit, no matter where you have applied. If you have been previously told it is a "casual environment" and are searching through jeans - think again. There will be several people interviewing with you. If one person out of the four dress up, they will be the most memorable. Be that person! 
 Quick tip # 3 
Make extra efforts during the interview. 
Bring a notebook with your CV and extra sheets of paper with you to lay out in front of you while you are in the interview. Take notes while they are telling you about benefits, hours and the basics of the company. 
 Quick tip # 4 
Body language is important. 
Keep eye contact. The employer needs to know he's engaged you. Control your hand movements because excessive gesturing distract from what you are saying and dilute your impact. 
 Quick tip # 5 
Be prepared with questions. 
At the end of the interview, they might ask you, "Do you have any questions?" Always have questions prepared. Asking questions at the end of the interview shows the employer your interest in the company and the job itself. 
 Do you have any more quick, common sense tips which can help smoothen the road during an interview? 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 More 
 
 
 
 Email 
 Reddit 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  Uncategorized . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 <- Infographic: The Real Cost of a Bad Hire 
 Cost-to-company (CTC)? Income Tax? Taxable Income?? (Video) -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 The art of managing tricky office relationships 
 Avoid These Productivity Drags 
 The turning tide - startups gaining currency in the talent market 
 10 easy tips for conflict resolution 
 Fight, flight or fess up? How to deal with making a mistake at work. 
 
 
 
 Take Our Poll 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 August 2013 
 May 2013 
 January 2013 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 June 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 October 2011 
 June 2011 
 May 2011 
 January 2011 
 December 2010 
 November 2010 
 September 2010 
 August 2010 
 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 HR 
 Random 
 Recruitment 
 Resume tips 
 SME 
 starting up 
 Startup Hiring 
 Uncategorized 
 Workplace 
 
 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 
  Jobs In A Jiffy  
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
