the ChangeYourLife blog 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 My Story 
 START HERE 
 What This Blog Is About… 
 
   
 Tag Archives: do you hate your job? 
 <- Older posts 
 February 14, 2014 * 4:20 pm 
 Do You Hate Your Job? Really? 
 Stuart Young, London, UK 
 Hiya, 
 I wrote an article for SelfGrowth.com recently, probably the biggest self improvement website on the internet with around 2 million views per month. 
 The article takes a look at whether you can actually fall back in love with your job - even if you have to do it for another company. 
 It also happens to be an excerpt from my latest book: "  Do You Hate Your Job?  " which you can get in full,  at no cost  , right here: ->  CLICK HERE  <- 
 You can read the full article here: ->  SelfGrowth ** 
** 
 Enjoy 
 Stu 
 🙂 
 1 Comment 
 Filed under  Change Job 
 Tagged as  change career ,  change job ,  do you hate your job? ,  hate work ,  self help ,  selfgrowth 
 February 11, 2014 * 1:05 pm 
 Want to be a High Performer? 
 Stuart Young, London, UK 
 Hiya, 
 Brendon Burchard is a successful online marketer. He mixes with the elite in business and learns how they achieved their success. Then he models it, and applies it to his own business. 
 In this video he made a while ago he takes us through the 6 x Ps of High Performers. This inspiring video is about learning what the world’s most successful people focus on to create their results. 
 The Ps stand for Presence, Psychology, Physiology, Productivity, Persuasion and the most important P of them all - without it none of the others matter is… 
 …You'll have to watch to find out. 🙂 
 To find out more about Brendon go to: http://brendonburchard.com/ 
 Comment below with how this video inspired you. 
 
 If you’re one of the 80% struggling to enjoy their job at the moment and you're struggling to be a high performer, grab a copy of “  Do You Hate Your Job?  ” right now at NO COST. If not for you then for someone you know that’s struggling to get out of bed every work day. 
 It will help you understand if you can actually fall in love with your present job, or whether it’s time to quit. 
 Click here to get your copy . 
 Enjoy 
 Stu 
 PS: It’s short, to the point, full of useful, practical content, easy to understand and apply - get it now. 
 1 Comment 
 Filed under  Change Job ,  VIDEOS 
 Tagged as  Brendon Burchard ,  change career ,  change job ,  do you hate your job? ,  frustration ,  high performer ,  procrastination ,  stuck in a rut ,  work 
 February 10, 2014 * 10:03 am 
 What can you say YES to today? 
 Stuart Young, London, UK 
 Hiya, 
 Take the opportunity today to say YES to something you would normally say No to. 
 Is this a tricky one? Hmm, not sure. I think some of you might find this difficult depending on what the thing is and how challenging it might be. 
 To others it might be a simple choice of having a cup of coffee after your lunch when you normally don’t. Either way, try and say YES - see what happens. 
 Maybe there's something you're asked to do at work that you'd normally refuse because it's not your job - today, have a go. Say "  Yes, sure, I 'll do it. " See what happens with the rest of your day. Does it get better, worse, stay the same? 
 _" Without change, there would be no butterflies. _ ” ~  Anonymous 
 
 If you're one of the 80% struggling to enjoy their job at the moment grab a copy of “  Do You Hate Your Job?  ” right now at NO COST. If not for you then for someone you know that’s struggling to get out of bed every work day. 
 It will help you understand if you can actually fall in love with your present job, or whether it’s time to quit. 
 Click here to get your copy . 
 Enjoy 
 Stu 
 PS: It’s short, to the point, full of useful, practical content, easy to understand and apply. 
 Leave a comment 
 Filed under  Change Job ,  Goals ,  Life changing ,  Self help ,  Self Improvement ,  Success 
 Tagged as  change career ,  change job ,  do you hate your job? ,  fear ,  frustrated ,  hate work ,  say yes ,  self help ,  unemployed ,  work 
 February 9, 2014 * 4:22 pm 
 How often do you thank? 
 Stuart Young, London, UK 
 Hiya 
 Take the opportunity today to say thanks. 
 This is the simplest thing in the world to do - and sometimes the hardest. We all have occasions where saying thanks to someone really sticks in our side. Sometimes we might even decide not to say it at all. 
 But saying thanks under those conditions can really make a difference, not only to the person you’re saying it to, but to  you  too. 
 When you can say thanks, and mean it sincerely, you are on the path to building a bridge with that person. That relationship could end up growing stronger or at least more bearable. 
 You can even say thanks to the universe for just being alive! 
 On the easy side - saying thanks to someone who has just held the door open for you or moved aside to let you through can brighten  their  day. 
 That thanks will wind its way through the day passing from one person to the next and the next. Be the one that starts that process off and then enjoy the thought of where it might end up. 
 You never know, your easy thanks in the morning could end up being someone else’s difficult thanks at the end of the day. 
 Nice thought huh? 
 Tomorrow is Monday - first day of the working week for many - give some thought right now to who you might thank at work - even if you really don't want to. 
 Even if you hate your job at the moment, find someone you can sincerely thank. 
 
 Grab a copy of "Do You Hate Your Job?" right now at NO COST, if not for you then for someone you know that’s struggling to get out of bed every work day. It will you understand if you can actually fall in love with your present job, or whether it's time to quit. 
 Click here to get your copy . 
 Enjoy 
 Stu 
 PS: It’s a short book full of useful, practical content, easy to understand and apply. 
 6 Comments 
 Filed under  Change Job ,  Choice ,  Goals ,  Life changing ,  Self help ,  Self Improvement ,  Success 
 Tagged as  change career ,  change job ,  do you hate your job? ,  free book ,  hate work ,  self help ,  thanks ,  work 
 February 6, 2014 * 12:23 pm 
 Searching for Simplicity 
 
 Find Simplicity 
 Stuart Young, London, UK 
 Hiya, 
 Why focus can bring great clarity… 
 I read an interesting article this morning about a study done by Tania Lombrozo of UC-Berkeley about our childhood preference for  purposeful design . 
 The study seemed to show that when we are children we look for purpose in all things: the rain falls, so we have water to drink - for example. Wondering whether this was a state of mind that we grew out of in adulthood Tania tested a number of Alzheimer's sufferers and found that the entrenched causal beliefs of adulthood (eg: rain is part of the natural water cycle with no obvious 'purpose') were weakened. So much so, that they gave similar answers as the children. 
 The conclusion seems to indicate a natural preference for the mind to conserve energy by seeking to simplify our reality. More energy is used by the brain when we are considering complex ideas. This natural preference is only suppressed in adulthood but lurks in the shadows ready to conserve energy at a moment's notice. 
 So what? 
 This made me think of my own multi-tasking habit. Having 101 things on the go, switching between projects at lightning pace must have a detrimental effect on the amount of energy my brain is using. The average brain uses 20% of all the energy consumed - so imagine the mental exhaustion if you constantly give it a lot of complex work to do all at the same time. 
 I certainly feel like that often. 
 So, if you are one that is stuck in a job you don't like at the moment concentrate on one solution at a time. For the next 7 days, 2 weeks, 1 month - whatever you need, just consider one solution at a time. Focus. 
 I honestly think that my new eBook will help you do this. Get your f.ree copy right now and spend the required time working through the processes and gain the clarity you need in order to understand what you should do next. 
 
 Grab a copy now at NO COST, if not for you then for someone you know that’s struggling to get out of bed every work day. 
 Click here to get your copy . 
 Enjoy 
 Stu 
 PS: It's a short book full of useful, practical content, easy to understand and apply. 
 It takes effort so clear your mind of distractions 
 Leave a comment 
 Filed under  Change Job ,  Life changing ,  Self help ,  Self Improvement ,  Success 
 Tagged as  change career.change job ,  change work ,  clarity ,  do you hate your job? ,  focus ,  hate work ,  miserable ,  Tania Lombrozo ,  UC-Berkeley 
 February 5, 2014 * 12:47 pm 
 What do you like about your job? 
 Stuart Young, London, UK 
 Hiya, 
 Take the opportunity today to consider your job and find three things you’re happy with. 
 1. I'm quitting soon,  or  2. the toilets are clean, etc. - do NOT count! 🙂 
 I understand this might be difficult for some. Try it though and see if you can ‘honestly’ find three things that you are happy with about your job. 
 This could be the start of you appreciating it for what it is. We've all heard the grass is greener right? Maybe if you stopped looking at what is 'wrong' with your job - just for today, you might find there's a lot you actually like. 
 It must start with you, all of your happiness, contentedness, peacefulness etc. comes from the way you think about your circumstances. 
 If you get to the end of today and you really have struggled to find 3 things you like - you need to read my new eBook: "  Do You Hate Your Job?  ". It's not very long, but it is laser focussed on helping you understand what you must do next. 
 
 Grab a copy now at NO COST, if not for you then for someone you know that’s struggling to get out of bed every work day. 
 Click here to get your copy . 
 Enjoy 
 Stu 
 Related posts:  Monday 'Back to Work' Blues. 
 Leave a comment 
 Filed under  Change Job ,  Choice ,  Goals ,  Life changing ,  Self help ,  Self Improvement ,  Success 
 Tagged as  achievement ,  anger ,  awareness ,  bad habits ,  beliefs ,  boredom ,  career ,  change career ,  change job ,  change your life ,  change your mindset ,  choice ,  confidence ,  confusion ,  decisions ,  depression ,  diet ,  divorce ,  do you hate your job? ,  doubt ,  dream life ,  dreams ,  family ,  fear ,  finding happiness ,  finding your passion ,  goals ,  good habits ,  good life ,  grief ,  guilt ,  habits ,  happy ,  hopes ,  How to change your life one day at a time ,  hypnotherapy ,  lack of direction ,  lifestyle ,  loneliness ,  loss ,  love ,  low self esteem ,  midlife crisis ,  nlp ,  peak performance ,  perfect day ,  personal development ,  psychology ,  quit smoking ,  redundancy ,  regret ,  relationship ,  resentment ,  resourcefulness ,  self improvement ,  Stuart Young ,  success ,  Tony Robbins ,  unhappy ,  value ,  weight loss ,  work 
 February 4, 2014 * 11:27 am 
 Are you capable of courage? 
 Stuart Young, London, UK 
 Hiya, 
 This is p.48 of my book: ' How To Change Your Life One Day At A Time ' 
 Take the opportunity today to be courageous! 
 This might be in the face of adversity, it might be just being brave about something or it might be something really important like making a difficult decision. 
 Whether you’re nervous about that speaking engagement coming up or whether you need to muster the nerve to ask someone on a date - dig deep and do it. This one courageous moment  could  change your life.  Forever ! 
 I know this is one of those difficult challenges I spoke about at the beginning of this book but hopefully you have tried enough of the other challenges to give you some habitual momentum today. 
 
 Maybe one of the courageous things you need to do is take a good look at your job and decide whether it makes you happy. 
 If it doesn't do you know your next step? 
 If not, get a complimentary copy of my new eBook '  Do You Hate Your Job?  ' which will reveal all the steps you need to take to go from tired and miserable to invigorated and excited at work. 
 
 Grab a copy now, if not for you then for someone you know 
 that’s struggling to get out of bed every work day. 
 Get it right here . 
 Enjoy 
 Stu 
 Related posts:  Getting to grips with fear and confusion. 
 2 Comments 
 Filed under  Change Job ,  Goals ,  Life changing ,  Self help ,  Self Improvement ,  Success 
 Tagged as  achievement ,  anger ,  awareness ,  bad habits ,  beliefs ,  boredom ,  career ,  change career ,  change job ,  change your life ,  change your mindset ,  choice ,  confidence ,  confusion ,  decisions ,  depression ,  diet ,  divorce ,  do you hate your job? ,  doubt ,  dream life ,  dreams ,  family ,  fear ,  finding happiness ,  finding your passion ,  goals ,  good habits ,  good life ,  grief ,  guilt ,  habits ,  happy ,  hate work ,  hopes ,  How to change your life one day at a time ,  hypnotherapy ,  lack of direction ,  lifestyle ,  loneliness ,  loss ,  love ,  low self esteem ,  midlife crisis ,  nlp ,  peak performance ,  perfect day ,  personal development ,  psychology ,  quit smoking ,  redundancy ,  regret ,  relationship ,  resentment ,  resourcefulness ,  self improvement ,  Stuart Young ,  success ,  Tony Robbins ,  unhappy ,  value ,  weight loss 
 February 3, 2014 * 10:20 am 
 Monday Back to Work Blues? 
 
 Want to change that? 
 Stuart Young, London, UK 
 Hiya, 
 If you suffer from Monday back to work blues from time to time - or even ALL the time, read on… 
 I used to suffer from them too. And even if you don't, even if you really like your job, you probably know someone that doesn't, right? 
 Below is a contents list of what my new eBook "   Do You Hate Your Job? " covers and it's absolutely f.ree. I want to help as many people as I can escape the misery of working in a job they hate or get no satisfaction from - what a waste. 
 So here's what you'll discover in the book: 
 
 How I Identified  I  Was In The Wrong JOB! 
 If You Really Hate Your Job 
 The Importance of Taking Time Away 
 The Comfort & Riches Parable 
 If Can You Fall In Love With Your Job 
 How To Change Jobs (Steps 1, 2 and 3) 
 The Real Cost Of Doing Nothing 
 How to Make Big Decisions (Parts 1 and 2) 
 Understanding Why Change Can Be Painful 
 Mindset = Success 
 Getting To Grips With Fear And Confusion 
 
 Within these chapters I deal with subjects like: 
 
 What's going on that bothers you? 
 How you can change it 
 What Are Your Options 
 Finding Your #1 Opportunity 
 My 5 Step Decision Making Process 
 Understanding Required Resources 
 The Power of Anchoring 
 What to Do Next 
 
 …and much more. 
 Grab a copy now, if not for you then for someone you know that's struggling to get out of bed every Monday morning.  Get it right here . 
 Enjoy 
 Stu 
 Related posts: 
 The 3 Questions People That Hate Their Job Ask 
 Getting to Grips With fear and Confusion 
 Leave a comment 
 Filed under  Change Job ,  Goals ,  Life changing ,  Self help ,  Self Improvement ,  Success 
 Tagged as  achievement ,  anger ,  awareness ,  bad habits ,  beliefs ,  Boom Tow Rats ,  boredom ,  career ,  change your life ,  change your mindset ,  choice ,  confidence ,  confusion ,  decisions ,  depression ,  diet ,  divorce ,  do you hate your job? ,  doubt ,  dream life ,  dreams ,  family ,  fear ,  finding happiness ,  finding your passion ,  goals ,  good habits ,  good life ,  grief ,  guilt ,  habits ,  happy ,  hopes ,  How to change your life one day at a time ,  hypnotherapy ,  I don't like Mondays ,  lack of direction ,  lifestyle ,  loneliness ,  loss ,  love ,  low self esteem ,  midlife crisis ,  nlp ,  peak performance ,  perfect day ,  personal development ,  psychology ,  quit smoking ,  redundancy ,  regret ,  relationship ,  resentment ,  resourcefulness ,  self improvement ,  Stuart Young ,  success ,  Tony Robbins ,  unhappy ,  value ,  weight loss 
 January 30, 2014 * 12:06 pm 
 The 3 Questions People That Hate Their Job Ask… 
 
 3 Questions You Probably Ask… 
 Stuart Young, London, UK 
 Hiya, 
 If you are dissatisfied with your job at the moment you are probably asking one of 3 questions: 
 
 1. How can I enjoy my job more? 
 2. How can I find a new job? 
 3. How can I set up my own business? 
 
 Let's look at them one at a time… 
 1. You might ask how you can enjoy your job more because you either like your work but just dislike who you're working _for - _which could mean your immediate boss, your colleagues or maybe you dislike the department you're working in. So how do you change that? 
 2. You might be wondering how you can find a new job because you have the same issues as number one, or you've come to the conclusion that you don't actually like what you  do . This could lead to a complete career change, so where do you start? 
 3. If you don't want to continue working where you are now but can't envisage being satisfied working for anyone else, then setting up on your own, either doing what you do now,  or  doing something completely different seems like the most desirable option. Again, where do you start? 
 Thankfully, my new eBook "  Do You Hate Your Job?  " deals with each of these issues one by one. So whether you find yourself asking question 1, 2 or 3 - the book will help you get clearer about what to do next. 
 And it just so happens you can get a f.ree copy right now  right here . 🙂 
 What are you waiting for, 2014 is ticking away fast! 
 Enjoy 
 Stu 
 PS: Help someone you know that might hate  their  job by sending them this blog post – it might just change their life! 
 Leave a comment 
 Filed under  Change Job ,  Choice ,  Goals ,  Life changing ,  Self help ,  Self Improvement ,  Success 
 Tagged as  achievement ,  anger ,  awareness ,  bad habits ,  beliefs ,  boredom ,  career ,  change career ,  change job ,  change your life ,  change your mindset ,  choice ,  confidence ,  confusion ,  decisions ,  depression ,  diet ,  divorce ,  do you hate your job? ,  doubt ,  dream life ,  dreams ,  family ,  fear ,  finding happiness ,  finding your passion ,  goals ,  good habits ,  good life ,  grief ,  guilt ,  habits ,  happy ,  hopes ,  How to change your life one day at a time ,  hypnotherapy ,  lack of direction ,  lifestyle ,  loneliness ,  loss ,  love ,  low self esteem ,  midlife crisis ,  nlp ,  peak performance ,  perfect day ,  personal development ,  psychology ,  quit smoking ,  redundancy ,  regret ,  relationship ,  resentment ,  resourcefulness ,  self improvement ,  set up business ,  Stuart Young ,  success ,  Tony Robbins ,  unhappy ,  value ,  weight loss ,  work 
 January 29, 2014 * 11:46 am 
 Getting To Grips With Fear And Confusion 
 Hiya, 
 This is another extract from my new eBook “  Do You Hate Your Job?  ” which is available for f.ree right now  here . 
 
 Getting To Grips With Fear And Confusion 
 If you do decide to find a new job, new career or start up your own business know that there may well be fear and confusion along the way. 
 Learn to accept that, learn to understand that growing as a person is happening alongside this journey of following your passion, dream or goal. Sometimes you have to take the hit. If you want to go into events planning but don’t have the experience, why not get a job just helping other planners set their events up and learn how they do it from the ground up. 
 If you feel totally stuck or paralysed by fear or doubt - get calm. Sit still, breathe deeply and slowly and reconnect with your intuition, excitement, creativity and imagination. Trust yourself. 
 Accept that you won’t know all the answers, accept that you will have to take risks and above all accept that you may fail along the way. This is part of the journey. If it was easy everyone would do it - but they don’t. This is the road less travelled, this is the path to success, the difficult path but the one that leads to more fulfillment, contentedness, happiness, joy and ultimately  life . 
 I did it, in fact I’m still doing it. Yes, I still have doubts and fears and I still find myself procrastinating from time to time. But at least now I’m aware of what’s going on and how to change it. 
 And remember to give yourself a break. It’s normal to be afraid, it’s normal to be unsure. Rather than chastise yourself for these negative feelings, acknowledge them. Sit with them for a while. Listen to what they’re trying to tell you. Then question if you agree with them or not. 
 Feelings are natural - accept them, allow them. If you want to know the strategies and tactics to change them… read on. 
 
 Here's a great tactic for alleviating fear which I learned recently from Cameron Von St James and his incredible wife Heather. 
 Eight years ago, Heather was diagnosed with mesothelioma; a rare cancer that kills most people within  2 years  of diagnosis. 
 Each year, they gather around a fire in their backyard with their friends and family, write their biggest fears on a plate and smash them into the fire. This symbolic gesture actually has a powerful psychological effect on our psyche. It says: '  I don 't want these fear feelings and I'm ready to destroy them. ' 
 They call this '  LungLeavin Day  ' due to the operation that Heather had to endure. To find out more about this inspiring family and the help they offer others  go here . 
 Grab your F.REE copy of my book "  Do You Hate Your Job?  "right now  here . 
 Enjoy 
 Stu 
 PS: Help someone you know that might hate  their  job by sending them this blog post – it might just change their life! 
 4 Comments 
 Filed under  Change Job ,  Choice ,  Confidence ,  Goals ,  Life changing ,  Self help ,  Self Improvement ,  Success 
 Tagged as  change career ,  change job ,  do you hate your job? ,  doubt ,  excitement ,  fear ,  fulfilment ,  happiness ,  intuition ,  LungLeavin Day ,  mesotheliomajoy ,  work 
 <- Older posts 
 
 
 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 
 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 854 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 NetworkedBlogs 
 
 Blog: 
 ChangeYourLife 
 Topics: 
 Self Improvement ,  Self Help ,  Inspirational 
 Follow my blog 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Why You’ll Always Be Dissatisfied - And That’s Good News! 
 A post for Dads being divorced. 
 Divorced Dads with kids - Who do you need to BE? 
 12 Mins to explain fear and worry are linked 
 We Can Be the Heroes of This Story 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 June 2020 
 May 2020 
 November 2019 
 April 2019 
 June 2018 
 April 2018 
 August 2017 
 July 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 August 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 Book reviews 
 Change Job 
 Choice 
 Coincidences 
 Confidence 
 Divorced Men 
 Goals 
 Golf 
 Interviews 
 Life changing 
 Miss my kids 
 Photography 
 Relationships 
 Self help 
 Self Improvement 
 Separation 
 Success 
 Uncategorized 
 Video Book Reviews 
 VIDEOS 
 
 
 
 How To Change Your Life 
 
 
 
 How To Change Your Life 
 
 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 
 the ChangeYourLife blog  * Inspiring You To Make A Positive Change In Your Life 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
  the ChangeYourLife blog  
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
