Skip to content 
 
 __View menu 
 ____View sidebar 
 
 
 Green River College 
 
 
 News & Announcements 
 Employee Spotlights 
 Campus Engagement 
 Health & Wellness 
 Benefits 
 Staffing & Career Opportunities 
 Training & Development 
 Workplace Safety 
 Public Records 
 Labor & Relations 
 
 Search 
 Search for: 
 Categories 
 
 Accreditation  (1) 
 Benefits  (57) 
 Campus Engagement  (117) 
 Diversity, Equity and Inclusion  (3) 
 Employee Spotlights  (240) 
 Health & Wellness  (51) 
 Labor & Relations  (11) 
 News & Announcements  (174) 
 Public Records  (3) 
 Staffing & Career Opportunities  (18) 
 Training & Development  (89) 
 Uncategorized  (88) 
 Workplace Safety  (54) 
 
 Tags 
 100 Grand   Accident Prevention   Archiving   Award   Awards   Benefits   Benefits That Matter   campus   Campus Engagement   Campus News   Careers   CERT   Chemicals   Conference   Contest   Culture   Disabilities   Distinguished Faculty   Diversity Equity & Inclusion   Emergency   Employee Assistance Program   Employee Spotlight   Employee Spotlights   EOC   Flu   Foundation   FSA   Fundraiser   Health   Health and Wellness   Health Plan   Holiday   Holidays   In-Service Day   Information Technology   Lab   Labor & Relations   Learning   Life Insurance   LinkedIn   Mediation Center   Medical   Mental Health Awareness   Morgan Challenge   MSDS   News   Online Course   Opening Week   Pain   PEBB   Physical Wellness   Presentations   Professional Development   Recruitment   Retirees   Retirement   Retirement Social   Safety   Safety Tips   SDS   Service Awards   SmartHealth   Spot Recognition   Staffing   Stress   Students   Summer Hours   The Morgan Challenge   Training   Training and Development   Well-Being   Whistleblower   Workplace Safety   Workshop   Years of Service 
 AUTHORS 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 Address 
 12401 SE 320th Street 
Auburn, WA 98092-3622 
 Tag / Careers 
 July 19, 2018  by  Korland Simmons 
 Come follow us!! 
 
 Campus Engagement ,  News & Announcements ,  Staffing & Career Opportunities 
 Campus Engagement ,  Careers ,  News ,  Staffing 
 Leave a comment 
 
 Do you know someone who is looking for employment? Come follow Green River HR at Twitter! While our job postings are always available via the GRC website and the Gatornet, our Twitter account is a great way for you to push out job postings to those who follow you. 
 In addition to job postings, our Twitter feed includes information that we release to you about our campus happenings (new employees, events, celebrations, etc.). With your follows and retweets, we can let more of the public know what makes Green River College so special. 
 Click the link below to follow our Twitter feed and share the Gator spirit! 
 @greenriverhr 
 October 5, 2017  by  Korland Simmons 
 Continuing Ed opportunity - Supervision Certificate Program 
 
 News & Announcements ,  Staffing & Career Opportunities ,  Training & Development 
 Careers ,  Learning ,  Training and Development 
 Leave a comment 
 
 written on behalf of Mike Nielsen, Director of Corporate and Continuing Education 
 Would you like to develop your leadership, communication, motivation and problem-solving skills? Continuing Education is offering a 6-session certificate course in supervision. This daytime class meets from 9am-4pm (Thursdays) and will help you acquire the interpersonal skills needed to interact successfully in a supervisory role. Topics include turning negative situations into positive outcomes; identifying your leadership traits through personal assessment; leading effective meetings; providing feedback; establishing priorities; problem-solving techniques, and more! Earn the certificate by taking the courses individually or register for the series and save. Classes begin on  October 12!! 
 Green River College employees are eligible for a 33% discount ($399) on the series cost of $599! Classified and exempt employees may use development funds to defray class costs. Sign up at the link below. 
 Supervision Certificate (6 Class Series) 
 May 7, 2015  by  Korland Simmons 
 Cool Tool for Your Green River Tool Belt - Part 1 
 
 Staffing & Career Opportunities 
 Careers ,  HERC ,  Job Search 
 Leave a comment 
 
 I admit that I am a fanatic of cool tools. I become extremely excited to test new Do-It-Yourself Tools, electronic gadgets, websites or software. (The Gallup Organization says that is the "Learner" in me but I will talk about that another day). Today, I want to share a cool recruitment tool to put into your Green River Tool Belt called  Higher Education Recruitment Consortium  or HERC. Like any new tool, let's put HERC to the test! 
 What is HERC? 
 I like know a little information about the company that creates the tool I am testing. HERC is a non-profit consortium of over 600 colleges, universities, hospitals, research labs, government agencies, and related non-and-for profit organizations. Consortium members share a commitment to hiring the most diverse and talented faculty, staff, and executives. That is awesome! Additionally, it is a gateway to more jobs in higher education and related filed than any other site! 
 Cool Features You Can 't Find Easily! 
 HERC features a Dual-Career Search tool that permits job seekers to enter in search job search criteria for themselves and for their partner/friend. They can drill down their search to keywords, job type, discipline, and organizational type. The really neat distinctive characteristic is the built in ability to identify specifically how far the jobs that meet both search criteria can be from each other! Now that is cool! 
 Next week, I will talk about HERC's job alerts, diversity resources, and webinars! 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
