
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to primary sidebar 
 Skip to footer 
 
 These 10 Industries Hire The Most Remote Workers.  FREE Guide. Close Top Banner 
 Additional menu 
 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Work From Home Happiness 
 Actionable Advice from Ashlee Anderson 
 
 Career Coaching 
 
 30-Minute Career Q & A 
 60-Minute Career Clarity & Direction 
 Resume Writing 
 The Effortless Remote Job Search 
 
 
 Career Paths
 
 Bookkeeper 
 Content Marketer 
 Medical Billing & Coding 
 Medical Transcription & Editing 
 Proofreader 
 Transcription 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Writer 
 
 
 Resources 
 Now Hiring 
 Blog 
 About 
 
 Newsletter Sign Up 
 Get In Touch 
 Disclosure Statement 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Start Here. 
 
 Remote Jobs Hiring Right Now: 10 Companies To Choose From 
 March 30, 2020 by  Ashlee Anderson   6 Comments 
 __Tweet 
 __Pin 4K 
  __Share 141 
  __Share 
 5K Shares 
 It's a bit of a strange time right now. With social distancing in effect it probably seems like a bad idea to start (or continue) a job search. But that simply isn't the case for remote job seekers. 
 Since the entire remote hiring process is done virtually -- including interviewing and onboarding -- remote-friendly companies can carry on with business as (almost) usual. This includes posting open positions and bringing on new hires. 
 That means there are still remote jobs hiring right now, even during the middle of a pandemic. Here are 10 companies with a lot of options to inspire your own remote job search. 
 1. Blue Fox 
 Blue Fox is an accounting firm. It specializes in working with nonprofits. Currently, Blue Fox is in need of a Client Ally to join their virtual team. This position is a unique combination of accountant and customer service representative. Learn more about this (and other) remote jobs hiring right now at  Blue Fox Career Page . 
 2. Mozilla 
 Mozilla is a remote-friendly company. It has headquarters in San Fransisco, but many of its employees work remotely. You probably know Mozilla for its apps and browser like FireFox and Pocket. Right now, Mozilla needs a Customer Experience Specialist to work with Pocket users. Check out this remote job (and many more) on  Mozilla's Jobs Page . 
 3. Allegis Transcription 
 Fun fact: One of my very first remote jobs was as a legal typist. As it turns out, transcription work is in demand and offers a good deal of flexibility. That's because most remote transcription jobs are freelance or contract which allow you to set your own schedule. Allegis Transcription has remote jobs hiring right now for part time and freelance typists. Think you have what it takes? Learn more about this entry-level typing position over at  Allegis Transcription Job Opportunities . 
 Want to find out if transcription is right for you? Take the  free 7-day general transcription course  at TranscribeAnywhere. 
 4. Magellan Health 
 Want to learn about  healthcare careers you can do from home ? Be sure to check out Magellan Health. This healthcare and pharmaceutical management company regularly has remote jobs posted on its  Career Page . 
 5. Outlier.org 
 Outlier.org is an education company. It's on a mission to create online education that is affordable and accessible for everyone. While Outlier has headquarters in Brooklyn, it often hires remote workers for content creation. These jobs are contract and flexible. Find out more about remote-friendly positions at Outlier.org  Hiring Page . 
 6. Franciscan Health 
 Franciscan Health has 12 hospitals and dozens more clinics and facilities throughout the US. While not all positions at Franciscan Health are remote jobs hiring right now, there are many healthcare career paths posted for telecommuters. Be sure to regularly browse the  Franciscan Health Hiring Page  to see what's available at any given time. 
 Healthcare is one of the most in-demand remote career fields. Now you can  train online  to become a medical billing and coding professional in about one year. 
 7. Clevertech 
 Clevertech is a  fully distributed company . That means all of its employees have the freedom to work from the location that works best for them. Right now, Clevertech is on the hunt for a number of different remote workers to join their team. Find out what they are at  Clevertech's Remote Job Opportunities Page . 
 8. Hopper 
 Hopper is a travel app. Its aim is to make booking travel faster and easier for all users. While Hopper has roots in Canada, it often advertises remote jobs throughout North America. Stop by  Hopper's Jobs Page  to see what remote jobs are available right now. 
 9. GitHub 
 Another remote-forward company that's currently hiring is GitHub. GitHub is the place to go if you want to share code. Although GitHub is a developer company, it has remote positions available in all different departments. Learn more about  various GitHub jobs  and how you can apply. 
 10. Zoom 
 If you weren't familiar with it before, you probably are now! Zoom is a leader in the video conference arena. This communications company helps connect coworkers and classmates through video meetings and webinars. Check out remote jobs hiring right now at Zoom, including phone sales and compliance specialist roles, on its  Hiring Page . 
 Start Your Remote Job Search Today 
 For remote job seekers, not much has changed. Remote-friendly companies are used to conducting business in a virtual environment, hiring included. This means you can still find hundreds of remote job leads every day. 
 Now is as good a time as ever to start your remote job search and finally transition to full time telecommuter. Check out my online course,  Jump Start Your Remote Job Search , to find learn more about finding and landing the right remote job for you. 
 Happily, 
 Ashlee Anderson, CPCC 
 __Tweet 
 __Pin 4K 
  __Share 141 
  __Share 
 5K Shares 
  __Tweet 
 __Pin 4K 
  __Share 141 
  __Share 
 5K Shares 
 Filed Under:  Find A Remote Job  Tagged With:  remote jobs April 2020 ,  remote jobs hiring right now ,  work from home April 2020 ,  work from home jobs April 2020 
 About Ashlee Anderson 
 Ashlee Anderson is a Certified Professional Career Coach (CPCC) specializing in remote work. She's on a mission to help job seekers ditch their daily commute in favor of telecommuting. 
 Reader Interactions 
 Comments 
 
 Syn says 
 
 April 8, 2020 at 12:18 am 
 Hi how are you ? Currently need a lot of help with finding remote positions. I will give these try but I was wondering if you have additional. Email below m. Thanks. 
 
 Kevin Bricker says 
 
 April 9, 2020 at 3:38 pm 
 Thank you Ashlee. 
I forwarded your email to my daughter in Washington state who is a single mom & been out of work for the past 6 months. 
 
 Anonymous says 
 
 May 4, 2020 at 1:03 pm 
 thank you. very helpful article. Thank you for helping me. 
 
 Serge says 
 
 May 4, 2020 at 1:06 pm 
 thank you. very helpful article. Thank you for helping me. 
 
 Serge says 
 
 May 4, 2020 at 2:56 pm 
 So much useful information, I don’t know where to start. It’s a pity that without experience I’m not starting to start working. 
 
 Alladdine  says 
 
 May 17, 2020 at 3:03 am 
 Thank you so much for this helpful list, I'll definitely add it to my remote jobs list. 
Do you know of any other companies that would hire marketing specialist. I would really like to find some to start with. 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. 
 Comment 
 Name 
 Email 
 Website 
 Primary Sidebar 
 Hi. I'm Ashlee. 
 Ashlee Anderson is a Certified Professional Career Coach (CPCC) specializing in remote work. She's on a mission to help job seekers ditch their daily commute in favor of telecommuting.  Read More… 
 
 
 
 
 Work with Me 
 
 Browse Around 
 Search this website 
 Footer 
 Search this website 
 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 (C) 2021 *  Work From Home Happiness  *  Privacy Policy 
