v 
 
 
 
 Cannabis Jobs 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Cannabis Careers 
 
 
 Cannabis Consulting 
 
 
 Services 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 Cannabis Jobs 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Cannabis Careers 
 
 
 Cannabis Consulting 
 
 
 Services 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 Cannabis Careers 
 Work in Cannabis aligns with industry leaders providing candidates multiple career opportunities and a place for employers to find great talent. 
 Social Equity Applicant Job - Cannabis Cultivation Gardener Level I 
 Full-Time - Chicago, IL 
 POSTED: 02.20.2020 
 APPLY NOW 
 Job Description 
 We are seeking a Cannabis Cultivation Gardener who has been adversely impacted by the enforcement of cannabis-related laws in Illinois. This includes those who currently reside in disproportionately impacted areas* as well as those who have been arrested for, convicted of, or adjudicated delinquent for any offense that is eligible for expungement under the Cannabis Regulation and Tax Act**. Members of an impacted family may apply as well***. 
 A Cannabis Gardener Level I oversees and manages personnel to perform all the tasks necessary to grow various strains of quality medical marijuana in a large-scale indoor cultivation facility. Perform all the tasks in the cultivation facility including; cloning, transplanting, feeding plants, defoliation, super cropping, topping, flushing, foliar and preventative sprays, trimming, packaging, waste disposal, and inventory management for a large commercial facility. Gardeners work in close collaboration with the engineering team on the implementation of first-class systems to maintain proper temperature and humidity controls for a healthy environment that eliminates the risk of mold, powdery mildew, etc. 
 The law defines the following terms as such: 
 * “disproportionately impacted areas” means a census tract or comparable geographic area that: 
 (1) meets at least one of the following criteria: 
 (A) the area has a poverty rate of at least 20% according to the latest federal decennial census; or 
 (B) 75% or more of the children in the area participate in the federal free lunch program according to reported statistics from the State Board of Education; or 
 (C) at least 20% of the households in the area receive assistance under the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program; or 
 (D) the area has an average unemployment rate, as determined by the Illinois Department of Employment Security, that is more than 120% of the national unemployment average, as determined by the United States Department of Labor, for a period of at least 2 consecutive calendar years preceding the date of the application; and 
 (2) has high rates of arrest, conviction, and incarceration related to the sale, possession, use, cultivation, manufacture, or transport of cannabis. 
 ** “Offenses eligible for expungement under the Cannabis Regulation and Tax Act” include possession of cannabis up to 500g or the manufacturing and delivery of up to 30g of cannabis. 
 *** “Member of an impacted family” means an individual who has a parent, legal guardian, child, spouse, or dependent, or was a dependent of an individual who, prior to the effective date of the Act, was arrested for, convicted of, or adjudicated delinquent for any offense that is eligible for expungement under this Act. 
 Education/Experience 
 The Cannabis Gardener Level I position requires a minimum of 5 years of cultivation experience and at least two years in both a commercial operation and supervisory role to understand the day-to-day requirements of the job. Expertise in the medical cannabis industry is highly desirable but not required. Must be 21 years old and pass a criminal background check. 
 How to Apply 
 For consideration, please click the "apply now" button to upload a resume, cover letter and fill out necessary personal information. 
 Job Categories: Manufacturing/ Distribution 
 Job Types: Full-time 
 Salary: Apply for Salary Details. Salary commensurate with the education level completed, professional experience, and demonstrated knowledge. 
 ABOUT THE JOB 
 DETAILS 
 
 Manage a large-scale warehouse with a crew of 10 employees 
 Develop and/or maintain grow warehouse protocols and nutrient regiment 
 Give individual plants tailored attention based on need 
 Manage plant scheduling to project all garden needs on a daily, weekly, and monthly schedule to keep the garden green and expenses low. 
 Catalogue and analyze strains and individual plants from clone to harvest 
 Clone and manage vegetation with a minimum 90% success rate 
 Execute preventative maintenance to eliminate mold, powdery mildew, spider mites, root aphids, fungus gnats, etc. 
 Maintain a clean and organized work environment. 
 Mastery of Ebb & Flow, DWC and Aeroponics growing methods, including an in-depth knowledge of PH; PPM and EC counts. 
 Mastery of soil growing methods including micronutrients, beneficial bacteria and nutrient implementation. 
 Working knowledge of container systems using soil and hydro. 
 Expert knowledge of plant diseases, insects and fungi, as well as treatments. 
 Research techniques to expand knowledge of individual strains, high-yield recipes, controlled stress environments, different lighting systems and set ups. 
 Comprehensive knowledge of strains and a mastery of medicinal implementation and administration. 
 Assist state and local government auditors and law enforcement with inventory, sales and compliance audits. 
 Facility maintenance and troubleshooting as necessary. 
 
 REQUIRED SKILLS 
 
 5 or more years of growing experience. 
 At least 2 years of commercial growing experience 
 2 years supervisory experience 
 Knowledge of nutrient requirements, mediums, light requirements, temperature control, airflow, etc. 
 Knowledge of plant diseases, insects, fungi, and plant treatment options. 
 Physical aptitude and health to perform manual labor tasks required for the management of the facility. 
 Advanced knowledge of the cannabis plant and genetics. 
 Ability to provide grow resume, pictures and portfolio at interview. 
 Extensive knowledge of organic cultivation methods. 
 Horticulturist preferred but not required 
 Unblemished Background 
 Ability to present a professional image to state regulators 
 
 APPLY NOW 
 Drop us a line! 
 Get in touch with us! 
 Please Fill Out The Application Below 
 Your Name (required) 
 Your Email (required) 
 About / Position 
 Upload Resume 
 Message 
 Please leave this field empty. 
 Time limit is exhausted. Please reload CAPTCHA.  −   =  two 
 __ 
 Cannabis is our passion! 
 Powered by  Quantum 9 
 Fill Out Application 
 Please Fill Out The Application Below 
 Your Name (required) 
 Your Email (required) 
 Position 
 Upload Resume 
 Cover Letter 
 Please leave this field empty. 
 Time limit is exhausted. Please reload CAPTCHA. five  +   = 
 × 
