  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
 WordPress 
 
 WordPress Freelance Jobs From Colombia 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Find the best freelance  WordPress Developers  from  Colombia 
 ](https://www.workana.com/freelancers/colombia/wordpress) 
 Almost an hour ago 
 Website (Easy) 
 Published: Almost an hour ago  Bids: 4 
 Hi! I want to quickly set up a website for a real estate consultant company. I want something VERY simple (see example1).  This project shouldn't take longer than 6 hours (the example website my old guy did within 4 hours). 
 Pictures can be taken for google and the different tabs I want is only the following ones: 
- Home 
- Consultant service: For example(Sales & Marketing, Strategy, Customer Experience) 
- About Us 
- Case study 
- Partners 
- Contact 
 
 Inspirational website 
 
 
 http://www.realestateconsultancy.co.uk/ 
 https://www.stratosphere-ltd.com/ 
 
 I mainly want the website to be good enough for a quick over view. I need the website to be done within Wednesday/Thursday. 
 Example1:  https://www.stratosphere-ltd.com/ 
Example2:  https://www.bain.com/industry-expertise/infrastructure-construction-building-products/real-estate/ 
 For more information text me. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Small change or bug 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  M. E. D. Colombia Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 100 - 250 
 2 weeks ago 
 Trafficbots 100 -1000 users on stripchat and chaturbate.com they ca... 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Bids: 1 
 Descripción: 
Im looking for person who will build bot or app or know how to generate people/viewers to room on  chaturbate.com  and  stripchat.com  I need about 100-1000 people. They can be fake. 
 Software can be delivered as service or program. 
 What is should be able to do : 
Creating users on the site. 
Saving the accounts for reuse. 
Rotating names of bots 
Entering a room as Registered and not registered user 
Able to add own usernames in a list/database. 
 Able to handle multiple rooms. 
Able to be scheduled. 
Able to use a different proxy for every user in viewing and creation. 
 Entering a room throttled. (Like 500 user enters in 30 minutes in random pauses) 
To keep bandwith low switch of the video. (If it will be a program). 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new custom site 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have an idea 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Other (Other APIs) 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  G. R. Last reply: 2 weeks ago  Colombia 
 USD 100 - 250 
 Last month 
 Need to redact article in spanish 
 Published: Last month  Project duration: 1 - 4 weeks Bids: 16 
 Hello, I need to redact article in spanish for my wordpress website. 
I need freelancer with Perfect spanish. 
Work is write 5 per day articles about 500 words - + ilustration pictures + Seo ready 
Regard 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Writing for websites 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 Published by:  O. Colombia Payment method:  __Verified 
 Less than USD 10 / hour 
 Last month 
 Software Developer for fast growing start-up 
 Published: Last month  Bids: 7 
 At Torre ( http://torre.co) , we're building the platform and network to power the future of recruitment and we believe making full use of advanced AI is the best way to do so. It's an ambitious effort (view our deck  https://torre.docsend.com/view/c6pecie).  We've made significant progress and we're gaining solid traction (you're experiencing it right now!). 
To get there, we need to build an amazing product. To both accelerate and deal with our growth, we're looking for former tech entrepreneurs for the Senior Software Engineer role. 
 Compensation depends on the candidate's technical and entrepreneurial experience (therefore, the wide range we offer). All roles get stock options. 
 We hire entrepreneurs because they have an innate inclination to do whatever it takes to succeed. Entrepreneurs have a passion for taking calculated risks. In fact, most senior members of our team are former entrepreneurs. 
 If you recently left the company you founded, but you still like being entrepreneurial, working alongside some of the best practitioners in their field, rising to meet significant challenges, paying great attention to detail, and leading others to their full potential, this opportunity is for you. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  L. M. Colombia 
 Over USD 3,000 
 Last month 
 Creation of virtual store 
 Published: Last month  Bids: 11 
 I'm looking for designer who create a virtual store with sign ups, profiles creations, wishlists, coupons and more. With american or foreign pay buttons. Creation of products catalog. 
 I will tell you more as you tell me about your experience with foreign virtual stores. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : E-commerce 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new store 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Roles needed  : Designer, Developer 
 Published by:  K. Colombia 
 Over USD 3,000 
 2 months ago 
 Word Press and Elementor Help 
 Published: 2 months ago  Bids: 6 
 I am looking for someone with web development experience to help with some issues my website is having with wordpress and elementor. For now there are a certain number of specific tasks but if the candidate shows a demonstrated ability to improve the website we would consider hiring on a recurring basis. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : Not applicable 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Other (Other APIs) 
 Roles needed  : Developer, Designer 
 Published by:  S. Last reply: 5 days ago  Colombia Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 50 - 100 
 2 months ago 
 Debuging and optimization of Wordpress + Jupiter Theme 
 Published: 2 months ago  Bids: 11 
 We have a website created with the Jupite Theme, but after some working on it now has some errors, and bugs, that need to be fixed. 
 Those include, 
Critial error to get into the wp-admin 
not updating of the theme 
price not showing on the product page 
Transalation of the whole page need to be set up. 
Some minor display adjustments of the theme.- 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Wordpress 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Setup software bundle 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  D. E. Last reply: 2 months ago  Colombia 
 USD 50 - 100 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
