
 Home 
 My Coaching 
 Why this site? 
 Useful Links 
 
 [ 
 
 ](https://insideministry.wordpress.com/) 
 February 7, 2012 
 Equipping: The Leader's Job 
 By  John Herring 
 
 Image via Wikipedia 
 One of the biggest mistakes I have made through the years in ministry is 'doing' ministry rather than equipping others to do ministry. I would often tell myself, "I'm the only one who can do this", or "If I want it done right, I have to be in the middle of it." One of the biggest traps was feeling that "This is what is expected of me in this position." I've talked to many other ministers who have fallen into the same traps. It seems as though we have a martyr complex or an extreme need to feel needed. This drives us to 'do' more than we should and 'equip' others less. We rationalize that everything I am doing are good things. And the truth is they probably are good things. But your good things may be someone elses 'God' things. By not letting go we overwork ourselves and rob someone else of what they were made to do. On the bright side, this leads to a type of job security when we make ourselves indispensable. But this is a short term approach to ministry because we can't keep up this pace. This is why out of every 10 who start out in ministry, only 1 will actually retire in ministry. 
 So I have decided that, as best I can, I am going to do ministry as scripture outlines in  Ephesians 4:11-16 . Verses 11 and 12 are worth spending some time exploring, because these verses help those who are pastors and teachers understand their purpose. I am going to work hard at replacing myself in ministry so that I can continue to build others up and help them become who God made them to be. I am going to 'do' less and 'equip' more. This doesn't mean that I am taking the easy way out. It is actually harder at times to let go and equip than it is to just 'do it yourself'. But I am not looking for a short term solution. I desire to build and invest in His kingdom and see results that will outlive me. 
 I have kept a portion of a page copied out of a study bible posted in a visible place on my desk to remind me of what it is I am supposed to be doing. Below is what I copied. (I would site the source, but I am not sure which bible it came from.) 
 Equipping is a tough job, much harder than shepherding. The leader is to equip others for ministry. Paul explains the goal for the shepherd (Ephesians 4:12) and the goal of the sheep (4:13), he then describes the result (4:14-16). If leaders wish to equip their people they must give them certain gifts: 
 
 I must CARE for them (Communication, Affirmation, Recognition, and Example). 
 I must work on their weaknesses, but work out their strengths. 
 I must give them myself (time, energy, and focus). 
 I must give them ownership of the ministry. 
 I must become a resource person (atmosphere, training, support, tools). 
 I must make expectations clear. 
 I must eliminate unnecessary burdens. 
 I must catch them doing something good, then reward them. 
 
 As we let go of more things, there will be a season where it may not be done as well as we could have done it. But I have found that to be a very short season. Usually I find that those I have equipped end up 'doing' the ministry better than I could have. We need to start looking at the things we do and begin asking ourselves, "Is there someone else in my church that could start 'doing' this role or that area?" As we begin to hand off different portions of ministry it will allow us to focus on being better at the few things that only we can do. You will enjoy developing others to be who God made them to be. 
 Related articles 
 
 Organizing your Volunteers  (insideministry.wordpress.com) 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Pocket 
 Tumblr 
 Reddit 
 Pinterest 
 Email 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 About John Herring 
 I've been in ministry for almost 20 years. In that time, I have had the opportunity to serve in a variety of roles including, Student and Children's Pastor, Worship and Media Pastor, Education/Small Groups Pastor, Associate Pastor, Church Administrator, Missions Pastor and 'other duties as assigned' Pastor. Many of these have been within the same church and I have had the opportunity to see a variety of changes and transitions in ministry over the past 20 years. I enjoy coaching, consulting, mentoring and investing in leaders to see them become who it is God created them to be. As I do all of these, I am also in transition from where God had me to where He is taking me and enjoying learning more about Him in the journey. I am blessed to have been married to a beautiful godly woman, Alisha, for 11 years and have 2 amazing kids. I continue to learn more about them, myself and God every day.   View all posts by John Herring  
 This entry was posted on Tuesday, February 7th, 2012 at 12:07 pm and tagged with  Equipping ,  Leadership  and posted in  Ministry & Leadership ,  Ministry Development ,  Volunteers . You can follow any responses to this entry through the  RSS 2.0  feed. 
 
 « Stewardship doesn't just happen 
 Are you ready for people to Accept Christ? » 
 One response to "Equipping: The Leader's Job" 
 
 The value of a Ministry Rotation « 
March 7th, 2012 at 9:23 am 
 
 […] Equipping: The Leaders Job (insideministry.wordpress.com) Share this:TwitterFacebookLinkedInEmailPrintLike this:LikeBe the first to like this post. […] 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 
 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 
 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 This blog is moving 
 Relationships aren't Secondary 
 Multiplying Results 
 Creating Environments of Worship 
 5 Important truths for a Spiritual Leader 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 Administration 
 Assimilation 
 Building & Grounds 
 Care 
 Church Membership 
 Communication 
 Fellowship & Groups 
 Ministry & Leadership 
 Ministry Development 
 Missions & Outreach 
 Other thoughts 
 Prayer 
 Stewardship 
 Uncategorized 
 Vision 
 Volunteers 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 June 2013 
 April 2013 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 
 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Subscribe to RSS 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
