Skip to primary content 
 IRW 
 Help mate to businesses 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 IRW.ng 
 About 
 Contact 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous   Next -> 
 Dear Job Applicant 
 Posted on  August 24, 2018  by   IRW 
 Sending your CV to a recruiter is like asking someone you find attractive, engaging and beautiful to go out on a date with you. You want to show that person that you are worthy of their time and you put your best feet forward. You go out of your way to make sure you look the part you are projecting, you check and double check. 
 When applying for a job, have it at the back of your mind that you’re simply asking your recruiters to go on a date with you, the date being inviting you to an interview, so you have to pay attention to the little details that will help you make a good impression on the date. 
 Here are a few points that puts your feet at the door: 
 
 Addressing the Recruiter  : 
 
 You won’t like it, if someone called you by a name you don’t bear, you would rather that the person calls you by your name or address you as a Sir/Ma depending on which applies; 
 Most times the gender of a recruiter is not known when sending in your application, it is therefore safe and proper to address the recruiter as Dear Sir/Ma, and let the recruiter pick the one that is applicable to him/her. 
 **** 2. Go over your CV at least thrice and then give someone to go over it again  : 
 On the day you want to ask someone to go on a date with you, you will naturally dress carefully and meticulously and you will check yourself in front of the mirror over and over again to make sure you are looking your best. 
 Go over your CV, look out for grammatical errors and punctuation mistakes. Read it aloud, does it make sense to you? Do you think it represents you well? Does it project the right image of you? If your answer is a maybe or not really, don’t send it to the recruiter. Fine tune it till you have a resounding yes. 
 3. Use an email address that shows your name  : 
 When you use a ‘formal’ email address, you project maturity and responsibility. Sending a recruiter your CV is serious business therefore don’t down play it by using email addresses like  mummiespet@yahoo.com ,  boysfollowme@gmail.com ,  teas4me4life@ymail.com  etc. Instead use email address that reflects your name:  elujobaeni@ymail.com ,  damilolavictor@gmail.com . 
 4. Don’t snap and send your CV  : 
 Except otherwise stated, do not ever make the mistake of taking a picture of your CV with the intention of sending it to a recruiter. It projects irresponsibility and lack of respect for authority. Always send your CV in the format stated which is in usually PDF format and if otherwise stated, follow the instruction of the recruiter. 
 5. Make sure your CV is engaging  : 
 An engaging CV is one which takes the recruiter on a journey, which tells a story of where you have been professionally and the experiences you have gathered. It is not a long boring story, it is one that is concise and precise, chronological, well thought of and has a consistent theme. It is a document written with the sole aim of presenting oneself in the best possible light such that whoever reads it wants to meet and have a conversation with you. 
 Go all out to impress your date, not projecting falsehood but expressing your strength. Be comfortable in your skin for that is true confidence in it real essence, and confidence is really attractive. 
 To be continued…. 
 Do answer questions and drop your comment below. We will love to know what other point you will like to share 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  Recruitment  by  IRW . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
