If you're seeing this message, that means  JavaScript has been disabled on your browser  , please  enable JS  to make this app work. 
 Dismiss 
 Retail Sales Associate 
 Fleet Feet Tulsa/Broken Arrow](/careers/fleetfeetsports) Tulsa, OK 
 Share 
 
 
 $10.00 - $12.00 Hourly 
 
 
 Part Time / Full Time 
 
 
 Ask Us!, Employee Discounts 
 
 
 Employer Fairly Likely to Respond 
 
 
 The Rundown: 
 As an Outfitter (Retail Sales Associate), you are a key contributor to our brand’s success. We strive to inspire the runner (or walker or fitness enthusiast) in everyone by empowering anyone who runs, walks, or works out through social experiences and personalized solutions. Joining Fleet Feet is joining a team and a community that ignites and promotes running, fitness, and a healthy lifestyle. You will be part of a dynamic group that builds and maintains meaningful relationships with customers, vendors, and peers by listening to customer needs, providing personalized solutions, and, ultimately, outfitting them with everything they need to get started or keep going. We pride ourselves on putting people first and know that what we do each day does not happen anywhere else. We truly believe that what we do changes lives in a positive way! 
 Qualifiers: 
 
 Proactive learner and sound decision maker 
 Passionate, positive, self-motivated and detail-oriented 
 Accountable and adaptable 
 Outgoing and loves to talk with people 
 Does the right thing 
 Collaborative and customer-centric 
 Willing to go above and beyond when needed 
 Communicates professionally with customers and team members 
 Delivers the best customer experience by outfitting each customer that walks through our doors 
 Supports all Fleet Feet initiatives, activities, races, and functions 
 
 Perks: 
 
 High energy and fun atmosphere 
 Training and advancement opportunities within the local busines and within the Fleet Feet brand 
 Community involvement and community service activities 
 Training Program, Race entries, and Product discounts 
 Passionate team members 
 
 Flexibility: 
 
 Your flexibility with your schedule will be important since you will be required to work across all 3 of our stores. 
 
 Want to join our Team? 
 Are you looking to turn your passion into your career, work with like-minded people in a fast-paced, fun and customer-centric environment? Then we want you! 
 More positions available 
 Apply Now 
 Apply Now 
 Password must have at least 8 characters 
 Continue 
 Already have a Workpop account? 
 Don't have an email address? 
 or 
 Continue with Facebook 
 By continuing using any of the actions above you acknowledge that you have read and agreed to Workpop's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Workpop is the preferred hiring service for employers and candidates worldwide. 
