Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Linehaul Driver / Conducteur longue distance 
 Purolator 
 __Saint-Laurent, QC 
 Apply Now 
 Opportunities delivered 
Looking for an opportunity to learn and grow within Purolator? This is your opportunity to help us deliver on our customers’ promises. 
 Since its establishment in 1960, Purolator has become Canada’s leading integrated freight, package and logistics solutions provider. Our team operates under a strong set of corporate values that guide us in all we do for our employees. Purolator is an employer committed to offering our employees rewarding work with opportunities for collaboration and career development. We offer a competitive total rewards package that includes a Competitive Salary, Comprehensive Benefits Package and Pension Plan, an Employee Family Assistance Program, Employee Shared Ownership Program and Employee Discounts. 
 We believe that developing a winning team of employees is critical to achieving our vision of making Canada stronger by delivering our customers’ promises. Don’t miss this opportunity to be part of a national organization that plays a meaningful role in the lives of all Canadians. 
 Apply today! 
 Job Details:  Linehaul driver 
 Location:  Montreal Hub - 5000 Côte-Vertu, St-Laurent, H4S 2E7 
 Working Hours:  Variable 
 Employment Contract:  40 hours garanteed 
 Key Responsibilities: 
Responsible for transporting customer freight in an effective and efficient manner 
Complete deliveries and pick-ups in both urban and rural locations as assigned 
Perform daily pre-trip and post-trip vehicle inspections 
Manual usage and handling of pump truck 
Tail gate experience an asset 
Work various hours (morning, afternoon or overnight) as required 
Ability to solve problems as they arise while on road 
Build positive relationships with both our internal and external customers (dispatch, colleagues , managers) 
Comply with all Corporate Policies and Procedures 
Work in a safe manner at all times 
Maintain punctual attendance 
Shunt Duties as assigned 
 Key Requirements: 
 Valid Driver 's License:  Class 1 
Clean Driving Abstract (please upload a current driver's abstract with your resume) 
Must successfully pass written & road test(s) 
Must successfully pass Defensive Driving course 
Must successfully pass Courier Methods training course 
Ability to read maps; Good sense of geographical direction 
Must be able to handle LTL freight and skids 
Ability to lift and/or carry up to 70 lbs. 
Successfully complete a criminal record check and employment verification to qualify 
Obtain a clear Police Clearance Certificate when required 
 Qualifications: 
Strong customer service skills 
Strong organizational skills 
Problem solving 
Proper scan and load techniques 
Exemplifies and consistently demonstrates our core competencies of customer focus, communication, collaboration, trust and self-development 
 POSTING DETAILS 
 Location:  565 - Montréal Hub 
 Working Conditions:  On the Road; Warehouse Environment 
- 
 Purolator is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity and inclusion. We consider all qualified applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, Aboriginal/Indigenous status or any other factors considered discriminatory. If you require an accommodation during the recruitment process, we will work with you to meet your needs. 
 We recognize that our employees and their families are key stakeholders. We will only be successful as a business if we provide our employees with a safe and healthy workplace and if we have the right people in the right roles with the support they need to succeed. We hire for attitude and train for skills. To learn more about us and our values, go to www.purolator.com. 
 At Purolator, every day is an opportunity for our employees to connect with one another and with our customers to help make a positive impact in the communities where we live, work and play. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
