Skip to content Skip to navigation 
 Lolsys Library 
 Fun blogs about the wonderful world of books and learning! 
 Never send in a boy to do a mans job 
 Never send in a boy to do a mans job… 
 by  Lolsy's Library May 4, 2014 
 This week has been pretty up and down for me. I was doing really well, had a amazing birthday party, had a amazing birthday. Then for some reason the rest of the week it's been coming down and I have been at a complete lost as to what to do or who to talk too. I tried talking to some friends about it, but then one of them hijacked the conversation to talk about themselves…again. I do not open up very easily and when they did it, it shut me down again. 
 So as you can probably guess by the title…I have guy issues and I have no idea how I keep ending up in them! I have taken myself off of Facebook for a while to figure myself out and figure out how to take my next step. Now I am taking time to ask my male friends what I should look for in a guy who really likes me versus a guy that just wants one thing and doesn't actually care. Every time I meet these guys, the first time it is so much fun and I don't necessarily want to date them, but it is nice to have someone to have fun…and then it always just goes downhill from there and yet their friends always adore me! So I always end up stuck between needing to be civil to stay friends with the other friends and wanting to kick them in male special region! 
 It'll be kind of like an emotional holiday. 
 Sometimes I wish these guys would just hug me and say there is nothing wrong with you. When I ask them why they are doing what they are doing, they either say absolutely nothing or "I don't know how to respond". I feel like it's the most frustrating thing ever! I want answers as to what I may be doing wrong, but am getting nowhere. As a lot of my friends have pointed out to me though a "Man" would never want a girl who does nothing else but taking selfies and talks about being drunk, getting drunk or thinking somehow being sober is some major achievement. I don't blame men…I just seem to have a terrible time picking out good ones. It is me. 
 I want to be in love again, I don't want to live in fear any-more ❤ Thank you for listening! 
 
 Uncategorized Advice   alcoholic   best friends   care   conversations   decisions   emotional holiday   fear   friends   good men   guy problems   hug me   It is me   Life   Love   love vs fear   Never send in a boy to do a mans job   Priority   relationship problems   self esteem   self reflection   take care of yourself 
 6 Comments 
 
 Home 
 Blog Challenges 
 
 52 Week Grateful Challenge 
 Unpopular Opinions 
 Vlogs 
 
 
 Funny Fact Friday 
 Magical Monday 
 The Libraries Lessons of Life 
 The Nerd Life 
 Weekly Random Literature Quotes 
 Random Thoughts 
 Single in a small city 
 
 Categories 
 Categories Select Category 52 Week Grateful Challenge Blog Challenges Funny Fact Friday Interesting Topics Learn something new every day (or week) Magical Monday Random Thoughts Single in a small city The Libraries Lessons of Life The Nerd Life Uncategorized Vlog Weekly Random Literature Quote 
 Upcoming Events 
 
 Winnie the Pooh Day  January 18, 2021 National Winnie the Pooh Day on January 18th commemorates author A.A. Milne’s birthday in 1882. 
 Museum Selfie Day  January 21, 2021 
 Library Shelfie Day  January 24, 2021 Every third Wednesday in January 
 Burns Night (UK/Scotland)  January 25, 2021 
 
 Goodreads 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Website Built with WordPress.com . 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
