  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Southwark, England 
 Rate:  Up to £27.27 per hour + ltd 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 Adoption Social Worker, Southwark 
 Adoption Social Worker, Southwark 
 We are currently recruiting for an Experienced Adoption Social Worker in Southwark, South East London. 
 The role is part time and working 3 days a week. 
 The role is to start ASAP and on a 3 month rolling contract. 
 What we are looking for: 
, We need someone with experience who understands the process and legislation surrounding adoption and how it works, 
, We need someone that can get running of the ground has a wealth of experience in Adoption. 
 , Working within systemic framework it is of importance that the successful candidate is able to respond within statutory guidelines and with timeliness to the needs of children, prospective adopters and adoptive families. 
 Your duties will include: 
, Statutory obligations, such as reviews, visiting families, prospective Adopters, managing caseloads, completing PAR Assessments and reviews. 
 , Work as an effective Team Player, bring an holistic approach to the Service. 
 , Managing risks; writing reports, undertake interviews, observations, assessments; work with other partner agencies; analytical reporting; case records and management information; experience of working with a diverse range of communities. 
 Essential Requirements: 
, Social Work qualification and registration 
, Previous experience as an Adoption Social Worker 
 Working with Service Care Solutions comes with many benefits, including - 
, A specialist consultant specific to you with a wide range of social work knowledge 
, Excellent and competitive rates of pay 
, An extensive range of exclusive Social Work vacancies available throughout the UK 
, Expert payroll service processed twice per week 
, Frequent job updates sent to you exclusively to meet your requirements 
, £250 bonus offered for referring a friend to any job role 
, Loyalty Bonus Scheme granting access to our rewards website which includes free gifts such as televisions, mobile phones and more 
 If you are interested in the role, or know of anyone who may be, please contact Nosheen at Service Care Solutions on 01772 208 964 or email Nosheen.Hussain@servicecare.org.uk 
 Service Care Solutions also offers a £250 referral bonus! So if you know of anyone who would be perfect for this position and they are placed into work, you will receive £250 for the referral once their probationary period has been completed! 
 Like us on Facebook and Follow us on Twitter for regular Job Alerts and advice. 
https://www.facebook.com/servicecaresolutionssocialwork 
https://twitter.com/ServiceCareSW 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  3 month+ 
 
 
 Rate:  Up to £27.27 per hour + ltd 
 
 
 Location:  Southwark, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Other 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208964 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-01 12:17:04 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Adults Social Worker, Modern Slavery and Forced Marriage 
 Adults Social Worker, Safeguarding, Tower Hamlets 
 Estates Surveyor 
 Care Assistant 
 Maintenance Surveyor 
 Social Worker, Discharge to Assess, Lewisham 
 Building Surveyor 
 Social Worker, SGO and Connected Carers, Southwark 
 Gas Engineer Domestic 
 Social Worker, Safeguarding and Family Support, Southwark 
 Adults Social Worker, Physical Disabilities, Ealing 
 Senior Social Worker, Court Team, Home working 
 Qualified Visual Impairment Officer, Kensington and Chelsea 
 Senior CP / CIN Social Worker, Lewisham 
 Team Manager, Early Help, Working from home 
 Child Protection Advisor 
 Administrator 
 Family Support Worker 
 Senior Practitioner - Safeguarding and Support 
 Adult Social Care Debt Management Project Lead 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
