Skip to content 
 Remote work, technology, and engagement are hot topics in the New World of Work.  Read our in-depth report 
   
 
 
 * #### Search form
 
 
 About Workable
 
 Home page 
 Product tour 
 Pricing 
 About us 
 
 
 HR Toolkit
 
 
   *         * #### HR toolkit overview
 
 
 
 
 
 [ 
 HR toolkit overview 
 Ready-to-go resources to support you through every stage of the HR lifecycle, from recruiting to retention. 
 ](//resources.workable.com/hr-toolkit) 
 *       *         * #### HR templates
 
 [ 
 HR templates 
 Banish the blank page for good with our 1000+ HR templates. Add a few personal touches and you’re good to go. 
 ](//resources.workable.com/hr-templates) 
   *         * #### Tutorials
 
 [ 
 Tutorials 
 Struggling with a task or project? Get clear, concise, up-to-date advice with our practical, step-by-step guides. 
 ](//resources.workable.com/tutorial) 
   *         * #### HR Terms
 
 [ 
 HR terms 
 Don’t let jargon stand between you and your to-do list. Get clear explanations of the most common HR terms. 
 ](//resources.workable.com/hr-terms) 
 *       *         * #### Search form
 
 
 Inside HR
 
 
   *         * #### Inside HR overview
 
 
 
 
 
 [ 
 Inside HR overview 
 Industry insights, new tech and tools, step outside the day-to-day demands of HR and keep pace with a changing world. 
 ](//resources.workable.com/inside-hr) 
 *       *         * #### Stories & insights
 
 [ 
 Stories & insights 
 Read the minds of our team of HR writers. What’s in, what’s out, and what’s around the corner—they’ve got the HR world covered. 
 ](//resources.workable.com/stories-and-insights) 
   *         * #### Hiring with Workable
 
 [ 
 Hiring with Workable 
 For every hiring challenge, Workable has a solution. Learn more about the features available and how they make each recruiting task easier. 
 ](//resources.workable.com/hiring-with-workable) 
   *         * #### Webinars & events
 
 [ 
 Webinars & events 
 Connect with our team of Workable experts and other industry professionals. Ask questions, find answers, get tips, and dig deeper into our product. 
 ](//resources.workable.com/webinars-and-events) 
 *       *         * #### Search form
 
 
 Backstage at Workable 
 Get a demo 
 Try for free 
 
 HR Toolkit  |  Tutorials  | 
 The Ultimate Guide To Job Posting 
 Before you get started posting jobs, take a moment to meet the modern jobseeker. They’re someone who looks in more than one place and is more mobile than ever before. Job boards are still  the number one destination  for active jobseekers but more than half of them are looking on social media as well — a share that will keep rising. 
 Content team 
 
 Meet the modern jobseeker 
 The modern jobseeker could be spending up to 15 hours a week looking and is just as likely to be using their smartphone as their laptop while doing so. More than half the traffic on Glassdoor, one of the world’s most popular job boards,  comes from mobile  with the group of 35-44 leading the way. And this is why employers who accept  mobile applications  are twice as likely to get high quality candidates as those that don’t. 
 This guide was created so as to give you a quick overview of job posting and help you bring those talented jobseekers to your doorstep. If you know the basics, you can navigate and jump into the topics you want: 
 
 Choosing the right job title for your open role 
 How to write a job description 
 How to post a job listing 
 Where to post a job for free 
 The best places to post jobs free and paid 
 Specialist job boards 
 How to post to multiple job boards for maximum impact 
 Tips for successful job candidate management 
 
 What are the different ways to attract candidates? 
 There is no magic bullet in recruiting. Instead there’s an exciting variety of channels and the challenge is to get the mix right. The starting point should be a great  careers page  that showcases what’s good about your company and the roles you’re hiring for. The next step is to take advantage of  social media  to spread the word that you’re hiring. Get everyone you work with involved with the help of a  referral program . Then turn to job boards where there are a host of free options for job posting, as well as  premium job boards , which if used right, are worth the money. 
 How do people collect and review applicants? 
 Even now some of the smartest companies are still hobbling their recruiting effort by using accounting tools to get it done. Spreadsheets are great for a lot of things. They suck as a hiring tool. Likewise email – which you can’t work without – becomes overwhelming when you’re hiring. The answer can be found in some of the great  hiring software solutions  that an increasing number of employers are turning to. Applicant Tracking Systems (ATS), like  Workable , are bringing the  advantages  larger organisations have long enjoyed when hiring and delivering them to smart companies of all sizes. 
 Do I need to hire a recruiter? 
 Hiring a recruiter isn’t always necessary but it can be a great shortcut. Here are some important points to bear in mind: 
 
 Look for recruiters who have hired for businesses like your own. 
 Look for recruiters who have hired for roles like the one you’re hiring for. 
 
 Contingent recruiters, who get paid when they deliver results, have become increasingly popular. The upside is that you only pay for what you get (typically one third of the hire’s annual salary). The downside is the cost and a possible conflict of interest. You want to hire great people. The recruiter gets paid when you hire someone. Bear this in mind. 
 Return to top 
 1. Choosing the right job title for your open role 
 Whichever job title you choose for your job advertisement, remember that it will be displayed in job listings, on your own website and in search results. While you might think of a job title one way, your candidates could be busy searching for something else. The answer is to do some research to make sure your title is something a jobseeker would look for on Google or Bing. While a designer might reasonably expect to search using the term “designer”, this won’t help them to find your posting if you’ve used the job title, “graphical ninja”. Clarity of writing comes from clarity of thought. 
 Tech tricks to inform your choice: 
 
 Go to the job board  Indeed  to check out the most searched job trends. 
 Use the  Google Keyword Planner , or if you don’t have an Adwords account one of these  free keyword tools . 
 
 Return to top 
 2. How to write a job description 
 First impressions count. For many jobseekers, the  job description  is where the relationship between employee and employer begins. Should this step turn into a stumble it’s all over very quickly. Job descriptions can alienate, demoralize and intimidate. They can also engage, motivate and inspire. To achieve the latter we need to revolutionize the way we think about this relationship. 
 We’re starting with a list of tips and tricks on how to write a job description, then we’ll break it down to provide specific guidelines for your company profile, requirements and benefits. 
 How to write a job description in 10 steps 
 
 Discuss the role with someone who already does this job, or its nearest equivalent within your organization, and get them to describe their average day. 
 Describe the role using words that feel inviting and evoke an emotional response. Resist the temptation to use jargon, buzzwords or a flat corporate tone. 
 Keep it short (but not too short) or it can become confusing. As a general rule, don’t use more than a half-dozen bullet points and don’t exceed 700 words. 
 Be specific. Vague meaningless prose won’t cut it here. Know your industry and where your company stands. Make sure you’re familiar with the role and what it consists of and spell it out. Add a start date to create a sense of urgency. 
 Think like an applicant. What would make you apply for the job? Is it just perks and benefits or the chance to work with a smart group of people? Perhaps it’s the clear career path, the opportunities to learn and add to your skills, the company’s vision or the way you do things. 
 Help applicants to picture themselves in the role. Share details of the team they could be working with on a regular basis; include quotes or links to social media accounts. 
 Leave out trivial tasks or minor details. It’s all about what’s important in the role. 
 Offer value. It’s not all about how great your company and the job you’re offering is. This is about the potential candidates. Share content that interests and attracts them, talk about knowledge, ideas, and working methods. 
 Don’t write job descriptions in isolation. Talk to other departments to gain their expertise, content writers for wordsmithing, marketing for promotional ideas, designers for smart-looking visuals. 
 Spell-check and proofread. And once you’re done, do it again. 
 
 Looking for more? Check out our ultimate and most updated list of how to write a good job description . 
 Your company versus all the companies out there 
 To stand out in a crowded market you need to  show some personality  in your company profile. Your company is a unique combination of people, culture and knowledge, and your target is to attract candidates who share your approach and values. Make a pitch. Tell them the story of where you are, how you got there and where you’re going. Invite your candidates to join you in getting there. 
 Make it visual; an image of your workplace, a video or a quote from one of your employees offers an inside look at your company. Two-thirds of jobseekers admit to being influenced by the presentation of a job ad.  Make yours memorable . 
 But don’t be  self-absorbed . Many ads brag about how special their company is, how they only employ the best. This can come across as boastful, which is a turnoff for some candidates and will make others suspicious or fearful of applying. Brevity is your friend, keep this part to no more than 200 words and focus on your candidate; what’s likely to capture their attention. 
 This job versus every other job out there 
 The two most common approaches when writing a  job description  are to present a detailed list of daily tasks or a vague run-through of responsibilities. Neither will  make the role compelling . Focus instead on deliverables and explain how these will contribute to the success of the business. 
 Here you can use bullet points (not a laundry list) that describe the nature of the work and how the role functions within the broader team. Rather than describing tasks, focus on the type of decisions they’ll be making, who they will be working with and reporting to. 
 The requirements list 
 You get what you ask for, so it’s tempting to go all out with a wish list. What you actually need is someone who can do the job and has the potential to grow. Candidates aren’t sitting on a shelf waiting to be picked. Distinguish between what you “want” and what you “need”. Come up with a list of 15 requirements. Read, rethink and cut the list in half. 
 A good approach is to rank skills by importance and frequency and be clear about it. Treating all skills as equal will demoralize jobseekers. The wrong emphasis could cost you good candidates who are concerned that they lack some skills which could really be picked up with a few hours basic training. Likewise don’t dwell too much on experience. Keep in mind that skills can be learned, people can be trained. 
 Benefits & perks 
 Here you can knock yourself out with as many bullet points as your actual benefits deserve. Still, you would be wise to focus on  what’s special about your company . Keep in mind that attracting people through perks isn’t  the best recruiting strategy . You’re looking for someone to meet the challenge and buy into the company as a whole, not a benefits shopper. 
 Make it easy to apply 
 We’ve all come across job ads that require a lot of patience to apply. Sending resumes to email addresses, filling out a bunch of fields with basic personal details or even worse rewriting your entire resume in individual form fields.  Don’t be that guy . The  candidates’ application experience  is important. 
 An Applicant Tracking System (ATS) that automatically fills in required fields and offers a simple resume upload  is all you need .  Screening questions  are useful and can weed out poor candidates to save you valuable time. A simple question like “What attracted you to this job?” can say volumes about the candidate. But go easy on open-ended questions that require candidates to write an essay. Multiple choice questions to check on skills and knowledge should be the default. 
 Worried about starting with a blank page? Try our job description templates , or jump right in and post your job to the  best job boards  today. 
 Return to top 
 3. How to post a job listing 
 You need to create some buzz around the job you’ve just published on your  careers page . To do this you want to get your listing noticed by the communities where the  passive candidates  hang out.  Linkedin  has scores of groups you can join, mention jobs in or initiate general discussions around the role, your company or the industry. 
 First things first. Does everyone on staff know you have just listed a new job? Share it across your company. If you don’t have a  referral system  in place we’d strongly advise you to set one up. Include a social sharing feature and give incentives to your staff to start sharing from their own social accounts. 
 An alternative is to create your own communities. Smart companies make sure they have created Facebook groups or a  Facebook Jobs tab , or even run a Facebook  ad campaign , with the sole purpose of  attracting potential candidates . Promote your  employer brand  through these pages and when you post a job you’ll have a talent pool of existing fans. Add as many touch points as possible between you and prospective candidates. 
 The top job boards 
 Posting your job on your careers page and social media is not enough. You need job boards. The leading premium job boards in terms of ROI (return on investment) are  LinkedIn ,  Craigslist ,  Indeed  and  Monster . 
 Some job boards, like  Indeed , also offer a free option as well as a paid.  SimplyHired  and  Glassdoor  offer  free  postings when you access them through an ATS like  Workable . For the most effective places to post your jobs, check out our  job board directory , which enables you to choose job boards based on industry, location, and cost (paid versus unpaid). 
 The best day to post a job 
 Don’t post your jobs on Friday evening, by Monday they’ll be last week’s news! Instead, wait until  Sunday evening or Monday morning  and advertise your roles when the candidates are most active. 
 Most job sites use freshness as a factor in ranking job search results. Plus, the new jobs of the day usually land in email updates and job board front pages, so getting there when the action is happening can get you up to double the candidates you’d receive on a slow day. 
 Return to top 
 4. Where to post a job for free 
 To keep costs low, share your job on social media – with a  well-thought-out strategy  – and harness the power of your best brand advocates: your employees. Wondering where to post jobs for free? Get word-of-mouth referrals for free by having your team share your job descriptions far and wide on Twitter, Facebook, and LinkedIn. 
 
 Twitter 
 Twitter  is the most open and transparent of these three social networks. In other words, you don’t have to be a Twitter user to read tweets. Putting your  job listing on Twitter  is a great way to connect with audiences you don’t already know. Help jobseekers find your listing by using relevant hashtags, such as #jobopening or #joblisting. You can even use industry-specific hashtags, such as #greenjobs, or location-specific hashtags, such as #bostonjobs. This  list of hashtags  is written for jobseekers but equally useful for recruiters 
 Facebook 
 Facebook  has more users than LinkedIn and Twitter and is by far the most popular social network. It’s designed for personal sharing and the best channel for employer branding. To  get the most traction from Facebook , intersperse job listings with photos and videos that feature your corporate culture. If you’re planning to do a lot of recruiting on Facebook, try  adding a Jobs Tab  to your page. This is a free, effective way to enable your audience to browse all your open jobs on Facebook. 
 LinkedIn 
 LinkedIn  is purely a professional network and a natural fit for recruiters. LinkedIn profiles are formatted much like a resume, with most of the same candidate data—education, work history, technical skills, and some extras, like recommendations and endorsements. This is what makes LinkedIn so effective for sourcing highly specific types of candidates. Although LinkedIn has paid job listings, you can also post  an open job  as a status update on your company page for free. 
 
 Talent pools and the power of referrals 
 IMPORTANT NOTE: Choose your social media channel based on where your target talent pool is likely to be. Communications professionals in fields like advertising, marketing, and PR, are likely to be active on Twitter. If you’re hiring for construction jobs, Twitter won’t be an effective recruiting channel for you. You’re not limited to these social networks either. For example, if you’re a lifestyle or fashion brand and primarily communicate with your audience through images, Instagram may be your best bet. 
 Try pairing social media with an  employee referral program . This is a warm, efficient way to reach your colleagues’ trusted contacts and make higher quality hires. Referrals are the number one source for hires, and social media provides employees with an easier, more personal way to share open jobs. Increase participation in the referral program with incentives. Gift cards, gadgets, and bonuses are popular, but feel free to get creative. 
 For example,  APAC Customer Services  had offered concert tickets as a reward for referrals. It was fun, but also smart, with the concert date functioning as a kind of countdown. When creating a referral program, think about the way your colleagues like to communicate, such as  Slack . 
 Where to collect your candidates 
 One efficient way to post to job boards is through an Applicant Tracking System (ATS). In addition to posting to  multiple job boards  and social networks with one submission, any applicants from those job boards will automatically be imported into your ATS. Hiring teams can work smarter, not harder, by  cutting email and spreadsheets out of the process  and storing all their candidate profiles and resumes in a  searchable database . 
 The best ATS options, including  Workable , offer you a simple  hiring pipeline  that makes sense of your recruiting tasks. 
 Return to top 
 5. The best places to post jobs free and paid 
 Get more eyes on your job listing today. With one click, post your listing to free job boards like Indeed, SimplyHired and Glassdoor. Workable integrates with numerous top job boards around the world. All you need to do is select the ones you want and we’ll do the rest. 
 Premium Job Boards 
 
 Indeed 
 Indeed  is a leader among job boards and is visited by nearly three-quarters of all jobseekers. The site also boasts substantial reach with over 4 million jobs posted  directly to Indeed.com . Indeed is also a job search engine that anyone can use for free. It takes jobseekers’ input, such as skills and location and then aggregates all matching jobs from thousands of other websites. 
 LinkedIn 
 LinkedIn  is the world’s largest professional social network, a powerful sourcing tool and a job board. LinkedIn enables recruiters to  create narrow searches  for candidates by parameters such as location, job title, industry and more. With more than 722 million users in total, LinkedIn has the largest user base. And they’re growing fast with 172,800 added per day. The site is also visited by a whopping 310m active users a month. 
 CareerBuilder 
 CareerBuilder  is both a job board and a destination for career advice. It operates in the United States, Europe, Canada and Asia and is visited by more than 24 million unique visitors a month. It has 3,200 partner sites in 60 countries. CareerBuilder is used by 80 million job applicants and each month it has 3 million job postings. 
 SimplyHired 
 SimplyHired , like Indeed, is a job search engine at its core. It is a highly-targeted pay per click job board that gets around 30 million unique visitors per month. SimplyHired is used by 3 million employers. When jobseekers search on SimplyHired, they’re able to discover jobs on the SimplyHired site, mobile app and numerous partner sites. 
 ZipRecruiter 
 ZipRecruiter  is used by over 1 million employers and 7 million active job seekers each month. They offer a speedy way to get candidates by enabling recruiters to post to more than 100 job boards with one click, in addition to having a job board of their own. 
 Monster 
 Monster  enables recruiters to  target jobseekers  in other countries, as well as through niche sites like Military.com, thousands of newspaper sites and social networks such as Twitter and Facebook. It’s a recognized name in job boards, having been around for 25 years. Monster also gets a ton of traffic with more than 926 million monthly unique visitors. 
 Portfolium 
 Portfolium  is a job board and a portfolio site that enables approximately five million students and recent graduates to get their work samples, video clips and skills in front of employers.  Hiring college talent  is not easy for recruiters but it is especially challenging for small businesses. Portfolium enables any company to look beyond resume keywords and effectively reach and hire college talent with verified skills. 
 StackOverflowCareers 
 StackOverflowCareers  is the careers platform of StackOverflow. It’s used by more than 100 million developers and technologists and is the trusted first destination of tech recruiters. Both employer profiles and developer profiles on this network are designed with the interests of developers in mind. In addition,  there’s more  for employers and recruiters to look at besides resumes. Recruiters look at code samples and interaction with other users to build a high quality pipeline of talent. 
 
 Free Job Boards 
 
 Glassdoor 
 Glassdoor  offers jobseekers free access to more than 70 million company reviews, interview questions, salary reports and more, all posted anonymously by employees. It allows hiring managers to post jobs free, and is quickly rising in popularity as a job board and recruiting site. Glassdoor enables employers to update their company info, see who is viewing their company profile and respond to reviews. Glassdoor gets 50 million visits monthly 
 Trovit 
 Trovit  is the leading classifieds search engine in Europe and Latin America. They have a presence in 57 countries and are available in more than a dozen languages. Jobs are one of their five major verticals and they partner with thousands of job boards and newspapers to help jobseekers be more efficient in their search. Trovit listings are highly visible as they are visited by 11 million unique users a month. 
 JobRapido 
 JobRapido  is a global job search engine similar to SimplyHired and Indeed. They conduct business in 58 countries with more than a thousand companies, have 85 million registered users and are visited by 35 million monthly users. They’re a frontrunner as far as job aggregators go and continue to expand in Europe and the rest of the world. 
 JobInventory 
 JobInventory  is a job search engine that eschews pay-per-click campaigns for a contributor program. This means that the search results provided to jobseekers are 100% organic. They offer a wide selection as they post jobs from all sources: employers, job boards and classified sites. 
 CareerJet 
 CareerJet  is a job search engine with a worldwide presence. They’re available in 28 languages and source job ads from nearly 60,000 websites around the world. They own and operate two other brands, Opcionempleo for Spanish language markets and Optioncarriere for French language markets. 
 Recruit.net 
 Recruit.net  is the leading search engine for jobs in the Asia Pacific region. Their search technology pulls jobs from corporate web sites, job boards, recruitment agencies, classifieds and more enabling jobseekers to quickly find millions of jobs. They also offer pay-per-click advertising, detailed analytics, and tracking for employers and recruiters. Recruit.net operates 18 localized websites in 6 major languages. 
 
 Looking for more? Check out our ultimate and most updated list with the best job boards . 
 Why you would pay for a job board versus free job boards? 
 Which job board is right for you and whether you should spend the extra on a paid job boards depends on a few factors: 
 
 The urgency of the hire – if you need to hire quickly you’re likely to find them faster by putting some money behind a paid or sponsored ad. 
 The type of role – some roles are simply harder to find candidates for. Take for example technology roles and often more senior hires. For this type of role you’ll often need to use a specialist/niche paid job board. The cost of the board will be justified by the quality of candidate it can attract. 
 Your location – if you are based in an area where there is high competition for candidates, a paid job ad can help you stand out from the crowd and make sure you’re speaking to the best people. 
 Ongoing hiring – as free job ads get old they fall down the rankings on job boards as newer jobs take the top spots. Simply reposting the same job on the same job board won’t get it listed back at the top. So if you’re hiring for a particular type of role over a long period of time you’ll keep your job ad fresh and the candidates flowing by paying for a job ad to keep it high on job board search results. 
 Cost control – how much you pay for job ads is completely customizable, especially with pay-per-click (PPC) options. Many job boards have PPC campaigns that you can use to target a highly specific audience. This means that you only pay when interested and suitable candidates view your job listing. 
 
 Never forget that a  badly written job ad  will never attract the best candidates whether you pay for an ad or not. So be sure that your job ad is  up to scratch before you start . 
 So a paid ad is always better? 
 Not necessarily. There are many jobs where the free job boards can perform very well. Indeed for example is the biggest job board in the world, its free version has a huge amount of candidate traffic and can provide great candidates. 
 You’ll need to decide which job boards are best for you on a role by role basis and whether paying for a job ad will work out better in the long run. 
 Try Workable free for 15 days , and see which job boards work for you. Post your job to multiple free job posting sites with one submission, and get discounts on premium listings. 
 Return to top 
 6. Specialist job boards 
 Specialist Job Boards, also referred to as niche job boards, trade on quality of candidates over quantity. Many have grown out of successful community sites or evolved into community hubs as well as listings sites. This is an introduction to some of the top job boards in their respective fields — or head straight to our job board directory for the full breakdown. 
 Industry-specific job boards 
 TECH AND PROGRAMMING 
 
 StackOverflowCareers 
 StackOverflowCareers  is the place to go if you’re looking for developers. Some 100 million devs and technologists use it every month. 
 Dice 
 Dice  the other tech job board giant with a database of more than 9 million tech resumes in the US. Has a cross-posting network and minimizes unqualified clutter due to its niche nature. 
 Github 
 GitHub  is a community of 50 million developers but it also has its own small job board. More often used to trawl for  passive candidates . 
 
 DESIGN 
 
 Dribbble 
 Dribbble  is a community that gives you access to designers’ portfolios and profiles. Plus you can post your jobs and connect with top talent. 
 Behance 
 Behance  is where some of the top brands post their creative jobs. It’s also the place where 10 million professionals showcase their works enabling you to take a peek before you decide. 
 
 HEALTHCARE 
 
 Doximity 
 Doximity  has attracted almost 75% of US doctors. It’s a professional network and a job board. You could call it a niche version of Linkedin. 
 HealthECareers 
 HealthEcareers  with 6,500 employers and more than 11,000 medical & healthcare jobs posted, this job board is guaranteed to provide you with qualified applicants. 
 
 SALES 
 
 Rainmakers 
 Rainmakers  attracts top performing salespeople, making it a leading sales career site and sales talent community. 
 
 RETAIL 
 
 AllRetailJobs 
 AllRetailJobs  board adds 4,000 resumes per month on their database and has more than 19,000 employers and recruiters using the platform. 
 
 HOSPITALITY 
 
 HCareers 
 HCareers  is the premier job board that covers all hospitality jobs (hotels, restaurants, travel etc). 
 
 MEDIA 
 
 Mashable 
 Mashable  has emerged as a global media company with 45 million monthly visitors and its  job board  is a go-to for digital talent. 
 
 FINANCE & BANKING 
 
 eFinancialCareers 
 eFinancial Careers  includes jobs in finance, accounting, banking and insurance and has an audience of more than 1m finance professionals. 
 
 Job boards for different types of work 
 FREELANCE/FLEX 
 
 UpWork 
 UpWork  (previously oDesk) is free and is for freelancers only. If you’re looking for one, check out their well-rounded database of 18 million freelancers. 
 FlexJobs 
 FlexJobs  is free and effective when it comes to flexible jobs. But only if you’re in search of part-time, telecommute or freelance employees. 
 WeWorkRemotely 
 WeWorkRemotely  is the job board without borders allowing you to narrow down talent that doesn’t have to be in the same location as you. 
 
 SEASONAL 
 
 Snagajob 
 Snagajob  is the largest resource for hourly employees. Has 100 million registered job seekers and 700,000 employer locations in the US and Canada. 
 
 INTERNSHIP/RECENT GRADS 
 
 Internships.com 
 Internships.com  is used by more than 80,000 employers that can post and manage their internship jobs for free. 
 Looksharp 
 Looksharp  is made for entry-level jobs and internships. 
 
 STARTUPS 
 
 AngelList 
 AngelList  will be familiar to most startups. More than 100,000 of them use it. Candidates get to apply privately and see salary and equity up front and startups get to access a huge list of developers and designers actively looking for a job. All for free! 
 
 Return to top 
 7. How to post to multiple job boards for maximum impact 
 Recruiting software (like an  Applicant Tracking System , or ATS) takes the hassle out of hiring by automating repetitive tasks and enabling you to keep everything you need to do your hiring in one place. Posting your job to multiple job boards and social media sites used to take hours. Now, it can be  done in a click . Your recruiting software may even offer discounted or free job listings with specific partner sites. 
 Get candidates in one place 
 As candidates apply through job boards, their application data flows directly back into your recruiting software, or Applicant Tracking System (ATS). Your ATS will organize each applicant’s resume and application materials, track how many candidates are applying to each listing and enable you to see how many candidates you’re moving forward in the  hiring process . You’ll also be able to discuss candidates with colleagues and keep all their communication on the  candidate’s timeline . 
 How to post jobs that will be seen everywhere 
 Maximize your reach by using the  job board integrations  offered by your ATS. Posting to  several job boards  at once is a great way to get more exposure, and more exposure means more applicants. Automating this task with an ATS saves time but also increases productivity. With an ATS, your hiring team can save hundreds of work hours you’d otherwise lose to filtering a large pool of applicants. This helps you identify top talent faster and focus on the more important work of choosing the best candidate for your job. 
 Return to top 
 8. Tips for successful job candidate management 
 You’ve posted your job and  applications are rolling in . Now, it’s time to start building a shortlist. Hiring processes vary from company to company, but generally your next steps for job candidates are  one-way video interviews ,  phone screening ,  assessments , in-person interviews and at the very end,  offer  and  onboarding , or  rejection letters . 
 
 In the United States the average cost per hire (including direct and indirect costs) is $4,129. (Source: SHRM) 
 
 How to collaborate with your hiring team 
 Close collaboration with your  hiring team  will result in more efficient processes for candidate management and a hire who fits better. Whether you are an in-house or agency recruiter, it’s a good idea to send regular updates to your clients or hiring team. Using  recruiting software  means you don’t have to stitch together spreadsheets, email and elaborate filing systems. Some tools provide seamless and customizable collaboration features so that you’re always in the loop. 
 Methods used to score candidates 
 Time to rank your candidates. There are different approaches that can be taken here. One way is to simply rank candidates between 1-5 stars based on a few key elements. Some useful things to look for are: 
 
 Initiative and drive 
 Trend of performance over time 
 Past accomplishments 
 Comparable experience and education 
 Problem-solving and analytical skills 
 
 How to move candidates through the process 
 It can be hard to pick up where you left off while managing multiple hiring pipelines. Use an Applicant Tracking System (ATS) to easily identify next steps and efficiently move candidates through the different stages of hiring. 
 The typical stages of the hiring process include “sourced”, “applied”, “phone/video screen” and “in-person/live interview”. The right system will enable you to disqualify candidates from the process or even move a candidate from one hiring pipeline to another for a different job. 
 Chances are you know this scenario: 
 You write a job ad then post it to every job board one at a time. Your inbox gets jammed with randomly formatted resumes. You forward the ones you’ve had time to read to colleagues. It gets messy so you try to track it on a spreadsheet. We like spreadsheets, they’re great for all sorts of things like metrics and accounting but they’re useless for hiring. 
 That’s why we made  Workable . A simple and powerful tool designed to help you hire better. Workable helps thousands of SMBs and Enterprises hire better candidates faster. Post to all the best free job boards with one click, share your jobs on social media and get discounts on premium listings. When the applications roll in, Workable keeps them all in one place, where you can browse and decide painlessly. Hiring made simple. 
 Related topics 
 
 HR Toolkit  |  Tutorials  | 
 [ 
 Designing a successful job offer strategy: a definitive guide 
 ](https://resources.workable.com/tutorial/successful-job-offer-strategy-guide) 
 
 HR Toolkit  |  Tutorials  | 
 [ 
 The Startup Hiring Guide: Hiring for rapid growth from 5 to 50 
 ](https://resources.workable.com/tutorial/the-startup-hiring-guide-your-playbook-for-rapid-growth) 
 
 HR Toolkit  |  Tutorials  | 
 [ 
 How to master recruitment in media 
 ](https://resources.workable.com/tutorial/recruitment-in-media-industry) 
 
 HR Toolkit  |  Tutorials  | 
 [ 
 Job-related resources in light of COVID-19 
 ](https://resources.workable.com/tutorial/job-related-resources-in-light-of-covid-19) 
 [ 
 What’s coming up after COVID-19? 
 Remote work, digital transformation, and engagement are hot topics according to our new survey on the New World of Work. But that’s not all – there’s much, much more. 
 Gain full access to our in-depth report ](https://get.workable.com/new-world-of-work-registration?&llsd=new-world-of-work-2020&llc=organic&llm=footer&llo=registration) 
 Popular topics 
 
 COVID-19 
 CCPA 
 Brexit 
 Coronavirus 
 Compliance 
 Recruiter 
 Employer branding 
 Future of work 
 Candidate experience 
 
 × 
 Stay in the loop! 
 Sign up for jargon-free hiring resources. 
 Let's grow together 
 Start hiring now with a 15-day free trial. Or talk to us about your hiring plans and 
discover how Workable can help you find and hire great people. 
 
 Try for free 
 Get a demo 
 
 Stay in the loop! 
 Sign up for jargon-free hiring resources. 
 
 
 Product 
 
 Find 
 Evaluate 
 Automate 
 Language options 
 Careers pages 
 Video Interviews 
 Referrals 
 Hiring Plan 
 Texting 
 All features 
 
 
 
 Platform 
 
 Why Workable 
 Support & Security 
 Customers 
 Partners & Integrations 
 Pricing 
 Developer API 
 Get a demo 
 
 
 
 Resources 
 
 Recruiting Resources 
 Stories & Insights 
 HR Tutorials 
 Job Descriptions 
 Interview Questions 
 Hiring with Workable 
 Help Center 
 
 
 
 Company 
 
 Contact 
 News 
 Backstage 
 Careers 
 Press 
 About 
 
 
 
   
 Log in 
 Americas: +1 857 990 9675 
Europe & Rest of World: +44 203 826 8149  Americas:   +1 857 990 9675 
Europe & Rest of World: [+44 203 826 8149](tel:0044 203 826 8149) 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 © Workable Technology Limited 2012-2021 
 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Privacy Policy 
 Accessibility 
 Do not sell my personal information 
 Workable Status 
 
