Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Child Youth Worker 
 Humber River Hospital 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Position Profile 
 Build your career at the hospital that’s building for the future 
 Humber River Hospital is committed to revolutionizing patient care for our diverse community. With the opening of our new facility, North America’s first fully digital hospital, the future is very exciting for our people and programs. And we’re looking for exceptional individuals to join our great team: people who share our passion to deliver excellent, patient-focused, expert care. The Hospital is formally affiliated with both the University of Toronto and Queen’s University. 
 We currently have an exciting opportunity for a Child and Youth Worker to join our Mental Health & Addictions team to provide temporary system navigation and counselling support to patients and their families to successfully re-integrate into the community. 
 Hours of work:  Must be able to work Monday thru Friday 8 hour days and evenings. 
 Hourly Rate Range:  $31.64 - $37.89 
 Employee Group:  OPSEU 590 
 Responsibilities: 
Assists children and youth up to 19 years of age with mental health and addiction challenges to transition from the hospital to the community 
Accepts referrals that meet eligibility criteria from the inpatient, outpatient, and urgent care clinic programs 
Engages clients and families by quickly establishing therapeutic rapport 
Identifies and coordinates community services to support patients and families’ mental health needs within their daily environment including school, home, employment, legal, and other community domains. 
Utilizes strong case management and advocacy skills, with extensive knowledge of community mental health resources with the Northwest OHT 
Possesses advanced clinical skills with children, youth and families with expertise in cognitive behavioural therapy (CBT), solution focused brief therapy, motivational interviewing 
Implements and evaluates behavioral management strategies as determined by the treatment team 
Prioritizes demands effectively to balance the complex needs of patients and families 
Facilitates the initial meeting with the patient and new service provider 
Assess and documents ongoing assessment of mental status, and communicates findings with community partners 
Ability to plan and lead psychoeducational therapeutic groups 
Conducts risk assessments in the community 
Providing cultural specific interventions 
Understands the impact of trauma, stigma within the context of culturally sensitive care 
Communicates consistently with other mental health professionals including psychiatrists, psychologist, child and youth workers, social workers, teachers, and nurses. 
Approaches patient care with a culturally sensitive, stigma-free and trauma informed lens 
 Requirements: 
Minimum of 5 year+ of recent Mental Health experience required. 
Diploma in Child and Youth Work or equivalent from recognized college required. 
Working knowledge of the Mental Health Act, Family Services Act, Criminal Youth Justice Act 
Advanced understanding of psychiatric illnesses and treatments, specifically mood/anxiety disorders, adjustment disorder, psychosis, parent/child related issues 
An awareness and Knowledge/experience in Trauma Informed Care preferred 
Understanding of assessment and treatment needs of a pediatric psychiatric population 
Excellent assessment skills. 
Good verbal and written communication skills. 
Ability to work within a multidisciplinary team as well as independently 
CPR or BCLS certification. 
A second language is an asset. Familiarity with cultural groups in catchment area and familiarity with community resources are assets. 
OACYC membership required 
CPI certification is an asset 
Excellent attendance and discipline free record required. 
 Why Humber? Why Now? 
 Humber River Hospital is on an exciting transformation journey of redefining patient care as we leverage the most advanced technologies to enhance all aspects of delivering high-quality, safe care. We continue to build a people-centered workplace with excellent staff and physician engagement by hiring passionate, diverse and inclusive healthcare professionals. People who care and live our values of Compassion, Professionalism and Respect. People who are committed to making a positive difference. 
 We are a Studer Group hospital, focused on building our evidence-based practice and hardwiring a culture that WOWs. 
 Why? Because at Humber River Hospital, we know it’s our people and our ability to innovate that allows us to consistently deliver a great patient experience and the best quality outcomes. After all, we are the hospital that believes exceptional care...healthier community. 
 This description has been designed to indicate the general nature and level of work performed by the employee within this position. However, the actual responsibilities, duties, qualifications and experience may vary. Employee may perform other related duties as required to meet the ongoing needs of the organization. Information contained in this job posting/description is subject to change. 
 Humber River Hospital is committed to inclusion and diversity. We believe that diversity drives our culture of innovation. By bringing together a variety of different perspectives, it fuels our creative thinking, generates new ideas and creates solutions designed to address tomorrow's healthcare challenges today. We take pride in providing professional development and career advancement opportunities for our employees including minorities, women, veterans and individuals with physical and developmental disabilities. We also provide accommodation to applicants and all of our employees - from hire to retire. 
 Let us know what we can do to help you be successful during your recruitment experience at Humber River Hospital. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
