
 
 Homepage 
 Your Advantages 
 Certified 
 Expertise 
 Attractive Jobs 
 Social Plus 
 Contact 
 
 * [](https://vaw-industriedienstleistungen.de/jobs-menschen-mit-behinderung/)
 
 
 
 
 
 Search 
 Menu  Menu 
 
 ATTRAC­TIVE JOBS PLUS PEOPLE 
 JOB-PLUS FOR PEOPLE WITH 
 AND WITHOUT DISABILITIES 
 Our expertise in integrating people with disabilities into industrial production enables us to achieve both: our employees, who we also regard as customers, are given meaningful work in which they can develop further. On the other hand, a well-known industrial production company with several locations has been established, which works for companies in the automotive as well as the industrial sector. 
 Thus, our employees do not receive alms, but provide for their own livelihood with their own strength and competence. However, the fact that this is not "only" about money, but about an activity with which they can develop themselves in their professional development, creates a motivation that can make other companies envious. 
 We also train for this and give interested people - whether disabled or not - excellent job prospects in our workshops. Contact us or simply send us your application. 
 
 THESE PROFES­SIONALS 
 WORK FOR US: 
 Production Employees 
 … make up the bulk of our workforce. 
 Design Engineers 
 … develop moulds and processes for our customers on the computer. 
 Mechatronics Engineers 
 … keep our machinery running. 
 Electronics Engineers 
 … control and repair electronic functions and correlations. 
 Mechanics 
 … work for us as toolmakers or industrial mechanics. 
 Quality Experts 
 … work with us trained and highly motivated. 
 Industrial Technicians 
 … take a high degree of responsibility for the technical processes. 
 Industrial Business Management Assistants 
 … take care of all commercially relevant processes in our offices. 
 Computer Scientists 
 … work in our IT department and handle the continuous updates and extensions. 
 Technical Purchasers 
 … have a good nose in purchasing with their technical and commercial competence. 
 Sales Representatives 
 … are the contact persons for our customers and ensure ideal communication between you and us. 
 Customs Experts 
 … use their expertise to handle technical, legal and formal procedures with our international customers. 
 Project Managers 
 … have a 100% overview over their projects to ensure perfect and high quality execution. 
 Vocational Training in The Association of Recognised Workshops VaW 
 We currently offer vocational training in the following professions: 
 • Specialist for Warehouse Logistics 
 In the future, we are planning to train in the following professions in-house: 
 • Fixture and Plant Constructor 
• Industrial Business Management Assistant (m/f) 
 You are interested? 
 Send your detailed application including salary requirements and your earliest possible starting date to your contact person  Mr. Michael Wittmann  (management/technical management): 
 Apply now 
 NAVIGATION 
 
 Homepage 
 Your Advantages 
 Certified 
 Expertise 
 Attractive Jobs 
 Social Plus 
 Contact 
 
 GENERAL INFO 
 
 Legal Notice 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 CONTACT 
 VaW GmbH 
Alte Straße 5 
96482 Ahorn 
Germany 
 PHONE US 
 +49 (0)9561 816-0 
 © Copyright 2020 - VaW GmbH 
 
 Legal Notice 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 Scroll to top 
