Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Sociology Lecturer and TA Trainer - Research Methods and Statistics 
 University of Alberta 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Faculty of Arts - Sociology 
Competition No. - A111343167 
Closing Date - Jan 20, 2021 
 The Department of Sociology at the University of Alberta is home to two vibrant undergraduate programs: a BA major in Sociology and a BA in Criminology. Combined, there are over 600 students in these programs. The Department teaches more than eight thousand students per year. As we grow, and as we develop the Certificate in Applied Social Science Research, we seek to expand our undergraduate methods and statistics courses and ensure robust training and support for teaching assistants in these courses. 
 This T12 Lecturer is a combined teaching and training position that contributes to this growing activity in the Department’s undergraduate programs. 75% of the position (6 courses in total) is devoted to teaching across three terms: 1-2 courses in the spring spring/summer term, and 4-5 courses in the fall and winter terms. We seek someone who can teach introductory social research methods and introductory statistics courses (these courses include lab components); other courses taught will depend on the person’s areas of interest and expertise. The other 25% of the position is devoted to developing and launching a program for training and mentoring Teaching Assistants in undergraduate statistics and methods courses in the Department. 
 The position will report to the Chair, and work closely with the Associate Chair (Undergraduate), Associate Chair (Graduate) and the Director of the Certificate in Applied Social Science Research. 
 Requirements: 
PhD in Sociology or highly related field 
Record of successful teaching of undergraduate courses in methods and statistics 
Knowledge of SPSS and R 
Experience providing training and mentoring in higher education 
Experience developing training programs in higher education considered an asset 
 Applicants should submit a Cover Letter, CV, Teaching Dossier (statement of teaching philosophy, teaching evaluation material, at least one sample syllabus) through the link below by January 20, 2021. Applicants should also arrange to have two letters of reference submitted electronically to Cristeen Whalen (cristeen@ualberta.ca) by the deadline with the subject line "REFERENCE - T12 Sociology Lecturer and TA Trainer". 
 This appointment has a duration of one year and has an ideal start date of May 1, 2021 but July 1, 2021 would also be considered. 
 Salary will be commensurate with experience and qualifications in accordance with this Agreement and the negotiated salary scales. The position also offers a benefits package, which can be viewed here. 
 Any interviews scheduled will follow physical-distancing guidelines as per Health Canada. 
 How to Apply 
 Note:  Online applications are accepted until midnight Mountain Standard Time of the closing date. 
 All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. If suitable Canadian citizens or permanent residents cannot be found, other individuals will be considered. The University of Alberta is committed to an equitable, diverse, and inclusive workforce. We welcome applications from all qualified persons. We encourage women; First Nations, Métis and Inuit persons; members of visible minority groups; persons with disabilities; persons of any sexual orientation or gender identity and expression; and all those who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas and the University to apply. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
