Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Marker 
 Western University 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 About Western 
 Since 1878, Western University has been committed to serving our communities through the pursuit of academic excellence and by providing students, faculty, and community members with life-long opportunities for intellectual, social, and cultural growth. We seek excellent students, faculty, and staff to join us in what has become known as the "Western Experience" - an opportunity to contribute to a better world through the development of new knowledge, new abilities, new connections, and new ways to make a difference. 
 About Us 
 Transforming Education. Transforming lives. We foster informed global citizenship through transformative educational opportunities. We are an engaged academic community guided by the values of integrity and ethics, equity and social justice, and academic and research excellence. We are deeply committed to the delivery of innovative research-intensive and online professional academic programs, which aim to enhance equity and accessibility for all learners; rigorous research defined by high academic and social impact; and culturally and socially responsive service that aims to produce high-quality outcomes that positively affect education and benefit all of society. 
 Responsibilities 
 The marker will be responsible for assessing and grading a variety of work completed by Teacher Candidates in the Special Education & Inclusion course in the B.Ed. program, including written assignments and online submissions. The marker will evaluate the Teacher Candidates’ work in accordance with the marking guidelines and provide feedback for review based on specific guidelines from instructors. The marker may be required to provide written feedback to Teacher Candidates. (Note: Beginning September 2020, the BEd program has moved to a pass/fail grading model for all Year 1 courses.) 
 Qualifications 
 Bachelor of Education, prior special education and/or marking experience preferred 
 Skills, Abilities & Expertise: 
 
 In-depth knowledge of and experience with special education & inclusion 
 Ability to apply critical thinking to evaluate information effectively and provide appropriate recommendations for feedback 
 Communication skills to convey information and feedback in a clear and effective manner 
 Attention to detail and proofreading abilities with an excellent command of the English language 
 Basic computer skills in Microsoft Office Suite 
 Ability to prioritize and organize a fluctuating work load 
 Ability to maintain strict confidentiality 
 Personable and courteous in working relationships 
 
 Western Values Diversity 
 The University invites applications from all qualified individuals. Western is committed to employment equity and diversity in the workplace and welcomes applications from women, members of racialized groups/visible minorities, Aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, persons of any sexual orientation, and persons of any gender identity or gender expression. 
 Accommodations are available for applicants with disabilities throughout the recruitment process. If you require accommodations for interviews or other meetings, please contact Human Resources at hrhelp@uwo.ca or phone 519-661-2194. 
 Please Note: 
We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those chosen for an interview will be acknowledged. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
