Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Senior Analyst, Infrastructure Debt 
 Fiera Capital 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 This is an exciting opportunity to join a leading team in Canadian infrastructure investments and a top Canadian buy-side firm known for its leadership in alternative investments. 
 Under the supervision of the Vice President & Senior Portfolio Manager, Infrastructure Debt, the Senior Analyst will assist in the management of various infrastructure debt investments. More specifically, you will have responsibilities conducting detailed credit analysis, modeling of rated and unrated investments and making investment recommendations to portfolio managers. In addition, you will contribute to the portfolio management process of existing infrastructure debt mandates and support the development of new mandates. 
 KEY RESPONSIBILITIES 
 As part of your duties, you will be assigned the following responsibilities: 
 Deal Origination 
 Conduct initial review of investment opportunities and make recommendations to Portfolio Managers; 
Perform detailed credit analysis including review of deal documentation, technical/financial reports, preparation and review of financial models; 
Participate in meetings with corporate executives and project management teams, investment bankers, sell-side and rating agency credit analysts. 
Prepare credit summaries and recommendations derived from fundamental and relative value credit analysis. 
Assist in deal structuring and negotiations. 
 Portfolio Management 
 Actively monitor portfolio holdings to ensure projects are performing to expectations. 
Assist in monitoring market conditions and trading opportunities in secondary markets. 
Perform duties relating to daily trade allocation, cash management and performance attribution. 
 Business Development 
 Assist in the preparation of marketing materials for investor presentations; 
Data compilation, market review and opportunity assessment to support business needs. 
Support existing client relationships by responding to requests for information and participation in client meetings as required. 
 EDUCATION/ACCREDITATION: 
Undergraduate and/or Master’s degree in Economics, Finance or Business related 
CFA designation or currently a candidate to complete Level 3 towards the CFA designation 
 EXPERIENCE AND SPECIFIC SKILLS 
 5 years + of experience in DCM (Debt Capital Markets), buy-side/sell-side credit research, investment banking, private debt or similar field. Experience with Infrastructure, energy, and/or project finance is strongly preferred; 
Demonstrate an understanding of portfolio management processes and investment policies; 
Advanced knowledge of accounting and finance principles; 
Strong analytical and modeling skills; 
Proficiency with MS Office particularly Excel and PowerPoint (Programing/VBA skills is desirable); 
Strong business acumen with excellent interpersonal skills, including excellent written and oral communication in English 
Fluency in French is an asset; 
Attention to detail, time management and ability to work under pressure both independently and in a team environment; 
Ability to build relationships. 
 The use of masculine is for the sole purpose of lightening the text and refers to both women and men. 
 Fiera Capital subscribes to the principle of employment equity. Our staff is our most valuable asset and our goal is to create an inclusive and equitable environment where everyone can reach their true potential. 
 Fiera Capital will not tolerate any form of discrimination or harassment. All staffing decisions, including hiring and promotion decisions, will be based on merit, skills, performance and business needs. We are pleased to receive nominations from qualified individuals from a variety of backgrounds. 
 We thank all applicants for their interest in a career with Fiera Capital. We will only communicate with those selected for an interview. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
