Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Personal Support Worker 
 ParaMed Home Health Care 
 __Waterloo, ON 
 Apply Now 
 ParaMed is pleased to partner with the Ontario government to provide an additional $3/hour temporary increase for PSW staff to supplement regular earnings. We are also partnering with the Ontario Health PSW Return-of-Service initiative which offers up to $5000 in incentives to eligible recent graduates who commit to working with ParaMed! 
 Full Time Salaried, Part-Time and Casual Shifts Available! 
 The Personal Support Worker (PSW) will provide individualized care that is sensitive to the clients’ unique needs, providing assistance with Activities of Daily Living (ADL’s) and Independent Activities of Daily Living (IADL’s) through a client specific assignment working under the direction of and in collaboration with a regulated health care professional. Care will take place in the community, within a client’s home. 
 What does "Redefining care" mean to you? 
 ParaMed needs team members who share our goal of redefining care in the home. Join Canada’s largest home health care company and make a real difference in the lives of people in your community. We provide quality, compassionate care directly to clients where they live because we believe that when you are in need of care, home is a more comfortable place to be! 
 Choose ParaMed for support, where we’ll provide you with paid orientation, mentorship, and ongoing training. Experience diversity and life long learning – where the skills that you learn contribute to making you a confident and accomplished care professional. 
 Qualifications: 
Personal Support Worker (PSW) Diploma or Certificate from a recognized program or equivalent education 
Experience in providing personal care is required 
Experience in working with acutely ill, chronically ill or palliative clients is considered an asset 
Effective oral and written communication skills 
Ability to demonstrate compassion, tact, and diplomacy when interacting with clients and their families 
Willingness to travel within a designated area to visit clients within a community setting 
Ability to pass or satisfy a Criminal Record Check and Vulnerable Sector Search upon hire 
 ParaMed offers you: 
Competitive compensation with an additional $3/hour temporary increase for PSW staff to supplement regular earnings 
Health and dental benefits 
Use of Mobile device 
Mileage/travel allowance 
Training and skills development 
Full and part time positions available 
Career Advancement opportunities 
Employee purchase discount programs 
A supportive and respectful workplace 
Autonomy and independence 
 Apply by submitting a resume via the "Apply Now" button! 
 In accordance with the Ontario Human Rights Code, Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act and ParaMed Policies on Accommodation, a request for accommodation will be accepted as part of ParaMed hiring process. 
 #ParaMedWW 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
