Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Letter Carrier - Delivery Agent 
 Canada Post - Postes Canada 
 __Montréal, QC 
 Apply Now 
 Job Requisition Id:  19080 
 Business Function:  Delivery Operations 
 Primary City:  Montréal 
 Other Location(s):  [[Montreal]] 
 Province:  Quebec 
 Employment Type:  On Call 
 Employment Status:  Temporary 
 Language Requirement:  French Essential 
Number of Vacancies 250 
 Salary:  19.86$ 
 Job Closing Date (dd/mm/yyyy):  31/12/2020 
 Job Description 
 Canada Post is an exciting place to work! And you can be part of it! 
 We deliver billions of items to Canadians each year – and you can be a big part of making this happen. As a temporary, on-call delivery agent (also known as a letter carrier), you’ll be the face of Canada Post in your community and make sure customers and businesses get the mail and parcels they’re waiting for. 
 Does this sound like you? The role of delivery agent would be a great fit if you: 
 like meeting people and making their day 
enjoy being outside and active year-round 
want to work for a great national company 
would be proud to serve your fellow Canadians 
Job Responsibilities 
 What will you do? 
 You’ll start your day in the depot, sorting and preparing the day’s deliveries 
You’ll load and drive a Canada Post postal vehicle 
Job Responsibilities (continued) 
You’ll then spend most of your day outside, delivering mail and packages by foot or by vehicle to customers on your route 
You’ll return to the depot to unload the day’s incoming mail and packages for later delivery 
Qualifications 
 What must you have? 
 A valid Class 5 or Class G driver’s licence with a safe driving record for at least 3 years (driver's abstract required) 
The physical ability to lift mail items weighing up to 22.7 kg (50 lb) and carry items weighing up to 15.9 kg (35 lb) regularly throughout the day 
The ability to work in all types of weather 
The availability to be on-call 
The ability to read, write and speak English and/or French 
 These help, too! 
 Experience in customer service 
Experience making deliveries or working as a driver 
 In return, we offer: 
Competitive pay 
Extensive classroom and on-the-job training about your duties and safety on the job 
Opportunities for permanent employment 
Other Information 
 Today’s Canada Post - Canada Post is an e-commerce powerhouse, delivering billions of items every year. We help small businesses grow. We enrich lives in remote communities. We connect Canadians with each other and to the rest of the world. And we do all this by providing residential and business customers with the best possible delivery experience in the country. 
 We like to promote from within and can offer you a career rather than a job. While, like all of our delivery agents, you’ll start out on a temporary, on-call basis, you’ll have the opportunity to grow with us and obtain a permanent position … even try out new jobs in different areas of the company. 
 Safety Sensitive Positions 
This position may be considered a Safety Sensitive position. 
 Employment Equity 
Canada Post is committed to employment equity and encourages applications from women, Aboriginal people, persons with disabilities and visible minorities. 
 Conflict of Interest 
The Conflict of Interest Policy prohibits employees from hiring, supervising or reporting to, directly or indirectly via the reporting hierarchy, their immediate family or close personal relations. Should you feel that you may be in an actual or potential Conflict of Interest in regard to this job opportunity, you must communicate with the designated Human Resources representative. 
 Accommodation 
If you are contacted by Canada Post regarding a job opportunity or testing, please advise if you require accommodation. 
 Important Message 
Your application must clearly demonstrate how you meet the requirements as Canada Post cannot make assumptions about your education and experience. We thank all those who apply. Only those selected for further consideration will be contacted. 
 Our Values 
Canada Post’s corporate values reflect the principles, beliefs and aspirations that guide our behaviour and shape our culture. 
 Transformation – We will innovate and transform to win in the marketplace. 
Customer – We serve Canadians with pride and passion. 
Integrity – We act responsibly and with integrity. 
Respect – We treat each other with fairness and respect. 
Safety – We are committed to a safe and healthy environment for all our stakeholders. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
