Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Program Manager, Transportation Planning & Research 
 York Region 
 __Newmarket, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Position Header 
Progressive. Collaborative. Accountable. Draw on your passion. Shape our community. Progressive and collaborative, with a clear, long-term vision. We value employees’ contributions and inspire excellence. We are driven by a desire to help shape and serve the growing community in which we live and work. 
Position Purpose 
Reporting to the Manager, Transportation Long-Term Planning is responsible for developing, implementing and monitoring the Transportation Master Plan to meet current and future needs of the Region in an affordable and sustainable manner; monitoring and reviewing provincial and municipal plans, policies and guidelines and the Region’s Strategic Vision and Official Plans and preparing responses to address transportation impacts; developing, recommending, implementing and evaluating viable, strategic policies to meet identified Branch needs as it relates to delivering transportation services; researching, evaluating and testing policy and program development concepts; developing quality assurance and risk management policies and planning objectives; promoting collaboration within and between project teams; and preparing reports and briefing materials for senior management. 
Qualifications 
 
 Successful completion of a University Degree in Civil, Transportation Engineering or Planning or related field or approved equivalent combination of education and experience. 
 Current registration with a recognized professional planning or engineering organization. 
 Minimum three (3) years’ demonstrated experience in all aspect of transportation planning and in quality and project management and including demonstrated minimum of one (1) year of direct supervisory experience. 
 Thorough knowledge of transportation planning, environmental assessment and master planning principles, concepts, practices, methods and legislation, in the Greater Golden Horseshoe context and roles of different levels of government. 
 Demonstrated knowledge of transit systems, roads planning, transportation demand management, travel demand modelling and forecasting and sustainable transportation principles, concepts, practices, methods and legislation. 
 
 Scheduled Hours 
35 
Scheduled Shifts 
0830 - 1630 
How to Apply 
Please apply online by December 10, 2019 at 4:30 p.m. We thank all candidates for their interest, however only those selected for an interview will be contacted via email. 
Salary 
$107,874 to $126,846 annually 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
