
 Home 
 Contact Us 
 About Us 
 Time for Tea Series 
 Livestream 
 Video Feed 
 
 __ 
 __ __ __ 
 
 Home 
 Contact Us 
 About Us 
 Time for Tea Series 
 Livestream 
 Video Feed 
 
 
January 23, 2021 
 
 Explore 
 
 BUSINESS 
 
 Your Money 
 
 
 ENTERTAINMENT 
 
 Movies 
 Music 
 TV 
 
 
 HEALTH 
 LIFE & STYLE 
 MARKETING 
 NEWS 
 TECHNOLOGY 
 THE SHOW 
 VIDEOS 
 
 Daily News 
 Success Stories 
 
 
 
 Breaking News 
 •  Ready For Adventure? Meet The Entrepreneur Ready To Put You On The Right Path 
 •  Biden Immediately Turns To Boosting Federal COVID-19 Response 
 •  Poet Amanda Gorman Leaves CNN's Anderson Cooper 'Transfixed' By Her Personal Mantra 
 •  ‘It’s Just An Attack On Equity’; Social Equity Applicants For Cannabis Home Delivery Question Motives Of Dispensaries Involved In Lawsuit 
 •  6 Career-Damaging Ways We Make Bad Impressions 
 •  Biden Becomes The 46th President, Vowing To Heal And Unite A Nation In Crisis 
 __ 
 
 Home 
 __ NEWS 
 __Job Market Mystery: Where Are The Men? 
 
 NEWS 
 Job Market Mystery: Where Are The Men? 
 
 By  Working Woman Report 
 •   November 23, 2016 
 
 Working Woman Report 
 Working Woman Report is the source for stories about women in business, women in leadership, and news about empowering women. It's updated daily and curated by Emmy Award Winning Journalist, Allison Haunss. 
 
 __ 0 Likes 
 __0 Comments 
 __Print 
 
 Tags 
 college economy education employers growing income job labor research spending WOmen work workers workforce working 
 By Jim Puzzanghera Los Angeles Times 
 _ WWR Article Summary (tl;dr)  >  In all, about 7 million men ages 25 to 54 are neither employed nor "available for work," putting them outside the labor force. Their growing numbers worry and puzzle economists. 
 WASHINGTON 
 As the recovery from the Great Recession continues, job growth is solid and the labor force is growing at close to its fastest pace since 2000 because more unemployed workers are coming off the sidelines. 
 Still, the percentage of working-age Americans in the labor force remains stuck near its lowest level since the late 1970s. 
 Although retiring baby boomers are the main reason, there's another troubling factor that experts predict won't be solved by stronger economic growth. 
 Too many men in their prime don't have a job and aren't even looking for one. Experts trying to figure out the reasons are probing the roles of criminal background checks, painkillers and even video games. 
 In all, about 7 million men ages 25 to 54 are neither employed nor "available for work," putting them outside the labor force. Their growing numbers worry and puzzle economists. 
 A little more than half of the men reported they were ill or disabled, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics. About 14 percent are going to school. And about 20 percent said they were either retired or handling home responsibilities. 
 Economists said increased globalization and the decline in factory jobs has played a major role in pushing prime-age men, particularly those with less education, out of the workforce. But that doesn't explain why the problem is worse in the U.S. than in most other economically advanced nations. 
 Researchers have pointed to some other potential explanations. Prime-age American men outside the labor force are spending more time playing video games, making leisure time more enjoyable. About half are in so much pain from physical maladies that they take daily medication for it, making holding a job difficult. 
 And in a problem drawing more attention from economists, the nation's high incarceration rate has left many men with felony convictions that raise red flags during employer background checks. 
 While the reasons may be up for debate, having so many men failing to contribute has troubling implications for the economy. 
 "It's terrible. There's absolutely nothing good that comes out of it," said Nicholas Eberstadt, a scholar at the American Enterprise Institute think tank. "It is certainly near the center of so much that is sad and wrong about the way our society and our economy are performing today." 
 The problem has been building for a long time. 
 The percentage of prime-age men in the U.S. workforce, those either with a job or actively looking for one, peaked at 97.9 percent in 1954. But since the mid-1960s, the labor force participation rate for those men has steadily declined. The rate has varied during economic booms and busts, but generally has been on a downward trend. 
 The rate bottomed out at 88 percent in 2014 and has been hovering near there ever since. The figure was 88.6 percent in October. 
 The labor force participation rate for women rose sharply from the mid-1960s through the 1980s as it became more socially acceptable for them to work. But the rate for women has fallen off in recent years, too, to 56.8 percent in October. The overall participation rate for men and women older than 16 years old was 62.8 percent last month. 
 The Obama administration was concerned enough about the trend and its implications that the White House Council of Economic Advisors issued a 47-page report this summer examining the reasons for the decline and policies that could help address it. 
 Eberstadt wrote a book on the subject, "Men Without Work: America's Invisible Crisis," that was published in September. And economists have been studying the phenomenon. 
 Alan Krueger, a Princeton economist, published a paper last month titled "Where Have All the Workers Gone?" that said "addressing the decades-long slide in labor force participation by prime-age men should be a national priority." 
 "We're not fully utilizing the human resources we have and that means the economy is not performing as well as it could be," Krueger said in an interview. "That means our overall standard of living is lower because output is lower than it can be." 
 Krueger, who chaired the White House Council of Economic Advisors from 2011 to 2013, added to the debate over the issue by conducting a survey that found that 47 percent of prime-age men who are out of the workforce said they took pain medication the previous day. Nearly two-thirds of those reported that they took prescription painkillers. 
 When asked if pain prevented them from working at a full-time job, 40 percent of prime-age men out of the workforce said yes, Krueger found. 
 He said he hasn't been able to determine if the pain problems are a cause or an effect for the men being out of the workforce. 
 "I suspect the arrows go in both directions," Krueger said. "Some had severe disabilities that caused them to withdraw (from the workforce) and others became despondent and perhaps obese from their lifestyles which caused disability problems." 
 Research this year by Krueger's Princeton colleague, economist Mark Aguiar, pointed to another potential reason, the lure of video games. 
 Video games have become more elaborate and sophisticated, while online gaming has expanded the universe of people to play against. 
 Men ages 21 to 30 who were not in the workforce reported spending an average of 6.7 hours a week playing video games from 2012 to 2015, compared with just 3.6 hours from 2000 to 2007. The figures are higher for men in that age group with less than a college education. 
 Erik Hurst, a University of Chicago economist, found that those men spent an average of two hours a day on video games in 2014, with 10 percent of them reporting playing for six hours a day. 
 About 7 in 10 lower-skilled men in their 20s without a job lived with a parent or close relative, according to his research. But despite that, they reported being happier on average than they were in the early 2000s. 
 "The life of these nonworking, lower-skilled young men looks like what my son wishes his life was like now: not in school, not at work, and lots of video games," Hurst wrote recently. 
 Eberstadt said the "most scandalously ignored" reason why so many prime-age men are not in the workforce is the nation's high incarceration rate. As many as 20 million Americans, most of them men, have a felony record. That could help explain why the labor force problem is worse here than in other advanced economies, he said. 
 The U.S. has the world's second-highest prison population rate, 698 prisoners for every 100,000 people, according to the Institute for Criminal Policy Research. People in prison are not counted in U.S. labor statistics, which look only at the civilian non-institutionalized population. 
 "Is there discrimination against felons and ex-cons? Do they lose their skills in jail?" Eberstadt said. "This is a huge missing piece of the puzzle." 
 Joel Valdez, 32, of Los Angeles was paroled in June from California's Chuckawalla Valley State Prison after more than 15 years behind bars for his conviction on two counts of assault with a firearm. He's been working at a voter-engagement phone bank that employs mostly former inmates and is operated by LA Voice, a faith-based community organization. But it's been difficult to find work with a felony record and, even though he earned a high-school equivalency degree in prison, he didn't get much training. 
 "I know that, more often than not, if I'm not working in a warehouse or getting my foot in the door through labor jobs or having family friends, that it would be super hard to get a job because of my background," Valdez said. "Some people are sketchy about hiring people with that background. It's tough." 
 
 1
[ 
 2
](https://workingwomanreport.com/job-market-mystery-men/2/) 
 
 Share This Article __ 
 No Way We're Extinct, Indie Toy Sellers Say 
 3 Tips To Keep Burnout At Bay 
 Related News 
 
 Q&A: Lane Staffing's Leader Shouts Out Where The Jobs Are 
 
 How Conservative And Centrist Business Owners Face — And Cautiously Embrace — Protests 
 
 Atlanta Woman Writes About Her Escape From Scientology 
 __ MORE IN NEWS 
 Neuroscientists Show How Tiny Fibs Snowball Into Big Lies 
 READ MORE 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Comment 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 
 Latest Posts 
 
   
 
 Ready For Adventure? Meet The Entrepreneur Ready To Put You On The Right Path 
 * [Jan 22, 2021](https://workingwomanreport.com/2021/01/22/)
* • __ 0
 
 
   
 
 Biden Immediately Turns To Boosting Federal COVID-19 Response 
 * [Jan 22, 2021](https://workingwomanreport.com/2021/01/22/)
* • __ 0
 
 
   
 
 Poet Amanda Gorman Leaves CNN's Anderson Cooper 'Transfixed' By Her Personal Mantra 
 * [Jan 22, 2021](https://workingwomanreport.com/2021/01/22/)
* • __ 0
 
 
   
 
 ‘It’s Just An Attack On Equity’; Social Equity Applicants For Cannabis Home Delivery Question Motives Of Dispensaries Involved In Lawsuit 
 * [Jan 22, 2021](https://workingwomanreport.com/2021/01/22/)
* • __ 0
 
 
   
 
 6 Career-Damaging Ways We Make Bad Impressions 
 * [Jan 21, 2021](https://workingwomanreport.com/2021/01/21/)
* • __ 0
 
 © 2015 Site By:  Lighthouse Digital LLC 
 
 Business 
 ENTERTAINMENT 
 FINANCIAL 
 HEALTH 
 LIFE & STYLE 
 MARKETING 
 NEWS 
 THE SHOW 
 Videos 
 
 Receive weekly news reports from Allison: 
 
