Skip to content 
   
 Main Menu 
 
 
 International Schools 
 
 
 Boarding Schools 
 
 
 Guides & Tips 
 
 
 News 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 Free Consultation Free Consultation 
 
 
 __  School News ,  School News Asia 
 
 
 Jump Start Career Learning With a College Experience in High School 
 
  World Schools   
  October 21, 2019   
 
 __ Share on facebook 
 __ Share on google 
 __ Share on twitter 
 __ Share on linkedin 
 WISS strives to offer our students a variety of learning opportunities, and we continuously think about their professional futures, which are closer than they imagine.  The Western International School of Shanghai  works to give all of our students a chance to enrich their development and focus on professional skills. 
 One of the things that makes WISS stand out is the variety of scholarships that we offer. Last summer, two of our students had the chance to enjoy the Rising Star summer program at  SCAD . 
 Enrolling in such an outstanding program at SCAD is an extraordinary opportunity not available to many.  WISS is truly proud of Rose and Emos - two of our Grade 12 students who fulfilled the SCAD scholarship requirements to be part of this great program. 
 Their marks, their portfolio, and their academic development were considered valid by the SCAD committee, and they were both awarded a scholarship to participate in this pre-college summer program. 
 WISS partners with SCAD to offer an Art & Design pathway as part of our  IB Career-related Programme . Through this partnership, we are able to offer all 11 and 12 students the possibility to apply for a scholarship to participate in the Rising Star program. This is a fantastic way to begin learning valuable skills for IBDP and IBCP students interested in careers in art and design like architecture, interior design, advertising and branding, and digital or game design. 
 Both #WISSstudents had an incredible experience at SCAD.  During their stays at SCAD campuses in Savannah and Hong Kong, they gained valuable knowledge from SCAD professors with professional knowledge and expertise related to their individual fields of interest. 
 After their unforgettable summer at SCAD, they said they would recommend this experience to any high schoolers interested in beginning their professional learning now. 
 Read next 
 
 Choosing a School 
 Tips for Parents Choosing an International School 
 
 School News 
 KIS International School is Accepting Applications for their Early Years Programme 
 
 School News 
 LCV High School Art Exhibition 2020 
 
 School News 
 SJII Announces IB Diploma Results for Class of 2020 
 
 Guides & Tips 
 5 Simple Tricks To Boost Your Brain During Remote Learning 
 
 Boarding Schools 
 Best Boarding Schools in Russia 
 
 Boarding Schools 
 Best Boarding Schools in Latvia 
 
 International Schools 
 The Best Private Schools in Phuket 
 
 Boarding Schools 
 Best Boarding Schools in Denmark 
 
 School News 
 ISD Students Organise Virtual Christmas Market 
 
 Guides & Tips 
 The Importance of Stories 
 
 Boarding Schools 
 Benefits of All-Girls Boarding Schools 
 World Schools 
 1095 Lutry, Switzerland 
 +41792180222 
 info@world-schools.com 
 The Company 
 
 About Us 
 Get in Touch 
 Advertise & Partner 
 World Camps 
 
 For Parents 
 
 Best International Schools 
 Best Boarding Schools 
 Free Consultancy 
 
 Legal 
 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 © 2021 World Schools. All rights reserved 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
