Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Service Technician 
 Kathbern Management 
 __Ontario 
 Apply Now 
 Service Tech/Millwright (Days Only - No Shifts/Minimal Travel) 
 Packaging Machinery Concepts Ltd. 
 Location: Mississauga, ON 
 **  This is an attractive opportunity for an experienced Service Technician / Millwright who is seeking variety, a chance to show their creativity and is ready to be a key part of the future growth of this rapidly emerging developer of packaging equipment solutions in the food services industry. ** 
 Why Work with Us? 
 
 
 Opportunity to learn directly from the founder of the company and utilize a broad variety of your creative skill sets. 
 
 
 Intellectually challenging – continuously learning on the job 
 
 
 Competitive salary 
 
 
 We provide a service vehicle for use on the job. 
 
 
 Benefits program 
 
 
 Subsidized education program 
 
 
 The Company: 
 Packaging Machinery Concepts Ltd. (PMC) has 20 years’ experience serving its clients’ packaging automation requirements with a mix of brand name packaging equipment and custom designed and manufactured solutions. Clients love our attention to detail, our high level of customer service and our commitment to ensuring the success of each and every project. 
 The Position: 
 
 The Service Technician / Millwright is responsible for troubleshooting, repairs, overhaul and modifications of packaging equipment and in all aspects of the design and construction of custom, one of a kind automated equipment. 
 
 Duties: 
 
 
 Machine troubleshooting including the ability to locate root cause 
 
 
 Thorough knowledge of electrical controls 
 
 
 Ability to interpret information from complex machine manuals 
 
 
 Working knowledge of PLC’s, variable frequency and servo drives 
 
 
 Personal initiative for continuous improvement 
 
 
 Collaborate with other team members to prepare and submit quotations which meet acceptable margin requirements to prospective clients 
 
 
 Build and maintain a high level of trust with clients by dealing with their issues in a prompt and transparent manner and ensuring repeat business 
 
 
 Assist with custom machine build design: 
 
 
 o Machine design and troubleshooting 
 o Complete electrical and mechanical assembly 
 o Welding and machining 
 o Fluency with PLC and HMI programming 
 o Servo and AC frequency drive configuration 
 Skills / Qualifications: 
 
 
 Solid Millwright experience (Red Seal Millwright Certification is a plus) 
 
 
 3-5 years successful technical experience 
 
 
 MIG and TIG welding experience 
 
 
 Working knowledge of CAD software would be beneficial 
 
 
 Fluency with Allen Bradley PLC, HMI and servo programming 
 
 
 Fluency with MS office 
 
 
 Excellent mechanical and electrical skills, as well as machine assembly and fabrication. 
 
 
 Excellent interpersonal skills and the ability to establish and maintain relationships 
 
 
 Excellent communication skills as demonstrated by the ability to write reports, and business correspondence 
 
 
 Excellent organizational skills 
 
 
 Tendency towards perfectionism in project execution 
 
 
 Ability to interpret a variety of instructions provided in written, oral, diagram or schedule formats 
 
 
 Driver’s Licence G 
 
 
 Please note that accommodation for job applicants with disabilities is available during the assessment process upon request. 
 We thank all who apply, however only those most closely matching these requirements will be contacted for an interview.  Please do not contact the company directly. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Salary: $30.00-$35.00 per hour 
 Additional pay: 
 
 Bonus pay 
 
 Benefits: 
 
 Casual dress 
 Dental care 
 Disability insurance 
 Extended health care 
 Life insurance 
 On-site parking 
 Vision care 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 Day shift 
 Monday to Friday 
 No weekends 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Allen Bradley PLC programming: 1 year (Preferred) 
 MIG and TIG welding: 1 year (Preferred) 
 Millwright: 3 years (Required) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 Drivers License G (Required) 
 Red Seal Millwright Certification (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
