Skip to content 
 Search for: 
 
 Working Home Guide 
 
 
 _ Work from Home 
 _ Technology 
 _ Guides 
 _ Business 
 _ Insights 
 _ Money 
 _ Career 
 _ DIY 
 _ Pets 
 _About
 
 _ About Us 
 _ Contact Us 
 _ Privacy Policy 
 
 
 
 __ 
 Become a Translator: 4 Steps for a New Career 
 __ Apr 7 Nov 15  __ Working Home Guide 
 Bored of your current career? Do feel like your language skills are going to waste? 
 If you’re bilingual and enjoy learning about different cultures, you should consider becoming a translator! Not only do you get to use your multi-lingual skills, but you can travel and explore different cultures along the way. 
 Changing careers can be scary, but it doesn’t have to be. You may love what you’ll be doing in the new role. Become a translator, follow your ambitions, and enjoy your career. 
 Here are the 4 steps to starting this awesome new career. 
 1. Do Your Research 
 Before you take the plunge, do some research on the daily schedule of a busy translator and what kind projects they do. 
 It’s important to acknowledge what skills you’ll need to become a translator other than speaking multiple languages. Translators are required to translate a variety of topics and work on very tight deadlines. 
 You must be punctual, organized, and have exceptional interpersonal skills. 
 Consider joining a translation agency, like  agence de traduction , where you’ll be part of a translation team. 
 2. Get Certified 
 Higher paying jobs will require certifications and proof of qualifications. 
 Completing an undergraduate degree is a regular requirement of most jobs; having a major or master’s degree related to language is a huge asset. 
 You can be further accredited by regulatory institutions like the  Institute of Translation and Interpretation. 
 3. Sell Yourself 
 To get hired by the company you want, you must prove you’ll be an asset to their team. 
 This starts with your resume, online presence, and profiles. As always, keep your profiles professional and clear. Showcase your skills, qualifications, and experience. 
 Include any and all experience on your first translator resume, even if it’s volunteer work you’ve done or as a hobby on the side. 
 Don’t be scared to reach out to companies you’re interested in working with. The part starting a new career is  selling yourself  and hustling to get the gig you want. 
 4. Continue Your Education 
 There are always new things to learn in the translation field; upgrading your knowledge and skills will make you continually valuable to employers. 
 Plus, if you enjoy what you do, furthering your education could be fun. Consider learning a new language to be able to translate or mastering a new translation software. Or, consider branching into a different field of translation like medical, technical, or legal. 
 The more you know about your trade, the more you have to bring to the table. Employers like employees who can wear many hats and be an expert at their role. 
 Ready to Become a Translator? 
 Becoming a translator can be a rewarding and exciting career change. Along with doing lots of research, you’ll need to get certified, sell yourself, and continue learning about your craft. 
 It’s a long road, but one that you can find success, stability, and happiness from. 
 For more information on changing careers, check out our  career page  for more tips and advice. 
 Posted in  Career 
 Work From Home 
 
 Operating a Business From Home: Essential Tips When Using an iPad for Business 
 
 Not sure what to do with your new iPad? The specifications of an iPad can   […] 
 
 6 Thoughtful Ways to Ensure Home Office Safety 
 
 Have you hit your funny bone for the last time? Are you about ready to   […] 
 Business Help 
 
 7 Ways Electronic Lockers Can Boost a Small Business 
 
 Did you know that ransomware attacks are increasing by 350% each year?   […] 
 
 Operating a Business From Home: Essential Tips When Using an iPad for Business 
 
 Not sure what to do with your new iPad? The specifications of an iPad can   […] 
 DIY 
 
 The Ultimate DIY Guide for HVAC Maintenance 
 
 Keeping up with your HVAC will only save your time and money in the long run. This article is the ultimate DIY guide for HVAC maintenance for homeowners. […] 
 
 Do You Have a Dirty Grill? How to Clean it the Right Way 
 
 Your BBQ grill has probably experienced lots of cookouts. But do you know how to clean it? Read this guide and get to cleaning! […] 
 Money and Finance 
 
 5 Signs You Need to Repair Your Credit 
 
 Are you facing a loan rejection at every turn? Were you itching for a   […] 
 
 Keep Your Money Safe: 8 Expert Tips on How to Protect Your Bank Account 
 
 If you've ever had trouble with making sure your bank information is   […] 
 Health 
 
 12 Tips On Preventing Cavities In Children 
 
 Tooth decay ranks as the most common childhood disease and unfortunately, […] 
 
 How to Naturally Boost Your Immune Health at Home 
 
 Whenever flu or cold season hits, people are always looking for the best […] 
 More from Working Home Guide 
 
 Is There Any Value in Old Computers? (the Answer Is Yes) 
 Top 4 Tips for Improving Your Work Productivity 
 Your Guide to Mastering Facebook Ads Manager 
 9 Voice Training Tips That Will Change Your Life (and Your Voice) 
 Adobe Lightroom vs Photoshop: Which Is Better for Beginners? 
 Career Corner: The Responsibilities of an Apartment Property Manager 
 Photo Sharing: Quick Ways to Get Your Phone Photos Into Your Friends' Hands 
 Party Down: 8 Virtual Events Ideas 
 
 Designed by  InkHive .  (C) 2021 Working Home Guide. All Rights Reserved. 
