[ 
 Workew 
 Workew is the #1 board to find remote jobs, careers and other remote work opportunities to become digital nomad, work from anywhere and travel the world. 
 ](https://workew.com/ "Workew") Close Search for: Search 
 
 Remote Jobs 
 
 Marketing 
 Developer 
 Operations 
 Designer & UX 
 Customer Service 
 Project Mgmt 
 Sales & Biz Dev 
 Writing & Editing 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Other WFH Jobs 
 
 
 Remote Work Course 
 My account 
 
 Shopping Cart 
 
 
 More
 
 Facebook Group 
 Telegram Alerts 
 Pricing & Plans 
 Remote Health 
 Contact Us 
 Blog Posts 
 
 
 Post a Job 
 Post a Resume 
  __Facebook 
 
 Menu 
 Enterprise Sales Manager - Open Source Solutions 
 
 
 Sales 
 Anywhere in UK 🇬🇧 
 Posted November 4 
 Applications have closed 
 Percona 
 
 Overview 
 Percona is at an extraordinary period of time and we are looking to add an enterprise level sales representative (ESM) to our outstanding team. We are specifically seeking someone with an established network within the United Kingdom. 
 This role is made for someone that has a successful track record in new business development within large enterprise accounts. The Enterprise Sales Manager’s primary goal is to consistently help us add net new Global 2000 accounts as well as grow our current client base into larger accounts. We believe in value, having a process, owning a sales methodology and overall creating a great positive work environment that achieves very high results. 
 You have the freedom to work remotely from your home office anywhere within the UK (preferably close to an airport). When safety permits, you will travel at least once a month to customer meetings, industry meet-ups and related conferences (more if you like or if needed for prospective client needs). Aside from quota achievement, the winning candidate will become a part of a close and collaborative global team which would include inside sales, marketing, sales engineering and colleagues from all other Percona departments and divisions. 
 You Have These Strengths 
 
 You have a hunter's mentality - big deals endlessly excite you 
 You are prepared, you have a sales process and you will put yourself in a position to land as many big accounts as possible 
 Independent and solution driven 
 You know how to take initiative and you have a natural sense of urgency 
 Persuasive - you know how to seal the deal Successful relationships with C level executives 
 Networking meaning creating and maintaining quality long lasting trusting relationships 
 Enjoy collaboration and problem solving 
 
 Your Experience 
 
 Impeccable English skills both verbal and written 
 Naturally ambitious and loves closing new business 
 8+ years of experience in technology sales 
 Track record in achievement of quotas 
 Knowledge of Open Source Software marketplace preferred 
 Experience selling into Global 2000 accounts companies Solution selling experiences and mindset 
 
 About Percona 
 Percona is a respected thought leader in the open source community. We provide services and software for MySQL, MongoDB, PostgreSQL and MariaDB to open source users globally. 
 Percona is remote-first and globally dispersed; we have 250 people in almost 40 countries. We offer a collaborative, highly-engaged culture where your ideas are welcome and your voice is heard. The growth and development of our staff is a top priority; we provide funding for training, certifications, conferences and more. 
 Discover what it means to work with some of the smartest people in the industry, who also know how to have fun and are always willing to lend a helping hand. We offer flexible hours, the ability to work remotely and the amazing experience of working with a multinational team of experts. 
 
 Bookmark Job 
 
 Job Page Views:  181 
 Sales 
 
  Website  
  Twitter  
  Facebook  
  Instagram  
  LinkedIn  
 
 Full Time 
 More Jobs 
 Position closed? 
 Let us know . 
 Share this job: 
 
  Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Join the Remote Slack Community: 
 
 Signup today for free!  🚀 
 Related Jobs 
 
 
 
 Growth Marketing Operations Manager 
 Affirm  Honest financial products that improve lives 
 Anywhere in US/Canada 🇺🇸🇨🇦 
 * Marketing
* November 14
 
 
 
 
 Test Engineer 
 Hopin  The first all-in-one live online events platform for connecting distributed communities 
 Anywhere 🌎 
 * Developer
* November 24
 
 
 
 
 Content Specialist 
 Klaus  Klaus is a conversation review tool for support teams 
 Anywhere in Europe 🇪🇺 
 * Writing
* November 9
 
 Find Your Dream Job 
 Recruiters looking for remote talent can find your resume based on keywords, job titles, skills and more. 
 Post a resume today 
 WORKEW © 2020 
 Facebook   Twitter   LinkedIn   Instagram   YouTube 
 Back to Top 
 Nomad Insurance by SafetyWing : The best travel medical insurance for freelancers & remote workers Get Insured 
