
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Sweet Baby Jason! it's a Full-time job 
 The Integer Group is looking for an Associate Creative Director, Interactive Art Director in Los Angeles, CA, USA. 
 About 
 The Integer Group/Collective is looking for an Associate Creative Director, Interactive Art Director to join our Los Angeles, California agency. 
We are seeking a rising creative leader who can bring strategic insights to life, creating beautiful ideas and experiences that delight customers, transform business and impact culture. Our Associate Creative Directors play an important role in our transdisciplinary work . They are creative problem-solvers, fearless storytellers and critical thinkers, who can empathize with a customer as well as a peer. 
 Our Interactive Experience Design team is responsible for connecting the dots between our clients’ business priorities and customer’s needs, by creating immersive interactive experiences in retail. The Interactive Associate Creative Director we are seeking has a deep understanding of UX/UI, along with a keen eye for Visual Design. They are experienced in IXD and Systems Thinking and equally capable of shaping a big idea with supporting tactics, creating wireframes and building prototypes. 
 Not only is an Interactive ACD required to make stylistic and strategic decisions about design concepts, they’re adept at supervising individuals and collaborating with teams to make sure projects stay on schedule and on strategy. They’re tightrope walkers, balancing between the brands we represent and internal processes while juggling a myriad of projects. And, yes, they can direct a strategy across multiple platforms without spilling a drop of coffee. 
 In other words, our ideal ACD will be someone who knows when to play by the rules. And when to throw them all out and call down the lightning. 
 What You'll Do In This Role: 
 DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES 
 Able to concept overarching “big ideas” based on communication strategies and brief 
Possesses an exceptional design aesthetic, and implements strategic and conceptual thinking to projects with little oversight. 
Collaborates with agency colleagues 
Able to work on multiple jobs concurrent 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7613-the-integer-group-associate-creative-director-interactive-art-director  
 On-site required? 
 No 
 Experience 
 6-9 years 
 Skills 
 CSS, HTML, Sketch 
 Date Posted 
 October 28, 2020 
 Managed By 
 Roxanne Longoria 
 Perks 
 
 Dog friendly 
 Generous Vacation 
 Great benefits 
 Sweet office 
 Work from home 
 
 Fine Print 
 At Integer, we believe a diverse organization is a successful one. We’ve created a diverse, inclusive work environment that celebrates and supports unique individuals and cultures. We also want to set you up for success, not stress. We offer 20 paid holidays in addition to paid time off to give you an ideal work-life balance. And perks at the office makes coming in each day just a little easier! 
 Location: 
 Los Angeles, California 
 Interested? Apply today at integer.com/careers! 
 About Us: 
 The Integer Group® is the world's leading commerce agency, relentlessly focused on delivering Great Work That Works. We believe in creativity that is fueled by data, informed by culture, and delivered to the touchpoints that create connections and ultimately drive transaction. Through Retail Marketing, eCommerce, Brand Communications, Media & Connections, and Data & Analytics, we accelerate conversion and build a brand's lifetime bond with its consumers. It's what we call living at the Intersection of Branding and Selling®. 
 A key member of Omnicom Group Inc. and the commerce arm of TBWA\Worldwide, The Integer Group has more than 1,100 associates in 25 offices around the globe, including locations in Africa, Asia, Australia, Europe, the Middle East, and North and South America. The Integer Group’s clients include AT&T, FedEx, Mars/Wrigley, Michelin, Nestlé, P&G, PepsiCo, Starbucks and more. 
 www.integer.com 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
