  
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Why Workplace
 
 About Us 
 workplace Team 
 Industries 
 
 
 Employment Opportunities
 
 Search Opportunities 
 apply online 
 
 
 Services
 
 executive and professional search 
 Temp-To-Hire Placement 
 Value-Added Services 
 
 
 Resources
 
 resources 
 Workplace Insights blog 
 
 
 work.inspired
 
 About Our work.inspired Video Series 
 LoRayne Logan, Founder and President of Workplace Staff and Search 
 Specialty Screw 
 Peter Provenzano, CEO of SupplyCore 
 Joani, Corporate Paralegal 
 Erica Pugh, Kettle Foods 
 Chris Dumelle, Petroleum Technician at Stenstrom Petroleum 
 Patti Bigger, Corporate Relations Manager at Specialty Screw 
 Fred Young, Forest City Gear 
 Mike Johnson, Concentric 
 Norma, Every ready Pin 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 Project Manager/Estimator 
 Tenille Weber  | January 14, 2021 
 
 Executive and Professional 
 Rockford, IL 
 Posted 1 week ago 
 
 Stenstrom Companies Ltd. 
 Project Manager/Estimator 
 **** Work with owner and/or architect to complete construction projects from beginning to end. 
 Essential Duties and Responsibilities: 
 
 Resolve issues with architects and engineers 
 Estimating/Bidding 
 Buyout jobs/purchase orders 
 Manage construction projects 
 Operates office equipment inclusive of phones, fax machine, computer and copier 
 Ability to maintain confidential information 
 Safety of job 
 
 Supervisory Responsibilities: 
 
 Supervise superintendents and subcontractors 
 Assign work to employees on jobsite, as well as office assistants 
 Check work for accuracy and completeness 
 
 Competency:  To perform this job successfully, an individual should demonstrate the following competencies: 
 Analytical  – Synthesizes complex or diverse information; Collects and researches data; Uses intuition and experience to complement data; Designs workflow and procedures. 
 Problem Solving  – Identifies and resolves problems in a timely manner; Gathers and analyzes information skillfully; Develops alternative solutions; Works well in group problem solving situations; Uses reason even when dealing with emotional topics. 
 Customer Service  – Manages difficult or emotional customer situations; Responds promptly to customer needs; Solicits feedback to improve service; Responds to requests for service and assistance; Meets commitments. 
 Interpersonal Skills  – Focuses on solving conflict, not blaming; Maintains confidentiality; Listens to others without interrupting; Keeps emotions under control; Remains open to others ideas and tries new things. 
 Oral Communication  – Speaks clearly and persuasively in positive or negative situations; Listens and gets clarification; Responds well to questions; Demonstrates group presentation skills; Participates in meetings. 
 Written Communication  – Writes clearly and informatively; Edits work for spelling and grammar; Varies writing style to meet needs. Presents numerical data effectively; Able to read and interpret written information. 
 Teamwork  – Balances team and individual responsibilities; Exhibits objectivity and openness to others views. Gives and welcomes feedback; Contributes to building a positive team spirit; Puts success of team about one’s own interest. Able to build morale and group commitments to goals and objectives; Supports everyone efforts to succeed. 
 Ethics  – Treats people with respect; keeps commitments; Inspires trust of others; Works with integrity and ethically; Upholds organizational values. 
 Planning/Organizing  – Prioritizes and plans work activities; Uses time efficiently; Plan for additional resources; Sets goals and objectives; Develops realistic action plans. 
 Professionalism  – Approaches other in a tactful manner. Reacts well under pressure; Plans for additional resources; Sets goals and objectives; Develops realistic action plans. 
 Dependability  – Follows instructions, responds to management direction; Takes responsibility for own actions; Keeps commitments; Commits to long hours of work when necessary to reach goals; Completes tasks on time or notifies appropriate person with and alternate plan. 
 Visionary Leadership  – Displays passion and optimism; Inspires respect and trust; Mobilizes other to fulfill the vision; Provides vision and inspiration to peers. Exhibits confidence in self and others; Inspires and motivates other to perform well; Effectively influences actions and opinions of others. Accepts feedback from others; Gives appropriate recognition to others. 
 Change Management  – Develops workable implementation plans; Communicates changes effectively; Builds commitment and overcomes resistance; Prepares and supports those affected by change; Monitors transition and evaluates results. 
 Business Acumen  – Understands business implications and decisions; Displays orientation to profitability; Demonstrates knowledge of market and competition; Aligns work with strategic goals. 
 Cost Consciousness  – Works within the job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skill and/or ability requires. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities perform the essential functions. 
 Education and/or Experience: 
 **** College business degree (BS/BA) preferred 
 High School graduate or equivalent 
 10 years of field experience 
 **** Mathematical Skills: 
 Ability to add, subtract, multiply and divide. 
 Reasoning Ability: 
 Ability to solve Practical problems and deal with a variety of customers. Strong analytical skills are a must. 
 
 Computer Skills: 
 Proficiency in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Access, Power Point) Submittal Exchange, AutoCAD 
 
 Other Skills and Abilities: 
 **** Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
 Ability to multi-task 
 Organized and detail oriented 
 Excellent documentation skills 
 Ability to work in a fast-paced environment 
 Good prioritization skills 
 
 Physical Demands:  The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. 
 While performing the essential functions of this job, the employee is regularly required to sit; use of hands to finger, handle, or feel and talk or hear. The employee is required to stand; walk and reach with hands and arms. The employee must occasionally lift and/or move up to 50 lbs. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus. The employee drives approximately 3 hours per day. 
 
 Work Environment:  The work environment characteristics described here are representative of those an employee encounters while performing the essential functions of this job. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. 
 The noise level in the work environment is usually quiet while in the office. Personal Protective Equipment is suggested while on job sites compliant with OSHA standards. Position entails being around heavy equipment on a daily basis. 
 To apply for this job  email your details to   tenille@workplacesearch.com 
 latest blog 
 Attracting, retaining and managing talent is important to the success of any organization, especially in times of uncertainty 
 Read More > 
 call us today 
 815.961.0600 Manufacturing/Industrial 
815.961.0500 Administrative 
815.961.0400 Executive/Professional 
               
 (C) 2021 Workplace Staffing. All Rights Reserved. Developed By:  KMK Media Group . 
