Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Quality Technician 
 Napoleon Group of Companies 
 __Barrie, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Title: Quality Technici  an 
 Reports To: Supervisor - Quality Assurance 
 Job Purpose  : 
 Audit our products and manufacturing processes, gather and analyze data, initiate problem solving, maintain our ISO standards and lead quality project activities to proactively promote the highest quality products for our customers. Test products for CSA / ETL compliance. 
 Key Responsibilities  : 
 
 Support production lines/areas for quality related issues. Exercise problem solving skills to implement corrective action for customer concerns in a timely manner and report as appropriate. 
 Inspect purchased product to see if it meets with our incoming inspection criteria. Conduct preliminary checks of new product, complete inspection report and take to R&D for sign off. 
 Package defective incoming product, label with RMR number and hold for disposition from purchasing. 
 Contain and identify nonconforming products. Issue Email Hold Notifications, issue Quality Alerts, and issue Concessions. 
 Issue Nonconformance Reports and conduct Process Audits. 
 Assist production with the training of new production associates using product and quality experience. 
 Participate in factory audits for certification agencies CSA, Intertek/ETL, Warnock Hersey, CE and OMNI for North American division. Work with each test agency to ensure product is being tested effectively. 
 Review work instructions and audit plan for certification for the applicable businesses. 
 Assist in the smooth implementation of audits and inspections related to certifications. 
 Coordinate and conduct first-off on Kits and accessories for North American division. 
 Apply basic quality principles and practices with a working knowledge of analytical and problem solving tools (Pareto Charts, 8 Step, FMEA). Comply with ISO Management System 
 Communicate effectively both verbal and written with all levels within the entire value chain, and promote positive relationships. 
 
 Education & Experience : 
 
 Completion of High School or GED equivalent 
 Minimum of 3 years related experience in Quality 
 High School/GED Diploma 
 Excellent computer skills (Microsoft Word, Excel, Visual). 
 Effectively communicate (both written and verbal) process audit results with production leadership 
 Read and interpret engineering drawings 
 Correct use of measurement tools to ensure product conformance to engineering drawings (i.e. Verniers, micrometers, manometers, dielectric testers, etc) 
 Basic understanding of quality principles (Pareto charts, 8 step, control plans) 
 
 The Napoleon Group of Companies is committed to fair and accessible employment practices that attract and retain Associates with disabilities. This includes providing accessibility across all stages of the employment cycle. Accommodation is available upon request. 
 Job Type: Full-time 
 Experience: 
 
 Quality: 3 years (Required) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
