Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Department Manager – Northern Canada Relocation 
 The North West Company 
 __Canada 
 Apply Now 
 Northern and NorthMart is looking for full time Department Managers for stores across northern Canada. 
 Join our team in the following departments: 
Grocery 
Produce 
General Merchandise 
Food Service 
Deli & Bakery 
Meat 
Administration 
 What it takes to be a Department Manager with us 
 Department Managers play a valuable role in the day-to-day operations of our stores to ensure we provide a variety of essential services to the communities in which we operate. Being a Department Manager can be incredibly varied. You could be merchandising or ordering for a specific department, serving customers at the till, receiving deliveries, planning the scheduling for your team or taking charge of the store when the Store Manager is away. 
 What you can look forward to: 
Driving profitable sales for your department 
Accountability for the full operations of your department 
Coaching, motivating and developing a team of store associates 
Prioritizing and tasking work duties 
Planning, organizing, managing and merchandising your department inventory 
Monitoring and adjusting customer service levels within your department 
 What you will discover 
 Our environment is a little different than others. You will experience challenges that are unique to our communities. Things can get unpredictable but we are a resilient team that take control of difficult situations; we think outside the box and get creative in order to get the job done. Our best department managers understand this is a physically demanding role and are not afraid to be hands on to get the job done. Enterprising, passionate individuals who are good planners and organizers are always successful with us! 
 What you’ll receive in return 
 Joining our team as a Department Manager allows you to take ownership of your own department, create plans and strategies to help increase sales and retain customer loyalty. Department Managers need to be driven, but also goal oriented as we are all working together to reach our targets. In return, we enable our Department Managers to share in the profitable growth of the business, which translates into meaningful financial compensation. We also offer a comprehensive salary and benefits, combined with development and career opportunities to help our managers to learn and grow into a future Retail leader. 
 Comprehensive salary and benefits package 
Subsidized food and housing programs 
Career growth opportunities 
Excellent training program 
Opportunity to explore northern Canada 
 What you’ll need to begin your career with us 
 We’re looking for a Department Manager with a healthy sense of adventure, who is willing to lead from the front, displays a strong work ethic, and has the ability to work well in changeable situations. 
 You will also bring: 
Minimum of 18 months experience of retail store experience; ideally in a high-volume grocery/retail environment and/or within the specific department of preference - however, we are always willing to train the right candidate in a new department area if they have the willingness to learn new skills 
Experience in budget planning, reading & analyzing financial reports, product presentation & merchandising, inventory & cost control; and getting sales to drive results. 
Curiosity required to develop community relations by working with store associates and community partners respectfully, knowledgeably and effectively 
Capability to role model, coach and reinforce operational expectations; combined with the ability to exemplify empathy in leading a team 
Proven organizational, planning and prioritizing skills 
Ability to adapt to changing environments and situations by demonstrating proficiency in problem solving and decision making skills while communicating operational requirements/changes to department associates 
 Candidates must be willing to relocate to multiple markets in the northernmost regions of Alberta, Manitoba, Ontario, Saskatchewan, Quebec, Nunavut, and Northwest Territories. Relocation arrangements will be made and paid for by Northern and NorthMart. 
 For the safety of our northern communities, relocated employees will be subject to mandatory 14-day isolation period. 
 We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Northern and NorthMart is part of The North West group of companies. We are proud to serve and support communities in Northern Canada. Our stores offer a broad range of products and services with an emphasis on food, and our goal is to be the best local shopping choice for everyday household and local lifestyle needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
