Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Regional Clinical Lead 
 West Coast Seniors Housing Management 
 __Vancouver Island, BC 
 Apply Now 
 LOCATION: Courtenay, Parksville, Nanaimo, Victoria 
 Summary of Position: 
 Reporting to the Vice President, Clinical & Quality and/or designate, this position provides leadership in the implementation of clinical care system design activities and the management of all clinical requirements to meet the vision and objectives of West Coast Senior Housing Management. 
 The Regional Clinical Lead will have a particular focus on ensuring their homes maintain the following as core deliverables: 
 
 Provide safe and appropriate resident focused care of the highest quality 
 Ensure all legislative and regulatory requirements are met 
 Build and support collaborative relationships with internal and external stakeholders 
 Team members are continually educated to competently execute their duties and meet regulatory requirements 
 Support team members in providing exceptional service 
 Fiscally responsible decisions 
 
 Responsibilities: 
 The primary roles and responsibilities of the Regional Clinical Lead includes but is not limited to: 
 
 Provide leadership, coaching and mentoring to the clinical teams 
 Provides leadership on and collaborates with other disciplines to develop and implement, evaluate care standards, clinical practice guidelines and other processes to help to inform practice services and support excellence in service delivery consistent with provincial and national guidelines. 
 Provide the requisite oversight, and support, to ensure all clinical metrics are met within the portfolio. 
 Develops and implements, evaluates integrated systems and processes to promote the development of competent staff, support professional and clinical practice and decision-making and enhance collaborative working relationship throughout the organization and with external stakeholders. 
 Liaise with Health Authority around regional practices and initiatives 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 Undergraduate degree in Nursing. 
 Registered Nurse with current practicing registration with the relevant regulatory professional body. 
 Five years of recent, related clinical and leadership experience. 
 Preference will be given to a candidate with a Masters’ degree in a related health care field (ideally with a focus on gerontology). 
 
 Skills and Abilities: 
 
 Ability to function independently and collaboratively within a team and demonstrate strong leadership abilities. 
 Ability to apply system-wide thinking to develop, implement and evaluate programs that inform management in areas of clinical practice 
 Ability to role model expert practice and ability to assist in the development of professional skills for interdisciplinary teams. 
 Knowledge of adult education and learning principles and ability to integrate into programs and strategies. 
 Computer skills, including the ability to use MS Office. Experience with Point Click Care and MDS-RAI would be an asset 
 Physical ability to perform the work which will involve travel to various sites. 
 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Experience: 
 
 recent, related clinical and leadership: 5 years (Required) 
 
 Education: 
 
 Bachelor's Degree (Required) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 BCCNM as an RN (Required) 
 Nursing (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
