Customer Service Representative 
 Yours #3cITy adventure awaits! 
 Apply 
 location_city 
 Tricity 
 book 
 Training & education budget 
 watch_later 
 Flexible working hours 
 person 
 Mentor 
 en 
 
 pl 
 
 expand_more 
 One application, countless possibilities! 
 Do you love connecting with people and thrive on solving problems? If yes, then this is definitely for you! Some of the best product, PAAS and SAAS companies are looking for people with excellent language, communication and problem solving skills to better connect with their customers. 
Wondering why you should be applying? Well.... submit your resume once and we will deliver it to all our partner companies looking for skilled accountants like you. 
Are you ready to take your career to the next level? 
 What you will do 
 Expand allchevron_right 
 alarm_add 
 Resolve issues 
 chevron_right 
 People reach out to you seeking help and support. You will be their hero. Help them overcome obstacles and provide useful tips along the way. Manage incoming inquiries with accuracy and efficiency like no one before you. Provide appropriate solutions within specific time limits. 
 feedback 
 Gather feedback 
 chevron_right 
 Something is not working at all or creating too many issues? Identify and assess customers’ needs to achieve another level of satisfaction. Put yourself in their shoes. Become their voice for the entire team and help design better solutions. 
 trending_up 
 Improve 
 chevron_right 
 Take the extra mile to ensure excellent service standards. Not only follow procedures, guidelines and policies, but create and improve upon them. Search for best practices. Innovate. It’s up to you. 
 What we expect 
 Expand allchevron_right 
 language 
 Language skills 
 chevron_right 
 You’re great at foreign languages and you love to talk. You know English at least B1 level. 
Knowledge of any of the following languages would an asset: French, Dutch, Portuguese, Norwegian, Italian, Finnish, Czech, German, Swedish, Finnish. 
 bar_chart 
 Analytical mind 
 chevron_right 
 You like working with data and analyzing it. You can quickly find patterns and combine facts. Conclusions come to you naturally. 
 textsms 
 Communications skills 
 chevron_right 
 You’ve got strong communication skills with the ability and flexibility to cooperate successfully with clients and peers. Empathy is your characteristic. You can step into the client's shoes and answer all the questions with patience. 
 clear_all 
 Multitasking 
 chevron_right 
 You like when a lot is happening around you. You thrive in a fast paced environment and are able to take on many challenges without dropping the ball. 
 Perks & Benefits 
 language 
 Free language classes 
 single_bed 
 Ergonomic workplaces 
 book 
 Training & education budget 
 insert_drive_file 
 Employment Contract 
 public 
 International projects 
 event 
 Sponsored participation in events and conferences 
 sync_alt 
 Relocation benefits 
 house 
 Work from home 
 watch_later 
 Flexible working hours 
 person 
 Mentor programs 
 Why you would want to work and live in the Tricity 
 Expand allchevron_right 
 computer 
 One of the best working conditions in Poland 
 chevron_right 
 According to research, experts and managers declared the Tricity the third most attractive relocation destination in Poland. 
 87% of employees from the Tricity deem their working conditions and environment to be good. 61% of employees indicated the Tricity as the best place to settle in Poland. 
 monetization_on 
 Competitive salaries 
 chevron_right 
 The salaries in the Pomeranian Region are among the highest in the country. The average salary in 2018 was 5248,44 PLN, making them the fourth-highest in Poland after the Mazovian, Silesian and Lower Silesian regions. This is particularly significant as the cost of living is low and the standard of living in Tricity is higher than other places. 
 call_made 
 Growing job market 
 chevron_right 
 More and more opportunities in diverse job positions have opened up because of a large number of investments in the Pomeranian Region. The level of unemployment is very low (2,3% in Tricity vs. 5,8% in Poland), hence the constant need for talented individuals to fuel the growth. 
 tag_faces 
 Happiest place in Poland 
 chevron_right 
 Life in the Pomeranian Region is the perfect balance between the possibilities of big cities and the peace and quiet offered by small towns. This is why the locals tend to be happier and more relaxed. 
73,7% of people consider themselves happy or very happy with life in the Pomeranian Region, which makes us the happiest region Poland! 
86% of people believe that the quality of life in the Tricity is good, and, we are not the only ones saying it. A recent survey done by Numbeo on quality of life vs cost of living ranked the Tricity as the 33 best city in Europe and 88 in the world! 
 nature_people 
 Nature. Everywhere. 
 chevron_right 
 If you love nature, then you are going to love the Tricity for the sheer abundance of nature. 
From forests with great hiking trails to hills to climb to sand dunes to breathtaking beaches to skiing slopes, the Tricity has it all! 
 If you want, you can even venture out of the Tricity and make your way to Kaszubia and enjoy the amazing Kashubian Lake District with breathtaking lakes that lie 149 to 216 metres above sea level. 
 local_movies 
 There is always something to do 
 chevron_right 
 Come hail or high water, you’ll always be spoiled for choice for things to do in the Tricity. 
A diverse and vibrant community (please change it to We got connection to the right places 
The Tricity is one of the best-connected cities in Europe in terms of flight, ferry and bus connections to other cities in Poland and Europe. The Gdańsk Lech Wałęsa Airport is the 3rd largest airport in Poland, and connects the Tricity to over 60 destinations within Poland and the EU and many international destinations too! 
We are also well connected by ferries and cruises to over 10 destinations within the EU and of course Polski Bus and the PKP Intercity connects you to the rest of Poland and other parts of the EU. True to it’s history, the Tricity is a crossroad for those who love to travel and explore. 
 map 
 We are connected! 
 chevron_right 
 The Tricity has excellent connections to the rest of Europe and beyond in terms of flight, ferry and bus connections to other cities in Poland and Europe. The Gdańsk Lech Wałęsa Airport is the 3rd largest airport in Poland, and connects the Tricity to over 60 destinations within Poland and the EU and many international destinations too! 
 We are also well connected by ferries and cruises to over 10 destinations within the EU and of course Polski Bus and the PKP Intercity connects you to the rest of Poland and other parts of the EU. True to it's history, the Tricity is a crossroad for those who love to travel and explore. 
 supervised_user_circle 
 A diverse and vibrant community 
 chevron_right 
 The Tricity is fast becoming a melting pot of culture. A recent survey shows us that the city speaks more than 34 languages! A vibrant mix of various nationalities ensures that you can learn from a variety of cultures, meet people from across the world and of course, taste some truly international flavors! 
 Discover Pomerania 
 Join us! 
 First name 
 Last name 
 Email 
 Phone number 
 I accept  Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy  of Live more. Pomerania 
 I agree to the Terms and Conditions and Privacy Policy of service 
 Apply 
