Skip to content Menu 
 
 About this blog 
 Meet the bloggers 
 
 Student blogs from Karolinska Institutet 
 
 Category: Career 
 5 questions that usually don't get answered: MSc in Biomedicine edition 
 
 After finishing my two-year master's degree in Biomedicine, this blog will sadly be my last one. It feels surreal to end this blogging journey and also graduate at KI which I spoke in a previous blog. My final blog is going to be about the most common questions I receive from prospective students about the masters in…  Read More 5 questions that usually don't get answered: MSc in Biomedicine edition 
 September 30, 2020September 30, 2020   Sara Abu Ajamieh – Biomedicine (MSc) Leave a comment 
 Going digital: the 26th Annual KI-Mayo Research Meeting 
 
 The recent KI-Mayo research meeting (I'm going to call it "the conference" from hereon) was a great experience so I thought I'd share my thoughts and takeaways from it! Here's a little teaser of the things I'll be going over about in this blog: The scale of the entirely digital conference Some pros and cons…  Read More Going digital: the 26th Annual KI-Mayo Research Meeting 
 September 19, 2020September 22, 2020   Inika Prasad — Biomedicine BSc Leave a comment 
 Health Informatics class of 2020 - three months later 
 
 Time does flies. One day we were just starting our introductions in Autumn term 2018 and then “suddenly”, here we are in autumn 2020. It was approximately three months after our graduation. Maybe some of you are wondering about the career opportunities after you become an alumni of the Health Informatics Programme. So, here is…  Read More Health Informatics class of 2020 - three months later 
 September 13, 2020   Winner Ng - Health Informatics 5 Comments 
 My summer internship in health economics 
 
 This is the second of a series of blogposts in which I am sharing a little (I had to consider confidentiality) about my summer job experiences while reflecting on the process and outcomes. For clarification purposes, the Health Economics, Policy and Management Global Programme at KI does not include/require/offer internship opportunities. Internships are completely optional…  Read More My summer internship in health economics 
 August 31, 2020   Julio Sosa - Health Economics, Policy and Management Leave a comment 
 My summer job at Harvard School of Public Health 
 
 During the earlier months this year, I had a big question at the back of my head: what should I do this summer? I started applying since January to many internship programmes both in Sweden and abroad. I was very decided to spend my whole summer indoors working hard to learn by practicing and accumulating…  Read More My summer job at Harvard School of Public Health 
 August 31, 2020September 10, 2020   Julio Sosa - Health Economics, Policy and Management Leave a comment 
 Pursuing a PhD after completing Master's Programme in Nutrition Science: Interviewing my classmates 
 
 June 4, 2020 is the graduation day for all KI master's students who have finished their thesis project in the spring 2020. I am so happy that almost all my classmates and I graduated as Master of Medical Science with a Major in Nutrition Science in that day. Yeay! 🙂 Yet, it was not the…  Read More Pursuing a PhD after completing Master's Programme in Nutrition Science: Interviewing my classmates 
 August 26, 2020August 26, 2020   Resthie Putri - Nutrition Science Leave a comment 
 5 facts on the Swedish education system: KI master’s programmes edition 
 
 Hello my dear fellas! I hope you are all fine and enjoying sunny days! This time on my blog, I want to discuss a very significant topic: The Swedish education system. I thought that it would be very interesting to make a comparison between the education system at Latin America and the one at Sweden.…  Read More 5 facts on the Swedish education system: KI master’s programmes edition 
 August 21, 2020   Aline Colonnello - Toxicology Leave a comment 
 Interviewing an MS​c in Biomedicine alumni: Startup, industry, or academia? 
 
 Now is the best time to explore different opportunities! You graduated, and you're starting the process of closing a chapter of your life. Some are taking it slowly while others already set their goals for a position in mind. I was discussing it with friends on the advantage of sharing previous Master's in Biomedicine alumni…  Read More Interviewing an MS​c in Biomedicine alumni: Startup, industry, or academia? 
 August 20, 2020August 20, 2020   Sara Abu Ajamieh – Biomedicine (MSc) 1 Comment 
 Summer internships for KI students: Where and how we got it 
 
 Hello everyone! Hope you are enjoying your summer in the best way that you can and that you are getting more and more excited for your start at KI this fall! This blogpost intends to share how some of the Bioentrepreneurship students managed to get internships over the summer! The first year ended with our…  Read More Summer internships for KI students: Where and how we got it 
 August 2, 2020August 2, 2020   Tina Sayari - Bioentrepreneurship Leave a comment 
 5 thoughts on my first year at the Toxicology programme 
 
 Hello everyone! I hope you are having an amazing and relaxing summer. As you may have noticed, I have been away for some weeks, because I am also enjoying my summer holiday. However, during this time I have had a lot of time to reflect on how my first year at the Toxicology programme was.…  Read More 5 thoughts on my first year at the Toxicology programme 
 July 20, 2020July 28, 2020   Aline Colonnello - Toxicology Leave a comment 
 Posts navigation 
 Older posts 
 Search 
 Search for: 
 Programmes 
 
 Bioentrepreneurship 
 Biomedicine 
 
 Biomedicine (BSc) 
 Biomedicine (MSc) 
 
 
 Global Health 
 Health Economics, Policy and Management 
 Health Informatics 
 Molecular Techniques in Life Science 
 Nutrition Science 
 Public Health Sciences - Epidemiology 
 Public Health Sciences Health Promotion and Prevention 
 Toxicology 
 
 Student life 
 
 Academics 
 Accommodation 
 Application and admission 
 Campus guides and events 
 Career 
 Humans of KI 
 Life in Sweden 
 Living costs 
 Pre-arrival 
 Scholarships 
 Travelling 
 
 Our visitors 
 
 1,197,484 hits 
 
 Tags 
 #kistudents   bachelor programme   Campus Life at Solna   career opportunities   course review   food   International students KI   Life in Sweden   Master's thesis   research   Stockholm   Study in Sweden   Swedish Language   Thesis   Travels 
 Other blogs for prospective students 
 
 Karolinska Institutet Career Blog 
 Simon Peyda Moore (1989 - present) 
 Study in Sweden Blog — blogs.sweden.se 
 
 
 Bloggers 
 
   Inika Prasad - Biomedicine (BSc)   
   Tina Sayari- Bioentrepreneurship   
   Anne Flint - Health Informatics   
   Sara Abu Ajamieh - Biomedicine (MSc) 
   Winner Ng - Health Informatics 
   Julio Sosa- Health Economics, Policy and Management 
   Ines Rivero Garcia - Molecular Techniques in Life Science 
   Resthie Putri - Nutrition Science 
   Aleksandra Kanina - Public Health Sciences (Epidemiology) 
   Lauren Wiebe - Public Health Sciences (Health Promotion and Prevention) 
   Aline Colonnello - Toxicology 
 Instagram 
   Iida Tynkkynen - Health Economics, Policy and Management (MSc) 
   Marlene Rietz - Biomedicine (BSc) 
 Facebook 
   Tetiana Poliakova - Biomedicine (MSc) 
   Tinkara Vozel - Bioentrepreneurship 
 Youtube 
   Rahul Kanjilimadom - Health Economics, Policy and Management 
   Mariam Abdallah - Biomedicine (BSc) 
   Mireia Mateo - Bioentrepreneurship 
 Chinese Social Media 
   Yuyang Miao - Biomedicine (MSc)   
   Charles Zhang - Biomedicine (MSc) 
 
 Follow us on facebook 
 
 Follow us on facebook 
 
 Follow us on Youtube 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EyVku1nx-Zw 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
 Disadvantages of distance learning and how to tackle them 
 Top 10 Swedish traditions and celebrations 
 6 Steps to get a practice license in Sweden for a non-EU medical doctor 
 7 Swedish words that English speakers shouldn't be confused about 
 🌍 5 ways to help improve Global Health in your daily lives. 
 "En" and "Ett" 
 WFH (working from home) - How to make home office work for you 
 What to expect from the infamous Biostatistics 1 course 
 9 free online courses for introducing you to Health Informatics 
 Vreau să studiez în Suedia! De unde încep? 
 
 Social 
 
 View prospectivestudentKI's profile on Facebook 
 View @KIstudentblogs's profile on Twitter 
 View kistudents's profile on Instagram 
 LinkedIn 
 YouTube 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Karolinska Institutet Career Blog 
 An inside perspective on being a researcher and career advice 
 Simon Peyda Moore (1989 - present) 
 MSc in Biomedicine, Global Health, UX 
 Study in Sweden Blog — blogs.sweden.se 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Our Cookie Policy  
