  
 
 Home 
 Job Search 
 Recruitment 
 Resume Tips 
 Interview Tips 
 Career Advice 
 
 Finding a job you love, this Valentine’s day! 
 __ February 13, 2020  __ Workruit  __ Job search  __ 0 
 Jobs at your fingertips 
 Finding the perfect job is truly like finding your soul-mate. In fact, an average person spends more productive time at work than he does at home — so it is only more necessary that they find the place to work where they feel passionate, connected and excited, every day. And while you might be used to looking for love on apps like Tinder, did you know that finding the job of your dream might also be just as easy? 
 With  Workruit  , it is now as easy as ‘  swipe right  ’ —  just like Tinder  , to find the perfect job for you. This unique and  innovative digital tool  for jobs provides individuals from a variety of educational backgrounds and experience levels with an opportunity to explore jobs across India, effectively without wasting time or effort in searching job-sites. With a seamless, mobile interface, coupled with cutting edge  AI-driven technology  the app stays with you wherever you go, and gives you instant updates on the latest, most relevant jobs that are tailored to fit your interest areas and skill-levels. 
 Further, we think you should make the most of this valentine’s season to get the much-needed advantage to  land your dream job . Here’s how - 
 
 Lesser competition:  With most of the young crowd busy with their valentine’s day holidays and celebrations, you are most likely to gain a competitive advantage by applying for jobs in this season. Take advantage of this situation and get the Workruit app, and start  ‘swiping right’  now. Who knows — you might land your dream interview before your peers return from their holiday! 
 Major hiring season  : The first quarter of the calendar year is often a peak hiring season across the world. This coupled with the closing financial year in March means that recruiters are looking to quickly fill in several posts before the year closes. It is, therefore, a fantastic time to search for  online jobs  , and take your  career  to the next level. 
 Hundreds of new postings:  We have hundreds of new job requirements posted on  Workruit  every single day. Keeping your profile up-to-date and checking in on your dashboard updates often might be a great way to stay ahead in their highly  competitive job market. 
 
 In fact, even if you are actually on a holiday — you can still check out jobs on your mobile, without any hassle. As the app works  just like Tinder  , you will also not need to get into the hassle of sifting through detailed job-descriptions and company profiles before selecting the jobs to apply for. Just log in to the  Workruit  app, check out your dashboard for new jobs that are curated to fit your profile and start swiping right on the ones that you like. 
 It’ll take no more than a minute to check out a few jobs, and there are new  job vacancies  posted every day. So, be sure to log back in, every day. And our promise to you is that we will never show you any job that doesn’t suit your exact profile and preference. 
 Are you ready to fall in love with your work and build a  career  , this valentine’s season? If yes, get the  Workruit mobile app  , right away,  click here . 
 Already got the Workruit mobile app for jobs? What are you waiting for?  Swipe right for jobs now! 
 
 Your dream job is waiting for you.. All you have to do is a swipe! 
 
 Do away with age-old job-search platforms. Embrace the innovative and easy way to connect with a potential employer? Download the Workruit app here —  www.workruit.com/download 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 __ 
 
 job hunting 
 job search 
 jobs 
 valentine day 
 workruit 
 
 [Previous 
 3 Reasons You Should Not Feel Guilty About Leaving Your Job 
 ](https://blog.workruit.com/2019/01/10/3-reasons-you-should-not-feel-guilty-about-leaving-your-job/) 
 [Next 
 Take a leap forward on your job search with this leap year 
 ](https://blog.workruit.com/2020/02/27/take-a-leap-forward-on-your-job-search-with-this-leap-year/) 
 Be the first to comment 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 What's new? 
 
 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CqjfXwPGvek 
 Search a blog 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 6 Tips for a Career Change 
 How to recognize if it's a good job or bad job for you? 
 Kick-start your career early while pursuing your degree 
 11 Tips to Create an Amazing Resume 
 Career-advice: Tips for first-time job seekers 
 
 
 Workruit aims at simplifying job search and recruitment using advanced Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning technologies. The time taken for the hiring process is reduced by half since Workruit sifts the applicants using data analytics and displays only relevant profiles that match your requirements. 
 Categories 
 
 Career Advice 
 Hiring 
 Hiring Tips 
 Interview Tips 
 Job search 
 Resume Tips 
 
 Follow Us 
 
 Facebook  
 Instagram  
 Twitter  
 LinkedIn  
 Medium  
 YouTube  
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 | WordPress Theme by  MH Themes 
 %d bloggers like this: 
