  
 Work-for-RVers-and-Campers.com 
 Menu 
 
 RVers: Start Here
 
 Workers On Wheels Home 
 Announcements 
 WOW E-mail News 
 Help Wanted Ads for RVers 
 Featured Employers 
 Home Biz Op Directory 
 Work Wanted Ads from RVers 
 The Basics for Working RVers 
 Workers On Wheels Blog 
 
 
 RV Work
 
 Bob's RV Work Articles 
 Campground Work 
 Property Caretaking 
 Flea Markets 
 Network Marketing 
 Temp Agencies 
 Teaching Jobs 
 Volunteering 
 Online Work 
 
 
 More RV Work
 
 Writing for Profit 
 Agricultural Jobs 
 Disney Jobs 
 Employment 
 Referral Fees 
 RV Home Business 
 Seasonal Jobs 
 Tourism Jobs 
 Website Building 
 Tips for Working RVers 
 
 
 RV Work Lifestyles
 
 Dream Jobs 
 RVing w/ Kids 
 Single RVers 
 Survey Polls 
 Testimonials 
 Worker's Stories 
 
 
 RV Work Resources
 
 Mail Service 
 Resume Help 
 Questions/Answers 
 Taxes 
 Tax and Legal 
 Books 
 Mags/Newsletters 
 
 
 WOW Admin
 
 About Us 
 Privacy Policy 
 Disclosure 
 Contact the Editor 
 Site Search 
 
 
 
 
 Jobs for People Like Me 
 Jobs. Success. We at Workers On Wheels love to help RVers succeed. One way we do that is by answering questions. We give practical, honest answers. We don't buy into myths and excuses. We don't sugar coat. And, we often believe in you more than you believe in yourself. 
 Yes, There Are Jobs 
 This article is about one of the most common questions people ask us about working and RVing. 
 "I am _________. Are there any jobs out there for working campers like me?" 
 Fill in the blank, with whatever it is that you think makes you special. 
 Read that again. 
 Fill in the blank. With whatever. You. Think. Makes. You. Special. 
 Here are some we've heard: 
 
 
 single 
 
 
 disabled 
 
 
 diabetic 
 
 
 retired 
 
 
 black 
 
 
 broke 
 
 
 a veteran 
 
 
 female 
 
 
 gay 
 
 
 in my 20s 
 
 
 in my 70s 
 
 
 a dog owner 
 
 
 Canadian 
 
 
 overweight 
 
 
 new to RVing 
 
 
 living in a tent 
 
 
 a homemaker 
 
 
 a truck driver 
 
 
 a professional 
 
 
 hard of hearing 
 
 
 wanting to travel 
 
 
 a high school drop-out 
 
 
 full-timing with a pickup camper 
 
 
 a mother with two preschoolers 
 
 
 married, but my spouse doesn't work 
 
 
 a divorced father with custody of my kids 
 
 
 in Hawaii (or one of the other 49 states) 
 
 
 None of the above makes one iota of difference in whether or not you can find work while RVing. None of the above make a squat of difference in whether or not you can earn a living while RVing. 
 Those things make a difference in the kinds of work you can do. A high school dropout -- okay, axe the jobs working as a travel nurse in emergency rooms. Overweight like me -- cross being an acrobat in the circus from your list. Living in a tent -- you won't get hired to host in the fancy "motorcoach only" RV resort. Use some common sense. You aren't qualified to do every job out there. 
 But that doesn't matter. 
 What does matter is your attitude. A lot. A whole lot. 
 Here's how you find work, in spite of whatever it is that you put in the blank at the start of this article. 
 Stop whining. 
 Stop playing the victim. 
 Stop telling people what you can't do. 
 Stop begging people to give you a chance. Instead, take a chance on yourself. Step out of the "poor me" mindset. 
 Focus on what you can do. Pay attention to what is good in your life. Emphasize your strengths and your capabilities. Get additional training to expand your options. Get your transportation and living quarters neat and clean. 
 Determination and willingness to do a job are the main requirements to make it as a working RVer. Excitement and enthusiasm go a long way with prospective employers. 
 Your physical attributes, the age and type of your RV, and your personal circumstances are what you make of them. This will burst a few bubbles -- but most people don't care. 
 Most employers won't ask about your age, color, marital status, and other personal factors because they just don't care. Anti-discrimination policies are in place for the exceptions who do. But, again, an employer's concern is with whether or not you meet the job requirements and whether or not you can do the job. 
 So, to answer that question: Are there any jobs out there for working campers like me? The answer is, "Yes." 
 You must want them. You must focus on what you can do. Look for work for which you are qualified. Take a course or get a certification. Be willing to do what it takes. Have a healthy, positive attitude. The jobs are there for you. 
 And, as a closing thought, if you don't like the jobs other people have available for you, consider self-employment. 
 Read more about what it takes to be a working RVer and how to get started. 
 Go to our blog to see what's new here on Workers On Wheels - Work-for-RVers-and-Campers.com and to find more info about earning a living while full-time RVing. 
 Disclosure: We receive compensation from advertisers, affiliate relationships, and site sponsors  
 Jen Work Camping 
 Most Recently 
 
   
   
   
 
 
 
 Creater Lake OR, Lake Powell UT &AZ;, Olympic Peninsula WA 
 
 
 Jan 19, 21 07:08 PM 
 What It's Like Working at a National Park? Crater Lake (OR), Lake Powell (UT & AZ), & Olympic Peninsula (WA) are all hiring for their Summer 2021 season! 
 Read More 
 You can produce an income Work Camping. 
 Work Camping- What is it all about. Click this link for Video 
 https://youtu.be/ujOOPEbJGvY  
 
 Coleen and Bob Workers On Wheels Founders 
 
 
 Post Your Help Wanted Ad on Workers On Wheels 
- Click Here 
 *** 
 
 
 
 
 
 Copyright 1992-2020 All Rights Reserved - No reproduction permitted without written permission. 
 Contact Info  -- Jim Erickson, Workers On Wheels, Work-for-RVers-and-Campers.com 
 Disclosure: This site provides helpful and entertaining information thanks to compensation received from quality advertisers and affiliate relationships. 
 Privacy Policy 
 Workers On Wheels is our website and newsletter about working while RVing -- working while living in a home on wheels. There are so many kinds of work to do while RVing and camping (what some campers call workcamping or work camping). We help RV workers -- whether snowbirds or full-time RVers -- find campground jobs, volunteer jobs, jobs with RV spaces, seasonal jobs, mobile employment, short-term paid employment, and other ways to earn an income and cut expenses while enjoying life in a recreational vehicle. Thanks for visiting our WOW website! ~ Jim, your Workers On Wheels editor, at work-for-RVers-and-campers.com
*[Jan 19, 21 07:08 PM]: 2021-01-19T19:08:17-0500 
