Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Tutor 
 XtraLearn Inc. 
 __Georgina, ON 
 Apply Now 
 XtraLearn is an Education Company based in Ontario, Canada that offers In-Home Tutoring services. 
 A lot of Students are not experiencing success in school, and our Mission is to make the process of learning a better experience, one Student at a time. 
 We know our Company is only as good as our Tutors. So, we take great care of our Tutors. The positions are competitive to obtain, but the work is fun if you are passionate about Tutoring, and financially rewarding if you are hard working. 
 Many of our Students are referrals from previous Students and their families - we think this speaks volumes about how we do things. 
 And because of how we do things, we have lots of work available, many with immediate start dates. 
 We are looking for independent contractor Tutors in all subjects, with Math, Science, Physics, Chemistry, English and French being the subjects with the greatest demand from our students. 
 Get back to us and if you are what we are looking for, we will place you in our Tutor Database immediately. 
 Tutors meet Students whenever is mutually convenient for the Student's family and the Tutor. This could be during weekday mornings, weekday evenings or on weekends. It depends when you want to work. Our Tutors find it extremely flexible. 
 If you are an experienced Tutor who can travel to Students' homes in the Greater Toronto Area and can tutor them in Elementary school, High school or University courses, we look forward to hearing from you. 
 Please include 
 
 Your Resume 
 List of all Subjects, Grades and Courses that you can tutor 
 List of Cities and areas that you can visit students in (the more cities you can drive to, the more work we will be able to give you) 
 
 Job duties 
 
 To meet with Students at their homes (or other agreed upon locations) at pre-arranged mutually convenient times (attendance and punctuality are extremely important.) 
 To guide and help Students through the material they are studying, and helping them get excellent marks 
 To answer all Student questions and provide all necessary explanations 
 To assess and evaluate student learning and provide feedback to the Student and their family. 
 To report back to XtraLearn at the end of each meeting with a written summary of the meeting including all material and relevant details. 
 
 Job Requirements 
 
 Professional Behaviour (dress, attendance, punctuality, confidentiality, respect) 
 Natural ability to break material down into smaller pieces and explain them well 
 Identify gaps in Student knowledge and skills 
 Prior Tutoring or Teaching experience 
 Strong communication skills 
 Recent Vulnerable Sector Police Check 
 A car to use to drive to Students' homes 
 
 Compensation 
 
 Hourly Tutoring: $25.00 per hour for hourly tutoring 
 Entire Course: Up to $1000.00 (including bonuses) flat fee for tutoring support through an entire course. Multiple such flat fee entire course support tutoring contracts can be done simultaneously. Contact us for more details. 
 
 Job Type: Contract 
 Salary: $20.00 to $25.00 /hour 
 Experience: 
 
 Tutoring: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Education: 
 
 Bachelor's Degree (Preferred) 
 
 Language: 
 
 English (Required) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
