Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Night Stocking Representative(Store A Volume) 
 Staples Canada 
 __Saskatoon, SK 
 Apply Now 
 Responsible for the restocking of shelves, maintaining plan-o-grams, promo planners, price changes, ad set-up, general cleaning and maintenance. Accountable to maintain established company standards for store appearance, presentation and condition. 
 Primary Responsibilities: 
Moves products from receiving to appropriate sales floor locations. 
Down-stocks products from overstock/mid-stock to sales floor locations. 
Labels and organizes overstock/mid-stock as per company standards. 
Maintains company merchandising standards, including current pricing, signage, plan-o-grams, promotional planners, ad set-ups and displays. 
Ensures that EAS (electronic article surveillance) security tags are placed onto all newly received product as indicated by company policy as required. 
Properly secures company assets and physical inventory and follows all loss prevention and key control procedures. 
Has a complete understanding of all company policies and procedures related to this position, as outlined in the training checklist. 
Checks all sources of communication for information (white boards, bulletin boards, portal, etc). 
Identifies and communicates suggestions for improvements in all areas of business. 
Maintains general cleanliness of all work areas, lunchroom and washrooms as assigned, according to company standards. 
Responsible for the safe and proper use of all store equipment and are required to inform management of any maintenance issues regarding the equipment. 
Associate is expected to maintain a safe working environment and follow all company protocols for safety and is required to report any unsafe working conditions to a manager. 
As per policy, required to have personal parcels (bags, totes, backpacks, purses, etc.) checked by a manager prior to leaving the store premises. 
 Qualifications 
 Basic: 
Capacity to work independently and seek out assistance as required. 
Ability to plan, organize and prioritize effectively and efficiently with a sense of urgency. 
Ability to make decisions related to work flow that supports company guidelines and makes good business sense. 
Can engage appropriately and work as part of a team. 
Maintains high level of personal integrity and conduct. 
First Aid training may be required. 
Forklift training may be required. 
 Preferred: 
 Experience: 
One year of previously related experience is preferred. 
 Education: 
Working towards or successful completion of high school is preferred. 
 Additional Information: 
This position is required to work through the night. Is expected to be awake and alert throughout their entire shift. 
Work as a team to coordinate breaks as per Labour Standards and Company Guidelines. 
A significant output of physical effort is required through lifting, bending, pulling, twisting, etc. Movement of freight by use of ladders and stock pickers is required. 
Required to work a varying work schedule in order to meet the needs of the business. This would include working evenings and weekends as directed by management 
 Staples is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity and inclusion and we encourage applications from all qualified candidates, including those with disabilities. We will accommodate applicants’ needs, upon request, throughout all stages of the recruitment process. Please inform us of the accommodation(s) that you may require. Information received relating to accommodation will be addressed confidentially. 
 Job:  Retail Locations 
 Location(s):  Canada 
 Other Locations:  CA-SK-Saskatoon 
 Schedule:  Full-time 
 Employment Statement 
Staples Canada is an equal opportunity employer committed to diversity and inclusion and we encourage applications from all qualified candidates, including those with disabilities. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
