Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Sr. Analyst, Special Projects 
 Compass Group 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 You might not know our name, but you know where we are. That’s because Compass Group Canada is part of a global foodservice and support services company that’s the 6th largest employer in the world, with 625,000 employees. 
 You’ll find us in schools, colleges, hospitals, office buildings, senior living communities, tourist attractions, sports venues, remote camps and military installations and more. We’re in all major cities, at remote work sites and everywhere in between – doing business in Canada and 50+ other countries where you can learn and grow. Join us now and point your career forward! 
 We have an opportunity in London, Ontario as a Sr. Analyst for our special projects. 
 Job Summary 
 Now, if you were to come on board as our Sr. Analyst, Special Projects, we’d ask you to do the following for us: 
 Determines operational objectives by studying business functions; gathering information; evaluating output requirements and formats 
You will be specialized in implementing new technology an play the role of testing, validating and problem solving the inputs and outputs of the new technology and systems 
Work closely with a project management team to submit requirements within the strict timelines 
Deliver Analysis leveraging actual accounting transactions and processes 
Analyzes the feasibility of, and develops requirements for, new systems and enhancements to existing systems; ensures the system design fits the needs of the users and business. 
Interpret technical requirements and determine next steps 
Take leadership role in working with key project stakeholders (Finance, IT, External Vendors, Operations) 
Maintains system protocols by writing and updating procedures 
 Think you have what it takes to be our Sr. Analyst, Special Projects? We’re committed to hiring the best talent for the role. Here’s how we’ll know you’ll be successful in the role: 
 Accounting or Finance Degree or Diploma required 
This role is hands-on and you will be required to gather, interpret and make recommending on key findings 
Strong interpersonal skills, ability to lead teams and projects, and indirectly manage others 
Strong business acumen that can develop strong relationships to better understand the business needs and identify collaborative "win-win" solutions 
A minimum of five years’ experience in a computerized accounting environment 
Excellent analytical, time management and problem-solving skills 
Ability to manage multiple tasks and tight deadlines with a positive, can-do attitude 
Excellent written and verbal communication skills, capable of professional interaction with various levels of operations and other department managers 
Excellent proficiency in Microsoft Office, including strong Excel 
Detail oriented and willingness to delve into problem in order for successful issue resolution 
Able to work overtime when required 
Experience with JD Edwards 
Bilingual is an asset 
 Compass Group Canada is committed to nurturing a diverse workforce representative of the communities within which we operate. We encourage and are pleased to consider all qualified candidates, without regard to race, colour, citizenship, religion, sex, marital / family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, aboriginal status, age, disability or persons who may require an accommodation, to apply. 
 For accommodation requests during the hiring process, please contact PeopleHub@compass-canada.com for further information. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
