Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Consultant, Fusion Operations 
 CIBC 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 We’re building a relationship-oriented bank for the modern world. We need talented, passionate professionals who are dedicated to doing what’s right for our clients. 
 At CIBC, we embrace your strengths and your ambitions so you feel empowered at work. Our team members have what they need to make a meaningful impact and feel truly valued for who they are and what they contribute. 
 To learn more about CIBC, please visit CIBC.com 
 Job Description 
 What You’ll Be Doing 
 CIBC’s Fusion Centre leverages best-in-class expertise across the key security domains of Corporate Security, Information Security and Fraud to holistically prevent, detect and respond to multifaceted financial crime threats in order to protect our clients and our bank. 
 The Consultant Fusion Operations is responsible for performing operational activities in support of the Fusion Centre mandate including: security-related threat analysis; investigation of issues, incidents and escalations to ascertain potential risk and impact to clients or the bank; case development and case management in collaboration with cross-pillar stakeholders and the identification, development and implementation of mitigation strategies and recommendations. The Consultant, Fusion Operations also assists with the development and output of Fusion use cases. 
 There are 3 openings for the Consultant, Fusion Operations role. 
 How You’ll Succeed 
 Investigations:  Support complex investigations as a subject matter expert in banking procedures, products and controls. Complete in-depth analysis that captures key analytical insights and document findings in concise formats for use in developing investigative and remediation strategies. Build and maintain Fusion case management processes. 
 Research and Analysis:  Collaboratively and independently conduct research to gather, validate and organize CIBC information. Assess the quality, relevance and validity of information gathered in relation to threats facing CIBC. Identify potential issues that pose risk to CIBC; take action and contribute to problem and event management to resolve as quickly and efficiently as possible 
 Relationship Management:  Collaborate with key stakeholders across pillars on Fusion cases. Provide support to Fusion Centre Management, team members and peers as required; Undertake special projects with internal and external stakeholders, as assigned / required. 
 This position will require flexibility in managing priorities to meet the demands and the overall objectives of the Fusion Centre. You will be required to effectively manage complex issues, as well as sometimes-fluid deadlines and priorities. This position will operate within a normal office environment; however, it may on occasion require working outside normal office days/hours. 
 Who You Are 
 You can demonstrate experience in 2-5 years financial industry experience in fields such as corporate security, information security / cyber, fraud, Anti-Money-Laundering (AML) and or / working in a Fusion Centre. 
 You can demonstrate Practical knowledge of case management and investigative practices, processes and systems. Awareness of common threat vectors in the financial sector and ability to discern multi-dimensional security trends and determine impact to the Bank. A strong knowledge of the CIBC Group of Companies, banking systems, applications and procedures will be an asset. 
 You put our clients first . You engage with purpose to find the right solutions. You go the extra mile, because it's the right thing to do. You are a self-starter with a strong ability to work with independently and collaboratively. 
 You understand that success is in the details . You notice things that others don't. Your critical thinking skills help to inform your decision making. 
 You embrace and champion change. You'll continuously evolve your thinking and the way you work in order to deliver your best. 
 Values matter to you . You bring your real self to work and you live our values - trust, teamwork, and accountability. 
 What CIBC Offers 
 At CIBC, our people are our greatest asset. You’ll become part of a diverse community that acknowledges everyone’s unique talents, and empowers teams to do what’s right for the client, and to do it well. As part of our team, you will: 
 Thrive:  Benefit from an open and approachable culture that provides the flexibility and support you need to integrate your life at work and at home 
 Connect :  Work in a place where the right technology and infrastructure fosters innovation, collaboration and creativity 
 Develop:  Grow your skills and career through our best-in-class onboarding experience, ongoing learning opportunities, individual development planning and comprehensive product training 
 Prosper:  Share in our collective success with a competitive salary, incentive pay, banking benefits, health benefits program, and employee share purchase plan 
 What You Need to Know 
 CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation during the application or interview process, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com 
You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
 Job Location 
 Toronto-CC East 10th Floor 
 Employment Type 
 Regular 
 Weekly Hours 
 37.5 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
