Shabblogadu: wordsmiths on wordpress 
 A fine WordPress.com site 
   
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
 5 tips from Albus Dumbledore that I used to get a great job 
 Posted on  August 30, 2015  by  Shabbadu 
 Two rather important things happened at work last week. Firstly,  my boss wrote a lovely article about my efforts to get a job at Shabbadu . Then I came out of the cupboard under the stairs to my workmates as a massive Harry Potter fan. So, I’m responding to one with a nod to the other for everyone who has asked for more info on my modus operandi.  (Bear in mind that this is coming from a sample size of one. I’m not an expert. This is just what worked for me.) 
 “The wand chooses the wizard, Harry” 
 Work out who you want to work for. You can choose your employer in the sense that its up to you where you target your campaign. Employers don’t come and look for grads. You have to make yourself known to them, and the way that you do this needs to be magical – in other words, you really need to stand out. 
 “It matters not what someone is born, but what they grow up to be” 
 If you come from a rural town, like I did, you may think that the big smoke is impenetrable. It isn’t. Whether you grew up in the ‘burbs or you’re from a recently discovered tribe in the Amazon basin, it’s what you take on board as you grow that makes you the person you are. By all means, a degree matters, but it’s your personality and that will get you hired – you need to fit in with the team to become a part of something long-term. 
 
 “It is our choices that show us who we really are, far more than our abilities” 
 What choices have you made that signify you’re the person for the role? Think about experiences that have proven challenging or where you’ve learned something valuable. Tell these stories at your interview. Others may have the same degree – but you’re the only you. You’ll know you’ve found the right job when you can be yourself and not compromise your personality. You’ll also be happier overall. 
 “Of course it’s happening inside your head Harry, but why should that mean it is any less real?” 
 You need to have a solid understanding of your goals before taking any action. You need to steer your ship in the right direction, and this doesn’t have to be literal. Once you know where you want to be, starting acting like you’re there. I’m not saying fake it to make it, I’m just saying that your identity is of your own making. 
 “Don’t count your owls before they are delivered” 
 If you’re a graduate, you probably suck a bit. Either way, your seniors are definitely better at what they do than you. Which is why you need to open your ears and listen to them. If someone is willing to teach you, don’t take it for granted. Don’t ever think you’ve hit the big time. And never stop learning. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  Uncategorized  and tagged  advertising ,  dumbledore ,  graduates ,  potter . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 Post navigation 
 <- If you’re waiting to graduate before looking for a job, what are you studying for? 
 Emojis: Linguistic evolution? Or stupid, bastardised Internet glitter? -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Search 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Thanks For Your Unwavering Support* *Terms and conditions apply. See in store for details. 
 Character is action – Using what your brand does to define what your brand is 
 Emojis: Linguistic evolution? Or stupid, bastardised Internet glitter? 
 5 tips from Albus Dumbledore that I used to get a great job 
 If you’re waiting to graduate before looking for a job, what are you studying for? 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 John G on  Words are wind. 
 
 
 
 
 
 Shabbadu on  Words are wind. 
 
 
 
 Rem on  Words are wind. 
 
 
 
 Sheridan on  Words are wind. 
 
 
 
 
 ankara web tasarim  on  How to make Google 'like… 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 August 2017 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 January 2015 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 
 Categories 
 
 Helpfulness 
 Informative 
 Interesting 
 Opinion/rant 
 Uncategorized 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
