Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 ASSISTANT PROFESSOR-Linguistics with Specialization in Syntax 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Tenure-Track Position—Assistant Professor in Linguistics with specialization in syntax, and additional focus in morphology, semantics, and/or sociolinguistics 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and, within the lands protected by the Dish with One Spoon wampum agreement. 
 Position Description 
 Area of specialization:  Syntax, and additional focus in morphology, semantics, and/or sociolinguistics 
 Areas of competence:  At the time of appointment, applicants should have a Ph.D. in linguistics, with evidence of strong research and teaching potential. The successful candidate should be able to teach core linguistics courses (some or all of syntax, morphology, semantics, typology, at the undergraduate and graduate level). We especially seek a colleague whose research and teaching will enhance sociolinguistic awareness, linguistic diversity and social justice within the department and associated programs. The ideal candidate will demonstrate a willingness and ability to contribute to the department’s collegial and collaborative intellectual community as well as university-wide inclusive excellence goals and priorities. 
 The Department of Linguistics and Languages at McMaster University is home to two undergraduate programs (Linguistics; Cognitive Science of Language) and an interdisciplinary graduate program (MSc; PhD) in the Cognitive Science of Language which includes faculty from Humanities, Science, and Health Sciences. The department has a strong research orientation and has expertise in Linguistics, Cognitive Science, Neurolinguistics, Psycholinguistics, Applied Linguistics, and Corpus Linguistics. The appointed candidate will be invited to join McMaster’s Centre for Advanced Research in Experimental & Applied Linguistics (ARiEAL). For further information on the Department of Linguistics and Languages, please see: https://linguistics.humanities.mcmaster.ca/. For further information on ARiEAL, please see: https://arieal.mcmaster.ca. 
 The starting date for the appointment is scheduled for July 1, 2021. Starting salary will be commensurate with experience. 
 Commitment to Inclusive Excellence 
 The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity and inclusion, who will contribute to the diversification of ideas and perspectives, and especially welcomes applications from First Nations, Métis and Inuit peoples, members of racialized communities (“visible minorities”), persons with disabilities, women, persons who identify as 2SLGBTQ+. 
 All applicants must complete a brief Diversity Survey, which takes approximately two minutes to complete. All questions are voluntary, with an option to decline to answer. All information collected is confidential and will be used to support efforts to broaden the diversity of the applicant pool and to promote a fair, equitable and inclusive talent acquisition process. Inquiries about the Diversity Survey may be directed to hr.empequity@mcmaster.ca. 
 Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact the Office of the Dean of Humanities at humappt@mcmaster.ca to communicate accommodation needs. 
 How to Apply 
 Please submit the following materials through the University’s electronic portal: workingatmcmaster.ca/careers/ [Job Opening 34770] by December 15, 2020. Applications received by December 15, 2020 will receive full consideration but the position will remain open until filled. 
 Submit a letter of application together with a curriculum vitae (applicants are encouraged to describe the impact that career interruptions have had on research productivity, if applicable) 
Submit a research statement (2-3 pages) 
Submit 3 representative papers which may include published papers, papers under review and manuscripts 
Submit a statement of teaching interests and philosophy, including evidence of teaching effectiveness (2-page maximum) 
Submit a brief statement describing any contributions made or planned in relation to advancing equity, diversity and inclusion or inclusive excellence in teaching, research or service within higher education, community-based or other profession settings (2-page maximum) 
Letters of reference are not required and will not be reviewed at the application stage; the Department will request letters of recommendation from referees at later stages of the search process. We ask that in order to minimize bias in the selection process, you do not include the names of referees in the initial application. 
 All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadian citizens and permanent residents will be given priority. To comply with the Government of Canada’s reporting requirements, the University gathers information about applicants’ status as either a permanent resident of Canada or Canadian citizen. Applicants need not identify country of origin or current citizenship; however, all applications must include one of the following statements: 
 Yes, I am a citizen or permanent resident of Canada 
 No, I am not a citizen or permanent resident of Canada 
 Direct any inquiries about this position to Dr. Ivona Kucerova, the selection committee chair at kucerov@mcmaster.ca. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
