
 Home 
 Legal 
 Sitemap 
 
 If you’re looking for a work-at-home position, even among some of the employers listed above, you should be aware that not all such positions will be readily available. You may have to go on the company’s careers page or job board and enter terms such as “work-at-home”, “work-from-home”, “remote position”, or something similar. This will be especially important if most of the jobs offered by an employer are on-site. [Work From Home](https://www.youtube.com/v/I7voRJkBsnM&feature=share) 
 
 Software developers create the applications or systems that run on a computer or another device. They apply the principles of engineering, analytics and computer science to develop and test all kinds of software and applications. Many software developers are employed by firms that deal in computer systems design and related services, manufacturing, or for software publishers.  Work At Home Jobs 
 
 _As is typically the case with remote positions, you will need to have a dedicated workspace in your home, and a PC with a high-speed Internet connection. You may also need to purchase specific equipment, which could include a headset, flash drive, or a dual monitor. You must also be a “people person”, and will be required to be available seven days a week. Work From Home Jobs  _ 
Franchises can cost a lot of money, but there are opportunities for less than $50,000, says Jania Bailey, CEO of FranNet, a franchise marketplace. “You might be able to get financing from the (Small Business Administration) or the lenders the brand works with. It’s a little more affordable than people think. If it takes $100,000, you might need $20,000.”  Work From Home Jobs 
Bankrate has put together a list of 20 legitimate work-at-home jobs. Wage and job-growth data comes from the 2018 edition of the Bureau of Labor Statistics’ Occupational Outlook Handbook. The BLS lists “median” wages rather than “average” wages. The median wage is in the middle of the data set, with half of the jobs paying less and half paying more. BLS job-growth projections are for 2018 to 2028. 
_In a real way, Kelly Services practically pioneered jobs from home, since it began primarily as a temporary job service. It now works regularly with some of the very largest employers in the country, providing staffing needs at all levels. They specialize in accounting and finance, administrative, automotive, engineering, information technology, life sciences, and call centers, but actually cover a multitude of industries and job classifications. Work At Home Jobs  _ 
**These workers translate the written or the spoken word, depending on the position. At CyraCom (which is currently seeking Swahili interpreters), you'd staff the phones and assist people communicating with doctors, insurance agents and even 9-1-1 operators. Translate.com offers work on a gig-by-gig basis, which can give you more flexibility. Just note that all gigs are first come, first served and can pay less than a penny per word. Work At Home Jobs  ** 
 In a real way, Kelly Services practically pioneered jobs from home, since it began primarily as a temporary job service. It now works regularly with some of the very largest employers in the country, providing staffing needs at all levels. They specialize in accounting and finance, administrative, automotive, engineering, information technology, life sciences, and call centers, but actually cover a multitude of industries and job classifications. 
 The company attempts to match individuals with companies based on specific experience and skills. Some of the industries you may find yourself working in include direct response, financial services, healthcare, insurance, retail, technology, telecommunications, utilities, and travel and hospitality. Along the way, the company offers community support, career development, flexible vacation time, and even healthcare. However, some positions are independent contractors. [Work At Home Jobs](https://www.youtube.com/v/I7voRJkBsnM&feature=youtu.be)
 
 Like Liveops, Working Solutions functions as a flexible call center. They work with some of the biggest companies in their respective industries, including Hotels.com, Sylvan Learning, Microsoft, T-Mobile, Michael’s, and StubHub. The company is based in Dallas, Texas, and began operations in 1996. They employ home-based workers in sales, service, and technical support throughout the US and Canada. 
Current positions available include business sales representatives, customer service representatives, and bilingual customer service representatives. Positions are available in the US and Canada. You'll be provided with proprietary technology that enables you to securely access applications, so you will be able to support and assist customers with a variety of services and technical needs. You must be at least 17 years of age, have a high school diploma or general equivalency diploma, and have wire connected Internet access.  Work From Home Jobs 
 × 
 
 Work From Home Jobs  Contact us at webmaster@workatwca.com |  Sitemap txt  |  Sitemap 
