  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
 Data Structures 
 
 Data Structures Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance Data Structures Expert ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/data-structures) 
 3 months ago 
 Create a data base or excell, with information I have on a word file 
 Published: 3 months ago  Deadline: 10 Bids: 10 
 I have a word doc with information about some adv agencies tht I have contacted in the past and I would like to make a small database, so it will be easier to look for agencies I have already contacted when need it. Also need to complement some info from their website. 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Virtual Assistant 
 Project size  : Medium 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  M. R. Last reply: 3 months ago  Spain Payment method:  __Verified 
 Less than USD 50 
 5 months ago 
 Senior Java Backend Web Developer w / Micro-services | Full-time pr... 
 Published: 5 months ago  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 3 
 Sr Java Backend Web Developer w / Micro-services 
 Expert developing Java Enterprise applications 
Expertise in architecting and developing scalable software solutions with gRPC based microservices in Spring Boot framework 
Experience with Apache Kafka or Confluent Kafka in high volume environments 
Working experience on Cassandra and caching solutions (e.g. Redis, ElastiCache). 
Strong understanding of algorithms and data structures. 
Knowledge about Databases 
Good written and conversational English skills are a must. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : Not applicable 
 Required availability  : Full time 
 API Integrations  : Payment Processor (Paypal, Stripe, etc.), Other (Other APIs) 
 Published by:  S. M. Uruguay 
 USD 20 - 30 / hour 
 5 months ago 
 Salesforce Pardot Configuration Specialist 
 Published: 5 months ago  Bids: 1 
 Responsibilities: 
 - Review and optimize the existing Pardot instance to identify gaps and opportunities for more efficient use by the organization 
- Identify opportunities for enhancements to existing tooling and processes (Gmail integration, Einstein Analytics, Lead and Opportunity lifecycles) and new features offered in each Salesforce major release 
-Support cross-department initiatives by implementing strategic marketing workflows in Pardot, including processes to support lead generation, qualification and management (scoring/grading), plus drip campaigns to prospects 
- Participate in the planning and analysis of business requirements for configuration changes and managed packages 
- Translate business requirements into creative and effective technical designs 
- Customize and set up marketing funnels, prospect segments, lead scoring/grading, nurture paths and reporting, per stakeholder specifications 
- Effectively use Pardot reports to make data-driven decisions 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : E-commerce 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Other (Other APIs) 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  R. E. Last reply: 5 months ago  Philippines 
 USD 1,000 - 3,000 
 11 months ago 
 Database Creation | need email I'd | number | Us audience 
 Published: 11 months ago  Bids: 13 
 Hi, 
 we are looking for someone who can help us in creating a specific data list for our US audience. 
 Project deadline can be negotiated but we need it in 3-4days. 
 To get this work, we will share a small company and designation list. If the accuracy of that data is 80-90% then the work will be awarded to you. 
 Looking forward to connect with you all soon. 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Market research 
 Published by:  G. G. Last reply: 11 months ago  India 
 USD 50 - 100 
 Last year 
 Ds looks spreadsheet walking/marking/filtering 
 Published: Last year  Bids: 1 
 Ans7i 
ans7i 
Public profile 
Download the App 
Dashboard 
My Projects 
Browse Projects 
Browse Freelancers 
Browse Local Jobs 
Inbox 
Deposit Funds 
Get Support 
Log Out 
Copyright 2019 
Freelancer Technology Pty Limited 
Switch Account 
DS Spreadsheet based utility 
proposals 
management 
... 
project budget (usd) 
$ 30 
it's a stand alone ds utility that can be done using any spreadsheet library. 
 Data is in a tree format. Can be imported via clipboard and should be altered after the import. 
 Each data can be treated as object and need to add  10 simple property like bg, %, p1 p2 etc ... 
 After simple data representation & processing. 
 Provisioning for property selection, row, column, keywords, with or without sub node. 
 The last task will be depends on budget/time and progress, so it's optional for now, displaying node and provisioning for processing... 
 Application has main window plus a pop up or otherwise few frames if needed. 
 Few hotkeys to shuffle the data 
 It's DS but no tasks like shorting, just marking and filtering. 
 Open to all technologies, no compatibility or dependency. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Small 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  A. Japan 
 USD 50 - 100 
 Last year 
 Microsoft specialist: dabatase, data analytics and Bi 
 Published: Last year  Project duration: 1 - 4 weeks Bids: 8 
 Development sprint for a market intelligence startup: 
 The project consists in developing the cloud infrastructure to process, store and publish information generated through web crawlers.  It includes the following: 
1-Cloud server 
2-Data Lake 
3-Database 
4-Back-end routines 
5-Develop embeded Power BI reporting 
 We are working on the Microsoft platform, so competencies include Azure, DB, Power BI, etc. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new custom site 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Cloud Storage (Dropbox, Google Drive, etc.), Other (Other APIs) 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  R. B. Last reply: Last year  Brazil 
 Over USD 40 / hour 
 Last year 
 Skilled developer in C+ to create financial software 
 Published: Last year  Bids: 16 
 I am looking for a talented developer, with proven experience in C++ (at least 3 years). 
 I want to write a program where I can connect to various financial APIs,  and download many data sets. These data sets will need to be formatted into a tabular format that will be provided. I will be using all this to create and send trading orders. 
 Project must be completed within one and a half months, the sooner the better (budget will be agreed for total project, so the sooner project is delivered the sooner payment will be released). During this time, this will have to be the developer's primary focus (so do not apply if you only have a few hours availability). 
 Ideal if freelancer residers in Singapore, or in near time zones. 
 Interested candidates please send along experience, sites and projects where they have worked before, along as questions you may have for this project. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Desktop apps 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new app 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : Not applicable 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Experience in this type of projects  : Yes (I have managed this kind of project before) 
 API Integrations  : Other (Other APIs) 
 Required platforms  : Windows 
 Published by:  A. Singapore 
 Over USD 3,000 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
