
 
 Home 
 About Us 
 Workforce Development **** 
 
 Staff Development 
 Professional Certifications 
 
 CPRW 
 GCDF 
 Training from the BACK of the Room 
 
 
 Class Schedule 
 
 Class Schedule FAQ 
 
 
 5 Steps to Rapid Employment 
 WPE Soft Skills Training 
 
 
 Job Seekers 
 Corporate Training 
 Contact Us 
 Join our Mailing List 
 
 Job Seekers 
 **Empowering Organizations and Individuals 
 to Realize their F**  ull Potential 
 Cut the time it takes to land a job in half 
 Experience less frustration 
 Get results quickly 
 Design a life that inspires you 
 And, actually enjoy the process 
 Sound impossible? Fortunately, it’s not. You just need to arm yourself with the right knowledge and tools. 
 Unfortunately, if you’re like most job seekers today, you’re using outdated job search techniques for a workplace that no longer exists. You’re still playing by the old rules, not understanding that the rules of the game have changed dramatically as employers have developed new ways of finding and securing the talent they need. No wonder you’re frustrated! 
 Whether you've been  laid off  and need a job quickly, are a  Veteran  transitioning back to civilian life, or just  want a better job , Jay Block’s 5 Steps to Rapid Employment™ program can help you quickly land the job you want, at the pay you deserve. 
 Recent graduates of the program have landed jobs in less than half the time of the national average. Many have reported that it not only led to quick employment, but also literally changed every aspect of their lives. 
 “The whole concept is wonderful. I now have a direction! I now feel motivated and capable. Before, I did not know where to start (looking for a job) but now I have the mind set to get out there and I know I will get a job.”   (Linda Schindler) 
 Previously, the program had been offered exclusively in limited locations around the country in a blended format that combined web-based instruction with classroom sessions. While producing extraordinary results for those who could attend, availability was extremely limited and geographical proximity was required* . 
 We recognized that not everyone could attend one of these blended sessions, and that we could help many more people benefit from the program if we could make it more accessible. And so, we are now making it available in a convenient online course: The 5 Steps to Rapid Employment System, an innovative multi-media guide to landing your next job. 
 " It was even better than I had imagined. Not only did I get caught up on current trends in “job campaigning”, this course put me on the cutting edge and gave me an advantage over 99% of other job seekers. I went from no interviews to two in the same week. The course is built upon timeless wisdom which makes the new knowledge more impactful." (Robert Condon) 
 
 What makes the 5 Steps to Rapid Employment System different? 
 Provides a systematic, step-by-step process  that takes the mystery and guess work out of landing a job. You’ll know where to start and what to do next along the way. 
 
 Positions work as an integral part of the life you want to lead  , taking into account your values, interests, and strengths. 
 Puts you in charge of your plan  , helping you regain control over your life and your job “campaign.” 
 Teaches you how to develop a package of self-marketing tools  that goes beyond the traditional resume. 
 Web-based design  includes instruction and downloadable study guides and activities, provides 24/7 access for 6 months, and lets you work at your own pace. 
 Gives tremendous value:  at the introductory price of $197  (  less than the cost of a couple of hours of career coaching services), you get a soup-to-nuts system that helps you land the job you want, at the pay you deserve. 
 
 “Using many of the skills and practices that I learned in the program, I was able to negotiate a salary that was $7,500 more then what they were originally offering, which is a big deal for a non-profit! . . . During my campaign, I had the confidence to go after what I wanted and not to settle for something just to have a job. " (Kati Townsley) 
 “I had hit a wall in my job search prior to 5 Steps, so much (so) that I wasn’t applying to jobs at all. 
I feel now that I have a great chance at landing more interviews. The campaign I created in the 5 Steps course is a great road map I can now follow and adapt on my journey to my Dream Job.”  (  Blaise Nealon) 
 The Five Steps Are: 
 
 Learning How to Ride the Emotional Rollercoaster 
 
 * Manage emotions – fear and adversity
* Turn negative emotions into positive results
 
 
 Defining Your Goal 
 
 * Jobs/careers that enrich your life
* Work to live, not live to work
 
 
 Using Value-Based Resumes and Self-Marketing Tools 
 
 * Stand out and get noticed
* Reference portfolio, LinkedIn profile, and other secret weapons to rapid employment
 
 
 Creating a Meticulous Action Plan (MAP) 
 
 * The GPS to rapid employment
* Action plans to take care of you and your campaign
 
 
 Taking Action and Mastering a Few Self-Marketing Skills 
 
 * New actions create new habits that create a new life
* The miracle piece to all change – taking massive action
 
 
 “. . . With the boost of confidence I received . . . , I felt re-energized and my confidence skyrocketed. I wish I had the opportunity to begin this class sooner in my career. I would recommend this course for all individuals, not just the person seeking a new career. I was one of the fortunate during my job campaign to land a job within a 2-week period that fit my skills and knowledge.” (Frank Hope) 
 Using the 5 Steps to Rapid Employment System, you will: 
 Discover a systematic, step-by-step process for landing a job 
 Learn how to get your emotions working for you, instead of holding you back 
 Identify jobs and careers that inspire your life instead of just paying the bills 
 Target jobs that meet your short-term and long-term goals 
 Discover the most and least effective ways of landing a job 
 Create a package of self-marketing tools that sets you apart from the competition 
 Learn and practice networking, interviewing, and salary negotiation skills 
 Apply techniques that help you stay motivated, and that you can use in other areas of your life 
 Design a plan that includes weekly and daily goals that move you forward in your job “campaign” 
 “This class had an incredible impact on my life as a whole . . . This class has brought hope, happiness, and long lasting friendships. I am very fortunate to have had the opportunity to take the 5 Steps class and encourage anyone who has the opportunity to take this class to do so. You will not regret it.” (Tina Stohlman) 
 “The 5 Steps program is the best program for landing a job I have seen in my 20 years in workforce development. It provides motivation, inspiration, and hope during a time it’s most needed.”  (  Tammi Casson, Employment Consultant, Business and Employment Resource Center, Westminster, MD) 
 Want more proof?  What People are Saying  about the 5 Steps to Rapid Employment program 
 “For the better part of a year I had been struggling to carve out time for a new career campaign. I was literally chasing hundreds of Internet job postings with my tired, boring resume and it was netting me basically nothing but frustration and failure. Inexplicably, I still held out hope for an opportunity to appear, but take it from me, hope is not a strategy! 
 The 5 Steps to Rapid Employment IS the strategy. I’ve not only aligned my personal values with my work values, but I’ve completely re-worked my resume and attitude about my job campaign. The . . . investment in the 5 Steps program has helped me feel confident targeting the job I want at the pay I deserve. Armed with what to do and how to do it, I now have much better tools to help me find employment.” (Ross Dangel) 
 Career Centers Offering Blended 5 Steps programs: 
 Blended 5 Steps to Rapid Employment programs that combine web-based and classroom instruction are currently being offered in limited areas around the country. If you’ve been laid off from a job, you may qualify to take the program at no cost if you are a resident in that area. Contact the organizations below for more information: 
 
 In Florida 
 Brevard County:  CareerSource Brevard 
 In Maryland 
 Anne Arundel County:   Anne Arundel Workforce Development Center 
 Baltimore City:   Mayor’s Office of Employment Development 
 Baltimore County:   Baltimore County Workforce Development 
 Carroll County:   Business & Employment Resource Center 
 Charles County:   Southern Maryland JobSource 
 Frederick County:   Frederick County Workforce Services  
 Harford and Cecil Counties:   Susquehanna Workforce Network 
 Montgomery County:   Workforce Solutions Group 
 Prince George’s County:   Prince George’s County Economic Development Corporation 
 In New York 
 Monroe County:   RochesterWorks! 
 In Massachusetts 
 Greater New Bedford area:   New Directions Southcoast 
 Copyright 2020 Workforce Excellence Group, LLC 
