IGEL @ Wharton 
 The Wharton IGEL Blog 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About Wharton IGEL 
 Students 
 Contact Us 
 
   
 Tag Archives: career 
 IGEL's Careers in Sustainability Event: An Evening of Discussion About Sustainability, Energy and Business 
 Posted on  November 5, 2012  by  whartonigel  |  Leave a comment 
 By Marissa Rosen* 
 On Wednesday, October 3rd, Wharton's MBA Career Management department and  Wharton's Initiative for Global Environmental Leadership (IGEL)  co-hosted the second annual "Careers in Sustainability, Energy, and Business" panel at Huntsman Hall. The brightly lit 8th floor Colloquium Hall buzzed with chatter and enthusiasm from a mixture of Penn students, faculty, and staff who were eager to hear from a dozen business and environmental professionals from across the United States, half of whom were Wharton graduates. 
 In opening remarks, Vice Dean of the MBA program Howard Kaufold paid homage to Barry Commoner, a leader in the emerging environmental movement of the 1960's, famous for stating that "everything must go somewhere". Kaufold explained how Commoner's words ring true fifty years later, as the examination of the symbiosis of economics and social impact is more necessary now than ever before.  Continue reading -> 
 Leave a comment 
 Posted in  careers ,  events ,  students ,  Sustainability 
 Tagged  career ,  events ,  MBA ,  sustainability ,  Wharton 
 2nd Careers in Sustainability Event at the Wharton School October 3, 2012 
 Posted on  August 10, 2012  by  whartonigel  |  Leave a comment 
 Leave a comment 
 Posted in  careers ,  students ,  Sustainability ,  Wharton IGEL 
 Tagged  career ,  sign up form ,  students 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 TheSustainabilityMarketPlace.org - Executive Summary 
 Reflections on Resiliency 
 Energy Policy Now: An EPA After Scott Pruitt 
 Celebrating Earth Day 2018 
 Driving the New Climate Economy: How Companies and Communities Can Thrive in a Changing World 
 Energy Policy Now: Rising Seas and the Future of Coastal Cities 
 The Wharton Green Tracker: A Sustainability Impact Pilot for Wharton Students 
 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Email Subscription 
 
 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 1,948 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 
 
 IGEL on Facebook 
 
 
 
 IGEL on Facebook 
 
 
 
 Tweets 
 
 The inaugural ESG report from @ RubiconGlobal  is now live! This insightful report delves into environmental innovati…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   8 months ago 
 Join us this June in Southern Cali at Sustainable Brands’ flagship event,  #SB20LongBeach , and tap into the power of…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   10 months ago 
 Join us this June 1-4 at Sustainable Brands’ flagship event,  #SB20LongBeach , and tap into the power of the collecti…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   11 months ago 
 @ Penn  Vice President for Facilities and Real Estate Services, Anne Papageorge, spoke to students about her…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   11 months ago 
 We're excited to partner with @ SustainBrands  for their largest event of the year,  #SB20LongBeach ! Join us and 2,500…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   11 months ago 
 
 
 
 Follow Wharton IGEL on LinkedIn 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 
 Tag cloud 
 
 
 Anti-science   Bank of America   biofuels   business   businses plan   career   careers   Caroline D'Angelo   certification   clean tech   climate change   conference   corporate sustainability   courses   Davos   deforestation   desalination   developing countries   developing nations   Edwin Keh   energy   environment   EPA   Fall 2012   Fall 2013   forests   freshwater   GE   Gifford Pinchot   Gil Friend   green   honey   IBM   IGEL   investing   Joe Rozza   Kenya   leadership   management   Mau forest   metrics   Nature Conservancy   NRDC   Penn   Prophet   recycling   resource use   San Francisco   sanitation   socially responsible investing   solar   Spring 2013   students   supply chain management   supply chains   survey   sustainability   sustainability issues   sustainable   sustainable supply chain   technology   Terrachoice   The Nature Conservancy   TNC   UPenn   USFS   venture capital   walmart   water   water supply   Weeks Act   Wharton   World Resource Forum   World Water Forum   WRF2011 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
