
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Truepill (S17) 
 API-connected healthcare infrastructure. 
 Business Operations & Strategy Director 
 
 Location 
 Remote / Remote 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 6+ years 
 About Truepill 
 Our API-connected healthcare infrastructure empowers our partners to deliver world-class patient experiences. 
 About the role 
 At Truepill, we are building the future of healthcare. Through our API-connected healthcare infrastructure, we empower our partners to deliver world-class patient experiences. With nearly five million prescriptions shipped, we’ve been included on Forbes’ “Next Billion-Dollar Startup” list and are proud to work with many of the world’s largest healthcare organizations. We never settle for how it’s done today. We invent how it will be done tomorrow. 
 None of this is possible without the right team driving us forward. We encourage our team members to innovate, expand their horizons and bring their passion and curiosity to work, every day. Come join us. Let’s build something great together. 
 What You'll Be Doing: 
 
 Structure complex and ambiguous strategic problems for the TruePill leadership team 
 Analyze large amounts of information and data quickly and effectively to reduce complexity and make actionable recommendations 
 Partner with the heads of product and operational functions to use data and insights to make informed decisions 
 Lead large, cross-functional projects and build consensus with senior leaders across the organization 
 
 We're Looking For Someone With: 
 
 Advanced degree (PhD, MD, JD, MBA) 
 4-7 years of experience in management consulting or investment banking (role dependent upon experience level) 
 Strong analytical, problem solving and interpersonal skills 
 Passion to do whatever it takes to solve complex problems and build scalable processes 
 Comfort working in a high growth, constantly changing environment 
 Additional experience working at a high growth startup / tech company 
 Willingness to travel as needed 
 
 Technology 
 Our Engineers are building an API connected infrastructure to create a whole new healthcare experience that aligns with todays modern needs. As we take our next step in further expanding Truepill’s ecosystem of products and services, we're actively seeking to onboard a Senior Full Stack Engineer who will become a core member of the Senior Engineering Team, helping bring the Truepill vision to life. 
 Other jobs at Truepill 
 Sr. Full Stack Developer 
 fulltime 
 Austin, TX 
 Full Stack 
 3+ years 
 Business Operations & Strategy Director 
 fulltime 
 Remote / Remote 
 6+ years 
 Senior Recruiter 
 fulltime 
 Austin, TX / Remote 
 3+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
