[ 
 a little dose of keelium 
 ](https://keelium.wordpress.com/ "a little dose of keelium") 
 Skip to content 
 
 About this blog 
 Contact me 
 
 Thinking out loud: graduation, career choices, and ANXIETY 
 I will be done with graduate school in less than three weeks, and I am  freaking out . 
 I have so much to do in the next few weeks: 
 
 pack up and move all my crap from my apartment into the friend's house where I will be crashing for my first month out of graduate housing (so I have time to apartment-hunt more calmly than if I were doing it now, along with everything else)  Estimate: 20 hrs of work 
 write and present a proposal for my cancer immunology class  Estimate: 12-18 hours of work 
 write/polish my proposal for Molecular Mechanisms of Human Diseases, my other class  Estimate: 8-12 hours of work 
 read papers for and participate in 3 more class discussions  Estimate: 3-4 hours per discussion, so 9-12 hours total 
 study for and pass my metabolism-block exam  Estimate: 8-12 hours over the next two weeks 
 continue to write bloggy things  Potentially infinite time commitment 
 continue to apply for jobs  Potentially infinite time commitment 
 
 And honestly, I am capable of all of that. I have moved so many times in my life now, one more shouldn't be a big deal. Writing those proposals is mostly a matter of gritting my teeth and pushing through while somehow managing to ignore my inner perfectionist that wants them to be developed to the level one would expect for oral qualifying exams, not a classroom exercise. Reading papers ranges from boring-but-straightforward to actually-quite-interesting, and studying for biology exams and kicking ass on them is pretty much my super power. Regarding the blogging and the job apps… the world will not end if I drop both of those things for the next 2-3 weeks. Really, it won't. 
 I know all this. I also know that while I am freaking out about only having about 4hrs/week of employment currently scheduled for April, I have enough money to make it through that month and I also have a lot of potential job opportunities that still have time to come through. I also know that I have an amazing girlfriend who wants to get an apartment with me and help support me while I find a job, and I have lots of kick-ass friends who will also lend a hand in whatever way they can. 
 Basically, on the cognitive side of things, I am capable of logic-ing my way out of any panic attack I could possibly be having right now…. 
 ….but that doesn't matter, because my body could not give less of a damn about my stupid LOGIC. Despite my logic and comforting friends and doing yoga and riding my bike as much as I can, there is currently so much tension in all of my muscles that I find it difficult to sit still or sleep at night. I still feel constantly on edge and struggle to focus. I am  using every damn tool in my toolbox  and still feel like I'm fighting to prevent my constant anxiety from boiling over into all-out panic attacks on a daily basis. 
 And I know what I'm really anxious about isn't all those things I have to get done in the next few weeks, or even the money worries. I'm anxious because my life after April is a big blank space. I have no idea what is coming. I have a plan for moving forward, and I think it will work, but it is entirely dependent on my efforts and my luck and I don't trust either of those things. I'm really anxious because I'm fighting against the fear of being  worthless . 
 For awhile, this blog may be mostly thinking out loud, and not much of the  carefully-constructed / citation-heavy  stuff that I'd like to write. I think the thinking-out-loud is valuable too, but not being able to write  all  the things I have ideas for is eating at me. I finally have a place to work on my writing where I can actually get feedback and I'm busy writing stupid-ass proposals for classes I don't give a fuck about. I cannot even put into words how frustrating that is. 
 Rargh. So that's where I'm at. I know that I'll make it, but I'm frustrated as hell and in desperate need of a massage. 
 Just three more weeks. I can do this. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Reddit 
 Email 
 Print 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 __5 Comments 
 
 Ahh, ouch. Just to say that I'm rooting for you. The thinking out loud IS valuable but yep, I hear on on the frustration front. I'll certainly still be here when this period is over and you have the chance to share your awesomely referenced thinky articles. 🙂 
 
 As for myself, I am anticipating being in a similar position this time next year as I race to get my thesis written and submitted whilst trying to find a job (woo, I have NO IDEA what the hell I want to do, don't ask silly questions!) and, in all likelihood, moving cities again. Eep. I am currently dealing with this by ignoring it as much as I possibly can. We'll see how that works out… 
  posted March 4, 2013 at 11:09 am by NessieMonster    Reply 
 * *jedi hugs*
 
 here's to both of us making it through crazy times, and thanks for your support and for sticking around. 🙂 
  posted March 4, 2013 at 11:19 am by keelyellenmarie    in reply to NessieMonster Reply 
 
 You can do it! 🙂 And the big blank space up ahead? It's filled with wondrous things! 
 
 [ posted March 5, 2013 at 1:43 am by  rarasaur  ](https://keelium.wordpress.com/2013/03/04/thinking-out-loud-graduation-career-choices-and-anxiety/#comment-226)  Reply 
 * Thanks 🙂
 
  posted March 5, 2013 at 7:53 am by keelyellenmarie    in reply to rarasaur Reply 
 
 Pingback:  keely the science writer | a little dose of keelium 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 __[ March 4, 2013  keelyellenmarie   career ,  mental health ,  personal writing ,  thinking out loud   anxiety ,  career ,  jobs ,  mental health ,  updates 
 Post navigation 
 __The perks and perils of 'Positive Thinking'.   Music for strength __ 
 
 Old favorites 
 
 How to keep moving forward even when your brain hates you 
 On vulnerability and courage 
 Advice on leaving graduate school 
 three fucking years 
 
 
 abuse   academia   activism   advice   anxiety   biology   blogging   bras   captainawkward   career   career plans   community building   confidence   dave ross   depression   economics   education   emotional abuse   exercise   failure   faith in humanity   feminism   friendship   grad school   health   hope   HPV   jerkbrain   job   jobs   leaving science   links   literature   love   mastering out   me   meditation   mental health   mental illness   microscopy   mindfulness   moms who drink and swear   moving   musings   NIH   non-transferrable skills   nostalgic yearning   perfectionism   personal   phd   queer   religion   research   science   science education   science funding   science writing   self-care   sensitive   sex   sex education   shame   tips   trauma   travel   tutoring   unemployment   updates   vaccines   world events   worms   writing   yoga   you should know   zenpencils 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 We defeated Prop 25, but that was just one step. Now we need real pretrial reform.   twitter.com/JusticeLANow/s…   4 weeks ago 
 RT @ JusticeLANow : After years of community organizing & advocacy, newly elected LA DA George Gascón took office Monday 12/7 & announced bol…  1 month ago 
 @ jennifurret  Gayyyyyy! I love it.  2 months ago 
 RT @ JusticeLANow : 📣📣 WE HIT TRENDING #1 IN CALIFORNIA, LA COUNTY, SAN DIEGO, SACRAMENTO, FRESNO, AND BAKERSFIELD!!! ‼️ Because our commun…  3 months ago 
 RT @ JusticeLANow : 📢 CALL TO ACTION for TODAY and TUESDAY OCTOBER 13th AT 8:30AM! 🔸 TODAY: Send in written comment to @ CountyOfLA   #BoardOfS …  3 months ago 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com.  Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel Post was not sent - check your email addresses!  Email check failed, please try again  Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email.  Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy   %d bloggers like this: 
