  
 Menu Bar 
 
 __ 
 
 Go 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Job Search 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 New Graduates 
 Job Sites & Resources 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 
 
 Networking 
 
 Networking Tips 
 Networking Etiquette 
 Networking Events 
 Social Media & Online Networking 
 Elevator Speech 
 Informational Interviews 
 Networking Mistakes 
 FAQ About Networking 
 
 
 
 Cover Letter 
 
 Cover Letter Tips 
 Cover Letter Format 
 Cover Letter Samples 
 Cover Letter Mistakes 
 FAQ About Cover Letter Writing 
 
 
 
 Resume 
 
 Resume Tips 
 Resume Format 
 Resume Template 
 Resume Samples 
 Customizing Your Resume 
 Resume Formatting 
 Ideas & Alternatives 
 Resume Mistakes 
 Resume Writers 
 FAQ About Resume Writing 
 
 
 
 Interview 
 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Questions 
 Interview Skills 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Mistakes 
 Follow Up Interview Email 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Career Advancement 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 Continuing Education 
 Productivity 
 Work Relationships 
 Work Environment 
 Work Life Balance 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 
 Go 
 
  Home  
  Blog  
  Career  
 Upgrading Your Skills 
 
 Upgrading Your Skills 
 
 Sari Friedman 
 May 2, 2020 
 
 At this time of isolation, for many there is no shortage of things to do – procuring groceries and household items, taking care of children and perhaps checking in on elderly relatives. In terms of your job, unless you perform an essential service it is likely you are not currently working. It is a good idea to spend some of this time upgrading your skills to support your career development or at the very least your employability. 
 Which Skills? 
 Review postings you would be interested in or if those are currently hard to come by, then review people's job descriptions on LinkedIn that interest you. See which skills and qualifications incumbents of roles you would consider possess and then research how to close that skills gap. Some of it may be achievable through online learning during this time of transition. Other skills are ones you may need to acquire on the job once you return to work, but at least you can start a career development plan and have something to work towards to support your career growth. You should reach out to your manager for a career development conversation – they may have some insights into which skills to focus on. 
 Technical Skills 
 Have you ever applied for a role and they're looking for 'advanced' MS Office skills and you think, well mine are more basic or at best intermediate? Consider doing an online course in Excel, Word or PowerPoint. If money is an issue and you don't want to spend it on a formal course, there are a lot of free resources to support upgrading technical skills. Set aside some time to develop more evolved technical skills, even the basic ones, and you will feel more confident when you apply for that next internal or external role. 
 Subject Matter Expertise 
 Increase your expertise. Follow thought leaders – many of them are continuing to post about their area of focus, and there is a lot to gain from reviewing earlier material. If you are a member of an association, review their resources to upgrade your knowledge. It may not be a good time to join associations as the costs may be prohibitive, but you can review the free resources on their sites. A very simple approach is to read articles and information related to what you do – and it's a nice break from the news. 
 Certifications 
 There are roles that require certifications. You may have had to put these on the back burner because life and work were busy enough. If you are thinking about moving the pursuit of a certification to the front burner, LinkedIn has a variety of certification prep courses. As well, the organizations that oversee the certifications have extensive information on how to complete their requirements including timelines and costs. 
 If you find yourself thinking about upgrading your skills, at the very least take some time to review what might be involved and invest some effort into your career development – you deserve it. 
 Menu 
 
 Job Search  
 Networking  
 Cover Letter Writing  
 Resume Writing  
 Interviewing  
 Job Offer  
 Career  
 Update  
 
 
 WorkBloom's goal is to help you find work and reach your highest aspirations, one step at a time. 
 Featured Resources 
 
 Resume Writing 101  __ 
 Over 300 Resume Samples  __ 
 Cover Letter Writing 101  __ 
 Over 200 Cover Letter Samples  __ 
 The Holland Codes / RIASEC  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Job Search Center  __ 
 Networking Center  __ 
 Cover Letter Center  __ 
 Resume Center  __ 
 Interview Center  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Career Center  __ 
 Students & New Graduates Center  __ 
 Contributors  __ 
 Contact Us  __ 
 
 Copyright © 2006-2021 | All Rights Reserved |  Privacy Policy 
 × 
 Send 
