
 Skip to primary navigation 
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to footer 
 
 This site uses cookies. Please review our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy  - by continuing you are accepting them. Click to close this message. 
 Log in 
 | 
 Join 
 
 
 Members home 
 Purpose and fulfilment 
 Finding and getting a new job 
 Self employment 
 Thrive at work 
 Organisational Renewal 
 Leadership & Team Coaching 
 Career Coaching 
 Outplacement 
 The Team 
 News 
 Contact us 
 
 Applications and CV - public 
 Top Tips for CV Writing 
 If you’re trying to put together a CV, you’d be forgiven for being very confused by all the advice and different formats out there. You might also be forgiven for wondering what the point of spending time on your CV is when many companies have an in-house application form. 
 The best format for your CV 
 There are many formats you can use for your CV and the one you choose doesn’t matter as much as getting the content right. Having said that, there are a few things to bear in mind. 
 
 Firstly, make sure you don’t pick one with American terminology (unless you’re applying for a job in the US!) as this makes it appear that you don’t pay attention to details. 
 Secondly, make sure the font size isn’t too large or too small; size 12 is generally recommended for most documents. 
 Thirdly, check how your CV appears to others. If you have used a Word document with a large amount of formatting, it might not display well on a smartphone when opened as an email attachment. One option is to save as a pdf but be aware that recruitment agencies often don’t like CVs in this format. 
 
 Your CV is a living document 
 For those who are unsure of the need for CVs at all, look at it from a different angle. Your CV should not be a static document that is done once and never changed. Your CV is a repository for all your job and educational information, to be used and adapted as needed for all employment or academic applications you make. It then becomes easy to copy and paste information into application forms or cover letters when needed. 
 If a job advert does ask for a CV, make sure you tailor the information to that specific job. Never just send out the same CV to every employer; adapt the personal profile to suit the job role and showcase in your previous experience the most relevant skills to the role. 
 Your personal profile 
 The personal profile section is probably the most important one on your CV and it is usually the most poorly written. The trend seems to be to fill it with buzzwords such as ‘I have excellent communication skills’ and ‘I am ambitious, confident and enthusiastic’. Never just list your skills or qualities in this section without backing them up with evidence. This section should briefly relate your most relevant experience and skills to the position you are applying for and highlight why you are the best choice for the role. 
 Use the person-specification for the job you are applying for and pick out two or three of the main things they are looking for and demonstrate how you meet or exceed the specification requirements. 
 In conclusion 
 Those are just a few things to consider when getting started on your CV and there are many other things you should be aware of. Do make sure you take the time to get it right and ensure your CV isn’t the one going into the reject pile. 
 
 About the author: Lyn Calver 
 Lyn Calver is Managing Director of LC Education & Training. She has spent over fourteen years in the education sector working with individuals and businesses to improve confidence, knowledge and skills. She is also a qualified lecturer. 
 More 
 Footer 
 About Work Horizons 
 At Work Horizons we are organisational renewal and career coaching specialists. Our employees and associates bring many years’ experience and a firm belief that sustainable success is built on employees and managers who have a clear sense of purpose, aligned with the values and goals of the organisation. 
 Meet the team  |  Statutory information 
 Recent news and commentary 
 Launch Event - Work Horizons Consultancy Practice 
 Paid internship - digital marketing and social media 
 Your chance to shine! A guide to virtual interviews 
 Welcome Aboard! 
 Sleep Your Way to the Top! 
 Contact us 
 Work Horizons is based in Birmingham, UK and we have partners delivering projects and supporting clients throughout the country. 
 You can reach us during UK working hours on  0121 663 1710 . During lockdown and social distancing we may answer a little more slower than usual, so for the fastest response please  contact us by email . 
 (C) Copyright 2016-2021 Work Horizons Limited 
