Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 7 LinkedIn Mistakes To Avoid 
 Caroline Schmidt    12th October    Career   Leave a Comment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=7%20LinkedIn%20Mistakes%20To%20Avoid%20-%20https%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fyour-job%2Flinkedin-job-search%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 LinkedIn  has become a pivotal tool when searching for a job and offers users multiple benefits. 
 Your LinkedIn presence is becoming more and more crucial. 
 A respectable presence on the Internet is required as internal and external recruiters use it to source their talent. 
 In this day and age, it is an honest matter of brand or be branded. 
 If you fail to follow the  best practices of a successful job search  with LinkedIn professionals, they will assume: 
 
 You are not tech-savvy enough to know how to use social media 
 You do not have any truly notable achievements or accomplishments 
 You have something to hide 
 
 It is merely not enough to have an up to-date-name and job title to merit a presence in social media. 
 LinkedIn can help you network  efficiently. It allows you to connect with contacts who may assist with identifying job opportunities, referrals, and offer advice and information. 
 Many LinkedIn mistakes could be major professional liabilities, which can ultimately damage your chances of getting a job and harm your professional image. Here are a list of the most common mistakes people make on LinkedIn, as well as how to identify and fix them before they become fatal to your job search. 
 1. Do Not Accept All Connections 
 Many people are mistaken when they think the bigger the network, the better it looks. This is incorrect when you are a  job seeker . Although it is great to have a big network of connections, they must be appropriate connections; in this case, it definitely is quality over quantity. 
 You need to exhibit to potential employers and recruiters that you have connections in a relevant sector and industry. For instance, if you are competing for a job in a particular field, but your profile shows that 90 percent of your connections are in random fields unrelated to the job, it looks, to employers and recruiters, like you are not well-connected for the position. 
 2. Absence Of Profile Picture 
 When searching for a job, one of the most important things to do is ensure you make a  good impression . The very first thing on LinkedIn to help you do that is your profile picture. There are a surprising number of profiles that do not have an image at all. 
 Failing to fully optimize your LinkedIn profile with a picture has the same effect online as coming to a meeting dressed inappropriately. People will be more likely to click on your profile if you have a picture than if you don’t have one. 
 Ensure your photo is up to date, clear, professional and a true expression of you. Remember a smile can also go a long way. If you are a casual kind of person, no one expects to see you in a suit. Dress appropriately for how you are  marketing yourself . 
 In an online world, it is not unusual to do business with someone we have not yet met. The connection provided by a photo is a warm and welcoming reception that will go a long way. 
 3. Not Personalizing Communication 
 Most LinkedIn users complain about the impersonal invitations they receive. When you connect with someone for the first time on LinkedIn, it is strongly advised not to use the generic messages suggested. 
 Take the  time  to write something personalized. It will make the recipient more open to your request, and the message feels a lot less like spam and a lot more directed and personal. This shows the recipient that your request is more personal and not a mass message to everyone to simply grow your connections. 
 4. Neglecting Your LinkedIn Summary 
 Many of our prepared resumes begin with a summary section. It is supposed to highlight your career and achievements and show your  value proposition . 
 The same goes for your LinkedIn profile — it summarizes your career for potential employers. It is the section of your LinkedIn that sells yourself to the employer. So it is essential to have a great summary to land a great job. 
 Surprisingly, a lot of people prefer to leave out their summary. This is another fatal mistake and can hamper the impressions your LinkedIn profile might have to potential employers. Ensure you add a comprehensive summary to make your profile more attractive for the employers. 
 5. No Past Work Experience 
 Unless you have never had a job and are finding your first job, you should share all your experiences with potential  employers . Include all of your past experiences on your LinkedIn profile; this includes work experience as well as education. 
 There are a number of LinkedIn profiles that do not include these details. Even if you have changed your field of work, you should not eliminate these details from your network as potential employers might find this information useful. 
 6. Neglecting To Use LinkedIn 
 The number of  professionals  and businesses who ignore this platform and do not leverage it to its full capacity is very common. LinkedIn is a platform that allows you to connect with an abundance of new potential customers, find new partners to help grow your organization, connect with the media to build your personal brand, and even a way to hire new staff and connect with future employees and employers. 
 7. Ignoring Privacy Settings 
 LinkedIn has its own  security  settings, and it can really be essential at times, like when you are looking for a new job and need to connect with new people. You will have different types of conversations with people that you may not want your current employer to know about. 
 If your current employer is in your LinkedIn circle, keep these conversations hidden by using the privacy settings in LinkedIn. Of course, it is also important to make your profile public so you can be located by potential connections, prospective employers and recruiters so they are able to access your information. 
 -- 
 Your LinkedIn profile needs to have the quality and professionalism to appeal to the prospective employer. Keep this in mind while creating your profile and ensure that you are marketing yourself in the best possible manner. 
 If you are able to do this successfully, you will enhance your chances of landing a great  career  in no time. But be aware of these mistakes — do your best to avoid them to ensure the best results. 
 (   Photo   by Niek Verlaan /   CC BY   ) 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 advancement (41) 
 
 
 how to use linkedin (1) 
 
 
 Job Search (25) 
 
 
 linkedin (6) 
 
 
 linkedin job search (1) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Caroline Schmidt  |  Website  |  Other Articles 
 Caroline Schmidt from the  Kangan Institute  is passionate about education and career outcomes for students in the VET sector. 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     The Fast Track to Success for Writers  
  _ _     Should I Hire a Career Coach?  
  _ _     Layoffs - How to Navigate the Threat of One  
 
 Discussion 
 
 0 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 No Comments yet, be the first! 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
