Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 manager, Enterprise Communications 
 Starbucks 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 (Job Number:  200005321) 
 Location CA-ON-Toronto Canada 
Starbucks - Public Relations and Communications 
 Manager Enterprise Communications 
 Now Brewing! #tobeapartner 
 From the beginning, Starbucks set out to be a different kind of company. One that not only celebrated coffee and the rich tradition, but that also brought a feeling of connection. We are known for developing extraordinary leaders who share this passion and are guided by their service to others. 
 Our Global Communications team serves as an advocate to protect and enhance brand perceptions. As part of that role, we’re responsible for developing and executing global PR strategies that ladder up to enterprise priorities and through the lens of our partners (employees). And we are passionate about what we do and how we show up, every day. 
 We are looking for a candidate to join our efforts by leading and implementing Enterprise communications priorities that drive brand reputation. This role requires an ability to navigate a global business with creativity and flexibility as well as manage deadlines and bring others along. Communicators with experience in both internal and external communications, social impact and corporate storytelling, leader communications and those with a proven track record for being a connector of people and ideas are encouraged to apply. 
 As an Enterprise and Integrated Communications Manager, you will… 
 Lead and implement fully integrated campaigns and corporate narratives for both internal and external audiences, in partnership with a strong team of internal partners and program leads. 
Lead long and short-term communications team planning and work closely with brand and retail communications leads to build Starbucks Canada’s communications roadmap. 
Be a creative, innovative thinker with the ability to develop unique programming and compelling storytelling that drives results 
 We’d love to hear from people who: 
Demonstrate experience in consumer and corporate communications 
Set goals for the work group, develop organizational capability, and model how we work together. 
Develop strategic and operational plans for the work group, manage execution, and measure results. 
Collaborate effectively with colleagues, agencies and partners across the organization 
Apply knowledge of multidisciplinary business principles and practices to achieve successful outcomes in cross-functional projects and activities 
Evaluates processes, designs and implements improvements 
 Join us and be part of something bigger. Apply today! 
 Starbucks and its brands are an equal opportunity employer of all qualified individuals. 
We are committed to creating a diverse and welcoming workplace that includes partners with diverse backgrounds and experiences. We believe that enables us to better meet our mission and values while serving customers throughout our global communities. People of color, women, LGBTQIA+, veterans and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply. 
 Qualified applicants with criminal histories will be considered for employment in a manner consistent with all federal state and local ordinances. Starbucks Corporation is committed to offering reasonable accommodations to job applicants with disabilities. If you need assistance or an accommodation due to a disability, please contact us at 206-318-0660 or via email at applicantaccommodation@starbucks.com 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
