  
 
 Jobs 
 Features 
 Newsletter 
 Login 
 
 Talent  Startup 
 I am a 
 Jobseeker Talent 
 or a 
 Hiring Startup 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign up using linkedin   __ 
 Hello 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign in using linkedin   __ 
 Employers  __ 
 Employers  __ 
 __filters __search 
 Filter by category 
 All Jobs Developer Jobs Marketing Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Manager Jobs Customer Support Jobs Sales Jobs Data and Product Jobs Internships Co-Founder Roles Designer Jobs People and Other Jobs 
 Filter by type 
 full-time part-time freelance 
 Advanced Search 
 search jobs __ 
 Brand Account Manager 
 at Duel 
 go back to Marketing Jobs 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 
 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 Brand Account Manager (for an eCommerce/Retail tech startup)  LONDON  _  , UK _ 
 We are looking for a personable, lovely, organised and brand-obsessed Account Manager to join our fast growing marketing tech startup. 
 You will work with some of the most exciting and cutting edge brands to help them grow through the power of their passionate customers. 
 You will help manage the entire onboarding process and maintain regular contact with all our Brand Partners. First leading customers through the technical implementation and training phases and then continuing to guide them through adoption and growth. The role is non-technical (so no technical experience required and full training will be provided), but you will spend all day using, deploying and thinking about how the software can best support organic growth for brands - ultimately, you will play one of the most important roles in steering the direction of the Duel product, while keeping the success of brand storytelling front of mind. 
 Duel is obsessed with helping our brands get organic growth through the word-of-mouth of their happy customers. We take that to heart with our own customers and who have become our primary channel for growth.  As the main point of contact you will be the most important factor in providing a remarkable customer experience - not only through the software we provide but through ongoing engagement and interaction with you to help drive  our  growth. 
 THE COMPANY 
 Duel has developed both the technology and methodology to enable purpose-led brands to drive organic growth through word of mouth and advocacy. 
 Duel is demystifying word-of-mouth marketing and breaking a brand's reliance on digital advertising and other short-form marketing practices to deliver organic growth at scale.  We do this through a platform combining the Duel software, our community of brand builders and our education around organic growth. 
 The Duel software is a Brand Advocacy Platform that drives organic growth and retention for high passion brands. The platform scales management of the brand's relationship with thousands of their advocates through Advocacy Programs that engage, retain and drive word-of-mouth sales. 
 Founded by world-record breaking adventurer and former brand ambassador, Paul Archer, and viral games developer, Panaiotis Tsarouchis, the Duel team is made up of psychologists, brand experts and community builders from companies including Amazon and Lululemon. The platform is used by brands such as Monica Vinader, King of Shaves, Frugi and Mud Jeans and has consulted with over 450 brands including Amex, Travelex, M&S, Philips, Boots, Schuh and TopShop. 
 Duel was featured in Gartner's 'Cool Vendor' Retail Marketing category. 
 THE ROLE 
 
 Advise and educate Brand Partners on the methodology of Brand Advocacy and support in bringing these practices to life through Advocacy Programs 
 Ensure every Brand Partner is successful with the Duel technology and is happy can't live without it 
 Serve as the primary point of contact for both internal and external stakeholders during the implementation phase of the Duel technology 
 Identify opportunities and propose solutions to Brand Partners to support them in getting the most of their advocacy programs 
 Stay up to date on market trends within the consumer world 
 Work with the sales team to establish customer goals, evaluate their needs and suggest optimisation techniques or additional features to meet their requirements 
 Guide customers through the onboarding and technical implementation phase 
 Working closely with the Duel development team to provide technical support for customers and feedback on new features or products, becoming an integral part of steering the direction of the product 
 
 THE PERSON 
 
 You'll have a personable, warm and inviting personality - you work well in a team and people generally want to be around you 
 You'll preferably have a background in brand marketing, with experience in bringing brand storytelling to life across multiple channels 
 Brand-obsessed, innately knows what makes great brands great 
 Tech-savvy, eager to learn and comfortable picking up new skills on-the-fly 
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills (people who mix up your and you're fill you with rage) 
 Attentive to detail with strong problem-solving skills 
 Able to multitask and prioritise tasks in what is guaranteed to be a constantly changing environment 
 Able to work well by yourself and in a team 
 Passion for the brands, start-ups and the tech sector 
 Must be eligible to work in the UK 
 
 THE OPPORTUNITY 
 You will be joining an exciting startup that is revolutionising the marketing industry. The Duel software came out of a beta in March '20 and has grown 4x in the last 12 months with substantial growth planned for '21. As consumer behaviour changes, brands are looking for ways to amplify and tell their brand story through their most important asset - their customers. You will be instrumental in creating the category of Brand Advocacy marketing to allow brands to achieve this. You will have a strong hand in creating the playbook for creating & deploying Brand Advocacy Programs, that will be a key line of every brand's P&L in a couple years time. You will have the opportunity to own a part of this exciting business, as we pave the way for the next generation of marketing. 
 EXPERIENCE 
 
 Experience working on brand strategies, campaigns and activations 
 Preferred experience working at an amazing brand making things happen or working as an Account Manager for brands making things happen 
 OR you just love making things happen and innately understand all areas of brand building 
 
 WHAT WE OFFER 
 
 Flexible working hours and home working options - if you need to fit around childcare, want to work odd hours or need to do fewer than 5 days a week, we can make it work 
 25 days holiday (and we don't really count) If you don't need to be in the office, do the work required from anywhere in the world - Google Hangouts is a wonderful thing. 
 On-going training where required 
 Perks: gym membership, Headspace subscription and work-related or personal growth reading/Audible budget 
 Options scheme for all full-time employees - it's important to us that everybody owns a part of the company and shares in the benefits of what we build 
 Competitive salary 
 We're on a mission to build a remarkable company, with remarkable people and a remarkable culture that you will want to shout from the rooftops about - in a relaxed, flexible and fun environment, the team is driven to making the business a success, while enjoying what we do and who we do it with. 
 
 HOW DO I APPLY? 
 Please send us your CV (no cover letters please) to the email address specified in the ad with the job title as the subject line. 
 (No recruiters, please! We would rather save the money and put it towards an awesome team day out. Also, no phone calls. Everything must be done by email. Cheers!) 
 ***Duel is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. We know some folk tend to only apply for jobs when they meet all the criteria (Ladies, we 're looking at you) - if you think you might be able to do this role (or even grow into it), ping us your CV as we often pool CVs for other roles.  Remember, if Kanye can think he's qualified for the job of president of the United States, you're probably going to be just fine. 
 All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, colour, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, disability or age.*** 
 Published at 27 Nov 2020 - Expires on 27 Jan 2021 
 You need to be logged in to apply.   Login  or  create an account . 
 Is this job ad fake? Report it! 
 ×  Warning! 
 __get the latest startup jobs emailed to you 
 Developer Jobs Designer Jobs Internships Marketing Jobs Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Co-Founder Roles Data and Product Jobs People and Other Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Customer Support Jobs 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;  
 and 
  Privacy Policy  
 and Cookie Use. 
 New Jobs Alert created! 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;   
 and 
  Privacy Policy   
 and Cookie Use. 
 other jobs at  Duel 
 fulltime  Junior Brand Marketing Enthusiast  at Duel in London 
 __27-11-2020 
 
 
 * [Terms of Service](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/terms)
 
 
 Privacy 
 Cookie Policy 
 Acceptable Use Policy 
 Still Hiring 
 
 
 
 * [About Us](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/about)
 
 
 FAQ 
 Cities 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 * [__Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/workinstartups/)
 
 
 __Twitter 
 __Instagram 
 Blog 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Work In Startups 
 This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  Read more  Close 
