  
 
 Jobs 
 Features 
 Newsletter 
 Login 
 
 Talent  Startup 
 I am a 
 Jobseeker Talent 
 or a 
 Hiring Startup 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign up using linkedin   __ 
 Hello 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign in using linkedin   __ 
 Employers  __ 
 Employers  __ 
 __filters __search 
 Filter by category 
 All Jobs Developer Jobs Marketing Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Manager Jobs Customer Support Jobs Sales Jobs Data and Product Jobs Internships Co-Founder Roles Designer Jobs People and Other Jobs 
 Filter by type 
 full-time part-time freelance 
 Advanced Search 
 search jobs __ 
 Business Development Manager 
 at Legatics 
 go back to Sales Jobs 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 
 apply 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 
 
 PLEASE APPLY VIA OUR WEBSITE: www.legatics.com 
 Role: 
 You will be responsible for driving Legatics' growth by generating new business in the US and UK regions. 
 About Legatics: 
 ​  Legatics is one of the world's leading LegalTech scale-ups. Our legal transaction management platform enables law firms and their clients to collaborate on and close deals in an interactive online environment, providing clarity, reducing risk and saving time. We are on a mission to transform the $600bn market for legal services worldwide and to work with our customers to bring the way they manage deals into the 21st century. 
 Our customers include many of the world's top law firms, such as Allen & Overy, Latham & Watkins, Hogan Lovells, Herbert Smith Freehills, Shearman & Sterling, Eversheds Sutherland, DLA Piper, Pinsent Masons, Watson Farley & Williams, McDermott Will & Emery and King & Wood Mallesons and our software has been used on live transactions in more than 30 countries around the world. 
 Legatics is regularly featured in prominent industry publications including Forbes, the Financial Times, The Lawyer, Legal Business, LegalWeek, Legal IT Insider and Artificial Lawyer. 
 What you will be doing 
 You will initially join us on a remote basis moving to partial remote working (based in central London) when possible. You will work directly with our Head of Business Development to drive Legatics' continued expansion in the UK and US. 
 You will be responsible for initiating and developing qualified sales leads, arranging and conducting software demonstrations and negotiating and closing contracts with leading law firms headquartered in UK and US. 
 You will work closely with our engagement, customer success, marketing, support, operations and product teams and must love working in a customer-facing role, thinking of strategies for winning new customers and communicating with a variety of different stakeholders. 
 You must be comfortable with technology, be an impactful presenter and be confident speaking to senior legal staff, including law firm partners and senior innovation personnel, about how technology can improve the way they work. 
 Responsibilities 
 
 Owning and executing the entire sales pipeline for target customers headquartered in US and UK, including:
 
 identifying and contacting key decision makers within target customers; 
 arranging and conducting software demonstrations with key decision makers within target customers; 
 pushing prospective customers through the sales pipeline; 
 negotiating and finalising contracts with prospective customers; and 
 handing over signed customers to our engagement and customer success team. 
 
 
 Maintaining up-to-date information on prospective customers and key contacts in our CRM system. 
 Providing relevant Legatics team members with the feedback you have gained from talking to prospective customers. 
 Maintaining a deep understanding of the product and use cases. 
 Assisting with the development of BD resources and materials including presentation decks, tear sheets and other collateral. 
 Assisting with the development and refinement of BD processes. 
 Becoming Legatics support qualified and assisting with aspects of customer support. 
 
 Occasional travel will be required (domestic and international) 
 What we need from you: 
 
 Experience working in B2B SaaS sales, ideally within the legal industry; 
 A right to work in the UK (unfortunately, we are not in a position to support visa sponsorship at this stage); 
 An ability to work from our London office once or twice a week for team meetings etc.; 
 To be passionate about legal technology and its potential to transform the way lawyers work; 
 To be capable of speaking intelligently and confidently to senior management, including law firm partners and senior innovation personnel; 
 To have high standards of integrity and trust; 
 To be self-motivated and able manage your workload with limited oversight; 
 To have strong communication, listening, presentation, and negotiation skills; 
 An enthusiasm and willingness to learn in a dynamic and rapidly changing scale-up environment; 
 To be a team player who enjoys working with others and thinking cross-functionally about how their actions will impact other teams and how we can improve cross-team alignment; and 
 Familiarity with CRM and support software systems. 
 
 Bonus points for the following (but don 't worry, these are not essential): 
 
 Exposure to legal practice or law firms (for example, through an internship or previous employment); 
 Experience working in a start-up or scale-up, ideally within LegalTech; 
 Experience using the HubSpot CRM; and 
 Proficient with Microsoft Office and Google Workspace products, in particular Excel, PowerPoint and Google Sheets. 
 
 What we offer you: 
 
 An opportunity to help grow one of the world's leading LegalTech scale-ups; 
 A chance to work with some of the world's leading law firms and meaningfully and lastingly change how the legal industry operates; 
 Training and support on our product, the legal technology market and the role; 
 £100 personal learning & development budget; 
 A warm, genuinely collaborative culture and an awesome team; 
 Regular socials; 
 25 days holiday per year; 
 Laptop; 
 Pension with NEST. 
 
 **Who would you be working with?  ** 
 You would be working with a welcoming, inclusive and committed team. 
 Team culture is really important to us. We are looking for someone who is excited to join us as a key employee at this important stage in our growth and who will bring new and exciting perspectives to Legatics. We are a friendly and passionate bunch with a wide range of interests. We love to socialise together too and hold regular team events. 
 Power in diversity 
 We put users at the heart of our design to provide legal transaction experiences that everyone loves. In order to make that a reality, we seek to foster a diverse and inclusive working environment that can empower our people to be creative, effective and innovative, to build a brand we are proud of. 
 How to apply 
 Please complete application form provided. If we think you are suited to the role, we will invite you for an initial virtual coffee catch-up to allow you to learn more about the company and the role. 
 Published at 13 Jan 2021 - Expires on 13 Mar 2021 
 You need to be logged in to apply.   Login  or  create an account . 
 Is this job ad fake? Report it! 
 ×  Warning! 
 __get the latest startup jobs emailed to you 
 Developer Jobs Designer Jobs Internships Marketing Jobs Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Co-Founder Roles Data and Product Jobs People and Other Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Customer Support Jobs 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;  
 and 
  Privacy Policy  
 and Cookie Use. 
 New Jobs Alert created! 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;   
 and 
  Privacy Policy   
 and Cookie Use. 
 other jobs at  Legatics 
 fulltime  Business Development Associate  at Legatics in London 
 __20-01-2021 
 
 
 * [Terms of Service](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/terms)
 
 
 Privacy 
 Cookie Policy 
 Acceptable Use Policy 
 Still Hiring 
 
 
 
 * [About Us](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/about)
 
 
 FAQ 
 Cities 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 * [__Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/workinstartups/)
 
 
 __Twitter 
 __Instagram 
 Blog 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Work In Startups 
 This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  Read more  Close 
