Menu --- 
 
 Blog 
 Entrepreneurship 
 
 Apps, web and technology 
 Hiring a freelancer 
 Digital Marketing 
 Organization and productivity 
 Tips for entrepreneurs 
 
 
 Freelancing 
 
 Training 
 Becoming a freela 
 Workana Essentials 
 Organization and productivity 
 FreelaLife 
 
 
 Success Stories 
 
  __  __  __  __  __ 
 __ 
   
 Workana Blog 
 Explore your natural talents: the secret to success in a freelance career! 
 November 8, 2019   Workana 
 Achieving success in a freelance career is directly linked to one important factor: knowing your natural talents! 
 One thing is certain:  remote work and a freelance career are an absolute success!  Of course, more and more people are attracted to all the benefits of home office, the better quality of life and the digital nomadism, where you can work from anywhere in the world! 
 In our non-stop pursuit of success, it's common to find professionals who seek the most valued and well-paid careers in remote work and forget that, for professional success to happen, we must understand what are our best qualities, that is, those features that lead us to really achieve our goals, and achieve them with extraordinary results. 
 Are you a Digital Marketing Freelancer? We have thousands of projects for you to work on. Please sign up  here . 
 Knowing how to take advantage of her natural talents was what led professional freelancer Madiha Athar to pursue her freelance career in the area of Graphic Design and Animation. 
 Know a little about her history 
 Madiha Athar is a 25-year-old  Design & Multimedia professional  based in Karachi, Pakistan. Married and mother to a 3-year-old son, she divides her time between her activities as a mother, wife and professional (her husband also works with content creation). Today she works full time as a freelancer and is able to juggle the possibility of being closer to her family and being able to take care of her house, son and husband. 
 Her expertise in illustration and image editing, which are her greatest expertise, came precisely from her natural talents and her passion for drawing and painting. Prior to starting her  freelance work at Workana , she had never worked at any other company before. 
 For Madiha, Workana has brought her the opportunity to broaden her knowledge through the various projects that were already executed by her and one of the things she likes most is being able to count on the  benefits of the Premium plan . With a large number of weekly proposals, she can apply for several projects weekly and thereby increase her chances of winning new jobs frequently. 
 Also, because of the Premium plan coupled with her talent and professionalism, Madiha rose to third place in her region's ranking in her category in less than a year. With over 60 projects completed and 11 rehirings, her ratings and reviews couldn't be better! 
 Besides, being a freelance professional gives Madiha the chance to make a dream come true of traveling the world with her family! And we know that this is a reality! Remote work allows anyone to do their work  while traveling or living anywhere  in the world!  It's increasingly common for us to see digital nomad stories . 
 One advice she has to anyone who wants to become a freelancer is this: 
 **At Workana, we need Digital Marketing Freelancers for our projects. Please sign up here  to get personally recommended to freelancing projects. 
** 
 
 'It doesn't matter what you do, but do it with passion and work hard. The job can be big or small, always do it with enthusiasm.  ' 
 Madiha Athar 
 
 Now that you know a little more about Madiha, shall we understand why this advice she gave us is so important? 
 What is the relationship between success x gift x talent? 
 Knowing what your gift and talent are is crucial to  your life as a professional freelancer  because when you know your skills better and hone your abilities, you become the perfect person to do a certain kind of activity, and you won't even break a sweat. 
 The word gift comes from the Latin  donus  , meaning blessing, present. That means it's the innate ability to perform a particular task with dexterity, even in aspects that seem really complex to most people. 
 Talent, while very similar to a person's gift, differs in that it's a  skill that can be developed and perfected  by a person. You may have a pre-established aptitude and want to develop this talent. 
 Developing your talents requires a lot of training  , discipline and planning, and, of course, perseverance! Thomas Edson once said: '  Talent is 1% inspiration and 99% perspiration  '. 
 As such, just looking for what pays most money or is hot in the market is not always the right formula to success. You have to like what you do, know how to do it and do it with ease. 
 When you discover your top talents  or even your gift, the best thing to do is to relate them to your professional area of ​​interest, your skills and, with that, how to pursue your career. 
 One tip is to ask yourself: 
 
 What is easy for me to do? 
 What I am willing to study? 
 What hobbies and activities do I enjoy in my free time? 
 What I do or would do for free without getting anything in return? 
 What do I hate doing? 
 What skills involved in my hobbies could I put to use in the job market? 
 
 What about you? What would you do if you could develop your natural talents to the fullest? What would you be able to accomplish and achieve? Have you ever wondered how  success in your freelance career  could make you happy and give you everything you ever wanted to be or do? 
 [Download] Learn from Alisha 's Story how to take your first steps as a successful freelancer: 
 Your Name (required) 
 Your Email (required) 
 **There are over 1,000 projects looking for Digital Marketing Freelancers. Sign up here  and we will personally contact you. We need freelancers! 
** 
 __ __ __ __ __ 
   
  Workana  
 Thousands of freelancers are ready to start working on your project. 
 __ 
 Post Navigation 
  __ 
   
  Previous Post:  
 Success Case: How freelancers became a world of new possibilities for big multinationals like Veeder-Root. 
  __ 
   
  Next Post:  
 What Do Clients Expect from Freelancers’ Proposals? 
 Subscribe to the Workana newsletter and keep updated 
 NAME 
 EMAIL 
 SUBSCRIBE ME 
 Related Posts: 
   
 The importance of a good portfolio 
 December 26, 2018 
 December 26, 2018   Jesica Mraz 
   
 Did you know that you can go on vacation even if you’re a freelancer? 
 January 28, 2019 
 January 28, 2019   Juliana Belmudes 
   
 5 reasons why you should keep working with your clients on Workana 
 May 4, 2020 
 May 4, 2020   Workana 
 Site Footer 
 About Us 
 
 Workana is the largest freelance hiring platform in Latin America. 
 Enterprise 
 
 Check out our exclusive remote freelance talent service for companies. 
 Community 
 
 Join our community and get ready for a new world of work. 
 © 2012 - 2019 | Workana LLC - Todos los derechos reservados 
   
 © 2012 - 2019 | Workana LLC - Todos los derechos reservados 
 Español 
 
 English 
 Español 
 Português 
 
 __ __ __ __ __ 
 
 
 WHO ARE WE? 
 
 ABOUT US 
 CAREERS 
 CONTACT US 
 WORKANA POLICIES 
 PRIVACY POLICY 
 TERMS OF SERVICE 
 
 
 
 RESOURCES 
 
 HELP CENTER 
 HOW IT WORKS 
 MEMBERSHIP PLANS 
 GLOSSARY 
 WORKANA TIME REPORT 
 
 
 
 FREELANCE JOBS 
 
 IT & PROGRAMMING 
 DESIGN & MULTIMEDIA 
 WRITING & TRANSLATION 
 SALES & MARKETING 
 ADMIN SUPPORT 
 LEGAL 
 FINANCE & MANAGEMENT 
 ENGINEERING & MANUFACTURING 
 
 
 
 FREELANCERS 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 
 INTERNATIONAL PARTNERS 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 Brighter Monday (East Africa) 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 
   
