Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Assistant Manager (Retail, Remote, Relocation to Baker Lake, NU) 
 Arctic Co-operatives Limited 
 __Canada 
 Apply Now 
 Position Title:  Assistant Manager 
 Reports to:  General Manager 
 This position requires relocation to Baker Lake, Nunavut. Expenses WILL be covered 
 The compensation package for permanent AMs includes: competitive salary, subsidized housing, relocation assistance, Northern Living Allowance, annual vacation, Northern Travel Allowance, an employer-matched pension and a comprehensive group benefits plan. 
 (Dependent on need/skill set/experience level, there may be opportunities for Relief Management positions. These are offered at a contract level and the compensation package is not the same that is offered to permanent roles.) 
 The community owned Co-operatives in the Arctic are multi-purpose businesses that provide a wide range of services to their members and their communities. Services provided by local Co-ops include retail stores, hotel and tourism operations, cable television, arts and craft marketing, fuel distribution, construction & heavy equipment services, property rental and a variety of agency type services (such as Canada Post, taxi service). 
 Please see below for the full job description, qualifications ... 
 Reporting to the General Manager, the Assistant Manager will be a key player on the Management Team. The Assistant Manager will participate with the General Manager in the management and control of all Divisions and Departments of the Co-operative, with the primary responsibilities focusing on the various retail activities of the Co-operative. The Assistant Manager will be responsible for assisting in various retail activities of the Co-operative. The Assistant Manager will be responsible for assisting in overseeing and managing the day-to-day operations of the Co-operative. Key accountabilities include managing on a day-to-day basis the retail store; supervision of staff, training and development of local staff, achieving specific financial performance targets of the store, and providing excellent member service. A principal objective is to ensure that all the local staff are thoroughly trained in their areas of responsibility. 
 Duties and Responsibilities: 
 
 To assist General Manager in all aspects of the operation and control of the various business units of the Co-op including the Retail Store(s), Hotel/Restaurant, Coffee Shop, Petroleum Distribution, Cable Services, and various contract agreements. 
 To work closely with GM in sharing information and expertise so that the management team understands all aspects of the business. 
 To manage on a day-to-day basis the retail store(s) by: 
 Order inventory when required to ensure the shelves are restocked on a daily basis; 
 Ensure inventory counts and plan an organized system for receiving of stock; 
 Coordinate the collection of freight; 
 Provide top quality customer service by ensuring Co-op Members and customers receive a positive, pleasant shopping/service experience; 
 Ensure the retail store operates in a safe, professional manner at all times and that all regulations and legislated standards are adhered to; 
 Work in the office area to ensure an understanding of the Point of Sale System – giving advice, supervision and training to employees of the Co-operative. 
 To assist the General Manager in the public relations and communications of the association. 
 To assist in the control of the Co-op operations by supervising sales, purchases, services, and contract work. 
 To prepare reports and when requested by the General Manager, attend meetings of the Board of Directors. 
 To assist in the control and supervision of the credit, operation and personnel policies of the association. 
 To schedule and supervise staff to ensure proper service is provided and financial targets are achieved. 
 To assist in all human resource matters concerning hiring, training, appraising, promoting, demoting or firing of Co-operative employees. 
 As part of the management team of Igloolik Co-operative Ltd., this position has irregular hours of work. Work scheduled will be based on the needs and requirements of the membership and the unique nature of the Co-operatives' business environment. 
 To assume the duties of the General Manager when so assigned. 
 To perform other duties as required for the proper management of the association. 
 
 Qualifications Required 
 
 Three to five years retail management experience in food and non-food operations. 
 Knowledge and experience in a computerized environment, including the operation and administration of Point of Sale (POS) computer systems. 
 Proficient in office software packages including word processing, spreadsheets, etc. 
 Strong financial management skills including the ability to review and analyze financial statements. 
 Ability to manage inventory levels, order stock and price products to achieve gross margin targets; 
 Excellent people management skills including the ability to recruit, hire, train, motivate, evaluate, correct, develop, and increase staff performance in a cross-cultural environment. 
 Strong oral and written communication skills. 
 The ability to speak and write Inuktitut would be considered a definite asset. 
 Experience and understanding of co-operatives and working with Boards of Directors would be an asset. 
 
 Working Conditions 
 
 Extended hours of work, including 10-12 hours per day, 5-6 days per week are not unusual in a retail operation due to the multi-faceted nature of the Co-operative. 
 Access to medical facilities is limited with many locations only having a nurse station. 
 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Experience: 
 
 management: 3 years (Preferred) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
