Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 AstraZeneca Canada Inc., Chair in Asthma and Obstructive Lung Disease 
 University of Alberta 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry - Medicine Department 
Competition No. - A100642182 
Closing Date - Will remain open until filled. 
 The University of Alberta, Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry, Department of Medicine, Division of Pulmonary Medicine in conjunction with the Alberta Respiratory Centre, invite applications for a tenure-track appointment at the Associate or Full Professor level for a scientist/clinician-scientist. 
 We are seeking a new leader and dynamic team member with expertise in experimental medicine, epidemiology or other relevant discipline and an already independent research program related to lung health and disease in Asthma and Chronic Obstructive Lung Disease. 
 The selected candidate will hold the AstraZeneca Canada Inc., Chair in Asthma and Obstructive Lung Disease and will receive infrastructural support and a substantial establishment grant to develop a world-leading team in this research area. 
 The Division of Pulmonary Medicine provides a wide range of quaternary and tertiary clinical services in Pulmonary Medicine and Allergy, and is home to the second largest lung transplant program in Canada (among the top ten programs in the world). Divisional members are active in the international research community in most fields of Pulmonary Medicine (https://www.ualberta.ca/department-of-medicine/divisions/pulmonary-medicine/publications). 
 The Alberta Respiratory Centre (ARC, https://www.ualberta.ca/faculties/centresinstitutes/alberta-respiratory-centre) is a multidisciplinary research, education and clinical Centre working on various aspects of respiratory health and disease. The Centre includes experts in immunology, physiology, cell biology, epidemiology, and translational and clinical research in both adult and pediatric disciplines of Respiratory Medicine. 
 The successful candidate is expected to take a leadership role in ARC, and will provide world-class expertise in basic science, translational and clinical research in airway inflammation, asthma and/or obstructive lung disease. The successful candidate is also expected to establish collaborations with divisional and faculty members, to elevate the quality of translational research and the mission of Respiratory Medicine at the University of Alberta to the highest international standards. 
 Depending upon research expertise and needs, the successful applicant will be provided laboratory space within ARC. The laboratory has infrastructure for cell culture, molecular and cellular biology and for animal studies. There will be the opportunity to obtain additional infrastructure via a grant application to the Canada Foundation for Innovation. 
 In addition, the Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry and the University of Alberta offer excellent research core facilities (https://www.ualberta.ca/medicine/research/corefacilities) including imaging, flow cytometry, high content analysis, histology and pathology, mass spectrometry, proteomics, metabolomics and clinical trials. 
 The successful candidate will have the following qualifications: 
 A PhD and/or MD 
A strong scientific track record as an independent investigator, a research background in asthma and/or obstructive lung disease and proven experience in basic and translational sciences 
Expertise and accomplishments in education and mentorship 
Success in applying for independent peer-reviewed research funding 
Excellent interpersonal skills and ability to build relationships that bring a variety of stakeholders and multi-disciplinary researchers together 
 Interested candidates are to submit via the on-line portal provided below: 
 
 a cover letter and curriculum vitae, including the names and contact information of three referees; 
 a statement of their research interests and a description of a proposed 5-year research plan. 
 
 FOR MORE INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT: 
Dr. Giovanni Ferrara 
 Director, Division of Pulmonary Medicine 
 University of Alberta 
 Clinical Sciences Building 3-134 
 11304-83 Avenue, 
 Edmonton, AB T6G 2G3 
 E-mail:  ferrara@ualberta.ca 
 Applications will begin being reviewed eight weeks from posting; however, the competition will remain open until the position is filled. 
 The Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry is internationally recognized among the world’s top medical schools and has a vibrant, world-class community of health researchers. The University of Alberta is one of Canada’s top teaching and research universities, with an international reputation for excellence across the humanities, sciences, creative arts, business, engineering, and health sciences. Home to 39,000 students and 15,000 faculty and staff, the university has an annual budget of $1.8 billion and attracts more than $480 million in sponsored research revenue. It offers close to 400 rigorous undergraduate, graduate, and professional programs in 18 faculties on five campuses—including one rural and one francophone campus. The University has more than 260,000 alumni worldwide. The University and its people are dedicated to the promise made in 1908 by founding president Henry Marshall Tory that knowledge shall be used for “uplifting the whole people.” 
 Details about the University of Alberta, the Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry and the Department of Medicine can be found on the Faculty’s Home Page at www.ualberta.ca. 
 The City of Edmonton, with a growing population of over one million, is the cosmopolitan capital of Alberta known as “The City of Festivals”. With an abundance of services, a beautiful river valley, a multitude of community activities and attractive and financially reasonable living accommodation options, our energetic city has something for everyone. For further details about our vibrant city, please visit www.edmonton.ca. 
 Details about Alberta Health Services can be found at www.albertahealthservices.ca 
 To assist the University in complying with mandatory reporting requirements of the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act (R203(3) (e)), please include the first digit of your Canadian Social Insurance Number in your application. If you do not have a Canadian Social Insurance Number, please indicate this in your application. 
 How to Apply 
 Note:  Online applications are accepted until midnight Mountain Standard Time of the closing date. 
 All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. If suitable Canadian citizens or permanent residents cannot be found, other individuals will be considered. The University of Alberta is committed to an equitable, diverse, and inclusive workforce. We welcome applications from all qualified persons. We encourage women; First Nations, Métis and Inuit persons; members of visible minority groups; persons with disabilities; persons of any sexual orientation or gender identity and expression; and all those who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas and the University to apply. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
