Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Patient Care Coordinator - Coronary ICU 
 University Health Network 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Amazing People. Amazing the World. 
 At University Health Network, which consists of Toronto General, Toronto Western, Princess Margaret and Toronto Rehab hospitals, nothing is more important to us than our team of dedicated employees. UHN focuses on creating and maintaining a workplace of choice, where our people are recognized and valued. We focus on creating a workplace where people enjoy the challenge of their career, create and engage in best practices and are treated with respect. 
 Toronto General Hospital (TGH) is leading the way in cardiac care, organ transplants and the treatment of complex patient needs. Home to three of UHN's major program groupings Peter Munk Cardiac Centre, Transplantation, and Surgery and Critical Care, our highly skilled teams and dedicated volunteers are committed to UHN's vision of achieving global impact. 
 The 14-bed Coronary Intensive Care Unit (CICU) provides quaternary level support for acutely ill cardiac patients. As the provincial centre for Adult Congenital Heart Disease, patients born with heart defects who require medical interventions are cared for in the CICU. The interprofessional team manages patients requiring mechanical ventilation, hemodynamic monitoring, hypothermic cooling, Code STEMIs, Intra Aortic Balloon Pumps (IABP), pacemakers, SLED dialysis, percutaneous left ventricular assist devices and patients recovering from procedures performed in the Cardiac Investigation Unit for structural heart disease, arrhythmias and coronary interventions. 
 As a member of the multi-disciplinary team in the CICU, the PATIENT CARE COORDINATOR acts as a resource for the multidisciplinary team. This position will play a leadership role by mentoring and providing direction, ongoing development and preceptorship to team members. The principal responsibilities include: performing financial/administrative responsibilities to ensure efficient and effective unit operation; contributing to staff development by promoting and ensuring a supportive/collaborative learning environment within the service(s)/cluster area based on the principles of adult learning and practice standards for nurses, students and ancillary staff; performing human resources responsibilities; liaising with members of the multi-disciplinary team to ensure high standards of quality and optimal management of patient care outcomes; performing cross-functional and/or other duties consistent with the job classification as assigned or requested. 
 Qualifications: 
Baccalaureate in Nursing required, Masters preferred 
Current certificate of competency (licensure) from the College of Nurses of Ontario 
Basic Cardiac Life Support (B.C.L.S.) program Level II 
Three (3) years Nursing experience in tertiary care Coronary ICU, or Critical Care 
Demonstrated leadership abilities and experience 
Demonstrated ability towards team building and collaboration 
Effective organizational, interpersonal, and communication skills 
Client service oriented, with the ability to effectively work with diversity and appreciate that people with different opinions, backgrounds and characteristics bring richness to the challenge or situation at hand 
Ability to perform duties in a professional and courteous manner and produce high quality work while meeting deadlines in accordance to UHN standards 
Exercise initiative and good judgment with ability to multi-task 
Excellent decision making and problem solving skills 
Clinical and patient teaching skills 
Excellent time management skills 
 JOB POSTED:  November 19, 2020 CLOSING DATE: Until filled 
 If you are interested in making a contribution at UHN, please apply on-line. You will be asked to copy and paste as well as attach your resume and covering letter. You will also be required to complete some initial screening questions. 
 University Health Network thanks all applicants, however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 University Health Network has a diverse workforce and is an equal opportunity employer. 
 UHN is a respectful, caring, and inclusive workplace. We are committed to championing accessibility, diversity and equal opportunity. Requests for accommodation can be made at any stage of the recruitment process providing the applicant has met the Bona-fide for the open position. Applicants need to make their requirements known when contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
