  
 Job 29 and the Tabernacle In Our Midst 
 Posted by  SolaceSafeguardian June 2, 2015 
 Home 
 
 In a previous entry I began to investigate the connection between Psalm 45 and Tetsaveh (“you shall command”) Exodus 27:20-30:10. ( https://safeguardingtheeternal.wordpress.com/2015/03/18/tetsaveh-and-psalm-45-the-mishkan-and-the-king/ ). Toward the end of the entry I used some examples from other places in scripture which seemed, in my mind, to be relating to the Mishkan or Temple. One such text is that of Yoav (Job) chapter 29. 
 The context in Job 28 was of great interest to me. It contained several elements that would be necessary in the building of the Mishkan, the crafting of the priestly garments and even a reference to unclean animals which can only look upon the Temple and its service from afar ….not to tread there. I will start this entry with what HaShem seems to be showing me. 
 Job 8; 1 “Surely there is a mine for  silver  and a place where they refine  gold . 2 “  Iron  is taken from the dust, and  copper  is smelted from rock.3 “Puts an end to darkness, and to the farthest limit he searches out The  rock  in gloom and deep shadow. 
 
 The sockets which held the beams which were to surround the entire Mishkan (Tabernacle structure were made of silver-  keceph כסף . 
 Shemot (Exodus) 27; 19 You shall make forty sockets of  silver כסף  under the twenty boards, two sockets under one board for its two tenons and two sockets under another board for its two tenons; 20 and for the second side of the tabernacle, on the north side, twenty boards, 21 and their forty sockets of  silver   כסף  ; two sockets under one board and two sockets under another board. 
 
 The Tabernacle's Holy vessels (Menorah, Ark of the Covenant, Incense Altar, Showbread table, etc.) as well as the garments of the Kohen Gadol (threads in the Ephod, casings for the shoham stones, and breastplate, tzits of the crown which was attached to the Turban, etc.) were of gold (  zahab זהב  ). 
 
 Shemot (Exodus) 39; 2 He made the ephod of  gold   זהב  , of blue and purple and scarlet, and fine twisted linen. 3 Then they hammered out  gold   זהב  sheets and cut into threads to be woven in __ the blue and the purple and the scarlet, and the fine linen, the work of a skillful workman……6 They made the onyx stones, set in  gold זהב  filigree; they were engraved the engravings of a signet, according to the names of the sons of Israel…..They were set in  gold זהב  filigree when they were mounted. 14 The stones were corresponding to the names of the sons of Israel; they were twelve, corresponding to their names, the engravings of a signet, each with its name for the twelve tribes. 15 They made on the breast piece chains like cords, of twisted cordage work in pure  זהב   gold  …..30 They made the plate of the holy crown of pure  זהב   gold  , and inscribed it like the engravings of a signet, “Holy to the Lord.”….. 
 
 33 They brought the tabernacle to Moses, the tent and all its furnishings: its clasps, its boards, its bars, and its pillars and its sockets;34 and the covering of rams’ skins dyed red, and the covering of porpoise skins, and the screening veil; 35 the ark of the testimony and its poles and the mercy seat; 36 the table, all its utensils, and the bread of the Presence; 37 the pure  gold  lampstand, with its arrangement of lamps and all its utensils, and the oil for the light; 38 and the  זהב   gold  altar, and the anointing oil and the fragrant incense, and the veil for the doorway of the tent; 39 the bronze altar and its bronze grating, its poles and all its utensils, the laver and its stand;40 the hangings for the court, its pillars and its sockets, and the screen for the gate of the court, its cords and its pegs and all the equipment for the service of the tabernacle, for the tent of meeting; 41 the woven garments for ministering in the holy place and the holy garments for Aaron the priest and the garments of his sons, to minister as priests. 42 So the sons of Israel did all the work according to all that the Lord had commanded Moses. 
 
 The sacrificial Altar and its screen, the Laver for ceremonial washing, the tools for the sacrificial services, fire pans, shovels, etc. were all made of copper - nchuwshah  נחושה . 
 Shemot (Exodus) 27; 3 You shall make its pails for removing its ashes, and its shovels and its basins and its forks and its firepans; you shall make all its utensils of  נחשת   bronze .4 You shall make for it a grating of network of bronze, and on the net you shall make four bronze rings at its four corners. 
 
 נחשת nchosheth- copper, hence, something made of that metal, i.e. coin, a fetter; figuratively, base (as compared with gold or silver). 
 Job continues in verse 1 to speak of stone-  eben אבן . This word is first found in a verse which I have come to think identified for the people….where they might find the materials needed to make the Tabernacle (the place where the service which would rectify the distance from HaShem, the consequence of the first sin in the garden, would transpire). 
 Bereshit (Genesis) 2; 12 The gold of that land is good; the bdellium and the onyx stone  אבן  are there. 
 
 Job's reference to אבן eben is throughout the Torah text regarding the Priestly garments- Shemot (Exodus) 28; 9 You shall take two onyx  stones   אבני  and engrave on them the names of the sons of Israel,10 six of their names on the one stone האבן and the names of the remaining six on the other  stone האבן  , according to their birth. 
 Furthermore, I Kings chapter 5 describes the  Stones  -  אבנים  Sholomo had brought for the construction of the Temple (and his own palace-  see a great teaching which brings new insight into the man Sholomo and the Song of Solomon  -http://elshaddaiministries.us/messages/song_of-solomon.php ). 
 
 I Kings 5; 17 Then the king commanded, and they quarried great stones, costly stones, to lay the foundation of the house with cut  אבנים stones . 18 So Solomon’s builders and Hiram’s builders and the Gebalites cut them, and prepared the timbers and the אבנים stones to build the house. 
 Continuing on with Job 28 for context with my thoughts, could be something….could be nothing….: Job speaks of a place forgotten by the foot  רגל Regel  - which can mean, foot, step. It makes me think of the shoeless Kohanim (priests) walking and serving on the Holy ground of the Mishkan. From the earth- ארץ eretz comes forth food….the Hebrew word is  Bread  - לחם Lechem- which can relate to the bread of the presence or perhaps just the food for the fire, on the Altar? Interestingly this is the next part of the passage: underneath it is turned up as fire-  אש esh.  Again speaking of rocks are the source of sapphires-  ספיר  -  cappiyr  , the stone used in the breastplate- Shemot (Exodus) 28; 15 “You shall make a breastpiece of judgment, the work of a skillful workman;18 and the second row a turquoise, a ספיר sapphire and a diamond; 
 Job 28; 4 “He sinks a shaft far from habitation, forgotten by the  foot  ; they hang and swing to and fro far from men. 5 “The earth, from it comes  לחם food  and underneath it is turned up as  אש fire .6 “Its rocks are the source of  ספיר   sapphires  , and its dust gold. 
 
 Job goes on and mentions this 'place' being somewhere no bird of prey or fierce lion (all unclean- forbidden fowl and animals, forbidden to eat and the contact of whose carcasses would render a person ceremonially unclean and therefore unable to enter and approach the Holy Mishkan). 
 Devarim (Deuteronomy)14;3 “You shall not eat any detestable thing. 6 Any animal that divides the hoof and has the hoof split in two  and  chews the cud, among the animals, that you may eat…..12 But these are the ones which you shall not eat: the eagle and the vulture and the buzzard, 13 and the red kite, the  falcon 
 Job 28; 7 “The path no bird of prey knows, nor has the  falcon’s  eye caught sight of it. 8 “The proud beasts have not trodden it, nor has the lion passed over it. 
 
 The rest of Job 28 I believe sets us up for 29, taking a look at the question he poses in verse 12. Where can וכמ- Chokmah- wisdom (in a good sense) and בינה- Binah- understanding be found? I think once more we are taken into the Mishkan, to the Kohen, to Temple service, to Torah. 
 Exodus 28; 3 You shall speak to all the skillful persons whom I have endowed with the spirit of  חכמה   wisdom  , that they make Aaron’s garments to consecrate him, that he may minister as priest to Me. 
 Exodus 31; 2 “See, I have called by name Bezalel, the son of Uri, the son of Hur, of the tribe of Judah. 3 I have filled him with the Spirit of God in  בחכמה   wisdom  , in  ובתבונה   understanding  , in  ובדעת   knowledge  , and in all craftsmanship, 
 תבונה= tabuwn -intelligence. 
 דעת= Da'at- knowledge. 
 Mishlei (Proverbs) 2; 6 For the Lord gives  חכמה   wisdom  ; from His mouth  דעת knowledge  and  ותבונה understanding . 7 He stores up sound wisdom for the upright; a shield to those who walk in integrity, 8 Guarding the paths of justice, and He preserves the way of His godly ones. 
 
 As a messenger, an intercessor, an intermediary between HaShem and the people of HaShem….the Kohen, the Levite will teach the Torah and thus give wisdom, knowledge and understanding to the people. This is where it can be found…. 
 Malachi 2; 4 Then you will know that I have sent this commandment to you, that My covenant may continue with Levi,” says the Lord of hosts. 5 “My covenant with him was life and peace, and I gave them to him reverence; so he revered Me and stood in awe of My name. 6 True אמת (true) תורת (Torah) instruction was in his mouth and unrighteousness was not found on his lips; he walked with Me in peace and uprightness, and he turned many back from iniquity. 7 **** For the lips of a priest should preserve דעת (da 'at) knowledge , and men should seek תורת (Torah) instruction from his mouth;  for he is the messenger of the Lord of hosts. 
 Job 28; 12 “But where can והחכמה wisdom be found? And where is the place of בינה understanding? 
 
 So let us examine Yoav (Job) chapter 29 with the context of 28 in mind. Try and picture in your mind and heart the awe of this concept…God's very presence dwelling amid a people….not chosen for their own merit or greatness but because He desired them and chose Israel. The distance and separation which was created by the first man in the garden….would be breached in part and temporarily by this Mishkan and the service therein, a distance which will ultimately and permanently be bridged by the Messiah, Yeshua ben David. 
 Read Job 29 in full, below will be the 'commentary' 
 
 Job 29;1 And Job again took up his discourse and said, 
 2 “Oh that I were as in months gone by, 
As in the days when God watched over me 
 3 When His lamp shone over my head, 
by His light I walked through darkness; 
 4 As I was in the prime of my days, 
When the friendship of God over my tent; 
 5 When the Almighty was yet with me, my children were around me; 
 6 When my steps were bathed in butter, 
And the rock poured out for me streams of oil! 
 7 “When I went out to the gate of the city, 
When I took my seat in the square, 
 8 The young men saw me and hid themselves, 
And the old men arose  and  stood. 
 9 “The princes stopped talking 
And put hands on their mouths; 
 10 The voice of the nobles was hushed, 
And their tongue stuck to their palate. 
 11 “For when the ear heard, it called me blessed, 
And when the eye saw, it gave witness of me, 
 12 Because I delivered the poor who cried for help, 
And the orphan who had no helper. 
 13 “The blessing of the one ready to perish came upon me, 
And I made the widow’s heart sing for joy. 
 14 “I put on righteousness, and it clothed me; 
My justice was like a robe and a turban. 
 15 “I was eyes to the blind 
And feet to the lame. 
 16 “I was a father to the needy, 
And I investigated the case which I did not know. 
 17 “I broke the jaws of the wicked 
And snatched the prey from his teeth. 
 18 “Then I thought, ‘I shall die in my nest, 
And I shall multiply  my  days as the sand. 
 19 ‘My root is spread out to the waters, 
And dew lies all night on my branch. 
 20 ‘My glory is new with me, 
And my bow is renewed in my hand.’ 
 21 “To me they listened and waited, 
And kept silent for my counsel. 
 22 “After my words they did not speak again, 
And my speech dropped on them. 
 23 “They waited for me as for the rain, 
And opened their mouth as for the spring rain. 
 24 “I smiled on them when they did not believe, 
And the light of my face they did not cast down. 
 25 “I chose a way for them and sat as chief, 
And dwelt as a king among the troops, 
As one who comforted the mourners. 
 
 Job 29; 2 “Oh that I were as in months gone by, 
As in the days when God watched  ישמרני  over me…. 
 ישמרני  -  shamar  - to hedge about (as with thorns), i.e. guard; generally, to protect, attend to, etc. 
 Immediately I picture the people in the wilderness, having been liberated from slavery…. Mitzrayim- Egypt- narrow….pressing….crushing trials…..He takes them out and gives them a new life. He washes them in the Sea of Reeds and marries them at Sinai. He crowns them with the Torah, a measuring line, a standard to strive for a moral and full life lived God's way. He provides them a system for drawing near to His holiness and relates to Moshe the detail upon detail of the Place where His glory can connect and reside here on earth. The Mishkan. Detail upon detail each with pronounced and shrouded majesty and meaning….down to the color and number of threads. Layers and levels of sanctity and boundaries, yet still ever-presence and connection. The Kohanim (priests) were to safeguard and protect, to watch over the whole set up. The place, the actual vessels, the services and worship were all to be intentionally and continually "minded". 
 Bamidbar (Numbers) 18; 3 And they shall thus attend to your  משמרתך  obligation and the  ומשמרת  obligation of all the tent, but they shall not come near to the furnishings of the sanctuary and the altar, or both they and you will die. 4 They shall be joined with you and attend to the  משמרת  obligations of the tent of meeting, for all the service of the tent; but an outsider may not come near you. 5 So you shall  משמרת  attend to the  ושמרתם  obligations of the sanctuary and the  משמרת  obligations of the altar, so that there will no longer be wrath on the sons of Israel. 
 This was indeed the place and house which God built, He approved and shewed thus by allowing His glory, His presence, His Spirit to 'come down' and rest over the Tabernacle. 
 Tehillim (Psalms) 127;1 Unless the Lord builds the house, 
They labor in vain who build it; 
 Unless the Lord ישמר guards the city, 
The watchman keeps awake in vain. 
 
 The Lord Guarded the Mishkan and the community where it stood. He took out Israel and set them apart that they would be the shining light, the beacon of Truth in the midst of idolatry and falsehood….life in the midst of decay and death. He set them apart and gave them boundaries. Boundaries as far as treatment of each other in their families, in business, in work, in rest, in marriage, in worship….healthy life preserving boundaries which today have become blurred, distorted and disposed of. 
 Devarim “When the Most High gave the nations their inheritance, when He  separated  the sons of man, He set the  boundaries  of the peoples according to the number of the sons of Israel. 9 “For the Lord’s portion is His people; Jacob is the allotment of His inheritance. 10 “He  found  him in a desert land, and in the howling waste of a wilderness; He  encircled  him, He  cared  for him, He  guarded  him as the pupil of His eye. 
 The Lord's protection and watch is all encompassing, He was truly guarding them….and this is the sense of what Job calls to memory….a longing for this protection and presence, 'if only it were again in the time when God had set his boundaries all around me, caring for and watching over me.' 
 
 Job 29; 3 When His  נרו   lamp  shone over my head, 
by His  לאורו   light  I walked through darkness….. 
 נרו  -  Ner  - meaning to glisten; a lamp (i.e. the burner) or light (literally or figuratively). 
 לאורו  -  Owr  - illumination or (concrete) luminary (in every sense, including lightning, happiness, etc.). 
 I can't help but think about the light which would shine forth from the Mishkan and its services. It is hope for the sinner, a means of connection for the worshiper and a place of wisdom and where instruction and teaching can be found. By its light the people would travel through the dark places in life, even the cloud of glory would illumine the night sky for them and lead them in their journeys. 
 Tehillim (Psalms) 119;104 From Your precepts I get understanding; Therefore I hate every false way. 105 Your word is a  נר   lamp  to my feet and a  ואור   light  to my path. 
 
 The Torah is likened to light, coming down from heaven the very heart of God, the make-up and nature of the King. We can learn about the Lawgiver by studying His commands. In following them and guarding them, there is much reward and to safeguard His ways applying your life to their pursuit you will find yourself reaching more of the goals set before you, in those times when stumbling happens….you will find the way out and back, through return and repentance. 
 Tehillim (Psalms) 36; 7 How precious is Your lovingkindness, O God! And the children of men take refuge in the shadow of Your wings. 8 They drink their fill of the abundance of Your house; and You give them to drink of the river of Your delights.9 For with You is the fountain of life;  In Your באורך light we see אור light . 
 Only by the light of the World, the Spirit of God and the Light of the Torah (teaching and Instruction of the Most High) can we really assume to attempt to walk in the light. One can not really "see" without it! ALL of it. 
 Shemot (Exodus) 25; 31 “Then you shall make a lampstand of pure gold. The lampstand its base and its shaft are to be made of hammered work; its cups, its bulbs and its flowers shall be with it….. 37 Then you shall make its lamps seven; and they shall mount its lamps so as to shed light on the space in front of it. 38 Its snuffers and their trays of pure gold. 39 It shall be made from a talent of pure gold, with all these utensils. 40 See that you make after the pattern for them, which was shown to you on the mountain. 
 
 The Mishkan Menorah was about the height of the average person, the Temple Menorah stood above the head of the average man. It's light was to be continual, without it the sacred space would be too dark….how could the serving priests perform their duties? The Talmud records that among other "strange" occurrences in the Temple after the crucifixion of Yeshua, the Westernmost lamp….that light by which all others were to be lit….would not stay alight. 
 "Our Rabbis taught: During the last forty years before the destruction of the Temple the lot ['For the Lord'] did not come up in the right hand; nor did the crimson-colored strap become white; nor did the westernmost light shine" (Yoma 39a). 
 It is His light shining forth from us when we are working in accord with the Spirit that others will "see" by and that will "shine forth before men." 
 Shemot (Exodus) 27; 20 “You shall charge the sons of Israel, that they bring you clear oil of beaten olives for the light, to make a lamp burn continually. 21 In the tent of meeting, outside the veil which is before the testimony, Aaron and his sons shall keep it in order from evening to morning before the Lord; a perpetual statute throughout their generations for the sons of Israel. 
 
 Zechariah 14; 6 In that day there will be no light; the luminaries will dwindle. 7 For it will be a unique day which is known to the Lord, neither day nor night, but it will come about that at evening time there will be light. 
 What will be that "light" at even? What does it mean, if there is no day or night yet the verse of Zechariah speaks of "that day", and we know this refers to the end times, the end of days…..yet in the "end" (evening of darkness) there will be light, Him….dwelling in our midst once more. 
 Revelation 22; 5 And there will no longer be night; and they will not have need of the light of a lamp nor the light of the sun, because the Lord God will illumine them; and they will reign forever and ever. 
 Job takes us to the Menorah and the Mishkan, the light of the place where God dwelt among men once more….he takes us to that day when His light will lead us through the darkness again. 
 
 Job 29; 4 As I was in the prime of my days, 
When the  בסוד  friendship of God over my  אהלי  tent…. 
 אהלי  -  ohel  - a  tent  (as clearly conspicuous from a distance). 
 בסוד  -  sode  - a session, i.e. company of persons (in close deliberation); by implication,  intimacy  , consultation, a secret. 
 
 Fascinating already, the connections. My mind swiftly centers on Moshe and His friendship with HaShem, the Tent at which he would still inquire of the diving despite the waywardness of the people. A Tent of Meeting, before the Tent of the Mishkan stood. Job speaks about the secret- Sode, the intimate relations being transferred here…..revealed here, in a close relationship which the Temple service provided any and every willing Israelite and proselyte by means of the Kohanim who could come even 'closer' on their behalf. 
 Shemot (Exodus) 33; 10 When all the people saw the pillar of cloud standing at the entrance of the  האהל tent  , all the people would arise and worship, each at the entrance of his  האהל tent . 11 Thus the Lord used to speak to Moses face to face, just as a man speaks to his friend. 
 
 The Psalmist speaks of God hiding, covering, keeping secret and safe His people….from the contests of the tongues of men. The people have become the hidden treasure in His Succah….his dwelling place. 
 Psalm 31; 20 You hide them in the secret place of Your presence from the conspiracies of man; You keep them secretly in a  בסכה shelter  from the strife of tongues.21 Blessed be the Lord, for He has made marvelous His loving kindness to me in a besieged city. 
 בסכה- Sukkah- a hut or lair. 
 Then the glory of Hashem will again be in Zion, in the same form as as once….as brightness in fire and cloud and He will be their Chuppah, canopy. Once again we see in Isaiah this picture of the Sinai revelation, with smoke and fire…cloud and the Lord's glory covering the 'mountain'. 
 Isaiah  4 ;5 When the Lord has washed away the filth of the daughters of Zion and purged the bloodshed of Jerusalem from her midst, by the spirit of judgment and the spirit of burning, 5  then the LORD will create over the whole area of Mount Zion and over her assemblies a cloud by day, even smoke, and the brightness of a flaming fire by night; for over all the glory will be a  חפה canopy . 
 חפה- Chuppah- a canopy. 
 
 Shemot (Exodus) 40; 34 Then the cloud covered the  אהל  tent of meeting, and the glory of the Lord filled the tabernacle. 35 Moses was not able to enter the  אהל tent  of meeting because the cloud had  שכן settled  on it, and the glory of the Lord filled the tabernacle. 36 Throughout all their journeys whenever the cloud was taken up from over the tabernacle, the sons of Israel would set out; 37 but if the cloud was not taken up, then they did not set out until the day when it was taken up. 38 For throughout all their journeys, the cloud of the Lord was on the tabernacle by day, and there was fire in it by night, in the sight of all the house of Israel. 
 שכן-shakan- to reside or permanently stay (literally or figuratively). 
 This is indeed what Job yearns for, the covering shelter and friendship of HaShem. As in the height of their relationship….when HaShem's glory dwelt with them in friendship, a sacred and protected union….a marriage, and as their Head He would lead them all along the way, providing them cover and shade and light in the darkness. This place where the groom has spread His garments over His bride and she is safe under His wings. 
 
 Job 29; 5 When the  שדי Almighty  was yet עמדי with me, my נערי children were סביבותי around me…. 
 עמדי- Shaddai- Almighty …. 
 Job refers to HaShem using His name El Shaddai, Shaddai the Almighty God. When reviewing the first through third appearances of God as El Shaddai from the passages below ask : What type of promises come with this Name? 
 Bereshit (Genesis) 17; 1 Now when Abram was ninety-nine years old, the Lord appeared to Abram and said to him, “I am God  עמדי Almighty  ; Walk before Me, and be blameless. 2 “I will establish My covenant between Me and you, and I will  multiply you exceedingly .” 
 
 Bereshit (Genesis) 28; 1 So Isaac called Jacob and blessed him and charged him, and said to him, “You shall not take a wife from the daughters of Canaan. 2 Arise, go to Paddan-aram, to the house of Bethuel your mother’s father; and from there take to yourself a wife from the daughters of Laban your mother’s brother. 3 May God  שדי Almighty  bless you and  make you fruitful and multiply you, that you may become a company of peoples.  4 May He also give you the blessing of Abraham, to you and to  your descendants  with you, that you may possess the land of your sojournings, which God gave to Abraham.” 
 
 Bereshit (Genesis) 35; 9 Then God appeared to Jacob again when he came from Paddan-aram, and He blessed him. 10 God said to him, “Your name is Jacob; you shall no longer be called Jacob, but Israel shall be your name.” Thus He called him Israel. 11 God also said to him, “I am God  שדי Almighty  ;  b  _e fruitful and multiply; a nation and a company of nations shall come from you, and kings shall come forth from you. _12 “The land which I gave to Abraham and Isaac, I will give it to you, and I will give the land to  your descendants  after you.” 
 
 This name El Shaddai is in direct connection with the promise to Avraham, at the time his name is changed to indicate he will be the Father of nations, that many peoples will come to faith in God because of his ministry and legacy. Similarly Jacob is blessed by Isaac as he sets out on the journey which will lead to him finding his wives and bearing the 12 tribes. We see Jacob's name changed to Israel and it is El Shaddai who 'appears' to him at this time. All three appearances come with echoes of the first commandment to man….a promise of fruitfulness and multiplication- children and family. This is where Job takes us and bears us to recall, the multitude of people….Israelite as well as a mixed multitude attached to HaShem, children all camped all around His center, the Tabernacle in their midst. 
 Numbers 2;1 Now the Lord spoke to Moses and to Aaron, saying,2 “The sons of Israel shall camp, each by his own standard, with the banners of their fathers’ households; they shall camp around the tent of meeting at a distance. 
 
 Bamidbar (Numbers)9; 15 Now on the day that the tabernacle was erected the cloud covered the tabernacle, the tent of the testimony, and in the evening it was like the appearance of fire over the tabernacle, until morning. 16 So it was continuously;the cloud would cover it, and the appearance of fire by night. 17 Whenever the cloud was lifted from over the tent, afterward the sons of Israel would then set out; and in the place where the cloud settled down, there the sons of Israel would camp. 18 At the command of the Lord the sons of Israel would set out, and at the command of the Lord they would camp; as long as the cloud settled over the tabernacle, they remained camped. 19 Even when the cloud lingered over the tabernacle for many days, the sons of Israel would keep the Lord’s charge and not set out. 20 If sometimes the cloud remained a few days over the tabernacle, according to the command of the Lord they remained camped. Then according to the command of the Lord they set out. 21 If sometimes the cloud remained from evening until morning, when the cloud was lifted in the morning, they would move out; or in the daytime and at night, whenever the cloud was lifted, they would set out. 22 Whether it was two days or a month or a year that the cloud lingered over the tabernacle, staying above it, the sons of Israel remained camped and did not set out; but when it was lifted, they did set out. 23 At the command of the Lord they camped, and at the command of the Lord they set out; they kept the Lord’s charge, according to the command of the Lord through Moses. 
 
 Each tribe organized (as a picture of what would later be detailed in the designation of tribal land in Israel) according to HaShem's command, each tribe with their banner and in their place. The Levites were also designated to be camped though still 'separate' at the designated wind or direction among the tribes (so too like unto the Levitical cities which would be described within the tribal portions of land in Israel). I can imagine the Father, brilliantly glowing with love and affection, surrounded by His children all pursuing His order and looking to His lead as to how long they would linger and when it was time to pull up the tent pegs and move. If only it would be such again, looking to the glory clouds for direction and not having to wonder…."Where to go? What to do? When to move?" I feel as though this perfectly functioning family unit, the Israelite encampment and Mishkan in the center, is something Job may be pointing us back to as the ideal formation. 
 
 Job 39; 6 When my steps were bathed in בחמה butter, 
And the וצור rock poured out for me streams of שמן oil! 
 בחמה  -  chem 'ah - from the same root as H2346; curdled milk or cheese. 
 שמן- shemen  - grease, especially liquid (as from the olive, often perfumed); figuratively, richness. 
 וצור- tzur  - from H6696; properly, a cliff (or sharp rock, as compressed); generally, a rock or boulder; figuratively, a refuge; also an edge (as precipitous). 
 
 The last days of Moshe were spent in extreme deliberation. He is fervently teaching and reviewing, confirming and reaffirming the importance of the Torah. The Torah which came directly from the 'lips' of the Lord Most High. From His mouth to Moshe's hand, it is unimaginable that anyone would deign belittle or dismiss a possession and gift of such magnitude. Moshe teaches the elders and God commands Moshe to teach FOREVER the words of this song to the people throughout their generations as a witness…..that God see and knows the heart, He was aware of the backsliding and degradation which would take place within the people, Israel. This song will remind them of all He had done for them and what a loving, caring, attentive and giving God they would reject and betray. 
 
 Devarim (Deuteronomy) 31; 19 “Now therefore, write this song for yourselves, and teach it to the sons of Israel; put it on their lips, so that this song may be a witness for Me against the sons of Israel. 20 For when I bring them into the land flowing with milk and honey, which I swore to their fathers, and they have eaten and are satisfied and become prosperous, then they will turn to other gods and serve them, and spurn Me and break My covenant.21 Then it shall come about, when many evils and troubles have come upon them, that this song will testify before them as a witness (for it shall not be forgotten from the lips of their descendants); for I know their intent which they are developing today, before I have brought them into the land which I swore.” 22 So Moses wrote this song the same day, and taught it to the sons of Israel. 
 
 From within this Song, I believe we find our connection to Job 29. Job paints a similar portrait of a life lived in the separateness of the wilderness with HaShem, the beauty of the design He intended for them…..His provision in the desert was one of supernatural existence. Once in the Land they would have to work and strive for their provision, and once accomplishments were obtained and satisfaction arrived at the people would forget it was yet not by their hands that abundance was procured….but by the grace and continued supply of the Lord. 
 
 Devarim (Deuteronomy) 32; 9 “For the Lord’s portion is His people; Jacob is the allotment of His inheritance. 10 “He found him in a desert land, and in the howling waste of a wilderness; 
He encircled him, He cared for him, He guarded him as the pupil of His eye. 11 “Like an eagle that stirs up its nest, that hovers over its young, He spread His wings and caught them, 
He carried them on His pinions. 12 “The Lord alone guided him, and there was no foreign god with him. 13 “He made him ride on the high places of the earth, and he ate the produce of the field; and He made him suck honey from the rock, and  ושמן oil  from the flinty  צור rock  , 14  Curds חמאת  of cows, and milk of the flock, with fat of lambs, and rams, the breed of Bashan, and goats, with the finest of the wheat— and of the blood of grapes you drank wine. 
 
 Tehillim (Psalms) 81; 8 “Hear, O My people, and I will admonish you; O Israel, if you would listen to Me! 9 “Let there be no strange god among you; nor shall you worship any foreign god. 
10 “I, the Lord, am your God, Who brought you up from the land of Egypt; open your mouth wide and I will fill it. 11 “But My people did not listen to My voice, and Israel did not obey Me…..16  “But I would feed you with the finest of the wheat, and with honey from the ומצור rock I would satisfy you.” 
 Job, like Moshe, like the Psalmist paints the poetic picture of supernatural abundance. They kind which only comes from HaShem. From the special- cream and milk, cheese and the finest- fattest, richest, choicest of wheat….to the Impossible Honey from a rock, streams of oil….fresh and clean water to drink…..this is what the people had with HaShem, and someday it will be again. The Mishkan was a place for the impossible to become realized….closeness with the Creator heaven and earth, rectification for sin and guilt along the way. So too the Temple, when it functioned according to God's Torah, was a place to seek the instruction of HaShem….the water and food by which one truly lives. 
 
 Read Ezekiel and more impossible becoming reality! The water which flows from the actual realized millennial Temple will go forth, sweetening all the other bodies of water, causing life (abundant fish) and growth from the trees in Israel….trees for food and for medicine, healing for the nations! [Noteworthy is the fact that there is still a sacrificial system in the Millennium, the Levites (sons of Zaddok) are still serving in the Temple, the Torah's system is still in effect, the offerings are still salted (all of them) and therefore there is a portion of the waters left for salt. ] Job takes us back to a time when the "too good to be true" was reality for the people, and for him. 
 
 Ezekiel 47; 8 Then he said to me, “These waters go out toward the eastern region and go down into the Arabah; then they go toward the sea, being made to flow into the sea, and the waters become fresh. 9 It will come about that every living creature which swarms in every place where the river goes, will live. And there will be very many fish, for these waters go there and become fresh; so everything will live where the river goes. 10 And it will come about that fishermen will stand beside it; from Engedi to Eneglaim there will be a place for the spreading of nets. Their fish will be according to their kinds, like the fish of the Great Sea, very many. 11 But its swamps and marshes will not become fresh; they will be left for salt. 12 By the river on its bank, on one side and on the other, will grow all trees for food. Their leaves will not wither and their fruit will not fail. They will bear every month because their water flows from the sanctuary, and their fruit will be for food and their leaves for healing. 
 
 Job 29; 7 “When I בצאתי went out to the שער gate of the city, 
When I took my seat in the square,…. 
 בצאתי Yatsa- to go (causatively, bring) out, in a great variety of applications, literally and figuratively, direct and proxim. 
 שער sha'ar-an opening, i.e. door or gate. 
 
 Devarim 21; 18 “If any man has a stubborn and rebellious son who will not obey his father or his mother, and when they chastise him, he will not even listen to them, 19 then his father and mother shall seize him, and bring him out to the elders of his עירו city at the שער gateway of his hometown.20 They shall say to the elders of his city, ‘This son of ours is stubborn and rebellious, he will not obey us, he is a glutton and a drunkard.’ 21 Then all the men of his city shall stone him to death; so you shall remove the evil from your midst, and all Israel will hear and fear. 
 
 The gate of the city is a place of activity, very public and apparently a designated spot where judges may have been seated and judgments carried out. The rebellious son from the passage above is taken and punished at the gate of the city in his hometown for the purpose that all of Israel would see the example of what not to do and avoid such behavior at all costs. Please note that the death penalty is a part of Torah Law but it was extremely rarely ever executed. We could also consider that when the Judges of the people were unable to come to a decision or conclusion they would seek the answer at the gates, so to speak, of the Mishkan and inquire of the Kohen (of HaShem). [  _Psalms 118; 19 Open to me the gates of righteousness; I shall enter through them, I shall give thanks to the Lord.20 This is the gate of the Lord; The righteous will enter through it. 21 I shall give thanks to You, for You have answered me, and You have become my salvation.] _ 
 
 
 Devarim (Deuteronomy) 4; 5 “See, I have taught you statutes and judgments just as the Lord my God commanded me, that you should do thus in the land where you are entering to possess it.6 So keep and do, for that is your wisdom and your understanding in the sight of the peoples who will hear all these statutes and say, ‘Surely this great nation is a wise and understanding people.’ 7 For what great nation is there that has a god so near to it as is the Lord our God whenever we call on Him? 8 Or what great nation is there that has statutes and judgments as righteous as this whole law which I am setting before you today? 
 
 The righteous judge at the city gate could be picture of the Mishkan amid the encampment of Israel. One could take it even further and recognize that God chose Israel to be light unto the nations, and that Israel in the world is this picture as well. The Holy land being the heart of the world….she has been a standard for resilience and productivity in all areas of science, technology, medicine, philanthropy, education, etc. God gave Israel the Torah and His righteous standards for all aspects of life to be an example for others to look upon and find awe…..uncover a realization of the Creator of all that is and consider coming under His protection and authority. It is the Torah which God says people will marvel at and even moreso that the people have a God among them who hearkens to their prayers, leads them in battle, and is actively interested in their drawing near for worship and reconciliation with Himself. 
 
 
 Devarim 26; 16 “This day the Lord your God commands you to do these statutes and ordinances. You shall therefore be careful to do them with all your heart and with all your soul. 17 You have today declared the Lord to be your God, and that you would walk in His ways and keep His statutes, His commandments and His ordinances, and listen to His voice. 18 The Lord has today declared you to be His people, a treasured possession, as He promised you, and that you should keep all His commandments;19 and that He will set you high above all nations which He has made, for praise, fame, and honor; and that you shall be a consecrated people to the Lord your God, as He has spoken.” 
 -God placed Israel above all the nations by His sovereign choice and appointment. This appointment comes with great responsibility. I see Job revisiting this honor and esteem as he recalls his own position at the gates of his city. When Israel and her Holy Mishkan and Temple's were functioning in accord with God's spirit and His will, with His Torah as their guide….not a more glorious, dignified, elevated place or presence was there to be found in all the world. When it became corrupted, the entire fabric of society crumbled along with its walls….when her gates were breached demoralization was exemplified versus the righteousness which was once to be sought there. 
 
 II Samuel 7; 21 For the sake of Your word, and according to Your own heart, You have done all this greatness to let Your servant know. 22 For this reason You are great, O Lord God; for there is none like You, and there is no God besides You, according to all that we have heard with our ears. 23 And what one nation on the earth is like Your people Israel, whom God went to redeem for Himself as a people and to make a name for Himself, and to do a great thing for You and awesome things for Your land, before Your people whom You have redeemed for Yourself from Egypt, nations and their gods? 24 For You have established for Yourself Your people Israel as Your own people forever, and You, O Lord, have become their God. 
 Job paints the picture, in my mind, of Israel and the priesthood….coming forth and taking her seat at the appointed place….at the center and heart of the people with the glory of HaShem within them. This is a seat prepared and set by HaShem for His chosen people in His designated way, ways expressed from His lips through the Torah which was meant to be a beacon of truth, justice, wisdom and equity for the one who walks in it and lives through it. 
 
 Tehillim (Psalms) 82; 1 God takes His stand in His own congregation; He judges in the midst of the rulers. 2 How long will you judge unjustly and show partiality to the wicked? Selah. 3 Vindicate the weak and fatherless; Do justice to the afflicted and destitute.4 Rescue the weak and needy; Deliver out of the hand of the wicked. 
 Job 29; 8 The young men saw me and hid themselves, and the old men arose  and  stood. 
 -As Job continues he takes us to the seat of honor at the gate of the city in the eyes of all. The courtyard is a place of decision in the bible. It was here the angels who visit Lot in Sodom are taken inside from the courtyard, the wicked people of the place demand that they be brought out and allowed to become victims of despicable abuses (Genesis 18;2). It was here the concubine of was molested to the point of death, following this incident great tumult ensued (Judges 19;17). At the gate Tamar concealed her identity and Judah went into her, it turned out to be a good thing….but again, a place of decision (Genesis 38;14). At the gate Ruth and Boaz's union was witnessed, declared and blessed. (Ruth 4;11) 
 
 Many more things are mentioned in scripture regarding the gate of a city and the courtyard Job mentions….the point he is making is that here the young men who are typically bold and secure….perhaps even cavalier or smug have hidden themselves….no longer the focal point of attention and honor. Additionally we see that even the old men have risen to show regard to Job, or in keeping with our line of thought…..all who worshiped at the Miskhan were to stand and receive a blessing, it is respectful to consider as if you are standing in the Presence of the King and therefore rise to pay tribute. No offering could be brought casually while seated or lying down. Part of daily liturgy which dates back to the time of Ezra includes the Amidah….standing prayer where the supplicant rises and stands throughout his recitation. Honor and respect from the young to the old for the King of Kings and His earthly throne! 
 Vayikra (Leviticus) 19; 32 ‘You shall rise up before the gray headed and honor the aged, and you shall revere your God; I am the Lord. 
 
 Job 29; 9 “The שרים princes stopped talking and put hands on their mouths; 
 10 The voice of the נגידים nobles was hushed, and their tongue stuck to their palate. 
 A more literal reading might be: The heads held back from a discourse, and their palms they put on their mouths. The voice of the commanders is secret, their tongues to their palates clings. 
 נערים- (Norim) Na'ar- (concretely) a boy (as active), from the age of infancy to adolescence; by implication, a servant; also (by interch. of sex), a girl (of similar latitude in age). 
 וישישים (yashishim) Yashish- an old man. 
 שרים- (sa'arim) Sa'ar- a head person (of any rank or class). 
 נגידים- (nagidim) Nagid- a commander (as occupying the front), civil, military or religious; generally (abstractly, plural), honorable themes. 
 
 In context these are the four 'types' that Job mentions as present at the gate of the city. The young boy or servant, the old man, the head in rank, the commander or honorable are there. In a place where profession of decision and judgment is made, mans words become quieted and his mouth stilled. For what purpose? I can not help but think of verses describing assemblages of all peoples, races and statures….once again, standing to render honor and praise. 
 Revelation 7; 9 After these things I looked, and behold, a great multitude which no one could count, from every nation and tribes and peoples and tongues, standing before the throne and before the Lamb, clothed in white robes, and palm branches in their hands; 10 and they cry out with a loud voice, saying, “Salvation to our God who sits on the throne, and to the Lamb.” 
 
 The phrase regarding the tongue sticking to the palate….which of course makes it hard to speak, difficult to relate emotion, impossible to communicate, reminds me of Psalm 137….a reminder from exile, if the Holy City becomes distant or separate from the heart of any son of Israel, may all other expression become stilled and stayed if the in-gathering and pilgrimage, the shuv- return fails to become the highest delight of the heart. 
 Psalm 137; 5 If I forget you, O Jerusalem, may my right hand forget  her skill . 6 May my tongue cling to the roof of my mouth If I do not remember you, If I do not exalt Jerusalem above my chief joy. 
 
 Psalm 115; 9 O Israel, trust in the Lord; He is their help and their shield. 10 O house of Aaron, trust in the Lord; He is their help and their shield. 11 You who fear the Lord, trust in the Lord; He is their help and their shield. 12 The Lord has been mindful of us; He will bless; He will bless the house of Israel; He will bless the house of Aaron. 13 He will bless those who fear the Lord, the  הקטנים  small together with the  הגדלים  great. 14 May the Lord give you increase, you and your children. 15 May you be blessed of the Lord, Maker of heaven and earth. 
 הקטנים  (ha qatanim)  Qatan  - abbreviated, i.e.  diminutive  , literally (in quantity, size or number) or figuratively (in age or importance). 
 הגדלים  (ha gdolim)  gadol  -  great  (in any sense); hence, older; also insolent. 
 
 God promises a blessing over the House of Israel, the house of Aaron ( pointing to the priesthood) those who will revere the Lord from the small to the great….from all peoples attached to HAShem. I couldn't help but recall the picture in Joel 2, when the Spirit of the Lord (the very 'thing' which causes the heart to change and to become subservient and at one with the will of the Most High) is poured out over all peoples….sons, daughters, men, women, male and female servants…..consider these groups and 'types' of peoples in connection with our thinking about the Gates of the city, place of decision….and the Mishkan- eventual Temple- as place of honor and sanctity within the picture I see in Job's discourse. 
 Joel 2; 28 “It will come about after this that I will pour out My Spirit on all mankind; and your  בניכם  sons and  ובנותיכם  daughters will prophesy, your  זקניכם  old men will dream dreams, your בחוריכם young men will see visions. 29 “Even on the  העבדים  male and  השפחות  female servants I will pour out My Spirit in those days. 
 בניכם  (bneychem)  Ben  - a  son  (as a builder of the family name), in the widest sense (of literal and figurative relationship, including grandson, subject, nation, quality or condition, etc. 
 ובנותיכם   Bath  - a  daughter  (used in the same wide sense as other terms of relationship, literally and figuratively). 
 זקניכם  (zaqnaichem)  Zaqen  -  old  …women, senator. 
 בחוריכם  (bachoraichem)  Bachor  - properly,  selected  , i.e. a  youth  (often collective). 
 העבדים  (ha evedim)  ebed  - a  servant . 
 השפחות  (ha shiphchoot)  shiphchah  - feminine from an unused root meaning to spread out (as a family; see H4940);  a female slave  (as a member of the household). 
 
 Remember the concept of the Mishkan being a place of restoration, reconciliation with Hashem? Then the passages we read about His protection and covering? Remember the texts which included referrals to the Canopy and Succah? The text below relates the period wherein all the people men, women, children, elderly, servants and guests were called to come to the Appointed Place at the Feast of Sukkot (Tabernacles) and hear the words of the Torah read. That they would learn the fear of the Lord, go out and serve as the shining example God intended them to be and impart such reverence unto the nations. 
 Devarim (Deuteronomy) 31;10 Then Moses commanded them, saying, “At the end of seven years, at the time of the year of remission of debts, at the Feast of Booths, 11 when all Israel comes to appear before the Lord your God at the place which He will choose, you shall read this law in front of all Israel in their hearing. 12 Assemble the  העם  people, the men and the  והנשים  women and  והטף  children and the  וגרך  alien who is in your town, so that they may hear and learn and fear the Lord your God, and be careful to observe all the words of this law. 
 העם  (Ha Am)  Am  - a  people  (as a congregated unit); specifically, a tribe (as those of Israel); hence (collectively) troops or attendants; figuratively, a flock. 
 האנשים  (Ha anashim)  Enowsh  - properly, a  mortal  (and thus differing from the more dignified ; hence, a  man  in general (singly or collectively). It is often unexpressed in the English versions, especially when used in apposition with another word . 
 והנשים  ( ) '  ishshah  - irregular plural, nashiym; a  woman . 
 והטף taph  - from H2952 (perhaps referring to the tripping gait of children);  a family  (mostly used collectively in the singular). 
 וגרך   Ger  - from H1481; properly, a  guest  ; by implication, a  foreigner . 
 
 The point I feel headed toward is a focus on the groups at the gates….their voices will be stilled as they will be there to receive the word, the Torah of HaShem from Moshiac, from Zion, in Jerusalem….all of them, all of us, and when our tongues are detached from their stationary position it will be for the purpose of worship, praise, rendering of glory to the King of Kings….Salvation in Zion, Yeshua…..to bear witness! 
 Isaiah 43; 9 All the nations have gathered together so that the peoples may be assembled. Who among them can declare this and proclaim to us the former things? Let them present their witnesses that they may be justified, Or let them hear and say, “It is true.” 10 “You are My witnesses,” declares the Lord, “And My servant whom I have chosen, So that you may know and believe Me and understand that I am He. Before Me there was no God formed, and there will be none after Me. 
 Isaiah 11; 12 And He will lift up a standard for the nations and assemble the banished ones of Israel, and will gather the dispersed of Judah from the four corners of the earth. 
 
 A familiar passage to many, especially those who observe the Traditional meal with song and blessings to welcome in the Sabbath on Friday evenings, is that which is recited by men over their wives as a blessing….the Eshet Chayil section of Mishlei- Woman of Valor, Proverbs 31; 10-31. Each time I sit and receive Shabbat amid the Abundance of the Lord and bask in the warmth and encouragement, the high standard these verses relate I feel and think a different way….as the weeks progress (sometimes regress) and change so too the sensation and connotation of these words. That being said, what IS familiar and similar always is how it hearkens my heart back to the Holy Tabernacle…..this passage brings me back to the bliss shared with the Lord in the Wilderness and the true function of the Holy House and its ministration. 
 
 How so? This 'woman' seeks out linen and wool, she makes coverings of scarlet and purple, she has a continual lamp burning (such as the menorah), she plants a vineyard (for libation), she obtains bread from afar (for the presence), she reaches out to the distaff and poor, she has a lesson of kindness on her tongue…..there are so many similar elements it is hard to ignore. The following verses bring us full circle to the context of Job and the gates honorable men….again in keeping with the concept of the Children of HaShem rising to honor Him in His house, and in turn the Husband lauding her. 
 
 Mishlei (Proverbs) 31; 23 Her husband is known in the gates, when he sits among the elders of the land. 24 She makes linen garments and sells, and supplies belts to the tradesmen. 25 Strength and dignity are her clothing, and she smiles at the future. 
26 She opens her mouth in wisdom, and the teaching of kindness is on her tongue. 27 She looks well to the ways of her household, and does not eat the bread of idleness. 28 Her children rise up and bless her; Her husband, and he praises her,: 29 “Many daughters have done nobly, but you excel them all.” 
 Scripture is clear that from the place of HaShem's Holy House, the Temple where all will gather and worship, there will be healing, rebuilding, reclamation, revival, and teaching. This will be a place of decision and judgment for an assembly, an abundance of peoples. 
 
 Isaiah 2; 2 Now it will come about that in the last days the mountain of the house of the Lord will be established as the chief of the mountains, and will be raised above the hills; and all the nations will stream to it. 3 And many peoples will come and say, “Come, let us go up to the mountain of the Lord, to the house of the God of Jacob; That He may teach us concerning His ways and that we may walk in His paths.” For the Torah will go forth from Zion and the word of the Lord from Jerusalem. 4 And He will judge between the nations, and will render decisions for many peoples; and they will hammer their swords into plowshares and their spears into pruning hooks. Nation will not lift up sword against nation, and never again will they learn war. 
 Job 29; 11 “For when the ear heard,  it called me blessed  , 
And when the eye saw, it gave witness of me, 
 12 Because  I delivered the poor who cried for help, 
** And the orphan who had no helper.** 
 Noting that the future Temple and appointed place of worship in the millennium does not exclude any group of people, in fact the nations who wish for life and blessings are all called there. It hearkens to the avenue which came about that all whom attach themselves (as Avraham….a non-Hebrew at birth) to the pursuit of Hashem and living according to His ways….banishing idolatry from the spiritual house- our lives and walk- and living in obedience to His commands, no matter how difficult they might  seem  to perform….may come into covenant with a promise keeping God whose every word is fulfilled, not a single one falls short, vain or futile…ever! 
 
 I hear Job, then I hear Miriam….all those who hear of me call me blessed! Why? Because he at his prime and after his restoration, she upon her magnificent appointment and for all who remember her, and the people of Israel…..the WHOLE house of Israel with the eternal Temple of the Living God in their midst all have been, are and will become the outstanding elevation….the evidence of THE inerrant, irreproachable, absolute and complete….eternal Promise Keeper. 
 
 Miriam's exclamation is similar to Job's, remembering He Who blesses and restores, feeds abundantly all those deprived…..bearing in mind that the priesthood and Miskhan would have been charged with this duty….if not directly, it was through their instruction of Torah values that the men and women who took them to heart would apply them, precious values which always remembered to care for those in need. Miriam also takes us into her recognition of the connection to the Abrahamic promises of blessing the nations via Israel (grandson of Avraham Avinu), His servant! 
 Luke 1; 46 “My soul exalts the Lord,47 And my spirit has rejoiced in God my Savior. 48 “For He has had regard for the humble state of His bondslave; for behold, from this time on  all generations will count me blessed.  49 “For the Mighty One has done great things for me; and holy is His name.50 “And His mercy is upon generation after generation toward those who fear Him. 51 “He has done mighty deeds with His arm; He has scattered proud in the thoughts of their heart. 52 “He has brought down rulers from thrones, and has exalted those who were humble. 53 “  He has filled the hungry with good things  ; and sent away the rich empty-handed. 54 “  He has given help to Israel His servant  , in remembrance of His mercy, 55 As He spoke to our fathers, to Abraham and his descendants forever.” 
 
 Bereshit (Genesis) 12; 1 Now the Lord said to Abram,“Go forth from your country, and from your relatives and from your father’s house, to the land which I will show you; 2 And I will make you a great nation, and I will bless you, and make your name great; and so you shall be a blessing; 3 And I will bless those who bless you, and the one who curses you I will curse. And in you  all the families of the earth will be blessed .” 
 
 Job 29; 13 “The blessing of the one ready to perish came upon me, 
And  I made the widow’s heart sing for joy . 
 The Tabernacle in our midst, a place of refuge and hope….this is a function of the Holy house of HaShem, which the Psalmist describes as going forth before the people, marching through the wilderness….as if it has a life of its own, 'breathing' (incense), 'watching' (menorah), 'eating' (bread), 'speaking' (Torah housed in the Ark)….the one who can find no justification in the world, no opportunity among the unjust, the one who has been bereaved…..will find delight and joy in the presence of the King. 
 Psalm 68; 4 Sing to God, sing praises to His name; lift up for Him who rides through the deserts, Whose name is the Lord, and exult before Him. 5  A father of the fatherless and a judge for the widows, is God in His holy habitation . 6 God makes a home for the lonely; He leads out the prisoners into prosperity, Only the rebellious dwell in a parched land. 7 O God, when You went forth before Your people, When You marched through the wilderness,Selah. 
 
 As Job continues it seems as if we are transitioning (for the moment) to the coverings of the High Priest, the holy garments of the Kohen. The Kohen began his day by shedding the garments of his common existence in the camp and changing into these garments which themselves were anointed and consecrated. I always found it important that at this place in the Torah God states He placed within the fashioners of the garments,THE Spirit of wisdom….I feel it alerts us to the significance of these 'uniforms'. Garments in the Ancient Near East were identity and station. We could draw a simple conclusion based upon the basic nouns which connect us the the Tabernacle and Kohen….Robe and Turban immediately put in mind the Priestly Garments, but Job uses the term Justice as well….the Breastplate which housed the 12 stones engraved with the names of the 12 Tribal fathers is identified as the breastplate of Judgement. Furthermore the very first term Job uses "to put on" is the same as in the text of Exodus 28 which relates to Moses clothing Aaron in the garments and expressing this as an eternal command for them (one's heart and recall should always perk up when you hear  Eternal Command). 
 Job 29; 14 “I  לבשתי  put on  צדק  righteousness, and it  וילבשני  clothed me; 
My  משפטי  justice was like a  כמעיל  robe and a  וצניף  turban. 
 לבשתי  /  וילבשני  - labash -a primitive root; properly, wrap around, i.e. (by implication) to put on a garment or  clothe  (oneself, or another), literally or figuratively. 
 צדק  tsedeq - the  right  (natural, moral or legal); also (abstractly) equity or (figuratively) prosperity. 
 כמעיל  - m`iyl - from H4603 in the sense of covering; a  robe  (i.e. upper and outer garment). 
 וצניף  - tsaniyph -or (feminine) tsaniyphah ; from H6801; a  head-dress  (i.e. piece of cloth wrapped around). 
 Shemot (Exodus) 28,1 “Then bring near to yourself Aaron your brother, and his sons with him, from among the sons of Israel, to minister as priest to Me—Aaron, Nadab and Abihu, Eleazar and Ithamar, Aaron’s sons. 2  You shall make holy garments for Aaron your brother, for לכבוד glory and for ולתפארת beauty.  3 You shall speak to all the skillful persons whom I have endowed with _  the spirit of wisdom, _ that they make Aaron’s garments to consecrate him, that he may minister as priest to Me. 4 These are the garments which they shall make: a breastpiece and an ephod and a  ומעיל  robe and a tunic of checkered work, a  מצנפת  turban and a sash, and they shall make holy garments for Aaron your brother and his sons, that he may minister as priest to Me. 5 They shall take the gold and the blue and the purple and the scarlet and the fine linen. 
 לכבוד- Kavod- properly, weight, but only figuratively in a good sense, splendor or copiousness. 
 ולתפארת- Tiph' arah- ornament (abstractly or concretely, literally or figuratively). 
 מצנפת- mitsnepheth - a tiara, i.e. official turban (of a king or high priest). 
 
 Shemot (Exodus) 28; 15 “You shall make a breastpiece of  משפט   judgment  , the work of a skillful workman; like the work of the ephod you shall make it: of gold, of blue and purple and scarlet __ and fine twisted linen you shall make it. 
 משפט  -  Mishpat  - properly, a verdict (favorable or unfavorable) pronounced judicially, especially a sentence or formal decree (human or (participant's) divine law, individual or collective), including the act, the place, the suit, the crime, and the penalty; abstractly,  justice  , including a participant's right or privilege (statutory or customary), or even a style. 
 
 Vayikra (Leviticus) 8; 30 So Moses took some of the anointing oil and some of the blood which was on the altar and sprinkled it on Aaron, on his garments, on his sons, and on the garments of his sons with him; and he consecrated Aaron, his garments, and his sons, and the garments of his sons with him. 
 
 Shemot (Exodus) 28; 41 You shall  והלבשת  put them on Aaron your brother and on his sons with him; and you shall anoint them and ordain them and consecrate them, that they may serve Me as priests. 42 You shall make for them linen breeches to cover bare flesh; they shall reach from the loins even to the thighs.43 They shall be on Aaron and on his sons when they enter the tent of meeting, or when they approach the altar to minister in the holy place, so that they do not incur guilt and die.  A statute forever to him and to his descendants after him. 
 It is important to be familiar with Temple service, if you really think about it….there is rarely a portion of scripture that doesn't find itself bound to and wound up in some connection to Temple service (sacrificial worship), just think about that (this includes the Apostolic writings which are known as the New Testament). The reality is that the Jewish people have been hard at work to teach about the Beis Hamikdash- The Holy Temple which they also intend to make a reality. I have heard voice after voice from many 'Leaders' from within the Church along with their 'followers' who adopt the viewpoint : 'They might build but it wont and doesn't matter.' This unfortunate attitude ignores the veracity in scripture which relates a Temple which will be built and consecrated and then defiled, where Anti-Messiah sits himself down declaring himself god. (Dan.11/ Mark 13/ Matthew 24/ 2 Thessalonians 2) The hindrance of attention to this next Temple is disheartening to me and it belittles the efforts of the Jewish people over the ages who have and continue to long for God's presence in their midst and an organized form of worship which would bring them together as a people, a family, a nation chosen once again. The Temple Institute (which also has a Spanish Language page-  http://www.templeinstitute.org/institutodeltemplo/donar.htm ) is an incredible testimony to what has been done, what is in the works and what amazing and crucial days we find ourselves alive in! 
 
 http://www.templeinstitute.org/beged/priestly_garments-2.htm 
 The following information, bringing us back to the context of this blog was copied from the link above: 
 The very presence of the priestly garments, worn by the priests during the Temple service, serves to atone for the sins of Israel. It is taught that just as the sacrifices facilitate an atonement for sin, so do the priestly garments  (BT Zevachim 88:B) . 
 This is one of the deeper aims of wearing these garments, and something for the priest to ponder while they are upon him. For his everyday actions in the Temple transcend his own personal idiom and take on a more universal theme… he makes atonement and spiritual rectification for all humanity. 
 Thus we are taught  (ibid.)  : 
 
 The tunic, which covers most of the priest's body, atones for killing. 
 The pants atone for sexual transgressions. 
 The turban, worn on the head, atone for haughtiness. 
 The belt, wound about the body and worn over the heart, atones for "sins of the heart" - improper thoughts. 
 The breastplate atones for errors in judgment. 
 The ephod atones for idolatry. 
 The robe atones for evil speech. 
 The High Priest's crown atones for arrogance. 
 
 
 "For honor and for beauty" 
 The rabbis established that G-d's command for the priestly garments to be  " for honor and for beauty"  teach us that they must be new and dignified. If the garments were soiled, stained, or ripped, the priests may not conduct the service while wearing them - and if they did, the service would be invalid. 
 Another aspect of  " honor and beauty"  means that the uniform must fit each fit perfectly. It was forbidden for the pants, for example, to be too long or too short. The garments were made to order for each priest, tailored to fit his measurements exactly. 
 This tells us something of the tremendous work force needed to turn out these garments in such quantities that every priest in Israel could be supplied with his own garments. As we shall learn with regard to the incense offering, there were so many priests available for duty in the Holy Temple that no priest ever offered the daily incense service more than once in his lifetime, and it was offered twice daily for many hundreds of years! Yet each had his own garments. 
 The Garments Were Not Washed 
 Furthermore, although the priests were extremely neat, just as they were diligent and careful - still, they were working with the sacrifices. Any garment which became soiled to the extent that its stains could not be removed, those garments were not washed. When they became disqualified from use in this manner, they were shredded and used to fulfill another of the Creator's commandments! The tunics were used to make wicks for the menorah, and the belts and pants, wicks for the oil lamps of the Festival of the Water Libation which took place in the Women's Court during the Festival of Sukkot. This applies only to the garments of the ordinary priests, of which there were a great many. When the High Priest's uniform became unusable through wear and tear, it was not destroyed, but hidden away so that no other man could ever wear it. 
 
 For more on the armor and garments of the Kohen, etc. : https://safeguardingtheeternal.wordpress.com/2014/02/13/a-journey-in-to-exodus-armor-of-the-warrior-priest-well-equipped-for-battle/ 
 I don't know if you have become as thrilled as I at these connections, but as we continue…. I pray this has blessed you and will prompt an encouragement if you have engaged in the study of the Miskhan and Temple service, or an inspiration to do so if you hadn't done so previously. Only for His glory, All for His glory! 
 
 Shemot (Exodus) 25; 16 You shall put into the ark the testimony which I shall give you. 
 Job 29; 15 “I was  eyes to the blind  and feet to the lame. 16 “I was a  father to the needy  , and I investigated  the case which I did not know . 17 “I broke the jaws of the wicked and  snatched the prey from his teeth. 
 How could these verses connect to the Mishkan and Tabernacle in out midst? Let us clarify for a moment the overall picture in our minds and heart. We have the nations living in pagan idolatry separate but still capable of witnessing what God is doing within, we have greater Israel, the ger (stranger) on the outer regions of the encampment (a fence, a barrier, a sacred separation), we have the banners and standards the order and camps of the tribes precisely the way and position in which He commanded them (a fence, a barrier, a sacred separation), the specified families of the Levites assigned to each encampment closer still to the Mishkan at the center (a fence, a barrier, a sacred separation), the Tabernacle's outer courts which were made up of bars, pillars, sockets, curtains and entrance screen…. where only the ritually clean offer-er with a blemish free offering could approach (a fence, a barrier, a sacred separation), the inner court and Holy place wherein the sacred vessels were situated and ministered to/with (a fence, a barrier, a sacred separation), the Holy of Holies which was entered only once each Year by the High priest on Yom Kippur (The Day of Atonement) a place where the Holy Ark of the Covenant was situated behind the Paroket- Partition (a fence, a barrier, a sacred separation), and even deeper still…..inside the Holy Ark was the Torah, the Book of the Covenant and the Tablets inscribed by the 'finger' of HaShem. 
 
 So here is where I see Job taking us…..we had a description in Chapter 28 of Job including many of the materials we would need to construct the Mishkan, Job described the function and Majesty of the Mishkan within the people…..describing the camps of the tribes and God's Glory leading and protecting them, I feel as though he described the Intercessor and mediator- the Kohen who would enter into these layers of sacred separation on behalf of the people and now we get to the heart of the matter….the 'deepest' part: How to live. How to love. How to connect. How to bring HaShem's brilliance in a visible way into the world in which we live- the Torah and the teaching and instruction which came directly, explicitly, absolutely and sincerely from the 'mouth' of the Most High Himself. 
 
 Why do I think Job takes us here? Because upon the inauguration of the Mishkan in Vayikra (Leviticus) 8 we come upon the 'sin' of Nadav and Avihu. Everyone knows the story, they brought 'strange fire' and were punished (Lev.10). Is that really what the Torah teaches? The the following chapters to this breach of conduct,(perhaps with the most lofty and pious intentions) we see the many expressions of laws regarding every aspect of living IN this world that the moral human being desperately needs. Dietary laws (Lev. 11), family purity laws , laws regarding improper relationships (Lev.18), laws about how to keep these sacred separations- common versus the Holy Mishkan- in effect….to keep up the sanctity of the Place of God's presence within the midst of Israel (Lev.12-15). Job is taking us into the heart of the Torah (literally, the center of the Torah is found in Leviticus 10;16) and it's not a stretch in my mind to note the similarities here in the Torah text and in Job 29. 
 
 Job 29; 15 “I was  eyes to the blind  and feet to the lame. 16 “I was a  father to the needy  , and I investigated  the case which I did not know . 17 “I broke the jaws of the wicked and  snatched the prey from his teeth. 
 Vayikra (Leviticus) 19; 9 ‘Now when you reap the harvest of your land, you shall not reap to the very corners of your field, nor shall you gather the gleanings of your harvest. 10 Nor shall you glean your vineyard, nor shall you gather the fallen fruit of your vineyard;  you shall leave them for the needy and for the stranger . I am the Lord your God. 11 ‘You shall not steal, nor deal falsely, nor lie to one another. 12 You shall not swear falsely by My name, so as to profane the name of your God; I am the Lord. 13 ‘You shall not oppress your neighbor, nor rob. The wages of a hired man are not to remain with you all night until morning. 14 You shall not curse a deaf man,  nor place a stumbling block before the blind  , but you shall revere your God; I am the Lord. 15 ‘  You shall do no injustice in judgment  ; you shall not be partial to the poor nor defer to the great, but you are to judge your neighbor fairly. 16 You shall not go about as a slanderer among your people, and you are not to act against the life of your neighbor; I am the Lord. 17 ‘You shall not hate your fellow countryman in your heart; you may surely reprove your neighbor, but shall not incur sin because of him. 18  You shall not take vengeance  , nor bear any grudge against the sons of your people, but you shall love your neighbor as yourself; I am the Lord. 
 Devarim (Deuteronomy) 31; 27 For I know your rebellion and your stubbornness; behold, while I am still alive with you today, you have been rebellious against the Lord; how much more, then, after my death? 
 
 Moshe knew that much of the Torah would be forgotten and dismissed, by the very people God has chosen….today so much of the Church who typically claim a place as bride of the Groom and even (incorrectly) presume to have replaced Israel and the Jewish people as Chosen of HaShem…..have done this very thing- rebelled. Yeshua made a stark and similar statement as Moshe did, and in my understanding made it clear….Moshe and the Prophets (i.e. the Tanakh- the Scripture those living in the 1st Century HAD in their hands, so to speak) were a good enough witness as to how to repent, confess, be reconciled to God and LIVE….and even His own resurrection would not change the mind of those who denied either HIS life's importance (all important) or the importance of the Torah and its teaching (including the Prophets whose messages ALWAYS were to the people and for RETURN TO THE TORAH). See Luke 16;19- the following for context: 
 Luke 16; 27 And he said, ‘Then I beg you, father, that you send him to my father’s house— 28 for I have five brothers—in order that he may warn them, so that they will not also come to this place of torment.’ 29 But Abraham *said, ‘They have Moses and the Prophets; let them hear them.’ 30 But he said, ‘No, father Abraham, but if someone goes to them from the dead, they will repent!’ 31 But he said to him,  ‘If they do not listen to Moses  and the Prophets, they will not be persuaded even if someone rises from the dead.’” 
 
 Matthew 5; 17 “Do not think that I came to abolish the Law or the Prophets; I did not come to abolish but to fulfill. 18 For truly I say to you, until heaven and earth pass away, not the smallest letter or stroke shall pass from the Law until all is accomplished. 19 Whoever then annuls one of  the least of these commandments,  and teaches others __ the same, shall be called least in the kingdom of heaven; but whoever keeps and teaches, he shall be called great in the kingdom of heaven. 20 “For I say to you that unless your righteousness surpasses the scribes and Pharisees, you will not enter the kingdom of heaven. 
 Devarim (Deuteronomy) 22; 6 “If you happen to come upon a bird’s  קן nest  along the way, in any tree or on the ground, with young ones or eggs, and the mother sitting on the young or on the eggs, you shall not take the mother with the young;7 you shall certainly let the mother go, but the young you may take for yourself, in order that it may be well with you and that you may prolong your days. 
 קן   Qen  - a  nest  (as fixed), sometimes including the nestlings; figuratively, a chamber or dwelling. 
 
 We have just read the text where Yeshua expresses the importance of the Torah to Him and its veracity for all those who want to walk like him, dignifying even the smallest of the commands as relevant. The Devarim text where this 'small' command describing a nest, with little eggs and the compassion one is to have even on a mother bird….is found amid a beautiful array of regulations which teach us (as every word of Torah does) about the nature of our King! The following words of Job relate to MANY depictions of the Children of Israel, as birds in a nest guarded by HaShem, as sand multiplied in number, as a healthy root spreading out by water, as a bow in the hand of Adonai Tzva'ot (The Lord, Master of Legions). He continues and it seems clear he is bringing us, full circle, to some of the last words of Moshe. The Eternal Song I mentioned before….Torah, teaching, dropping as dew….thirsty children awaiting His counsel. 
 
 Job 29; 18 “Then I thought, ‘I shall die in my  קני   nest  , 
And I shall multiply days as the sand. 
 19 ‘My root is spread out to the waters, 
And dew lies all night on my branch. 
 20 ‘My glory is new with me, 
And  my bow is renewed in my hand .’ 
 21 “To me they listened and waited, 
And kept silent for my counsel. 
 22 “After my words they did not speak again, 
And  my speech dropped on them . 
 23 “  They waited for me as for the rain  , 
And opened their mouth as for the spring rain. 
 
 Devarim (Deuteronomy) 32; 
 1 “Give ear, O heavens, and let me speak; 
 And let the earth hear the words of my mouth. 
 2 “Let my teaching drop as the rain, 
 My speech distill as the dew, 
 As the droplets on the fresh grass 
 And as the showers on the herb. 
 3 “For I proclaim the name of the Lord; 
Ascribe greatness to our God! 
4 “The Rock! His work is perfect, 
For all His ways are just; 
A God of faithfulness and without injustice, 
Righteous and upright is He. 
 5 “They have acted corruptly toward Him, 
not His children, because of their defect; 
a perverse and crooked generation. 
 6 “Do you thus repay the Lord, 
O foolish and unwise people? 
Is not He your Father who has bought you? 
He has made you and established you. 
 
 7 “Remember the days of old, 
Consider the years of all generations. 
Ask your father, and he will inform you, 
Your elders, and they will tell you. 
 8 “When the Most High gave the nations their inheritance, 
When He separated the sons of man, 
He set the boundaries of the peoples 
According to the number of the sons of Israel. 
 9 “For the Lord’s portion is His people; 
Jacob is the allotment of His inheritance. 
 10 “He found him in a desert land, 
And in the howling waste of a wilderness; 
He encircled him, He cared for him, 
He guarded him as the pupil of His eye. 
 11 “Like an eagle that stirs up its nest, 
 That hovers over its young, 
 He spread His wings and caught them, 
 He carried them on His pinions. 
 
 I find a remembrance in the blessing of Yosef (Joseph) from Israel on his deathbed, recalling us to the strength of the bow empowered by HaShem, Joseph was a picture of suffering Messiah, who was abused and afflicted and too the conquering Messiah who rose from the pit and became one who was proclaimed and acclaimed and to whom "barek!" the knew was to bow. 
 Bereshit (Genesis) 49; 3 “The archers bitterly attacked him, and shot and harassed him; 
24 **** But his bow remained firm,  and his arms were agile, from the hands of the Mighty One of Jacob (From there is the Shepherd, the Stone of Israel), 25 From the God of your father who helps you, and by the Almighty who blesses you blessings of heaven above, Blessings of the deep that lies beneath, Blessings of the breasts and of the womb. 
 
 Bereshit (Genesis) 22; 15 Then the angel of the Lord called to Abraham a second time from heaven, 16 and said, “By Myself I have sworn, declares the Lord, because you have done this thing and have not withheld your son, your only son, 17 indeed I will greatly bless you, and I will greatly multiply your seed as the stars of the heavens and as the sand which is on the seashore; and your seed shall possess the gate of their enemies. 18 In your seed all the nations of the earth shall be blessed, because you have obeyed My voice.” 
 
 Jeremiah 17; 7“Blessed is the man who trusts in the Lord and whose trust is the Lord. 
8 “For he will be like a tree planted by the water, that extends its roots by a stream and will not fear when the heat comes; but its leaves will be green, and it will not be anxious in a year of drought nor cease to yield fruit…… 
 (this is the 'point'….as Jeremiah 17 continues, we HAVE the Tabernacle in our midst, it is the structure and function, the beauty and glory, justice and righteousness of the Torah, the word among us!) 
 …..12 A glorious  throne  on high from the beginning is the place of our  sanctuary . 13 O Lord, the  hope  of Israel, all who forsake You will be put to shame. Those who turn away on earth will be written down, because they have forsaken the fountain of living water, even the Lord. 
14 Heal me, O Lord, and I will be healed; save me and I will be saved, for You are my praise. 
15 Look, they keep saying to me, **“Where is the word of the Lord? ** Let it come now!”  16 But as for me, I have not hurried away from a shepherd after You, nor have I longed for the woeful day; You Yourself know that  the utterance of my lips w   as in Your presence. 
 
 And How does Job end this discourse? Where has he taken us now? As you know by now I believe he took us back to the wilderness, from apparent estrangement with Israel and God to the heights of connection and function! The Mishkan and the Torah….the Tabernacle in our midst. And what better than to consider that this could be God's own promise to us, as it was for them….when there was doubt or disbelief, He yet smiled and was capable of a love we can not define. Though we fail Him, He continues to look upon us and shine His enduring pleasure upon us….it is a hope which is unshakable….that although we have become unclean He will yet sit appointed as chief and Most High among us….troops, encamped around Him, and what does our King do? Comforts. He is that Father to the fatherless and Healer to the wounded…provider for the widow, merciful betrothed to the adulterous harlot. He restored Job to the heights he recall, He will restore Israel to their heights which He appointed, He will meet His Bride in the air and take her to Himself purified…. 
 Job 29; 24 “I smiled on them when they did not believe, and the light of my face they did not cast down. 25  “I chose a way for them and sat as chief, 
And dwelt as a king among the troops, 
As one who comforted the mourners. 
 Blessed are You Lord our God King of the universe, 
 You have blessed us with Your Torah of Truth, 
 You have blessed us with the entire counsel of Your Living Word, 
 You alone have planted among us Life Eternal, 
 Blessed are You Lord our God, 
 Gracious Giver of the Torah. 
 
 Father, for months I have anticipated this moment. The AMEIN! at the end of a wonderful walk through Your word You have guided me through. I consumed it in portions and I pray the recipients of this piece will be filled to an outpour through Your spirit and by Your will. You know I love Your Torah and Your precepts are in my center….You know I see so much within the Place that once stood among Your people….the Tabernacle, the Temples, and I know there will be a similar design again…..on earth as it is in heaven. May You draw those You desire to inspire by these Places, much more than places, to You by their instruction for construction and the services performed therein. May all eyes see the One to whom all these words illuminate…. 
 BShem Yeshua HaMashiac, Amein! 
 According to dating of the text by Orthodox rabbis, this occurred in 1312 BCE; another date given for this event is  1280  BCE. There are many speculations regarding the dating of the book of Job but it was most likely written in proximity to the time of Moshe. 
 Contact: safeguardintheeternal@aol.com 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Tumblr 
 Pinterest 
 LinkedIn 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Posted in:   Aaron and Moses ,  Abraham ,  Atonement ,  Bamidbar ,  Bible ,  bible study ,  Blessings ,  Christ ,  Christian ,  Christianity ,  clean or unclean ,  Counsel ,  Day of Atonement ,  Deuteronomy ,  Devarim ,  Eternal Torah ,  Eternity ,  Exodus ,  Faith ,  Good News ,  Hebrew ,  Hebrew Roots ,  High Priest ,  Holiness ,  Holy ,  Holy Nation ,  Holy Spirit ,  Hope ,  inspiration ,  Israel ,  Jesus ,  Jewish ,  JOb ,  Job 29 ,  Job and the Tabernacle ,  Joseph ,  Judaism ,  Judges ,  Keeping the Torah ,  living for God ,  love ,  Matthew ,  Messiah ,  Messianic ,  Mishkan ,  Moshe ,  Nadab and Abihu ,  Proverbs 31 ,  Tabernacle ,  Uncategorized   Tagged:   Bible ,  bible study ,  Biblical ,  Christianity ,  Commandments ,  Exodus ,  faith ,  God ,  Hebrew ,  Hebrew Roots ,  Holiness ,  Hope ,  Israel ,  Jesus ,  Job ,  Job and the Tabernacle ,  Love ,  Messiah ,  Messianic ,  Moses ,  offerings ,  Proverbs 31 ,  redemption ,  religion ,  revelation ,  salvation ,  Scripture ,  serving God ,  spirituality ,  Tabernacle ,  Torah ,  Torah study ,  Yeshua Permalink Leave a comment 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Post navigation 
 <- A Beautiful Puzzle- Holocaust Remembrance Week 2015 
 What do the Spies have to do with Tzit Zits לְצִיצִת? -> 
 Search 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Learning From The Siddur: Chodesh Sh’vat- Be Brave Enough To Fail 5781 
 Learning From The Siddur: Grab Life By The…Tail! 5781 
 Asara B’Tevet- “Jewish Stuff” What Were You Willing To Divide For? 1/1/2021 
 Learning From The Siddur: Chodesh Tevet- Al Ha Nassim, The Miracle is “We”. 5781 
 Learning from the Siddur: PreFace Before ReDedication- Ya’acov, Israel, Chanukah Blessings 5781 
 
 Archives 
 
 January 2021 
 December 2020 
 November 2020 
 October 2020 
 September 2020 
 August 2020 
 July 2020 
 June 2020 
 May 2020 
 April 2020 
 March 2020 
 February 2020 
 December 2019 
 November 2019 
 October 2019 
 September 2019 
 July 2019 
 June 2019 
 May 2019 
 April 2019 
 February 2019 
 January 2019 
 December 2018 
 November 2018 
 October 2018 
 September 2018 
 August 2018 
 May 2018 
 April 2018 
 March 2018 
 February 2018 
 January 2018 
 December 2017 
 November 2017 
 October 2017 
 September 2017 
 August 2017 
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 March 2016 
 December 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 June 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 November 2012 
 
 Categories 
 
 12 Spies 
 a mission 
 Aaron 
 Aaron and Moses 
 Abomination 
 Abraham 
 Abraham and Lot 
 adultery 
 All Time 
 Almighty God 
 Amalek 
 an oath 
 anger management 
 anti-Christ 
 Anti-Semitism 
 antisemitsm 
 Art 
 Atonement 
 Balaam 
 Balak 
 Bamidbar 
 Bechukotai 
 Becoming a Believer 
 Behar 
 Belief 
 Bemidbar 
 Bereshit 
 Bible 
 bible study 
 Bibles 
 Biblical 
 Biblical Feasts 
 Biblical Festivals 
 Blaming the Jews 
 Blessings 
 Bo 
 Bondage 
 Books 
 Caleb and Joshua 
 Canaan 
 Chanukah 
 Children faith 
 Christ 
 Christian 
 Christianity 
 clean or unclean 
 Confessing 
 confession 
 consuming fire 
 Converting 
 Counsel 
 Counting 
 Crucifixion 
 Dathan Abiram 
 Day of Atonement 
 Deliverance 
 Deluding Influence 
 demons 
 destiny 
 Detestable 
 Deuteronomy 
 Devarim 
 Did Torah come before Sinai? 
 Disaster Preparation 
 Disciple 
 Doves 
 Echad 
 Egypt and Israel 
 Eikev 
 Eleazar 
 Eleazar and Abraham 
 encouragment 
 End of Mankind 
 Equipped by God 
 Esav 
 Esther 
 Eternal Life 
 Eternal Torah 
 Eternity 
 Everlasting 
 Evil 
 Evil Report 
 Exodus 
 Faith 
 Fall Feasts 
 False Shepherds 
 Fasting 
 Fear 
 Fear of God 
 Feast of Dedication 
 Feast of Tabernacles 
 Feasts of the Lord 
 Finding a Mate 
 fire 
 Fire for God 
 Forever 
 Forgiveness 
 friendship 
 Gaza 
 Genesis 
 God 
 God is real 
 God's Love 
 God's Name 
 God's people 
 God's Way 
 Golden calf 
 Good Leadership 
 Good News 
 Greek 
 Hadassah 
 Haman 
 Hamas 
 Har Sinai 
 Hating evil 
 Hebrew 
 Hebrew Roots 
 High Holidays 
 High Priest 
 Holiness 
 Holy 
 Holy Nation 
 Holy Spirit 
 Hope 
 How to confess 
 Humility 
 idoaltry 
 Idolatry 
 II Samuel 
 In His Name 
 Infinite 
 inspiration 
 Israel 
 Israel Gaza War 
 Israel News 
 Jacob and Esau 
 Jesus 
 Jesus died for all 
 Jethro 
 Jewish 
 JOb 
 Job 29 
 Job and the Tabernacle 
 Joseph 
 Joshua 
 Judaism 
 Judges 
 Judgment 
 Judiasm 
 Justice 
 Kedoshim 
 Keeping the Torah 
 Ki Tavo 
 Ki Tisa 
 Kingdom of God 
 Kingdom of Heaven 
 Kingdom of Priests 
 knowledge 
 Kohen Gadol 
 Korach 
 Kosher? 
 Laban and Jacob 
 Lake of Fire 
 Leadership 
 legacy 
 LeOlam Vaed 
 Leviticus 
 Light 
 light versus darkness 
 living for God 
 Lot 
 love 
 Mark 
 Matan Torah 
 Matthew 
 Meaning of life 
 Megillah 
 Messiah 
 Messianic 
 Miracles 
 Mishkan 
 Mishpatim 
 Mordechai 
 Moses 
 Moshe 
 My Bride 
 My witness 
 Nadab and Abihu 
 Names 
 Naso 
 Nasso 
 Nehemiah 
 Nitzavim 
 Noach 
 Noah 
 Numbers 
 Olam 
 One New Man 
 Owlam 
 Panic 
 passover 
 Paul 
 Paul and the Law 
 Paul and Torah 
 Phinehas 
 Poetry 
 prayer 
 Prayers 
 Pride 
 Priest of War 
 Promised Land 
 proof 
 Prophecy 
 Proverbs 31 
 Psalm 45 
 Psalms 
 Pslams 
 Purim 
 Purpose for Creation 
 Rebecca 
 Red Heifer 
 redemption 
 relationships 
 Religion 
 Religious Poetry 
 Repentance 
 Repenting 
 Replacement Theology 
 Resources 
 Rivkah 
 Rosh Hashana 
 Rosh Hashanah 
 Rosh Hashsanah 
 Sabbath 
 Sacrificial System 
 Salvation 
 sand and stars 
 Scripture 
 serving god 
 Sexuality Biblical 
 Shabbat 
 Shalach 
 Shavuot 
 Shelach 
 Shelach Lecha 
 Sheol 
 Siddur 
 Sins 
 son of promise 
 Songs and Prayers to God 
 Spirit Led 
 Spiritual Art 
 Spiritual Poetry 
 spiritual warfare 
 Spirituality 
 Strange Fire 
 Succos 
 Succoth 
 Tabernacle 
 Teaching Our Children 
 Temple 
 Temple Service 
 Ten Commandments 
 Terrorist 
 testimony 
 the bride 
 The Chosen People 
 the devil 
 The Flood 
 The Holy Land 
 The Jews Killed Jesus 
 The Narrow Gate 
 The Promised Land 
 The Word of God 
 Thessalonians 
 Torah 
 Torah Teachers 
 Transformation 
 Truth 
 Twelve Spies 
 Tzav 
 Tzit zits 
 Uncategorized 
 understanding 
 vayikra 
 vessels for light 
 Victory in God 
 Viduy 
 Violence in Muslim Lands 
 What is evil 
 What is the Torah? 
 Why bother with the Torah 
 Why Christ died 
 Why do I believe in God? 
 Why should I keep Torah? 
 Wisdom 
 witness 
 Word Studies 
 Working for the Kingdom 
 Yaacov 
 Yeshua 
 Yom Kippur 
 Yom Teruah 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
