Skip to content 
 
 Workthoughts 
 Join the conversation on workplace and career 
 Primary Menu 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Workthoughts 
 
 The week@work - Stock market volatility, workplace violence, effective hiring tactics and the best jobs require you to be a 'people person' 
 August 30, 2015 Eileen Kohan 
 This was probably not the best week@work with stock market volatility and one of the most horrific incidents of workplace violence broadcast live on the morning news. 
 The first shock of the week came in the global stock market and created an opportunity for one corporate leader to step out from the cable news apocalyptic babble. 
 In response to the crisis in world financial markets, Starbucks CEO,  Howard Schultz  sent a  email  to his employees both to ease worries about the impact on Starbucks' business and encourage them to understand the mood of their customers. The email was met with mixed reviews outside the Starbucks organization, but was consistent with the Shultz's style and the culture of  'servant leadership' . 
 " Our customers are likely to experience an increased level of anxiety and concern. Please recognize this and-as you always have-remember that our success is not an entitlement, but something we need to earn, every day. Let's be very sensitive to th   e pressures our customers may be feeling, and do everything we can to individually and collectively exceed their expectations. " 
 The second shock of the week arrived with breakfast, in Roanoke, Virginia. Two journalists, Alison Parker and Adam Ward were murdered @work early Wednesday morning, doing what they loved. Their deaths will be added to the global total of 42 journalism deaths since the beginning of the year. 
 CNN political commentator,  Errol Louis  responded with a thoughtful opinion piece,  'The real issue behind on-air killings of journalists'. 
 " According to the National Institute for Occupational Safety and Health, a federal agency, while workplace violence has dropped in recent years, it is still startlingly frequent. Nearly a decade ago, according to the agency, 20 workers were murdered every week. A more recent report shows the tide of violence declining, but as of 2009, 521 people were killed on the job and 572,000 non-fatal violent crimes took place, including rape, robbery and assault." 
 " …we have to stop treating workplace killings as sporadic, one-time bursts of irrational behavior." 
 Workplace safety has to be a priority for CEOs. It effects all aspects of organization culture, beginning with the ability to attract and retain talent. 
 Two additional stories from the week@work focus on talent@work: finding it and nurturing it. 
 How do you find people who will be successful in your organization? CEO  Richard Sheridan  of software design firm,  Menlo Innovations , shared his company's  approach . 
 " Menlo hires people in mass auditions conducted several times a year. The process is designed to mimic the company's operations. Our staff spends their days working in pairs, with each pair collaborating on a distinct task, sharing a single computer. So when applicants show up for our auditions, we pair them up and give each pair a single sheet of paper and a pencil. Then we set them to work on a task, Menlo style." 
 " Candidates who make the first cut return for a test of skills that-like the mass audition-is an immersion in our process and culture. The candidate comes in for a full paid day working on real projects. She pairs with one Menlonian in the morning and a different Menlonian after lunch. If both give her a thumbs-up, we offer a three-week trial contract. We make special arrangements for those who can't risk taking time away from their current situations." 
 The selection and retention of candidates who become contributing members of an organization's community is a major challenge for leadership. Each week you can find articles on creative ways to recruit. In a world of algorithmic forecasts, maybe it's time to get back to basics and invite candidates into the reality of the workplace with the first interview. 
 Andrew Flowers  reporting for 'The FIveThirtyEight Economics' finds  'The Best Jobs Now Require You To Be A People Person' . 
 " To land a lucrative job today, hard skills in math and engineering, for instance, may not be enough. As technology allows us to automate more technical jobs, new research shows that people skills — communicating clearly, being a team player — matter more than ever. And women appear to be the ones capitalizing on this shift in the workplace. 
 “The days of only plugging away at a spreadsheet are over,” David Deming, an associate professor of economics at Harvard, told me. Deming is the author of a new working paper, “The Growing Importance of Social Skills in the Labor Market,” which shows how today’s high-skill, high-paying jobs — like consultants and managers — increasingly require interpersonal skills. " 
 You can't land your first job and relax. It's the beginning of a lifelong learning experiment interacting with customers, investors and colleagues. And you will need an array of communication skills to advance. Which brings us back to the first story of Starbucks founder Howard Schultz. It's his emotional intelligence combined with his business savvy that has led to his success and ability to influence the national conversation on work and workers. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Email 
 LinkedIn 
 Tumblr 
 Print 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Categories:  week@work  Tags:  Adam Ward ,  Alison Parker ,  Andrew Flowers ,  CNN ,  Errol Louis ,  Howard Shultz ,  leadership ,  servant leadership ,  Starbucks ,  WDBJ7 
 Post navigation 
 <- The Saturday Read - Best of the summer for Labor Day reading 
 Take this class: Quarterbacks and Leadership -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Recent Posts 
 
 And then we came to the middle… 
 The Friday Poem: 'August' by Mary Oliver 
 Just the beginning… 
 The Friday Poem - 'How Would You Live Then?' by Mary Oliver 
 Summer 2019@work: Cathedral Thinking, Blue Oceans and Redefining the Purpose of a Corporation 
 
 Search for: 
 Archives 
 
 September 2020 
 August 2020 
 March 2020 
 September 2019 
 January 2019 
 October 2018 
 August 2018 
 May 2018 
 April 2018 
 March 2018 
 February 2018 
 January 2018 
 December 2017 
 November 2017 
 October 2017 
 September 2017 
 August 2017 
 July 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 
 Categories 
 
 career 
 college and work 
 communication 
 connecting the dots 
 creativity 
 culture 
 curiosity 
 economy 
 job search 
 leadership 
 lifelong learning 
 pandemic 
 poetry@work 
 storytelling 
 success 
 The American Dream 
 The Friday Poem 
 The Saturday Read 
 values 
 week@work 
 women@work 
 work thoughts 
 work/life balance 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
