
 Grizzly Sales Force  
 Recent News & Events 
 Navigation 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About Us 
 Contact 
 
 Tag Archives: career advice 
 Post navigation 
   
 Why Choose A Career In Sales 
 Posted on  February 21, 2019  by  grizzlysalesforce 
 When you hear the word sales, what is the first thing that comes to mind? Some generate images of Jordan Belfort with a lavish life of luxury, others envision a pushy car salesman, and some are completely outside of the box, not quite understanding the benefits or sacrifices that come from a career in salse. Here at  Grizzly Sales Force , we believe that sales as a career is a wonderful opportunity for professional growth full of amazing benefits. Today, we wanted to share three great benefits that come standard with this field. 
 One of our favorite things about working in sales is getting to be around people. Between the people on our team, our clients, and every new person we meet, every day is something different with someone different. Here at  Grizzly Sales Force , we work together as a group to help each other reach our goals. If networking is something you crave, sales is the perfect fit! Sales is a great way to get yourself out in the world, meeting new people along the way. If you are introverted and shy, sales is also the perfect fit! When you have a career in sales, you will gain tons of new skills to help you feel more comfortable speaking with new people. Also, sales will help you to get yourself out there, boosting your confidence and self-esteem. Having a career in sales allows you to be present and form real connections. 
 A major perk of this sales industry is that growth is based on performance. Who doesn’t like the sound of that?! A career in sales allows you to drive your own success, at whatever pace you set. Are you a go-getter who always has their foot on the gas or do you prefer to move at a steady pace? Either way, sales is the perfect fit! Sales allows you to be the driver on your trip to greatness. Remember, the amount of work you put into anything determines your results, and a career in sales is exactly that. Unleash your untapped potential and dive into the world of sales. 
 Are you dreaming of having the freedom to control your own life? With a career in sales, you can do just that! Imagine being able to be in your control of your time (most sales jobs require a high level of self-management), dictate your income (hellooo, commission), and spend time with family and friends. Sounds like the dream, right? You might be thinking to yourself, how can sales allow me to have such freedom? When you work hard and prove to your company that you can drive results, you become an invaluable asset and benefits like these will naturally follow. Granted, the early years of sales jobs require more legwork than play time, but over time, your decision to pay now and play later will literally pay off. Within our Management Training Program at Grizzly Sales Force, our focus is to develop sales reps into sales managers, giving team members the opportunity to dictate their future THEMSELVES. With sales, there's less chance of walking in to an unexpected pink slip because the person in control of your progression is yourself. Can a career in any other industry give you that kind of opportunity? We didn’t think so. 
 We could continue to go on about the benefits of working in sales all day, but at the end of the day, enjoying any career is a matter of the mind. If you are someone who would love to have these three benefits in your life, though, we recommend you consider making the switch. We can all personally testify it was the best decision for our careers to date. 
 Posted in  Advice ,  Careers ,  Success ,  Uncategorized  Tagged  Advice ,  Business ,  career advice ,  development ,  Grizzly Sales Force ,  grizzlysalesforce ,  jobs ,  learning ,  productivity ,  Success   Leave a comment     
 How To Become A More Productive Person 
 Posted on  January 10, 2019  by  grizzlysalesforce 
 There are two kinds of people in the world, ones who find time to accomplish everything on their to-do list, and the others who can never seem to cross everything off. If you feel you belong more to the second group, we have some advice for you. Here at  Grizzly Sales Force , we feel being productive is a conscious decision one must make daily. The tips we are about to share can help turn your behavior around, making you a more productive person. Start incorporating them into your daily routine and this year will be your most productive one yet. 
 
 Use Time Blocks To Your Advantage 
 
 The first step in becoming more productive is to get yourself organized and utilize time blocks. Your time is precious, so divide it up by task to be as efficient as possible. For example, instead of responding to emails throughout the day, dedicate a section of time to solely respond to them. This system allows you to switch gears and get focused on the task at hand. It may seem odd to break your day down like this, but in doing so, it allows you to look at all the tasks at hand. Distractions will happen, but by training your brain accordingly, you'll be able to better handle any fires that arise during your workday. 
 
 Get More Sleep 
 
 This one may seem like a no-brainer, but getting more sleep has been proven to make you more productive. Your body and mind need the right amount of rest to perform at it’s best. Don’t take sleep for granted, no matter how hard the urge to stay up maybe. Getting into a healthy sleep schedule can give your body a sense of rhythm that will make the rest of your day go smooth. Do yourself a favor and get more sleep. They don't say 8 hours of sleep for no reason! 
 
 Keep A Detailed Calendar 
 
 Make it a priority at the start of each week to write down your schedule. Starting a calendar is one of the best ways to be more productive. This is the space where you write down your work meetings, appointments, and anything else you feel is important. Make sure to schedule clear work hours and allow yourself for breaks. However, do not treat your calendar like a to-do list. Your calendar is a visual representation of your time. Having everything right in front of you will help you to not schedule yourself too thin or double up on appointments. 
 
 Turn Off Work Mode 
 
 Just like there is a time to work, there is a time not to work. Successful and productive people understand you cannot be in work mode 24/7. It is important to take time to do something for yourself every day. This will help keep you physically and mentally healthy. When you are operating at your best, you can perform at your best in all of your tasks. 
 New habits take time, so be patient while you adjust. There is always room for improvement to become a more productive version of yourself. You’ve got the tools, now get out there and make this the most productive year yet! The  Grizzly Sales Force  team wishes you a productive new year. 
 Posted in  Advice ,  Business ,  Success  Tagged  Advice ,  Business ,  career advice ,  development ,  Grizzly Sales Force ,  grizzlysalesforce ,  learning ,  productive ,  productivity ,  Success   Leave a comment     
 Interview Do's and Don'ts 
 Posted on  July 21, 2018  by  grizzlysalesforce 
 Post-grad summer is coming to an end. We all know what that means. If you haven’t started already, it’s time for the job hunt. Fighting the slew of other applicants during this time can feel like swimming upstream, a never-ending battle with no sign of success. Feeling like you might start considering an unpaid internship? Don’t give up hope quite yet.  Grizzly Sales Force  is here to set you on the right track so that the next interview is the last interview. Follow these do’s and don’ts and watch how fast you nail that job. 
 
 Do dress your best. Nothing turns an interviewer off faster than an overly casual candidate. 
 Do arrive at least 10 minutes early, you’re not a burden. 
 Don’t overthink. You’ll put yourself at risk of sounding rehearsed. 
 Don’t seem distracted or disinterested. This may seem obvious, but sometimes anxiety and nerves can come off as disinterest- be careful. 
 Do your research and be prepared to talk specifics. 
 Do make small talk. An interview is about more than just the resume facts, they are looking for a fit for the company culture. 
 Do come prepared with a question. Almost every interview ends with “do you have any questions for me?” A prepared question shows a vested interest in the position and the company. 
 Don’t name drop. If you happen to know someone at the company, wait for it to come up naturally in conversation- chances are the interviewer already knows. For many, it comes off as tacky for a candidate to walk into the room and immediately and  unnaturally  mention someone who happens to work there. 
 Don’t trash talk your previous company. It is common for interviewers to ask a candidate what they did/didn’t like about their previous job. Of course, be honest, but there is a way to do that without being bitter or disrespectful. Instead of “my boss was a jerk,” maybe go for “there wasn’t strong communication between leadership and the rest of the team.” 
 Don’t people please. Trust us, we get it. When you want the job bad enough, you will say almost anything in an interview. However, the transition into the company will be much easier if you are honest about exactly who you are, and what you want out of a job. If the interviewer asks you if you know how to use photoshop, don’t say yes just to snag the job. Next thing you know, you’re sole task in the company is photoshop, now what? Be respectful, flexible, positive, but  honest . 
 
 You’re all set! You’ve got everything you need to impress that interviewee in a matter of 15 minutes. From all of us here at  Grizzly Sales Force , we wish you the best of luck. 
 Posted in  Advice ,  Interviewing  Tagged  Business ,  career advice ,  Careers ,  graduation ,  grizzlysalesforce ,  internship ,  interviews ,  jobs ,  Leadership ,  learning ,  memphis ,  Success ,  team   Leave a comment     
 What Does Servant Leadership Mean To Us? 
 Posted on  June 12, 2018  by  grizzlysalesforce 
 Here at  Grizzly Sales Force , we have built a foundation from the concept of servant leadership, but what does this actually mean to us? To us this means accessibility. It means being available to you, anytime. We know that a strong leader is one that can be reached, and that is why we strive to always be just a call or click away. To us, servant leadership is always going above and beyond for our valued customers. We don’t settle for the bare minimum, and neither should you. We know you expect the most from us, because we expect that of ourselves. To us, servant leadership is unending creativity and a constant strive to reinvent and recreate. To be a servant leader is to be an unselfish leader, to put the needs of the team and the client before your own. This is what we strive for each and every day as members of the  Grizzly Sales Force  team. A comfort zone is foreign to us, we build our team from the bottom up to value creativity and authenticity. To us, servant leadership is trust. We know the value of your trust, and we do not take that for granted. 
 Servant leadership is more than ruling with an iron fist, to us it is teamwork. It means working together. We see the relationships that we foster with each other, and with you as a team effort, and a collaboration We strive every day to work harder to be more understanding, more collaborative, more flexible, more reliable, and more trustworthy. The basic factors that make a strong team are what we use as a foundation for strong leadership. After all, without a team, there is no leader. 
 We hope that you see this servant leadership in us with each interaction, as we strive to reflect these values each and every day. Every professional choice, business decision, and relationship we embark on is built upon this idea, with you in mind. 
 Along with our services, we promise to deliver the servant leadership we value so greatly. We work tirelessly to not only perfect our own leadership style but to inspire leadership in others. Here at  Grizzly Sales Force , the key to our strong team is this servant leadership within ourselves and among our teammates. It is our sincere hope that our pattern of servant leadership is not only reflected in our work day after day but will also inspire some leadership in you. 
 Posted in  Business ,  Leadership ,  Success  Tagged  Business ,  career advice ,  Careers ,  Grizzly Sales Force ,  Leadership ,  marketing ,  mentor ,  servant leadership ,  Success ,  team   Leave a comment     
 How to Kickstart Your Career in Ten Minutes 
 Posted on  May 21, 2018  by  grizzlysalesforce 
 LinkedIn is a popular form of professional social media and online resume building, but the true muscle is in the myriad of hidden features. By taking advantage of everything the site has to offer, you can get a leg up on the job hunt in a matter of minutes. 
 
 Groups 
 
 Here at  Grizzly Sales Force , we know that the secret sauce of a strong professional network is exclusivity. Creating a group of people based on a shared professional interest can drastically boost your success on this platform and beyond. When considering your connections, i.e “1st level, 2nd level, 3rd.,” the power of the group is in the maximization. When posting about a job change, a job search, an accomplishment, etc. in the group, your announcement is boosted beyond those 1st level connections. 
 
 Publications 
 
 Are you an aspiring journalist? Highlight your work in the publications tab with direct links to your articles. Not to mention, this feature is apt for showing off social media management work through Instagram feeds or editorial blogs. Advertising your creative work in such a dynamic way will set you apart from the drab of bulleted links. 
 
 Connections @ Company 
 
 Congrats, you’ve found your dream company! LinkedIn has even done you the favor of showing you that you are a “perfect match” for this company, with all of the qualifications of a potential employee. The key to success after the first “congratulations!” notification, is forging deeper connections. Lucky for you, LinkedIn shows any and all connections you may have at the company for potential contact. Our advice here at  Grizzly Sales Force  is to take that gift and run with it. Contact those connections, because you never know will end up in your corner. 
 
 Career Advice 
 
 An overused piece of advice to students and young professionals is “find a mentor.” However, we know that is much easier said than done. With LinkedIn, the professional fantasy of a wiser, older guru with years of experience to help guide you through the trials and tribulations of your chosen career path is now a reality. By opting into the “Career Advice” feature, you are opening yourself to the opportunity to gain valuable advice from behind your screen. 
 
 “Get Introduced” 
 
 Looking for a way in? When you stumble upon a connection of a connection, you have the opportunity through LinkedIn to “Get Introduced Through a Connection.” Skip the uncomfortable, “Didn’t you work with her? Could you introduce me?” text. We think you should let LinkedIn do the dirty work for you. 
 In the modern digital age, much of the professional networking happens through social media, and the key to a successful career is harnessing that knowledge. Here at  Grizzly Sales Force  we feel confident that you too can harness this knowledge to transform your career in minute 
 Posted in  Advice ,  Business ,  Careers ,  Leadership  Tagged  Business ,  career advice ,  Careers ,  graduation ,  interviews ,  jobs ,  Leadership ,  linkedin ,  mentor ,  promotion   Leave a comment 
 Post navigation 
 Search 
 Search 
 Social 
 
 View Grizzly-Sales-Force-1717884228535306's profile on Facebook 
 View grizzlysales1's profile on Twitter 
 View grizzlysalesforce's profile on Instagram 
 View grizzlysalesforce's profile on Pinterest 
 View grizzlysalesforce's profile on Vimeo 
 
 Hours & Info 
 2504 Mt. Moriah Rd Suite D360 
Memphis, TN 38115 
 (901) 405-5563 
 Monday - Friday: 
9:00am - 5:00pm 
Saturday - Sunday: 
CLOSED 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
