Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 6 Steps to a More Satisfying Career Path 
 Simon Tyler    19th August    Career   1 Comment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=6%20Steps%20to%20a%20More%20Satisfying%20Career%20Path%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fcareer%2Fcareer-paths%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 With my corporate clients, I’m often involved in  career transition  programs. 
 This involves facilitating or coaching leaders as they prepare and build their personal brand for the next stage in their career. 
 Most of the dialogues start from the wise premise, “What got you here, won’t get you there.” 
 Behind this though are the tough conversations around what they actually want. 
 No matter where you are in your career, considering the next level of transition is too frequently skipped over or given only partial focus. The obvious choices of your  boss’ job  or a role carrying the higher title or pay-grade are planted front and center as the goal. 
 All career transition work thereafter is set to drive headlong in that direction. But ask yourself these questions: 
 
 Is this actually what you want? 
 Is this what would further you in career steps beyond this one? 
 Will the role take you nearer or further from your  passions  and your values? 
 
 The Timeless Challenge of Purpose 
 Purpose is the quiet inner guidance system that, when tapped, informs your career choices and much more. 
 Let’s be clear — purpose is not permanent.  Purpose  is almost never one thing. 
 Read that again. Simply recognizing this impermanence can be liberating. If, by any chance, you have times in your life during which you feel you have purpose, treat this purpose lightly, and don’t cling to it too tightly. 
 Let it go when need be and be open to embracing a greater purpose that, almost certainly, is about to emerge. 
 The act of finding purpose is, by its nature, elusive. Purpose evolves and emerges only, to a tiny extent, in response to searching for it.  Allowing  is the more relevant action here. 
 And another thing — your purpose has nothing to do with what you do.  Your purpose  is about: 
 
 Discovering and nurturing who you truly are 
 Knowing yourself at the deepest level 
 Guiding yourself back when you lose your way 
 
 Any and all of the impact you have in your career will correlate to your (constantly emerging and evolving) purpose. 
 The Six-Step Purpose Toolkit 
 In absolute and simple terms there are only a few things to do: 
 
 Decide to be open to recognizing your purpose 
 Identify, expand and express your  talents 
 Find more ways and places in which you can use your talents. 
 
 In order to do these three things, let’s break it down into six steps. 
 1. Someone Else’s Purpose 
 Are you on a career path signposted to you by your parents, your peers, the media, society? Does it really make you  happy ? Evaluate what you want/where are you heading and run it past the following triage a few times. Each go can uncover a deeper level of thinking: 
 
 Why do I want that? 
 What then? 
 What will I have or be then? 
 
 2. Away From or Toward 
 You will be surrounded by a rich mix of push-and-pull forces, none of which are inherently good or bad. They are simply forces. Identify those that you can. 
 What are the situations, roles, people, events, places, circumstances to which you are drawn? What are the situations, roles,  people , events, places, circumstances from which you are moving away or by which you are repulsed? 
 3. Turnaround 
 What are the contingent  changes  for which you are waiting or that need to be in place before what you really want can become possible? For example, complete a few sentences using “When or if … (this is true)…, I’ll then …” 
 The turnaround works by flipping that sentence around and noticing your thoughts and feelings then. Through exploring the contingency you can uncover your desires and passions; there they sit, masked by the annoying  excuse  or obstacle. 
 4. Naturally 
 What are the things you do naturally, almost mindlessly, and possibly take for granted? Your colleagues and friends may often say, “It comes naturally to you.” 
 Do you have an eye for detail, a sense of  humor , a way of engaging newcomers, an ability to think way ahead? This is your talent — this is where your genius shows up. 
 5. Love It 
 This is so obvious it should be where you start, but its  simplicity  often makes it the least actioned part of your purpose work. Simply list as many things as you can that you love. (I use this word deliberately to stir you to go beyond the “like” and “quite enjoy” items). 
 List the activities, places and people that make you smile, that have an impact on you. 
 Your career is not about waiting for these things or squeezing them into the gaps in your itinerary. They form the fabric of your  life  and almost certainly will inform the nature of your impact. 
 6. The Inspirers 
 Throughout your life you will have noticed and emulated certain people, consciously or unconsciously, and their inspiration for you lives on. Use this activity to help you on your journey: 
 
 List the six to 10 people who you admire the most, by whom you are most  inspired  and motivated. 
 Next to each name, write down one word or phrase that captures the inspirational nugget they represent for you. (E.g. Mother Teresa — selflessness, Winston Churchill — wisdom and statesmanship, Usain Bolt — absolute self-belief) 
 Re-write the nuggets on a separate page. These are now yours, describing the  leadership  impact you are destined to have, to be used to inform choices and decisions on your journey toward this. 
 
 Parting Words 
 Now turn these fresh written-down thoughts into action. Read your work every day for 10 days, each time pausing to consider how your words make you feel. The physical and emotional response will provide clues to the places from which your purpose will emerge. 
 (   Photo   by Moyan Brenn /   CC BY   ) 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 advancement (41) 
 
 
 career paths (1) 
 
 
 finding purposeful work (1) 
 
 
 motivation (46) 
 
 
 passion (34) 
 
 
 work (31) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Simon Tyler  |  Website  |  Other Articles 
 Simon speaks, writes and teaches around the world on the importance and application of living and leading with simplicity and impact. Talented high potential corporate clients work with him to enhance their impact and professional practice in ways that transform their careers, their approach to business and deliver measurable change in their personal and commercial lives. His book, The Impact Code, provides 50 pieces of pragmatic wisdom for leaders and thinkers who want to shift their impact and presence. 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     How to Get More Freelance Writing Work  
  _ _     3 Things All Great Bloggers Do  
  _ _     21 Ways to Save Minutes Each Day  
 
 Discussion 
 
 1 Comment  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 
 Joanna  on the 10th September 
 
 Reply   
 I find this article amazing! While reading it, it helped me realize more of my purpose. It encourages me to go towards what I want as my career. I'm lost for words to fully explain my thoughts, but I feel that this article was empowering to me and my situation. Which I could really relate to my life in a lot of ways. 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
