  
 Work-for-RVers-and-Campers.com 
 Menu 
 
 RVers: Start Here
 
 Workers On Wheels Home 
 Announcements 
 WOW E-mail News 
 Help Wanted Ads for RVers 
 Featured Employers 
 Home Biz Op Directory 
 Work Wanted Ads from RVers 
 The Basics for Working RVers 
 Workers On Wheels Blog 
 
 
 RV Work
 
 Bob's RV Work Articles 
 Campground Work 
 Property Caretaking 
 Flea Markets 
 Network Marketing 
 Temp Agencies 
 Teaching Jobs 
 Volunteering 
 Online Work 
 
 
 More RV Work
 
 Writing for Profit 
 Agricultural Jobs 
 Disney Jobs 
 Employment 
 Referral Fees 
 RV Home Business 
 Seasonal Jobs 
 Tourism Jobs 
 Website Building 
 Tips for Working RVers 
 
 
 RV Work Lifestyles
 
 Dream Jobs 
 RVing w/ Kids 
 Single RVers 
 Survey Polls 
 Testimonials 
 Worker's Stories 
 
 
 RV Work Resources
 
 Mail Service 
 Resume Help 
 Questions/Answers 
 Taxes 
 Tax and Legal 
 Books 
 Mags/Newsletters 
 
 
 WOW Admin
 
 About Us 
 Privacy Policy 
 Disclosure 
 Contact the Editor 
 Site Search 
 
 
 
 
 Find a Job by Having Coffee and Breakfast at the Local Cafe 
 Find a job when you are new in town and don't know anyone? How? Going to the local cafe is a good way to find short-term employment. This actually makes looking for work a fun part of the day. 
 Breakfast Out Leads to Finding Jobs 
 You show up in a small town of a few hundred people, in a very rural area, with no local contacts and no prior job arrangements. Where do you go to look for work and what kind of work is available? Where do you find a job? 
 Our experience shows a good place to start is the local cafe – the greasy spoon, hometown coffee shop, or family run diner. We find many small towns have a local restaurant that serves as the town’s gathering point. It is a hub of activity and information. 
 Frequently these cafes are the home of the morning coffee club, an informal daily gathering of whatever local men show up for coffee or breakfast. We’ve learned that these discussion groups can provide job leads, contacts, and referrals. 
 The local cafe, in the town where we are spending a few weeks before moving south, hosts such a group. As in most cases, it is not an official club. They sit at a long table in the center of the cafe and if that fills, they sit at nearby booths. They come and go as their schedules or whims indicate, and the conversation carries on, occasionally backtracking a bit to get the late comers caught up to date. 
 This particular bunch refers to themselves as "The Liar’s Club," because, as often as not, they are telling tall tales and ribbing one another, rather than discussing something "worthwhile." 
 However, under the good natured harassing and joking that goes on, much information can be gleaned about what the community has to offer. Including leads to help an RVer find a short-term job. 
 Last week at breakfast, we sat enjoying the banter and news sharing of the men who had gathered. One of the big topics was that the local sand and gravel company was looking for someone to operate a dozer. 
 The work involved running a new machine, with a cab, moving piles of sand. They needed someone to work a month and a half to two months, working five or six days a week. It appeared that the job had been available for some time and that the traditional means of filling it had not brought in a suitable applicant. 
 The announcement was made, not by a representative of the company, but by a local who somehow or another was aware of the position. It was not necessary to eavesdrop to overhear about this job opening. The nature of the gathering is to make everyone there who wants to be a part of things a part of the conversation. 
 The next day, it was announced that "so and so" had gone out and gotten the job. The focus of the conversation was on how it paid a high hourly rate and was for a job that demanded very little physical or mental work, and only one person had even inquired about it. This man, it seems, had no experience on operating heavy equipment, but was hired anyway. His main qualification? He showed up and asked for the job! 
 This talk about jobs lead to another man telling about how he needed someone to help with his peanut harvesting and fall farm work. He was willing to pay double the minimum wage at the time. The other fellows were giving him a hard time. How, they wondered, did he expect to get anyone to work for that, when the sand and gravel company had difficulty finding someone to work for more. 
 Those are just two of the many jobs we've heard about at the local cafe. To read the rest of this article, including tips on how to find a job while enjoying breakfast at the local cafe,  click here . 
 More articles about finding employment. 
 Go to our blog to see what's new here on Workers On Wheels - Work-for-RVers-and-Campers.com and to find more info about earning a living while full-time RVing. 
 Disclosure: We receive compensation from advertisers, affiliate relationships, and site sponsors  
 Jen Work Camping 
 Most Recently 
 
   
   
   
 
 
 
  Hilton Head Island Motorcoach Resort Hilton Head Island SC  
 
 
 Jan 25, 21 06:59 PM 
 Live and Work in Paradise - South Carolina Hilton Head Island Motorcoach Resort has openings for Workamping couples starting March 2021 for our spring/summer 
 Read More 
 You can produce an income Work Camping. 
 Work Camping- What is it all about. Click this link for Video 
 https://youtu.be/ujOOPEbJGvY  
 
 Coleen and Bob Workers On Wheels Founders 
 
 
 Post Your Help Wanted Ad on Workers On Wheels 
- Click Here 
 *** 
 
 
 
 
 
 Copyright 1992-2020 All Rights Reserved - No reproduction permitted without written permission. 
 Contact Info  -- Jim Erickson, Workers On Wheels, Work-for-RVers-and-Campers.com 
 Disclosure: This site provides helpful and entertaining information thanks to compensation received from quality advertisers and affiliate relationships. 
 Privacy Policy 
 Workers On Wheels is our website and newsletter about working while RVing -- working while living in a home on wheels. There are so many kinds of work to do while RVing and camping (what some campers call workcamping or work camping). We help RV workers -- whether snowbirds or full-time RVers -- find campground jobs, volunteer jobs, jobs with RV spaces, seasonal jobs, mobile employment, short-term paid employment, and other ways to earn an income and cut expenses while enjoying life in a recreational vehicle. Thanks for visiting our WOW website! ~ Jim, your Workers On Wheels editor, at work-for-RVers-and-campers.com
*[Jan 25, 21 06:59 PM]: 2021-01-25T18:59:07-0500 
