[ 
 Work-Life Feed 
 ](https://worklifefeed.com/ "Work-Life Feed") 
 Rediscover Life. Just Do Work! 
 Search for: 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 News 
 Digest 
 
 Working Life 
 
 myMentor 
 Marketplace Faith 
 Millennial & GenZ 
 
 
 Life in Style 
 
 Life Coach 
 Retirement 
 LifeMap 
 
 
 Tech/Gadgets 
 Professional Institutes 
 
 
 Directory 
 Index 
 
 Worklife Index 
 Gender Equality Index 
 
 
 Work-Life Balance 
 Blogs 
 
 Akinspire. 
 Couples on a Journey. 
 
 
 
 Career Trajectory On Ventilator, COVID Took My Ambition 
 Posted on  July 31, 2020  by  akin Adeleye 
 (Photo: nyt. An intensive care bed at University Hospital Dresden in Germany. To the right of the bed is a ventilator and infusion equipment.Credit…Ronald Bonss/Picture Alliance. Career Trajectory On Ventilator) 
 Career ambitions are in different battle zones, mostly uncharted, just like the new normal. Working from home has changed the location and size of the trenches. 
 Fighting in hand to hand combats, and shooting at close range in the office for superiority has stopped. But punching the screen during zoom meetings are the new normal for some. 
 'Hit the break', furlough shout out. 
 'Take the retrenchment pill and stop the pain', another senior officer ordered. 'We may lose more men and women, but not this battle front'. 
 Advertisements 
 **' Where is my career, it was on a fast lane trajectory, few months ago.' ** 
 A young officer stumbled out of a heap of rubble. He has five stars on his jacket shoulder. And a super high flyer-duper CEO potential tag on his helmet. 
 COVID-19 Lockheed Martin F-22 Raptor fighter aircraft just dropped Coronavirus GBU-39 Small diameter virus bomb, a 250-pound, GPS-guided munition. 
 
 " I embraced the rat race before I knew I was a rat." 
 
 He survived furlough, a sack, pay cut, and work from home. As a super essential staff, he still goes to the office everyday. He staggers, trying to hold the air to stabilize himself, finding it difficult to escape the survivor guilt. 
 'Sit down now', commander work life balance ordered. 
 'You cannot escape the smoke, dust and flying rubble splinters. The impact of the dropped Coronavirus GBU-39 Small diameter virus bomb is deadly. It is already all over you. Your career trajectory is on a ventilator'. 
 'Career trajectory on ventilator, help,' he cries out. 
 Video Game - Super Mario Career Trajectory On Ventilator 
 In the video game Super Mario, the goal is to get coins, and hit blocks. Get sharp eyes to look for shortcuts, and importantly, run whenever possible to level up. 
 “Unless absolutely necessary, never stop running. Remember, you have a time limit to finish the level, and the faster you get through, the better your score will be,” states the WikiHow page on the game. 
 It is an ominous warning. For as long as I can remember, this was eerily analogous to my career trajectory which began way before entering the workforce. 
 
 " Never mind that my goalposts shifted as soon as I reached them. The overall goal was to keep running. Whether that meant hitting the next promotion, getting a salary increase, or doubling down on ambition." 
 
 Advertisements 
 Along with many Singaporean millennials, I learnt the importance of dreaming big, being passionate and giving my all from young. I firmly believed hard work and passion were the two unicorn coins I had to grab and hold to proceed to the next level in life. 
 In school, this translated into zealous goal-setting and over achievement. Every milestone was a fleeting but significant dopamine hit that left me wanting more. Running to get more and more, even as I got to all the “coins” and “blocks” I was supposed to. 
 Type A Person, Rate Race and Halted Career Trajectory 
 I embraced the rat race before I knew I was a rat. This made my first few years in the workforce relatively breezy. 
 Like any self-respecting Type A person, my body was chronically attuned to ambition. Never mind that my goalposts shifted as soon as I reached them. The overall goal was to keep running. Whether that meant hitting the next promotion, getting a salary increase, or doubling down on ambition. 
 Then my video game was short circuited by, well, the circuit breaker. 
 You may also like:   Worklife Grooves on Ferrari with a Mentor  or  Life After Work  ( or here ) 
 When I was made to slow down, I realised many of my old habits were unsustainable. Not least my relationship with career and ambition. The hamster wheel was all I knew, but it could not continue. 
 AN UNHEALTHY DEFINITION OF SUCCESS 
 Unless you’re one of the psychotic few who’s managed to be productive during a pandemic, COVID-19 has forced most of us to reconsider our somewhat acceptable working cultures. 
 Stuck at home, the performative aspects of work have fallen away. Joined in the same locker room like normal staff, you no longer feel the need to dress up for work or engage in office politics. The new normal superiority contest trenches has no room yet, for keeping tabs on which colleagues are getting plum assignments. 
 Many have long gathered their core sense of identity from professional accomplishments, turbocharged by social norms and cultural expectations. 
 A New Normal For Ambition A  nd Super Charged Career Trajectory 
 When we are this focused on constantly striving for more, the enforced slower pace of life can be more uncomfortable than expected. This is the time to rethink our idea of ambition, even if it can be disorienting. Start early, because it requires a shift in perspective for what we’ve been told is a fundamental part of our identity. 
 On one hand, not everyone has the luxury to use this down time to reflect on broader values and beliefs. That is no excuse, even though you’re stressing over financial fallout or have to deal with retrenchment. 
 But while grappling with uncertainty can make you more determined to hold onto any remaining semblance of control over your lives, now is the time for change. 
 Start now, by meticulously planning your 'rebirth' career trajectory in the new normal. The need to redefine professional ambition isn’t a bad thing. 
 Click here to view original web page at www.channelnewsasia.com 
 
 Most Recent Posts 
 
 BBC Worklife 09-15-Jan-2021: Why Self-Compassion – Not Self-Esteem – Leads To Success 
 Self-compassion is a deliberate effort to take care of ourselves. … 
 
 Happiness Cannot Be Described, But Can It Be Pursued? 
 Don't have such a high standard for achieving happiness, that … 
 
 BBC Worklife 01-08-JAN-2021: Why Our Pursuit of Happiness is Flawed 
 A life with loving attachments has been shown to be … 
 
 Worklife Crafting Because Worklife Cannot Be Balanced 
 I think of life as a puzzle. So I carefully … 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) 
 Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 tagged with  career ambition ,  COVID-19 ,  Dopamine ,  featured ,  success and wealth ,  Super Mario ,  Type A person ,  ventilator ,  work-life ,  work-life feed frontpage ,  working_life ,  worklife digest 
 
 Work-Life 
 Work-life Feed Front Page 
 Working Life 
 Worklife Digest 
 
 3 comments 
 
 
 Pingback:  Super Spoiler Toxic Work Trait People Think Is Healthy - Work-Life Feed 
 
 
 Pingback:  COVID-19 Legal HR Questions. Illegal If You Can't Help? - Work-Life Feed 
 
 
 Pingback:  Work Infidelity Sabotages Careers And Love Relationship - Work-Life Feed 
 
 
 Search 
 Search for: 
 Sort by  Relevance  Newest first  Oldest first 
 Work Life And Career Video 
 https://youtu.be/ckQVNR_Cs5M 
 Worklife Daily 
 Worklife: The Secret To Working Anywhere […] 
 Worklife: Unsatisfied With Her $400 Million Net Worth, Jennifer Lopez Wants Even More […] 
 Worklife: Coronavirus: Six Critical Actions Employers Need to Take to Help Women at Work […] 
 Worklife: India Women Vs Patriarchy: Challenges Women Face At Work And What Can Be Changed […] 
 Worklife: This Is The No 1 Thing Retirees Miss About Their Work Life […] 
 
 
 Recent 
 
 
 Popular 
 
 
 Comments 
 
 
 BBC Worklife 09-15-Jan-2021: Why Self-Compassion – Not Self-Esteem – Leads To Success 
 
 
 January 17, 2021 
 
 Happiness Cannot Be Described, But Can It Be Pursued? 
 
 January 11, 2021 
 
 BBC Worklife 01-08-JAN-2021: Why Our Pursuit of Happiness is Flawed 
 
 January 10, 2021 
 
 Worklife Crafting Because Worklife Cannot Be Balanced 
 
 January 9, 2021 
 
 Define Work-Life, Work-life Balance And Quality of Work-life 
 
 August 20, 2020 
 
 Worklife Balance Or Integration - What's The Difference? 
 
 October 8, 2020 
 
 Define Gender Equality Index. Work-Life Balance 
 
 September 25, 2020 
 
 Balancing Entrepreneurship And Personal Life 
 
 August 27, 2020 
 
 BBC Worklife 09-15-Jan-2021: Why Self-Compassion – Not Self-Esteem – Leads To Success - Work-Life Feed  on  Balancing Entrepreneurship And Personal Life 
 Happiness Cannot Be Described, But Can It Be Pursued? - Work-Life Feed  on  Balancing Entrepreneurship And Personal Life 
 Happiness Cannot Be Described, But Can It Be Pursued? - Work-Life Feed  on  BBC Worklife 01-08-JAN-2021: Why Our Pursuit of Happiness is Flawed 
 BBC Worklife 01-08-JAN-2021: Why Our Pursuit of Happiness is Flawed - Work-Life Feed  on  Balancing Entrepreneurship And Personal Life 
 
 Worklife Journal 
 post: Top Talent Recruiters Guide On How To Make The Most Of This Moment […] 
 post: Being A Good Boss In Dark Times […] 
 Post: Headed Back To The Office? These Are Your Rights As An Employee […] 
 Post: Returning To Work Won't Be Easy. Have A Plan For It […] 
 Post: Free Yourself from What You “Should” Be Doing […] 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 
 Tags 
 
 
 January 2021  (6) 
 
 
 December 2020  (2) 
 
 
 November 2020  (18) 
 
 
 October 2020  (41) 
 
 
 September 2020  (39) 
 
 
 August 2020  (59) 
 
 
 July 2020  (65) 
 
 
 June 2020  (2) 
 
 
 May 2020  (2) 
 
 
 March 2020  (2) 
 
 
 February 2020  (6) 
 
 
 December 2019  (1) 
 
 
 May 2019  (1) 
 
 
 January 2019  (1) 
 
 
 December 2018  (3) 
 
 
 November 2018  (1) 
 
 
 September 2018  (2) 
 
 
 August 2018  (5) 
 
 
 Akinspire.  (23) 
 
 
 Blogs  (18) 
 
 
 Career  (12) 
 
 
 Company News  (8) 
 
 
 Couples on a Journey.  (7) 
 
 
 Directory  (14) 
 
 
 Executive Wellbeing Index  (1) 
 
 
 Gender Equality Index  (3) 
 
 
 Government & Workplace  (14) 
 
 
 HR in the Business  (2) 
 
 
 Index  (7) 
 
 
 Life Coach  (3) 
 
 
 Life in Style  (19) 
 
 
 LifeMap  (2) 
 
 
 Marketplace Faith  (4) 
 
 
 Millennial & GenZ  (1) 
 
 
 myMentor  (14) 
 
 
 News  (38) 
 
 
 Professional Institutes  (6) 
 
 
 Retirement  (3) 
 
 
 Tech/Gadgets  (8) 
 
 
 Work-Life  (248) 
 
 
 Work-Life Balance  (14) 
 
 
 Work-life Feed Front Page  (253) 
 
 
 Working Life  (48) 
 
 
 Worklife Daily  (42) 
 
 
 Worklife Digest  (64) 
 
 
 Worklife Index  (7) 
 
 
 Worklife Journal  (25) 
 
 
 Worklife Podcast  (2) 
 
 
 Akinspire   bad boss   blogs   Career   career burnout   coronavirus   COVID-19   engaged employee   featured   friendship   government_n_workplace   healthy work environment   Life   life_in_style   Mental Health   mentor   myfunworklife   myfwlpost   myMentor   News   pandemic   Purpose   Relationship   remote working   social networks   talent development   toxic workplace   wellbeing   Wellness   work-family balance   work-life   work-life balance   work-life blend   work-life daily   work-life feed frontpage   work-life harmony   work-life integration   work from home   working from home   working_life   worklife digest   worklife directory   worklife journal   workplace bullying   workplace conflicts 
 Get Social with Work-Life Feed 
 
 Home 
 News 
 Digest 
 Directory 
 Index 
 Work-Life Balance 
 Blogs 
 
 Facebook Connects 
 
 Facebook Connects 
 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Aimlessly walking through life? 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Disclaimers 
 Worklife Feed Disclaimer Statement 
 
 Housekeeping 
 
 About Worklife Feed 
 Contact Us 
 Cookie Policy 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Follow Us 
 
 Twitter  
 Instagram  
 Facebook  
 Pinterest  
 YouTube  
 
 We need your consent 
 We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. See our Privacy and Cookie Policy. 
 We also use cookies to personalise content and ads, provide social media features and analyse our traffic and share information about your use of our site with our partners. We may also use features such as offline data, device linking, and geographical data to help improve our services. 
 Purposes we use: Personalisation, ad selection, delivery and reporting, measurement, content selection, delivery and reporting, information storage and access. 
 By clicking “I Agree”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. You may read more about any of the purposes, or features that we use and how to manage your consent by clicking 'Cookie Settings'. 
 Do not sell my personal information. 
 Cookie SettingsI Agree 
 Privacy & Cookies Policy 
 Close 
 Privacy Overview 
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. 
 Necessary 
 Necessary 
 Always Enabled 
 Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. 
 Non-necessary 
 Non-necessary 
 Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
