  
 
 Jobs 
 Features 
 Newsletter 
 Login 
 
 Talent  Startup 
 I am a 
 Jobseeker Talent 
 or a 
 Hiring Startup 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign up using linkedin   __ 
 Hello 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign in using linkedin   __ 
 Employers  __ 
 Employers  __ 
 __filters __search 
 Filter by category 
 All Jobs Developer Jobs Marketing Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Manager Jobs Customer Support Jobs Sales Jobs Data and Product Jobs Internships Co-Founder Roles Designer Jobs People and Other Jobs 
 Filter by type 
 full-time part-time freelance 
 Advanced Search 
 search jobs __ 
 Client Success Manager 
 at KUDO 
 go back to Customer Support Jobs 
 
 
 __Remote 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 
 
 
 
 __Remote 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 About KUDO 
 KUDO is the market-leading platform for multilingual video meetings, built for governments and enterprises to communicate across numerous languages in real-time around the world. 
 Earlier this year, KUDO experienced an unprecedented surge in growth due to global circumstances that brought business travel and in-person meetings to an overnight halt. KUDO is now helping bridge critical lines of communication for international organizations and Fortune 1000 companies across different languages, cultures, and continents. Our platform achieves this by creating a seamless user experience where human professional interpreters work remotely through our powerful cloud-driven platform to facilitate multilingual video meetings and events built for the New Normal. 
 Our Team 
 Kudo was founded in 2017 and is Headquartered in New York City. Our team is globally distributed and culturally diverse with employees spanning across all corners of the world. We have teams, partners, and customers in North America, Europe, Asia, and South America.  We are eagerly seeking talented individuals to join us in our mission to overcome language and geographic barriers around the world. If our mission resonates with you, we highly encourage you to apply within! 
 The Opportunity 
 We are currently looking for a Client Success Manager that will be responsible for managing renewals, mitigating churn, analyzing usage data, and maintaining strong post-sales relationships for the life-cycle of our enterprise clients. Our ideal candidate has both passion and experience in the field of working in either account management, client-facing business development, business analysis, or a previous role as a customer success manager or associate. Experience working in a startup environment is a plus. 
 Primary Responsibilities 
 
 Overseeing success with customer renewals, adoption of KUDO solutions, and customer health and satisfaction 
 Acting as the customer's main point of contact throughout their post-sales life cycle 
 Defining a success plan with clear deliverables, and acting as a liaison between customers and other internal team members 
 Driving customer commitment and loyalty by making every interaction positive, orchestrating the right internal resources, and effectively using internal success benchmarks to align, track and evolve customer business goals 
 Conducting customer onboarding, renewal, monthly check-in meetings, and periodical reviews to measure NPS and platform utilization levels 
 Identifying and mitigating customer churn risk, and maintaining existing customers 
 Leveraging analytics to identify predictive indicators of churn, growth, and renewals 
 
 Minimum Qualifications 
 
 Bachelor's Degree in Business, Management, Communications or Economics 
 Excellent written and oral proficiency in English 
 Exceptional presentation, communication, and interpersonal skills 
 Ability to mediate conflict in a professional manner and to exercise persuasion and negotiation skills to navigate through client agreements 
 At least 3 years of work experience in customer relations, consulting, sales support, account management, or a related role 
 Strong acumen for the underpinnings of customer success 
 Working knowledge of common CRM software including Zendesk, Intercom, Hubspot, etc. 
 Demonstrable skills with data analysis 
 Proficient in Excel, Word, PowerPoint, and GSuite 
 Consistent access to a reliable internet connection and a Mac or PC that is 3 years old or newer 
 
 Preferred Additional Qualifications 
 
 Previously held a role as a Customer Success Manager or Associate 
 1-2 years of experience working at a startup 
 Fluency in a language other than English 
 Account management with enterprise clients 
 Ability to use SQL and/or Excel in an advanced capacity 
 
 What we offer 
 
 A positive work atmosphere with flexible hours 
 Talented and culturally diverse teams to work and build relationships with from across the world 
 Opportunity to have a true impact on a mission-driven business that's solving a key global issue 
 Great autonomy to achieve your goals and grow as a person 
 Learning and career development opportunities 
 
 Published at 7 Jan 2021 - Expires on 7 Mar 2021 
 You need to be logged in to apply.   Login  or  create an account . 
 Is this job ad fake? Report it! 
 ×  Warning! 
 __get the latest startup jobs emailed to you 
 Developer Jobs Designer Jobs Internships Marketing Jobs Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Co-Founder Roles Data and Product Jobs People and Other Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Customer Support Jobs 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;  
 and 
  Privacy Policy  
 and Cookie Use. 
 New Jobs Alert created! 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;   
 and 
  Privacy Policy   
 and Cookie Use. 
 
 
 * [Terms of Service](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/terms)
 
 
 Privacy 
 Cookie Policy 
 Acceptable Use Policy 
 Still Hiring 
 
 
 
 * [About Us](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/about)
 
 
 FAQ 
 Cities 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 * [__Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/workinstartups/)
 
 
 __Twitter 
 __Instagram 
 Blog 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Work In Startups 
 This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  Read more  Close 
