  
 Menu Bar 
 
 __ 
 
 Go 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Job Search 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 New Graduates 
 Job Sites & Resources 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 
 
 Networking 
 
 Networking Tips 
 Networking Etiquette 
 Networking Events 
 Social Media & Online Networking 
 Elevator Speech 
 Informational Interviews 
 Networking Mistakes 
 FAQ About Networking 
 
 
 
 Cover Letter 
 
 Cover Letter Tips 
 Cover Letter Format 
 Cover Letter Samples 
 Cover Letter Mistakes 
 FAQ About Cover Letter Writing 
 
 
 
 Resume 
 
 Resume Tips 
 Resume Format 
 Resume Template 
 Resume Samples 
 Customizing Your Resume 
 Resume Formatting 
 Ideas & Alternatives 
 Resume Mistakes 
 Resume Writers 
 FAQ About Resume Writing 
 
 
 
 Interview 
 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Questions 
 Interview Skills 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Mistakes 
 Follow Up Interview Email 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Career Advancement 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 Continuing Education 
 Productivity 
 Work Relationships 
 Work Environment 
 Work Life Balance 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 
 Go 
 
  Home   
  Job Search   
  Job Search Tips   
 How to Research Your Way Into a New Job 
 
 How to Research Your Way Into a New Job 
 by Sari Friedman 
 You may have heard people say that looking for a job is a full-time job. That sentiment likely exists because people are factoring in the research that goes into finding a great role. Reviewing current job postings is merely a thin slice of what it takes to find a suitable position. The following captures what is involved in thoroughly researching a new career opportunity. 
 Research? Really? 
 Yes, research. You can get a job by  applying to postings  but attaining a role that is a good match for your career goals often requires research. Applying to roles that are currently open is a narrow approach. Research takes time, planning, effort and patience, but it can yield results that improve your career satisfaction. Start by identifying the types of roles you are looking for and the skills you have that could be useful for your next opportunity. You can get specific and think about the industries and companies and even the location. The more you know about what you're looking for, the more likely you will be to find a role that matches. At the very least, you will know what you are willing to sacrifice or put on the back burner when you accept a role that does not match your criteria. The exercise of conducting this research can and should open new avenues that you have not considered and yet may result in a great career move. 
 Widen Your Scope Beyond Postings 
 If you are looking for a new role, you are familiar with many of the sites where roles are posted online. You may have set up alerts and notifications for specific opportunities. Those are just a fraction of the available jobs, so you need to widen the scope of your search. Why aren't all roles posted? There are a number of reasons why companies choose not to post roles including cost, confidentiality and past success of hiring referrals from current employees. Some ways to ensure you can  tap into the hidden job market  are through research,  networking  and following specific organizations. Regularly review companies' websites, recruitment firm websites and your LinkedIn newsfeed. Some industries and companies are likely to post on association sites. You may need to be a member of the association to have access to those roles. Recent graduates should be in touch with the  career centre  from their college or university as many organizations focus on campus recruitment for entry level roles. 
 Target Companies 
 There are many factors to consider when it comes to deciding which companies you may want to join. Make a list of companies you would consider. Be sure to include the ones you are interested in, whether or not they are currently hiring, that way, you can start to connect with members of that company on LinkedIn. Then, when they are hiring, they will see that you are in their network. 
 How do you decide which organizations? As a starting point, consider whether they are likely to have the type of role you are interested in, their reputation and if commuting is a factor, then their location. If there are organizations you are keenly interested in, review the Career sections of their websites regularly. As well, you want to  connect on LinkedIn  with human resources people and recruiters who have worked with those organizations because they may be referring to opportunities in their newsfeed. 
 Research Individuals 
 If you are deciding what types of roles could be out there for you, a helpful approach is to research on LinkedIn. What are you looking for? Search for individuals who have a title that is related to roles you would consider. There are many filters on LinkedIn that help to refine your search including location, industry and company name. Review the profiles of incumbents of roles you may consider, and you are sure to find useful information. Perhaps you'll discover that their previous role is more closely related to what you want to do next and you can research roles similar to that. You are likely to identify skills that may be helpful for you to include in  your own profile . You can also find out more about their education, certifications and qualifications. This research may lead you to  join groups or associations  that will help to grow your network. It is somewhat time consuming, but that's the nature of research. 
 Consider Specific Requirements 
 Learn more about what is required for roles you are interested in. You want to make sure that your skills, experience and qualifications are a close match for available opportunities that interest you. Best to get ahead of that by considering any gaps in your skills, required certifications or courses. For example, some roles may require a project management certification such as the PMP, even pursuing it by starting the courses can  enhance your resume . You would include a Professional Development section and indicate that it is 'in progress'. When you are researching incumbents of roles that could be of interest of you, make an inventory of qualifications, skills and experience and use that information to assess the gaps and make a development plan. It is best to know about any gaps in advance of seeing that great opportunity so you can ensure you are a closer match. 
 
 Make research a priority. Spend time looking into organizations, requirements, current incumbents and developing your network. Research is work, but hopefully that work will result in the attainment of a role that matches your career goals and contributes to your career satisfaction. 
 Job Search Center 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 Job Sites & Resources by Profession 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 Recommended Articles 
 
 Why HR Just Isn't Into You  
 Back to Work: Advice for Parents Returning to the Workforce  
 3 Ways to Identify and Showcase Your Skills to Land a Job  
 Job Fairs Aren't for Sissies: 10 Tips to Improve Your Chances  
 What Happens When an Employer Does a Background Check About You?  
 5 Best Career Change Ideas and Advice in your Midlife  
 Prepare for Your Pre-Employment Assessment  
 
 FAQ 
 
 How to Write Your Resume and Cover Letter if You've Been Absent from the Workforce for a While? 
 How to Showcase Your Accomplishments? 
 How to Choose a Career That Fits Your Personality? 
 What Happens When an Employer Does a Background Check? 
 What Can You Do if You're Lacking Experience? 
 
 Job Search Center 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 Job Sites & Resources by Profession 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 Become a Contributor 
 We are always on the lookout for good writers. If you are a resume writer, career coach or human resources professional and would like to contribute, please  get in touch  and earn your badge! 
 
 WorkBloom's goal is to help you find work and reach your highest aspirations, one step at a time. 
 Featured Resources 
 
 Resume Writing 101  __ 
 Over 300 Resume Samples  __ 
 Cover Letter Writing 101  __ 
 Over 200 Cover Letter Samples  __ 
 The Holland Codes / RIASEC  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Job Search Center  __ 
 Networking Center  __ 
 Cover Letter Center  __ 
 Resume Center  __ 
 Interview Center  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Career Center  __ 
 Students & New Graduates Center  __ 
 Contributors  __ 
 Contact Us  __ 
 
 Copyright © 2006-2021 | All Rights Reserved |  Privacy Policy 
 × 
 Send 
