Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Product Tester 
 Best Buy 
 __Brampton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Best Buy Canada’s Service Center, based out of Brampton, ON, is currently looking for a Product Tester! As a Product Tester , you are responsible for testing consumer electronics to determine whether a unit is defective or operational. Product Testers are also responsible for assisting with other technical & logistics duties as necessary. 
 Availability Requirement 
 Monday to Friday (Day Shifts) 
Full-Time and Part-Time positions available 
6-month contract with possibility of permanent 
 As a Product Tester you will… 
 Participate in the testing of consumer electronics such as computers, laptops, video game consoles, cell phones, smart watches, cameras, speakers, etc. 
Perform data wiping for consumer electronics 
Un-boxing and re-boxing products to be sold in a saleable condition 
Operate a pallet jack to moving products from location to location 
Work with Windows programs to track the location and status of products 
Assist with other material handling responsibilities and projects as assigned or required 
 We hope you are passionate about… 
 The latest and greatest tech products! Get ready to get your hands dirty in the newest tech gear. 
Safety – Ensuring the safety of yourself and teammates is of the utmost importance 
Efficiency – Being as quick and accurate as possible with an eye for detail will go a long way 
Having fun while being the best – we work hard but play harder. 
 The experience and education we need… 
 High School Diploma 
A personal interest in testing consumer electronics 
DIY repair or testing experience is considered a major asset 
Ability to work with Excel and learn new systems 
Required to perform lifting duties (up to 50 lbs on a consistent basis) 
 Please note – that due to COVID-19 and social distancing requirements we have modified how we conduct in-person interviews at our facility; inclusive of screening questions prior to entry, restrictions on the number of people admitted at one time and use of personal protective equipment. Our goal is to make you feel as safe and comfortable as possible; however, if you would prefer an alternative way to interview with us, please ask when you are contacted. 
 We believe we have the unique opportunity to help customers enrich their lives and pursue their passions with the help of technology 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
