
 Menu 
 
 HOME 
 WORK FROM HOME 
 
 __200+ Best Work From Home Jobs 
 __Virtual Assistant Jobs 
 __Proofreading Jobs 
 __Transcription Jobs 
 __Stay at Home Mom Jobs 
 __Online Tutoring Jobs 
 __Delivery Driver App Jobs 
 __Search Engine Evaluator Jobs 
 
 
 MAKE MONEY 
 
 __Make Money From Home 
 __Make Money Online With PayPal 
 __Proven Passive Income Ideas 
 __Make Extra Money From Home 
 
 
 EXTRA CASH 
 
 __Money Making Apps 
 __How To Make Money Doing Surveys 
 __USA Paid Online Surveys 
 __UK Paid Online Surveys 
 
 
 BLOG 
 
 200+ Best Work From Home Jobs: Top Companies With Remote Jobs 
 Work From Home Jobs  March 21, 2020 
 This post may contain affiliate links. Please read our affiliate disclosure  to learn more. 
 1.9Kshares 
 
   
   
   
 
 
 Looking for the best work from home jobs? If yes, read this article to discover some awesome companies that are hiring for work from home. 
 Gone are the days when you had to work from an office to earn a decent living. With this new era, there are lots of jobs that can earn you from the comfort of your house. Stay at home jobs are so diverse; you sure will find something you can do. 
 If you are looking for the best work from home jobs, we have you sorted out. Here, you will find the most legitimate and reliable online jobs that allow you to work from wherever. You will also find sites and companies with remote jobs that can hire you. 
 Read on to the last word for a comprehensive list of companies that will hire you to work from your house. 
 The best work from home jobs to work remotely 
 Table Of Contents 
 
 Free Proofreading Workshop 
 FREE Transcription Mini-Course 
 Virtual Assistant Jobs 
 Online Writing 
 Online Tutoring Jobs 
 Data Entry Work From Home Jobs 
 Web Search Evaluator Jobs 
 Website Testing Jobs 
 Online Survey Jobs 
 Translation Jobs 
 Bookkeeping jobs 
 Photography 
 Graphic Designer Work From Home jobs 
 Social Media Moderator Jobs 
 Voice-over jobs 
 Captioning Work From Home Jobs 
 Remote Customer Service Jobs 
 Resume Writing 
 Run errands or Miscellaneous tasks 
 Dropshipping 
 Sell handmade crafts online 
 Sell eBooks and courses 
 
 Proofreading  Work From Home Jobs 
 Do you flinch when you come across grammatical errors? Do you spot spelling errors with a lot of ease? Are you hawked-eyed and can spot any errors while reading? If your answer was yes to any of these questions, then proofreading might be your thing. 
 As a proofreader, your work will be to correct any errors from your clients’ written work. You will need to be excellent in the language to work as a proofreader. You might also need training to get started on the right foot.  An average proofreader earns $3000 per month. 
 You can source for proofreading gigs from: 
 
 Proofreading Services 
 Sibia Proofreading 
 Kibin 
 Proofreading Pal 
 Scribendi 
 Proofread Now 
 Editor World 
 Cactus Communication 
 Gramlee 
 Scribe Writing 
 Wordy 
 Upwork 
 Edit Fast 
 Scribbr 
 
 Free Proofreading Workshop 
 Learn the Skills You Need to Start your Freelance Proofreading Hustle. 
 Though you don’t necessarily need to take a course to gain proofreading knowledge, enrolling in some form of training will increase your chances of success. 
 The good thing is you don’t actually need to spend big money to access proofreading training. Caitlin Pyle, a veteran proofreader with over $45, 000 per year in revenue, has created a completely FREE proofreading workshop designed to help beginners gain the skills needed to start a successful proofreading hustle. 
 Click here to get instant access to the FREE proofreading workshop today! 
 
 Related: 
 
 How To Become A Successful Proofreader 
 Is Proofread Anywhere Legit? Here’s The Truth 
 7 Best Proofreading Courses 2020 
 17+ Websites To Find Online Proofreading Jobs From Home 
 What Is Proofreading, And How Do I Become A Successful Proofreader? 
 
 Transcription  Work From Home Jobs 
 Transcription entails transforming audio or video recordings into written documents. To excel in transcription you will need some form of training, a good set of headphones, a stable internet connection, and transcription software. An average transcriptionist earns $15 per hour of audio. 
 You can source for transcription work from home jobs at: 
 
 Rev Transcription 
 GoTranscript  
 SpeechPad 
 TranscribeMe 
 Casting Words 
 TigerFish 
 Scribie 
 GMR Transcription 
 Daily Transcription 
 Quicktate 
 Appen Global 
 Verbal Ink 
 Cambridge Transcriptions 
 Babbletype 
 
 FREE Transcription Mini-Course 
 If you’re not sure whether transcription is a smart choice for you, be sure to  check out this FREE mini-course on transcription foundations . It will help you see why transcription is an in-demand skill in today’s digital world and arm you with the skills to start a successful transcription hustle. 
 
 Related: 
 
 30 Best Online Transcription Jobs From Home 
 
 Virtual Assistant Jobs 
 If you have excellent secretarial and administrative skills, you will excel in virtual assistant work from home jobs. Your main duty as a virtual assistant would be to help companies and entrepreneurs facilitate their daily administrative tasks.  You may need to get trained to get started. An average virtual assistant makes anything between $35 and $50 per hour. 
 Sounds like something you would love to do? Here is where you can find virtual assistant jobs: 
 
 Belay Solutions 
 Zirtual 
 Time ETC 
 Fancy Hands 
 WorldWide 101 
 Peopleperhour 
 
 Related: 
 
 How to Become a Virtual Assistant 
 
 Online Writing 
 Online writing entails creating written content for your clients. You can write for your clients’ organization, website, magazine, or blog. You need a good command of the language to succeed as a writer. Getting trained is a great way to get started. An average online writer earns $2000 monthly. 
 If you love writing, you can source for gigs from: 
 
 Upwork 
 Fiverr 
 Paypercontent 
 Problogger 
 Freelancer 
 Blogging Pro 
 Hirewriters 
 Zerys 
 GreatContent 
 TextBroker 
 Writers Access 
 WritersNeeded 
 WritersDomain 
 IWriter 
 
 Online Tutoring Jobs 
 If you are knowledgeable about a certain subject, why not earn money sharing your knowledge to others? There are lots of online tutoring platforms that let you give English classes, and classes in other fields. You may need a Bachelor’s degree to qualify as an online tutor. Depending on your field of teaching, an average tutor earns $15-$35 per hour of tutoring. 
 If you would love to give English classes, the following sites would be suitable for you: 
 
 VIPKids 
 Magic Ears 
 SayABC 
 Education First 
 Cambly 
 
 If you would love to offer classes in other fields, consider the following sites: 
 
 Chegg Tutors 
 TutorVista 
 Verbal Planet 
 Skooli 
 
 Related  :  10 Best Online Tutoring Jobs To Teach From Home 
 Data Entry Work From Home Jobs 
 Data Entry jobs are one of the most sought online jobs. They most entail feeling in information in Microsoft Excel. Data Training jobs not require training.  If you are good with Microsoft Excel and Microsoft Word, you are good to go. 
 They are one of the easiest and beginner-friendly online jobs. If you are looking for ata entry gigs, be sure to check the following sites: 
 
 Axion Data 
 Dion Data 
 Virtual Bee 
 SigTrack 
 Working Solutions 
 The Smart Crowd 
 
 Web Search Evaluator Jobs 
 Web search evaluator jobs entail analyzing and rating the search results of search engines. The focus of your work would be to help improve the relevancy and the quality of search results. You may need training to get started. Some of the companies with web search evaluator jobs will train you before you start working. 
 What I love most about web search evaluator jobs is that you can only work for a few hours in a day. 
 If you are looking for web search evaluators, be sure to check out the following sites: 
 
 LionBridge 
 Appen 
 Google 
 RaterLabs 
 Workforce Logiq 
 iSoftStone 
 
 Related  :  6 Best Search Engine Evaluator Jobs To Work From Home 
 Website Testing Jobs 
 Website Testing jobs entail giving opinions that will help improve the relevancy and quality of websites. Your opinions will help improve the navigability, ease-of-use and the content of different websites. 
 The tests are usually about 15-20 minutes long. Each test may earn you between $8-20. 
 You may find website testing jobs from the following sites: 
 
 UserTesting 
 Whatusersdo 
 UserTest 
 Enroll 
 UTest 
 UserFeel 
 Start Up Lift 
 Amazon Mechanical Turk 
 Analysia 
 Userlytics 
 
 Online Survey Jobs 
 Online survey jobs let you earn some money giving opinions. You will be required to give pinions on different issues, and test different products. You do not require any training to give your opinions. Most online survey take anything between 10 and 20 minutes. On most platforms, each completed survey earns you $2-$10. Surveys are an ideal way to supplement your earnings. 
 You can take part in paid online surveys in the following sites 
 
 Survey Junkie 
 Swagbucks 
 Pinecone Research Surveys 
 Inbox Pounds 
 Lifepoints 
 Neilsen Surveys 
 Opinion Inn Surveys 
 Ipsos Surveys 
 Toluna 
 PanelBase Surveys 
 
 Related: 
 
 How To Make Money Doing Surveys (Over $500/Mo) 
 10 Best Paid Survey Sites For USA Residents 
 9 Best Paid Surveys UK: Top Online Surveys For UK Residents 
 
 **Translation  **Jobs 
 Translation entails transferring a text from one language, to the text’s equivalent in another language. You need have a good command of the two languages you are dealing with. An average translator earns $3000 per month. 
 You can source for translation gigs from the following companies: 
 
 TransPerfect 
 Lionbridge 
 LanguageLine Solutions 
 Translate Plus 
 Keyword Solutions 
 Welocalize 
 Ubiqus 
 Translation Bureau 
 American Language Services 
 Linguaserve 
 TranlsteMedia 
 President Translation Service 
 
 Bookkeeping jobs 
 Bookkeeping entails keeping track of the daily transactions and cash flow of an organization. Your duty will be to account for the receipt, purchases, sales and any financial records of a business. You do not have to be a professional accountant to work as a bookkeeper. You, however, need some training to get started.  Some jobs may also need a background in accounting filed. An average bookkeeper earns $15-$20 per hour. 
 You can find bookkeeping jobs from: 
 
 AccountingDepartment.com 
 Bateman & Co 
 Belay Solutions 
 BIDaWIZ 
 Bookminders 
 Click Accounts 
 TAD Accounting 
 Intuit 
 Click N Work 
 
 Photography 
 If you are in love photography, the good news is that you can sell your photos online. You can supply stock photos to different enterprises and business. You will love that you can start this online business using your phone. You can later advance and get yourself a camera. 
 You can sell your photos on the following platforms: 
 
 iStock 
 SmugMug 
 Etsy 
 Can Shutterstock 
 Adobe Stock 
 123RF 
 Stock Photo 
 Photo Shelter 
 500px 
 Snapped4U 
 Stocksy 
 EyeEm 
 Alamy 
 Dreamstime 
 Photo Shelter 
 500px 
 Snapped4U 
 Stocksy 
 EyeEm 
 
 Graphic Designer Work From Home jobs 
 Graphic design entails designing websites, logos, business cards, and T-shirts. You will just need the necessary design software and a computer for a start. An average graphic designer can make $40-$100 from a gig. 
 You can source for graphic designer jobs from the following platforms: 
 
 Zillion Designs 
 LogoMyWay 
 Fiverr 
 Crowdspring 
 99Designs 
 
 Social Media Moderator  Jobs 
 There are a lot of businesses that are looking to improve their online presence. If you are good with social media platforms, you can work as a moderator on the social media platform of these businesses. Your work will be to reply to comments and private messages, engage with the clients, make posts, and moderating group and page activities. An average social media moderator makes $18-$35 per hour. 
 You can find social media moderator work from home jobs from the following sites: 
 
 Ask Community 
 Lithium 
 Yelp 
 Metaverse Mod Squad 
 BabyCenter 
 
 Voice-over jobs 
 Voice-over jobs entail lending your voice to projects that need it. You can lend your voice to different projects such as audio books, TV or radio commercials, narrations, video games and live events.  You need a good microphone and headphones. With this equipment, you don’t need to go to the studio. On average, vice-over jobs pay $40 per hour. 
 You can source for voice-over jobs from the following sites: 
 
 Fiverr 
 Filmless 
 Voice Crafters 
 Voice Bunny 
 Voice123 
 Voices.com 
 Upwork 
 Snap Recordings 
 
 Captioning Work From Home Jobs 
 Captioning jobs entails generating subtitles for movies and other audio-visual projects such as documentaries, ads, you-tube videos. The work of a captioner is to increase the viewership of the movie or video. You will need an excellent set of noise-cancelling headphones and a computer for a start. For a quicker take-off as a captioner, consider getting some training. On average, a captioner earns $40-$75 per hour. 
 You can source for captioning gigs from: 
 
 Aberdeen 
 Caption Max 
 Caption Media Group 
 ASC Services 
 Vitac 
 National Captioning Institute 
 Rev 
 
 Remote  Customer Service  Jobs 
 If you consider yourself charismatic, patient and with good communication skills, customer service jobs may suit you well. As a customer service person, you will be tasked with answering customer’s inquiries concerning the company, their products and services. 
 You, therefore, have to be well-versed with the operations of the company. Don’t worry, though. You will receive an orientation before you start your customer service job for a company. An average remote customer service representative makes $27000 per annum. 
 You can land customer care representative jobs from the following sites: 
 
 Apple At Home 
 ACD Direct 
 Aspire Lifestyles 
 Century Link 
 Concentrix 
 Cruise 
 Contract World 
 Great Virtual Works 
 Arise 
 On Point Advocacy 
 
 Resume Writing 
 There are lots of job seekers who can’t seem to find their way around with resumes. If you are good with resumes, or with a background in Human Resource Management, writing resumes for job seekers will earn you modestly. 
 To succeed in resume writing, you need to be persuasive and organized. You must be able to put your clients’ educational background and work experiences in a professional and orderly format. 
 If you would love to wite resumes for money, you can find work from the following sites: 
 
 ResumeEdge 
 Resume Writing Jobs 
 RiseSmart 
 WriterBay 
 Boardroom Resumes 
 Talent Inc 
 WriteZillas 
 ResumeYard 
 Upwork 
 Indeed 
 
 Run errands or Miscellaneous tasks 
 You can get paid to run errands, both online and offline. These errands may include watching videos and surfing the net. Offline errands may include doing laundry, grocery shopping, and house cleaning. There are sites that will connect you to people around your area that need you to run errands for them. The pay of running errands will vary significantly depending on the task you are doing. 
 You can find such jobs on the following platforms: 
 
 TaskRabbit 
 Gigwalk 
 Rover 
 InstaCart 
 Deng 
 Lazyguys 
 
 Dropshipping 
 Dropshipping entails connecting sellers, manufacturers, and retailers to cstomers. Your work will be to find customers, and have the goods delivered to them, and earn your commission. You will not stock the goods yourself. 
 If this sounds like an interesting business, you may love to partner with the following companies: 
 
 AliExpress 
 SaleHoo 
 Doba 
 Wholesale2B 
 Worldwide Brands 
 Wholesale Central 
 Sunrise Wholesale 
 MegaGoods 
 InventorySource 
 National Dropshippers 
 Dropshippers.com 
 
 Sell handmade crafts online 
 If you would love to turn your hobby into business, this idea may entice you. Art and crafts lovers, you can sell you can make your products and sell them online, from the comfort of your house. Some of the most sought after handmade items include jewelry, toys, bags, paintings, drawings, and wooden carvings. 
 If you would love to sell your crafts online, the following platforms will be appealing to you: 
 
 Etsy 
 Bonanza 
 Craftsy 
 Cratejoy 
 Dawanda 
 eBay 
 BigCommerce 
 Articents 
 Artfire 
 Aftcra 
 
 The above platforms will connect you to potential buyers, and help you market your products. 
 Sell eBooks and courses 
 This is a great way to make  passive income . You will keep earning from the sale of your eBooks way later after writing it. You can create eBooks on your filed of interest or expertise. 
 You can sell your eBooks via: 
 
 Amazon Kindle Direct Publishing 
 Payhip.com 
 Blurb 
 Lulu 
 Feiyr 
 BookBaby 
 Seiz 
 E-Junkie 
 
 W  hich of these work from home jobs resonates with you best? 
 Finding the right job that lets you work from your house is a sure way of balancing between family time and financial independence. Gone are the days when you had to work from the office to earn a decent living. 
 From the comprehensive list above, you're sure to find work from home jobs that suit your skills, interests, experiences and abilities. Get started on your selected platforms and watch yourself build an amazing career from the comfort of your house. 
 Did you enjoy this list of the best work from home jobs? Which of these  remote jobs  resonates with you best? Let us know in the comment section below. 
 1.9Kshares 
 
   
   
   
 
 
   
 Tags: online jobs ,  remote jobs ,  stay at home jobs ,  work from home companies ,  work from home jobs 
 Related Posts 
   
 15 Online Jobs for Housewives (Work From Home) 
 Are you a housewife or homemaker looking to … 
   
 15 Online Jobs for Beginners with No Experience 
 Are there online jobs for beginners? How can … 
   
 10 Lucrative Work From Home Business Ideas With Low Startup Costs 
 Do you have an entrepreneurial spirit and drive … 
   
 6 Best Search Engine Evaluator Jobs To Work From Home 
 Do you have a lot of time in … 
   
 15 Part-Time Weekend Jobs Online To Earn Extra Cash 
 Looking for flexible part time weekend jobs to … 
   
 20 Online Side Jobs to Make Extra Money from Home 
 Are you looking for side jobs online to … 
 3 Comments 
 
 S.Valli 
 
 Send me proofreading translation jobs 
 Reply 
 * [Norbert Juma](https://workathomesmart.com)
 
 We have a collection of proofreading jobs here ( https://workathomesmart.com/online-proofreading-jobs-from-home/ ) and translation jobs here ( https://workathomesmart.com/online-translation-jobs-from-home/ ) 
 Reply 
 * chantelle
 
 Hi S Valli 
 Hope you well, I am Chantelle interested in proof ready jobs 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel Reply 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 
 __ 
   
 POPULAR POSTS 
 
   
 
 Get Paid To Read Emails: 12 Sites & Apps That Pay 
 
   
 
 200+ Best Work From Home Jobs: Top Companies With Remote Jobs 
 
   
 
 25 Real Ways to Make Money From Home & Create A Life You Love 
 
   
 
 15 Online Jobs for Housewives (Work From Home) 
 
   
 
 30 Best Online Transcription Jobs From Home 
 __ __ __ __ 
 Hi and welcome to WorkAtHomeSmart.com! I'm Norbert Juma, passionate about the web & financial freedom. I started this site to be a resource for people looking to work from home and make money online. 
 RECENT POSTS 
 
 
 17 Easy Online Jobs for Teenagers (No Prior Experience) 
 
 
 20 Website Testing Jobs - Get Paid To Test Websites 
 
 
 15 Part-Time Weekend Jobs Online To Earn Extra Cash 
 
 
 How to Become a Proofreader: Ultimate Guide For Beginners 
 
 
 15 Work From Home Captioning Jobs For Beginners 
 
 
 AFFILIATE DISCLOSURE 
 Some of the links on our site are affiliate links, meaning that if you click on one of the links and purchase an item, we may receive a commission. All opinions, however, are our own and we do not accept payments for positive reviews. 
 VISIT US ON SOCIAL MEDIA 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
 Earnings Disclosure 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 WorkAtHomeSmart.com  Copyright (C) 2020. 
 Built with  Magnus 
