  
 Indus Asia Online Journal (iaoj) 
 Search 
 Primary Menu Skip to content 
 
 Home page 
 Follow us on twitter 
 Baba Bulle Shah 
 Community Connection 
 About 
 Mail Box 
 
 Search for: 
 Tag Archives: Jobs 
 Economy ,  Politics 
 Stephen Hawking Says We Should Really Be Scared Of Capitalism, Not Robots 
 09/10/2015   iaoj   Leave a comment 
 By  Dylan Sevett 
 According to world famous physicist Stephen Hawking, the rising use of automated machines may mean the end of human rights – not just jobs. But he’s not talking about robots with artificial intelligence taking over the world, he’s talking about the current capitalist political system and its major players. 
 On  Reddit , Hawkings said that the economic gap between the rich and the poor will continue to grow as more jobs are automated by machines, and the owners of said machines hoard them to create more wealth for themselves. 
 Someone asked: 
 Have you thought about the possibility of  technological unemployment , where we develop automated processes that ultimately cause large unemployment by performing jobs faster and/or cheaper than people can perform them? 
 In particular, do you foresee a world where people work less because so much work is automated? Do you think people will always either find work or manufacture more work to be done? 
 Hawkings replied: 
 If machines produce everything we need, the outcome will depend on how things are distributed. Everyone can enjoy a life of luxurious leisure if the machine-produced wealth is shared, or most people can end up miserably poor if the machine-owners successfully lobby against wealth redistribution. So far, the trend seems to be toward the second option, with technology driving ever-increasing inequality. 
 The insatiable thirst for capitalist accumulation bestowed upon humans by years of lies and terrible economic policy has affected technology in such a way that one of its major goals has become to replace human jobs. 
 If we do not take this warning seriously, we may face unfathomable corporate domination. If we let the same people who buy and sell our political system and resources maintain control of automated technology, then we’ll be heading towards a very harsh reality. 
 Courtesy:  U.S. Uncut 
Read more » http://usuncut.com/news/edit-complete-hw-stephen-hawking-says-really-scared-capitalism-not-robots/ 
 --- - - - - - 
More details »  Huffington Post 
 http://www.huffingtonpost.com/entry/stephen-hawking-capitalism-robots_5616c20ce4b0dbb8000d9f15?ncid=tweetlnkushpmg00000067 
 Automated Capitalism corporate greed corporate power Inequality Jobs Robots Stephen Hawking Unemployment 
 technology 
 The Smarter Robots are coming to take away your jobs 
 14/09/2015   iaoj   Leave a comment 
 AI is not new, so why suddenly does it matter? 
 By  Rory Cellan-Jones , Technology correspondent 
 Here come the Intelligent Machines. 
 This week on the BBC you may get the impression that the robots have taken over. Every day, under the banner Intelligent Machines, we will bring you stories on online, TV, radio about advances in artificial intelligence and robotics and what they could mean for us all. 
 We will ask whether smarter robots and more advanced algorithms will take over all sorts of tasks that we thought were the preserve of humans, posing a threat to employment. We will explore the ethical concerns about artificial intelligence, from the fear that computers will come to dominate humans to the question of who is to blame when a self-driving car hits a pedestrian. 
 We will examine the cultural impact of AI, asking whether a robot could paint a decent picture or compose a symphony, and we will also emphasise all those areas where this technology is making our lives better. 
 Why now? Well at the end of last year Prof Stephen Hawking told the BBC that full artificial intelligence  could spell the end for mankind . "Humans, who are limited by slow biological evolution," he warned, "couldn't compete, and would be superseded." 
 Continue reading The Smarter Robots are coming to take away your jobs -> 
 automation intelligent Machines Jobs Robots 
 Economy ,  India 
 Across the aisle: Letter to the Prime Minister 
 30/05/2015   iaoj   Leave a comment 
 I read that there are 85 lakh persons registered with the employment exchanges in Tamil Nadu. If we extrapolate that number for the whole country, don’t you agree that the situation is alarming? 
 Written by  P Chidambaram 
 Dear Mr Prime Minister, 
 I am an average citizen. I belong to an average family, had an average education, live in an average town, hold an average job, and have average ambitions. I am aware that because I am the son of a school teacher, hold a bachelor’s degree (second class) and have a job, I may actually be above the average. It only shows how low the average is. 
 In the last week, my fellow citizens and I have been bombarded with editorials, columns, statements, interviews, blogs, tweets and what not, and I am quite confused. I thought your letter of May 26 that appeared in all newspapers would put things in perspective but, I am afraid, it left me more confused. So, please bear with me while I ask you a few questions. 
 Where are the Jobs? 
 My first question is, how is the economy doing? To me and my children, and to all families on our street, the most important concern is jobs. Will you please tell us the number of jobs that were created in the first year of your government? The numbers I have seen are a little over one lakh of jobs every quarter, so that makes a grand total of 4 to 5 lakh jobs in the whole year. I also read that there are 85 lakh persons registered with the employment exchanges in Tamil Nadu. If we extrapolate that number for the whole country, don’t you agree that the situation is alarming? So, please tell us the truth about jobs. 
 That takes me to the next question, who is creating the jobs? My neighbour who teaches economics in the local government college told me that no real new jobs can be created in farming. She thinks that only if more people start new businesses, and more large plants are built to produce power or steel or cars or mobile phones or anything, will there be more direct and indirect jobs. She said the key word is investment and encouraged me to ask you what were the amounts invested in the last year by the public sector enterprises and the private sector, what is the number of jobs they expect to add once the projects go into production, and when. By the way, why don’t we see advertisements of a bhumi puja or an inauguration of a big project costing a few thousand crore rupees as we used to do a few years ago? 
 Read more »  Indian Express 
 - See more at:  http://indianexpress.com/article/opinion/columns/across-the-aisle-letter-to-the-prime-minister/#sthash.Mp0i0WAo.dpuf 
 Jobs Modi Unemployment 
 News ,  Pakistan ,  Politics ,  Punjab 
 We are billionaires, let Pakistanis suffer! Ishaq Dar sons.. 
 03/09/2012   iaoj   1 Comment 
 We are billionaires, let Pakistanis suffer! 
 By  Ahmed Tamjid Aijazi 
 Dubai: HDS Tower in Cluster F of Jumeirah Lakes Tower is only one of the 34 story buildings that belong to the mighty HDS Group. The News Tribe learnt that several other buildings in Jumeirah Lakes Towers, Business Bay and International City, like the HDS Sunstar Towers, are also owned by the millionaire brothers, surprisingly Pakistanis. 
 The uniqueness of the car rental company lies in its array of niche car manufacturers and models of cars unavailable to the market. HDS Rent a Car owns the 2012 Lamborghini Aventador LP700-4, Mercedes Benz SLS 63 AMG Gullwing, apart from the more economy cars such as Peugeots and Renaults. Some of the many exotic, luxury and SUVs in the lineup are the the Ferrari Berlinetta F12 and the McLaren F1, and you can do the numbers yourself! 
 The owners from a ‘poor and starving’ country Pakistan, where the average monthly income for an individual is $41, are offering such exotic services in Dubai, which even the local Emiratis fail to afford. 
 Sources further told The News Tribe that the story does not end here; another Finance Minister from the Nawaz Sharif Government, made hundreds of real estate transactions with Madhu Bhindari, an Indian billionaire entrepreneur, who is on a run-away from Dubai, after losing 150 million dirhams in the 2008 crisis. However, the finance minister’s buildings and investments are still there, earning a hefty income. 
 A Pakistani real estate agent, who claimed to carry out transactions for a serving government officer in Sindh Government, told The News Tribe that a lot of Pakistani bureaucrats and politicians have properties worth millions in Dubai. 
 “The son of a serving government officer from Sindh government invested a huge amount of money in real estate here in 2008, and I carried out transactions for him,” the agent claimed. 
 “Where are these politicians getting the money from?” asked a frustrated Pakistani in Dubai, who came to know that the building he lived in is owned by Ali and Hasnain Dar’s HDS Group. 
 “If they have billions of dollars and so much money, why is it not in Pakistan? These politicians talk about the welfare of Pakistani people, but all they can think about is themselves!” 
 Previously, Director Swiss Bank had stated that Pakistan has around 97 billion dollars only in Swiss Banks. But, it seems that Pakistani politicians and businessmen have more than 97 billion dollars outside Swiss Banks, invested in various countries and financial hubs like Dubai. 
 According to the Swiss Bank director, if the money is utilized for the welfare of Pakistan and its people, then Pakistan can make tax free budget for next 30 years, can create 60 million jobs, can carpet four lanes road from any village to Islamabad, provide endless power supply, every citizen can earn Rs. 20,000 salary for the next 60 years and there is no need to take loans from IMF or World Bank. 
 Courtesy:  The News Tribe 
 http://www.thenewstribe.com/2012/08/11/we-are-billionaires-let-pakistanis-suffer/#.UEVIKpZXljs 
 34 story billionaires buildings Business Bay corruption dirhams Dubai HDS IMF Ishaq Dar Jobs Jumeirah Lakes Mercedes Benz money laundering Nawaz Pakistanis PML(N) Shahbaz Sharif starving suffer Sunstar tax free Tower World Bank 
 News ,  Pakistan ,  Sindh ,  Sindhi 
 State Bank has no Board Director from Sindh 
 22/04/2012   iaoj   Leave a comment 
 By: Dr Ali Akbar Dhakan, Karachi, Sindh 
 There is an old maxim that the cry of an oppressed or Victim never goes heedless but its bring Allah`s calamity and catastrophe for the oppressors. Since the creation of the world, the history tells that the society wherein the principle of might is right has been adopted, neither the fate of that society has flourished nor solidarity has achieved sound footings. I have expressed here my worries and woes experienced in the service career of State Bank of Pakistan which is the central Bank or the authority to regulate and control the monetary related affairs of the country. 
 Continue reading State Bank has no Board Director from Sindh -> 
 advisers bank Banks Board Corporations Directors Jobs monetary Pakistan quota Representation Rural Sindh Sindhi State 
 Economy ,  International ,  News 
 Demands of Canadians - Raise Corporate Taxes, Create Jobs, Raise Wages and Living Standards! Curb Corporate Power! 
 01/04/2012   iaoj   Leave a comment 
 Raise Corporate Taxes, Create Jobs, Raise Wages and Living Standards! Curb Corporate Power! 
 The CPC (Ontario) has condemned the Ontario Budget, delivered yesterday, as a massive attack on working people and the poor that will destroy tens of thousands of jobs, drive down wages, pensions, incomes and living standards, and which, combined with the austerity measures in Thursday’s federal budget, could push the province into another deep economic recession. 
 The Executive Committee of the CPC (Ontario) also warned that the threat of legislated wage controls is a dangerous attack on free collective bargaining and on civil and democratic rights. 
 Continue reading Demands of Canadians - Raise Corporate Taxes, Create Jobs, Raise Wages and Living Standards! Curb Corporate Power! -> 
 attack Budget Canada Canadians class corporate cpc Democratic Economic equality greed Jobs Labour living massive militarizing Occupy Ontario poor power Provincial Public recession Rich Rights Social Socialism standards street Taxes undermining Unemployment wages Wall wealth working 
 Economy ,  Human Rights ,  News ,  Politics 
 Boston - People's Parade for Peace, Equality, Jobs, Social & Economic Justice 
 18/03/2012   iaoj   Leave a comment 
 St. Patrick's Peace Parade, When: Sunday, March 18, 2012, 1:00 pm to 4:30 pm. Where: assemble on D Street between 1st and 3rd Street • Broadway MBTA stop • South Boston 
 Please join Veterans For Peace and other Peace and social / economic Justice organizations for this historic 2nd Annual “People’s Peace Parade" in South Boston. 
 Themes for the Day  : 
 How is the War Economy Working for You 
 Bring the Troops Home and Take Care of Them When They Get Here 
 Cut Military Spending, Save Jobs, Teachers, Fireman & Police 
 Peace Is Patriotic! Not a Dirty Word 
 No War on Iran 
 Last year, Veterans For Peace were denied permission to walk in South Boston's traditional St. Patrick’s Day Parade. The stated reason given by the Allied War Veterans Council was that the organizers “did not want the word peace associated with the word veteran”. …. 
 Read more »  United for Justice with Peace (UJP) 
 alternative Boston dirty Economic equality fireman historic Jobs Justice Occupy patriotic Peace People Police prade Social street Teachers U.S Veterans Wall War 
 Current Issues ,  Pakistan ,  Politics ,  Sindh 
 Quota System 
 01/03/2012   iaoj   Leave a comment 
 By  Dr Ali Akbar Dhakan 
 In order to remove inequalities in the recruitment in various organizations and corporations and also provide constitutional share to all small provinces in jobs, quota system was introduced in the 1973 constitution because of the fact that before this, the backward areas and small provinces had been neglected deliberately in the recruitment of all categories of jobs by the bureaucrats belonging to the big province Punjab as they were holding the senior positions since the partition of the subcontinent and also particularly after the imposition of one Unit system in 1955 and making Lahore as the capital of four provinces of west Pakistan  Continue reading Quota System -> 
 bureaucrats constitution Islambad Jobs Lahore Punjab quota recrutiment Rural Sindh system urban 
 Human Rights ,  International ,  News ,  Politics 
 Occupy protesters prepare for day of 'solidarity' across US 
 16/11/2011   iaoj   Leave a comment 
 Series of events planned to support evicted Zuccotti Park activists by highlighting growing inequality and need for jobs 
 by  Paul Harris  in New York 
 Supporters of the Occupy movement are gearing up for a national day of protest and direct action across America, taking in dozens of events from New York to Chicago to Los Angeles. 
 Thursday has been declared a day of "solidarity" with the Occupy Wall Street activists in New York after their camp in lower Manhattan's Zuccotti Park was raided and dismantled by police. But it is also aimed at highlighting several of the movement's broader aims in terms of income inequality and a desperate need for job creation in America's floundering economy. … 
 Read more »  guardian.co.uk 
 across activists America Angeles Chicago Day Economy events evicted floundering gearing growing Inequality Jobs Los Movement National New Occupy Park prepare protesters solidarity street support U.S Wall York Zuccotti 
 International ,  News ,  Politics 
 Desis stay away from Occupy Wall Street 
 31/10/2011   iaoj   Leave a comment 
 by  Dr. Qaisar Abbas 
 Excerpt; 
 While the American silent majority has spoken lodging its protest throughout America, the so-called model minority of Desis seems to be in a state of perpetual silence. The affluent are part of a capitalist system which they cannot afford to oppose anyway. On the other hand, the disadvantaged communities of the diaspora are so isolated from the American society; they do not feel to be part of a grassroots movement … 
 …. The grassroots agitation against the exploitative capitalist system is challenging the powerful businessmen, financial institutions and politicians in the United States. The recent issue of the progressive journal “The Nation” reports the deplorable economic conditions in the United States in these figures: 
 
 Twenty five million Americans are unemployed who are desperately looking for jobs 
 While corporate CEOs are paid handsomely, wages of 70% Americans without college education are declining 
 One in 6 American lives below the poverty line 
 One in four homes, considered to be the largest asset for most Americans, is at the verge of foreclosure and eviction by banks for nonpayment of mortgage loans 
 Fifty million people are unable to afford health insurance as healthcare costs are soaring 
 The economy works well for the rich 1% who control 40% of the wealth 
 Multinationals have conveniently transferred domestic jobs in other countries to reduce production costs 
 The rising cost of education is becoming unbearable for youth and they are burdened with a record high education loans …. 
 
 Read more »  View Point 
 agitation American businessmen capitalist care CEO challenging communities conditions corporate costs democracy Diaspora disadvantaged domestic Dream Economic Education equality exploitative Financial grassroots Health imagination institutions isolated Jobs loans majority Marxism Movement multinatinals Nation Occupy powerful Progressive Revolution rising Silent soaring Socialism society spoken street system wages Wall 
 Life ,  Personalities 
 Steve Jobs 
 08/10/2011   iaoj   Leave a comment 
 " Your time is limited, so don't waste it living someone else's life. Don't be trapped by dogma — which is living with the results of other people's thinking. Don't let the noise of others' opinions drown out your own inner voice. And most important, have the courage to follow your heart and intuition. They somehow already know what you truly want to become. Everything else is secondary." - (Steve Jobs) 
 courage dogma Heart Jobs Life noise opinion results Steve thinking time Trap voice 
 Economy ,  International ,  News ,  Video 
 Occupy Wall Street rediscovers the radical imagination 
 02/10/2011   iaoj   Leave a comment 
 
 The young people protesting in Wall Street and beyond reject this vain economic order. They have come to reclaim the future 
 
 • Police tactics attacked as officers pepper-spray women 
•  Occupy Wall Street: the protesters speak 
 by  David Graeber 
 Why are people occupying Wall Street? Why has the occupation –  despite the latest police crackdown  – sent out sparks across America, within days, inspiring hundreds of people to send pizzas, money, equipment and, now, to start their own movements called OccupyChicago, OccupyFlorida, in OccupyDenver or OccupyLA? 
 There are obvious reasons. We are watching the beginnings of the defiant self-assertion of a new generation of Americans, a generation who are looking forward to finishing their education with no jobs, no future, but still saddled with enormous and unforgivable debt. Most, I found, were of working-class or otherwise modest backgrounds, kids who did exactly what they were told they should: studied, got into college, and are now not just being punished for it, but humiliated – faced with a life of being treated as deadbeats, moral reprobates. 
 Is it really surprising they would like to have a word with the financial magnates who stole their future? 
 Just as in Europe, we are seeing the results of colossal social failure. The occupiers are the very sort of people, brimming with ideas, whose energies a healthy society would be marshaling to improve life for everyone. Instead, they are using it to envision ways to bring the whole system down. …. 
 Read more →  guardian.co.uk 
 
 via →  guardian news blog  →  YouTube 
 Americans assertion beyond class deadbeats debt economi Education Financial future generation humiliated imagination Jobs magnates No Occupy order People protesting radical reasons reclaim rediscovers reject self street Wall working Young 
 Economy ,  International ,  Politics 
 In the US, where 45 per cent of young African Americans have no jobs and the top hedge-fund managers are paid $1bn a year on average, mass protests against cuts in services & jobs have spread to heartland states such as Wisconsin 
 24/02/2011   iaoj   1 Comment 
 
 Behind the Arab revolt lurks a word we dare not speak 
 
 BY  John Pilger 
 The people of Egypt, Tunisia, Bahrain, Algeria, Yemen, Jordan and Libya are rising up not only against their leaders, but also western economic tyranny. … 
 Read more :  NewStatesman 
 abused Algeria America Arab Bahrain blows Britain Capitalism civilisation east Economic Egypt Fascism Imperialism Jobs Jordan liberal Libya London Middle Nazi power propaganda Revolt spread struggle Tunisia Tyranny U.S UK Unemployment Washington Western Wisconsin Yemen 
 Economy ,  India ,  Politics 
 US graduates heading to India for jobs 
 05/11/2010   iaoj   Leave a comment 
 Breaking tradition, top American graduates are heading to India to find jobs and opportunity. Many believe that having experience in India is an important addition to their resume in this increasingly globalized world. Some say that its easier to find a good job in India than in the United States, as India's economy is growing while the US economy is predicted to shrink within the next year. 
 via  Globeistan  -  YouTube Link 
 Americans bangalore brain drain Economy graduates India infosys Jobs recession U.S Unemployment Washington 
 News 
 Sindhies Denied Job Opportunities in Oil and Gas sector of Sindh 
 26/09/2008   iaoj   Leave a comment 
 By Khalid Hashmani, McLean, Virginia, USA 
It would really be shameful if the same kind of discrimination and job denial practices against native Sindhis are still prevailing in Sindh's oil and gas sector as before the current people's government came into power. I believe that the time is now to put pressure on the current government to appoint native Sindhis and native Baluch to head all government controlled oil and gas organizations in Sindh and Balochistan respectively. We should also write to the Board of Directors (BOD) of the multi-national and other Pakistani oil and gas companies to have affirmative action programs in their organizations to recruit and promote native people and meet their civil society obligations to local areas/people. 
 Continue reading Sindhies Denied Job Opportunities in Oil and Gas sector of Sindh -> 
 Jobs Oil & Gas sector Sindh Sindhi 
 SUFI POET SHAH ABDUL LATIF 
 When the world was still to be born 
When Adam was still to receive his form 
Then my relationship began 
When I heard the Lord's voice 
A voice sweet and clear 
I said "YES" with my heart 
And formed a bond with land (Sindh) 
I love 
When all of us were one, My bond 
then begun. 
 
 Secular Sindhi Sufi (mystic) poet of Peace, Shah Abdul Latif (1689 - 1752) 
 
 
 Saaeen sadaaeen kareen mathay Sindh sukaar, Dost mithha dildaar aalam sabh aabaad kareen. 
Translation - May Lord bless Sindh along with entire world. 
 SHAH ABDUL LATIF, Secular Sindhi Sufi poet ( 1689 – 1752 ) 
 
 Religions got the people confused in the country 
The mullahs, the Pundits, the Sheiks misled the masses 
Some bowed themselves in prayers and some settled 
in the temples 
People of mind never got closer to love even. 
 ~ Sachal Sarmast, Secular Sindhi Sufi poet (1739–1829) 
 
 "The brave speak the truth Let others like it or not; For the talk of false friendship we care not."  ~ Sachal Sarmast, Secular Sindhi Sufi poet (1739–1829) 
 
 "Aad sach, jugaad sach. Hai bhi sach, Nanak, hosi bhi sach." ~  Guru Nanak Jee.  - Translation: truth is the beginning and the end. Nanak, truth is now and truth is all there will be tomorrow. 
 Popularity Site Meter 
 
 1,880,625 hits 
 
 Roman Sindhi Dictionary 
 
 To visit Roman Sindhi Dictionary at Glosbe, please   CLICK HERE 
 OUR BELIEFS: 
 
We believe that we can change the world. Yes, we do. 
WE BELIEVE IN WOMEN RIGHTS- Woman is an Independent Human being to take decision on her life. 
We believe in making the world a safer place to live in & spread love & peace. 
We have; 
No any profit motives. 
No government intervention and influence. 
No prejudice & jealousy to others. 
 Our Slogan is:  All Nations, All Races, All Creeds have same dreams and same needs. 
 This slideshow requires JavaScript. 
 M. A. Jinnah's Speech 
 
"You are free; you are free to go to your temples, you are free to go to your mosques or to any other place of worship in this State of Pakistan. You may belong to any religion or caste or creed – that has nothing to do with the business of the State." - Founder of Pakistan - M. A. Jinnah. 
 “Minorities to whichever community they may belong, will be safeguarded. Their religion of faith or belief will be secure. There will be no interference of any kind with their freedom of worship. They will have their protection with regard to their religion, faith, their life, and their culture. They will be, in all respects, the equal citizens of Pakistan without any distinction of caste or creed.” ~ M. A. JINNAH, July 14, 1947, at a press conference in New Delhi. 
 "Education is the most powerful weapon we can use to change the world." ~ Nelson Mandela 
 visitors at this time 
 
 Flickr Photos 
 
  More Photos  
 Express yourself (Comments) 
 
 
 
 
 Chitkara University…  on  Pakistani universities climbin… 
 
 
 
 
 
 saif  on  Some bitter facts about late G… 
 
 
 
 Libya – Indus Asia O…  on  The Truth About Islam 
 
 
 
 Libya – Indus Asia O…  on  Pakistan still global jihad hu… 
 
 
 
 Libya – Indus Asia O…  on  Obama's Bluff by George… 
 
 
 
 Libya – Indus Asia O…  on  Having Saved Syria, Putin Now… 
 
 
 
 wuoivjaffh  on  Simple arithmetic — Mir Mohamm… 
 
 
 
 Mohammad Hashim Memo…  on  Laxman Komal’s Autobiography L… 
 
 
 
 wieliczko.eu  on  Karachi is my city, my home 
 
 
 
 waterfallmagazine.co…  on  Dialects of Sindhi language 
 
 
 
 Sufi Orders in Pakis…  on  Who Is Our Hero : Raja Daher o… 
 
 
 Iltaf on  4th March: Sindhi Struggle day… 
 
 
 
 
 Rusty  on  Wiki in Pakistan: Filling in t… 
 
 
 
 Mehboob Raza  on  Sindhi daily still in India 
 
 
 mustafa sindhi on  Sindhi daily still in India 
 
 
 
 
 Imagine - John Lennon 
 Imagine there's no heaven 
It's easy if you try 
No hell below us 
Above us only sky 
Imagine all the people 
Living for today... 
 Imagine there's no countries 
It isn't hard to do 
Nothing to kill or die for 
And no religion too 
Imagine all the people 
Living life in peace... 
 You may say I'm a dreamer 
But I'm not the only one 
I hope someday you'll join us 
And the world will be as one 
 Imagine no possessions 
I wonder if you can 
No need for greed or hunger 
A brotherhood of man 
Imagine all the people 
Sharing all the world... 
 You may say I'm a dreamer 
But I'm not the only one 
I hope someday you'll join us 
And the world will live as one. 
- John Lennon. 
 SINDH BREATHS WHEN RIVER INDUS GUSH.- Shah Latif 
 Baba Bulle Shah  -Masjid dhaa de, Mandir dhaa de, Dhaa de jo kuch dhenda, 
Par kissi da dil na dha vee, Rab dilla wich﻿ rehnda hae 
Translation - Destroy a mosque, destroy a temple, destroy everything in sight. But don't break a human heart, for that is where God resides -  -Baba Bulle Shah 
 Utho meri dunya ke gariboN ko jagA do, KAkh-e-umrA ke dar-o-deewAr hilA do, Jis khet se dehkAN ko muyassar na ho rozi, Us khet ke har khosha-e-gandam ko jalA do  Poet Iqbal (1877-1938) 
 AWWAL ALLAH NOOR UPAYA, KUDRAT KAY SABH BANDEY. EK NOOR TAY SABH JAG UPAJIYA, KAUN BHALAY KO MANDEY 
Translation - PEACE IS ALLAH, PEACE IS GOD, PEACE IS BHAGWAN. WITHOUT PEACE, EVERY HUMAN, BECOMES BEAST. -  Kabir, from Guru Granth ji 
 Our vision: Together we make a difference! 
 
Indus Asia Online Journal is a common platform & global voice of the community. It's vision is to help bring positive changes & improvements in all spheres of life. 
 Monday to Friday we have new interesting postings 
 
 
 
 January 2021 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 
 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 
 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 
 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 31 
 
 
 
 « Oct 
 About us 
 
 In books I have traveled, not only to other worlds, but into my own. I learned who I was and who I wanted to be, what I might aspire to, and what I might dare to dream about my world and myself. But I felt that I, too, existed much of the time in a different dimension from everyone else I knew. There was waking, and there was sleeping. And then there were books, a kind of parallel universe in which anything might happen and frequently did, a universe in which I might be a newcomer but was never really a stranger. My real, true world. My perfect island.  -(ANNA QUINDLEN) 
In the past I have been jack of all trades- Now my activity is bloging. My off time after my office/job/ is spent mostly with my family [wife & two children (son & daughter). I believe in positive mental attitude and dedication. I am living in Canada and my destiny is hope. " 
... and the Truth will set you free." - John 8:32 
Editor-Moderator, IAOJ 
 Voltaire 
 "I disapprove of what you say, but I will defend to the death your right to say it" ~ Voltaire 
 Most Hot & Active Posts 
 
 Balochi song - (with lyrics translation) 
 Lemon Juice Eradicate my Chronic Hepatitis B 
 General Zia's involvement in drug trafficking 
 Remembering Shaikh Ayaz - "They wanted to take me to "chita" but the rain fall occurred in "shamshan" 
 Easter Island - Indus Valley Scripts 
 Use of Blasphemy Law for Murder in Pakistan 
 Conflict between Sindh and Punjab - Is it real or unreal? 
 Hypatia 
 Naked girls plough fields in India for rain 
 Kashmir Peoples Right of Self-determination Celebrated 
 
 
 Balochistan   Culture   Current Issues   Economy   Entertainment   Food   Health   History   Human Rights   India   International   Islamabad   Kashmir   Khyber Pakhtunkhwa   Life   Media   Music   News   Pakistan   Personalities   Politics   Punjab   Random   Religion   Science   Sindh   Sindhi   Uncategorized   Video 
 Altaf Shaikh Corner 
 
 Altaf Shaikh Columns 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Agha Ji Otaq 
 All Things Pakistan 
 Answers dot com 
 Chandiramani Roman Sindhi Script 
 Color Charts 
 Dictionary 
 Economic Literacy & Budget Accountability for Governance 
 Google Document 
 Indus Roman Sindhi Dictionary 
 Karachi Is My City My Home 
 MQM WATCH 
 Nanowrimo 
 Political News 
 Roman Urdu to Urdu 
 Romi Forum 
 Samma 
 Sindh Institue of Urology 
 Sindh Salamat 
 Sindh Talk 
 Sindh-Punjab Water Dispute 
 Sindhi Kitab 
 Sindhi Life 
 Sindhi Online dictionary 
 Sindhi Wikipedia 
 SindhiShaan 
 Sollywood 
 Sufi 
 Syed Adeeb 
 Talpurs of Sindh 
 The Food Allergy Network 
 The Nutritional Monitoring System 
 Tor Browser 
 Tufts University Nutrition 
 urdu dictionary 
 Ustad Bukhari 
 Z. A. Bhutto 
 
 Computing 
 
 Kompozer HTML editor 
 Learn about HTML & other programmings 
 Live Writer to insert tables into a Blog post 
 Sindhi Text Rcognizer 
 
 Free Online Books 
 
 Book: Harvest will come by Iqbal Tareen 
 
 Human Rights 
 
 Human Rights Defence 
 Human Rights Watch 
 Social media blocked by Govt. Use this 
 
 Media Links 
 
 BBC News 
 BBC- Islam & Taliban: An Interview worth listening 
 Daily Dawn 
 Daily Howler 
 Deutsche Welle Germany 
 Documentary Videos 
 Google News 
 Media Matters 
 New York Times 
 Science, Engineering and Technology database 
 Seens from Pakistan 
 Sindhi Film.com 
 Stars and Stripes 
 The Economist 
 The guardian 
 Washington Post 
 
 Pakistani Newspapers & blogs 
 
 Aalmi Akhbar 
 BBC Urdu 
 BBC- Islam & Taliban: An Interview worth listening 
 Daily Jang 
 Frontier Post 
 How to write in Urdu 
 IAOJ Polls 
 Link to Constitution of Pakistan 
 Mahmood Sham 
 Marvi Sirmed 
 Naseem Kousar 
 Nazir Abbasi (BBC urdu) 
 Pak Tea House 
 Pakistan Christian Post 
 Pakistan Desk 
 Pakistan Politics 
 Pashtun Voice 
 Peshawar Statesman 
 Roman Urdu to Urdu 
 Science Ki Dunya 
 Sindh Telegraph 
 Student Unions in Paksitan 
 The Baloch Hal 
 The Ehtisham Review 
 Urdu Online dictionary 
 Vertual Keyboard in Urdu 
 View Point Online 
 Voice of America 
 Wichaar.com 
 
 Personalities 
 
 A True Bhutto 
 Bhaghvanti Navani - Well known voice of Sindhi songs. 
 Fatima Bhutto 
 Naseem Kousar 
 U.N. report and Benazir Assassination- BBC urdu 
 UN Report of Benazir bhutto's Assassination 
 UN report on Benazir : Challenge For Govt 
 
 Roman Sindhi 
 
 English to Roman Sindhi dictionary 
 Indus Roman Sindhi (Sindhu Roman Sindhi) 
 Indus Roman Sindhi Alphabet 
 Indus Roman Sindhi blog 
 Indus Roman Sindhi Dictionary 
 Indus Roman Sindhi Exceptions 
 Indus Roman Sindhi Extended Elongation 
 Indus Roman Sindhi Script at Wikipedia 
 More about Indus Roman Sindhi Script 
 Numbers in Romanized Sindhi 
 Roman Sindhi words 
 Romanisation of Sindhi 
 Short sentences in Indus Roman Sindhi Script 
 Sindhi Romanized numbers in words 
 
 Search Engines 
 
 Google Search engine 
 Sindhi Dictionary 
 Wolframalpha Search Engine 
 Yahoo Search engine 
 
 Sind’s Recent History 
 
 61 YEARS OF INJUSTICE WITH SINDHIS- BBC report 
 A Leaf From the History of Sindh 
 Comrade Hyder Bukhsh Jatoi 
 Harvest will come 
 How did they start conspiring against the Sindhis and their institutions?- BBC 
 Mohan Jo Daro Script 
 Pakistan: Govt. exposed (BBC) 
 Pakistan: Punjab- Sindh relations.. Analysis - by Dilshad Bhutto 
 Poltical Movements of Sindh after Partition 
 Sindh's Participation in freedom uprising of 1857 
 The compulsion of History 
 
 Sindhi Computing 
 
 Download 30 MB Sindi fonts 
 English to Roman Sindhi dictionary 
 Roman Urdu to Urdu 
 Sindhi Dictionary 
 Sindhi Localization 
 Sindhi Online dictionary 
 Sindhi OpenPad 
 Sindhi Text Rcognizer 
 Sindhi Wiktionary 
 Write Sindhi On Internet 
 
 Sindhi Media 
 
 Daily Awamiawaz 
 IAOJ Polls 
 Sindh TV 
 Sindhi Daily Ibrat 
 Sindhi Daily Kawish 
 Sindhi Sagat TV 
 SindhiShaan 
 
 Sindhi Resources 
 
 Bhaghvanti Navani - Well known voice of Sindhi songs. 
 Book’s on Sindh’s History 
 Downlaod Shah Jo Risalo (English) 
 Encyclopedia Sindhiana 
 English to Roman Sindhi dictionary 
 G. M. Syed 
 Google Sindh 
 Govt. of Sindh 
 Gul Hayat Institute 
 Harvest will come 
 Historic Karachi 
 History of Sindh 
 Indus Roman Sindhi (Sindhu Roman Sindhi) 
 Indus Roman Sindhi Dictionary 
 Jennifer Cole's work for Sindhi Language 
 Learn Sindhi 
 Let's Learn Sindhi 
 Omniglot: Sindhi Writing System 
 Online Sindhi Dictionaries 
 Photo Gallery of Sindh 
 Pictorial Sindh 
 Portal of Online Sindhi Learning 
 Romanisation of Sindhi 
 SANA 
 SANA Souvenir 2010 
 Sindh Education Foundation 
 Sindh Institue of Urology 
 Sindh Local Govt. Dept. 
 Sindh Mag 
 Sindh Medical College, Karachi 
 Sindh Net Work 
 Sindh Sabha Website 
 Sindh University 
 Sindh Wild Life 
 Sindh-Punjab Water Dispute 
 Sindh2UK 
 Sindhi Adabi Board Online Library 
 Sindhi American Action Committee 
 Sindhi Audio 
 Sindhi Boli Sahit Sabha 
 Sindhi Dictionary 
 Sindhi Film.com 
 Sindhi Language 
 Sindhi Language in India BBC urdu 
 Sindhi Language Resources 
 Sindhi Links 
 Sindhi Localization 
 Sindhi On-line Dictionary 
 Sindhi Online dictionary 
 Sindhi OpenPad 
 
 Think Tanks 
 
 Center for Strategic and International Studies 
 Council on Foreign Relations 
 Foreign Affairs 
 General Yahya - 1971 Bengali massacre 
 George C. Marshall Center 
 Goethe 
 Institue of Peace & Conflict Studies 
 Matrix Group International 
 Partition of subcontinent & retributive genocide 
 Project on Defense Alternatives 
 RARRE 
 
 Disclaimer 
 You are using this web page just for viewing purpose only. All users are using this blog at their own risk and agree not hold "IAOJ" liable for any thing resulting from visiting of this blog or any other blog maintained by IAOJ. 
 "IAOJ" is not responsible for any content linked to or refered to. All videos, Live Tvs, blogs or videos links point to content hosted on third party websites or we are using third party links. "IOAJ" does not accept responsibility for content hosted on other websites. 
"IAOJ" acts as personal Journal, blog or diary . Under no circumstances shall "IAOJ" be responsible for anything or otherwise whatsoever. 
The views & opinions expressed on this blog are in no way representative of the views or opinions of the blog. 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 439 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Indus Roman Sindhi Script रोमन सिंधी लिपि رومن سنڌي اسڪرپٽ 
 
 Indus Roman Sindhi is same as Sindhi, the only difference is script used. Through Indus Roman Sindhi Script anyone can read and write the Sindhi language through English alphabet. 
 To learn more about Roman Sindhi Script, please   CLICK HERE 
 Name of Excellence in alternative & borderless journalism.Together we stitch the world & make a difference. Leading today for tomorrow. Sindh lives here 
 Bhalee karay aaya (Welcome at IAOJ) 
 Indus Asia Online Journal is a moderate or a progressive blog or you can call a liberal blog, which focuses on the thoughts and to discuss on socio economic political and geo-political conditions of the world. 
However, "IAOJ" encourages publishing about current affairs, human rights, analysis on issues, multicultural and community activities, history, life experiences, sharing photos, famous personalities, & jokes etc. 
 We don't support any party & we post opinion articles supporting both left & right wing for awareness & understanding of the issues . In this way we want spark debate & discussion. Indus Asia Online Journal is not here to push any particular political agenda or blindly support any party. 
 We believe strength lies in dedication and team work. 
 For us silence is no longer a solution towards our social & political issues. When politics decides your future! You should decide your politics! 
 "IAOJ" brings you briefs on geo-politics from around the world. We gather information and insights from multiple sources and presents to you to quench your Thirst for right perspective with right information at right time. 
 Disclaimer 
 You are using this web page just for viewing purpose only. All users are using this blog at their own risk and agree not hold "IAOJ" liable for any thing resulting from visiting of this blog or any other blog maintained by IAOJ. 
 "IAOJ" is not responsible for any content linked to or refered to. All videos, Live Tvs, blogs or videos links point to content hosted on third party websites or we are using third party links. "IOAJ" does not accept responsibility for content hosted on other websites. 
"IAOJ" acts as personal Journal, blog or diary . Under no circumstances shall "IAOJ" be responsible for anything or otherwise whatsoever. 
The views & opinions expressed on this blog are in no way representative of the views or opinions of the blog. 
All-information we may publish here sincerely with little editing, for the reasons to improve the quality of discussion, while giving the maximum room for freedom of expression, clarity & space and it deemed reliable but not guaranteed and should be independently verified. 
 Health Issues 
Articles on health issues are not intended to treat, diagnose or prescribe a cure for any health problem. The information contained herein is in no way to be considered as a substitute for your own inner guidance or consultation with a duly licensed health- care professional. 
I am not an expert on this or any other issues. I am a citizen journalist. My views on this and other blogs are just my personal views and they could be wrong. 
The material on this blog is just to create awareness, debate, dialogue, interaction and understanding in people on different issues of politics, economics, human rights, environmental, social justice, democracy, Science, culture, history and different philosophies of the world without any profit basis. 
 We believe in humanity, diversity and fairness and we are not against any nation, religion, race, colour or country. And also we believe in a manner full debate, pluralism and tolerance. We have no pretension nor illusions but the motivation to see our world as a better place. 
 Indus Asia Online Journal, iaoj, is a public forum of the oppressed people, communities, nations and it provides opportunity to its users and readers to share their views with community /public at large. Therefore, IAOJ is not responsible for the contents, we receive information from several unidentified sources including e-groups, facebook, twitter, internet and e-mails. Neither the email address nor the name of the sender verified. 
 Your critical feed back & courteous arguments are always welcome. 
 
 >More- click here 
 
 - Editor & Moderator, IAOJ. 
 SAVE INDUS RIVER 
 HOW COME BAGLIHAR DAM WRONG & KALABAGH DAM RIGHT? “WHEN INDIA DIVERTS PAKISTAN’S WATER, IT IS A TRAVESTY OF JUSTICE UNDER INTERNATIONAL RIVER LAW, WHEN PUNJAB DOES THE SAME TO SINDH, IT IS DEEMED NECESSARY FOR THE DEVELOPMENT OF PAKISTAN.”.- Humaira Rahman, a Sindhi-Canadian environmentalist. 
 "IF YOU WANT TO KILL RIVER BUILDING DAMS IS THE BEST WAY TO DO IT." - CANADIAN DOCUMENTARY MAKER MICHAEL BUCKLEY. 
 UNIVERSAL DECLARATION OF HUMAN RIGHTS 
 - All human beings are born free and equal in dignity and rights. 
- Every one has the right to freedom of opinion & expression this right includes freedom to hold opinions without interference & to seek, receive & impart information and ideas through any media & regardless of frontiers ... 
 
 Read more- UNIVERSAL DECLARATION OF HUMAN RIGHTS 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Graduate Seminar on Pakistan's Water Challenges: Need for Integrated Water Resources Management held at USPCAS-W MUET 
 Destruction Of Indus Delta As A Result Of Dams On Rivers In Pakistan 
 Indus River: Water Scarcity And The Conflict Between Sindh And Punjab 
 Sindh-Punjab Water Dispute 
 The role of women in Sindhi society 
 
 Rabindranath Tagore 
 Where the mind is without fear and the head is held high; Where knowledge is free; Where the world has not been broken up into fragments by narrow domestic walls; Where the words come out from the depth of truth; Where tireless striving stretches its arms towards perfection; Where the clear stream of reason has not lost its way into the dreary desert sand of dead habit; Where the mind is led forward by Thee into ever-widening thought and action-- Into that heaven of freedom, my Father, let my country awake. ~ Rabindranath Tagore 
 The process of change 
 - [You cannot expect change to happen overnight. The process of change is slow and gradual. It is a work in progress all the time. It happens through legislation, it happens through social transformation, attitude change, and mindset change. So it is indeed a work in progress all the time. You have to keep working on it, without worrying too much to see the outcome in your lifetime....Kaifi Azmi] 
- [Change can come in either of two important ways: start behaving positively or stop behaving negatively- Dr. Phill] 
- [Freedom cannot exist without discipline, self-discipline, and rights cannot exist without duties. Those who do not observe their duties do not deserve their rights. - Oriana Fallaci.] 
 Amar Fayaz Buriro - "Sky's The Limit" 
 Amar Fayaz 
 Amar has endeavoured to bring this latest technology to the service of major Pakistani languages such as Sindhi & urdu. He realized that, these languages of his country faced formidable challenges due to non-compatibility with browsers designed especially for the handheld devices such as tablets and cellphones. One of the major issues so far as Urdu was concerned was the use of the traditionally preferred Nastaleeq style on the web. Finally he was able to create the first Web based Nastaleeq font “Amar Nastaleeq”, which is a lightweight font that allows robust and reliable conversion to various embeddable formats for use across major OS’s, browsers and devices. Meanwhile, he also worked at localizing the world’s leading CMS Joomla for Urdu and Sindhi. Today he is developer of more than 50 multilingual & complex websites (including this) which use advanced PHP programming. He also found that majority of the programmers and web developers in our country use nulled versions, cracked software and pirated scripts. This unfortunately is the major cause why most of the websites get hacked and the database management has security issues. Deviating from this practice, he chose to use neat and clean programming and licensed scripts. 
Read more about  Amar Fayaz  »  Click Here 
 The Earth 
 Our planet doesn't come with a spare. We all have a choice we can continue to drain natural resources while creating more and more pollution or we can make a change we can.. And until we find another planet Earth. 
 Tao Te Ching (4th cent. BCE) 
 Weapons are the tools of violence; 
all decent men detest them. 
 Weapons are the tools of fear; 
a decent man will avoid them 
except in the direst necessity 
and, if compelled, will use them 
only with the utmost restraint. 
Peace is his highest value. 
If the peace has been shattered, 
how can he be content? 
His enemies are not demons, 
but human beings like himself. 
He doesn't wish them personal harm. 
Nor does he rejoice in victory. 
How could he rejoice in victory 
and delight in the slaughter of men? 
 He enters a battle gravely, 
with sorrow and with great compassion, 
as if he were attending a funeral. 
--Tao Te Ching (4th cent. BCE) 
   BBC News 
 
 Coronavirus: EU demands UK-made AstraZeneca vaccine doses 
 
 The bloc says UK plants are obliged to help make up for possible shortfalls in EU production. 
 
 Hogging Covid vaccines endangers all nations, warns South Africa expert 
 
 No countries are safe until all are vaccinated, a leading Covid-19 adviser in South Africa says. 
 
 Apple Christmas sales surge to $111bn amid pandemic 
 
 Families loaded up on the latest technology and sales increased in China. 
 Archives 
 Archives Select Month October 2018  September 2018  August 2018  July 2018  June 2018  May 2018  April 2018  March 2018  February 2018  September 2017  August 2017  July 2017  June 2017  May 2017  April 2017  March 2017  February 2017  January 2017  December 2016  November 2016  October 2016  September 2016  August 2016  July 2016  June 2016  May 2016  April 2016  March 2016  February 2016  January 2016  December 2015  November 2015  October 2015  September 2015  August 2015  July 2015  June 2015  May 2015  April 2015  March 2015  February 2015  January 2015  December 2014  November 2014  October 2014  September 2014  August 2014  July 2014  June 2014  May 2014  April 2014  March 2014  February 2014  January 2014  December 2013  November 2013  October 2013  September 2013  August 2013  July 2013  June 2013  May 2013  April 2013  March 2013  February 2013  January 2013  December 2012  November 2012  October 2012  September 2012  August 2012  July 2012  June 2012  May 2012  April 2012  March 2012  February 2012  January 2012  December 2011  November 2011  October 2011  September 2011  August 2011  July 2011  June 2011  May 2011  April 2011  March 2011  February 2011  January 2011  December 2010  November 2010  October 2010  September 2010  August 2010  July 2010  June 2010  May 2010  April 2010  March 2010  February 2010  January 2010  December 2009  November 2009  October 2009  September 2009  August 2009  July 2009  June 2009  May 2009  April 2009  March 2009  February 2009  January 2009  December 2008  November 2008  October 2008  September 2008  August 2008  July 2008  June 2008  May 2008  April 2008  March 2008  February 2008  January 2008  December 2007  November 2007  October 2007  September 2007  Search for: 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
