
 Menu 
 
 HOME 
 WORK FROM HOME 
 
 __200+ Best Work From Home Jobs 
 __Virtual Assistant Jobs 
 __Proofreading Jobs 
 __Transcription Jobs 
 __Stay at Home Mom Jobs 
 __Online Tutoring Jobs 
 __Delivery Driver App Jobs 
 __Search Engine Evaluator Jobs 
 
 
 MAKE MONEY 
 
 __Make Money From Home 
 __Make Money Online With PayPal 
 __Proven Passive Income Ideas 
 __Make Extra Money From Home 
 
 
 EXTRA CASH 
 
 __Money Making Apps 
 __How To Make Money Doing Surveys 
 __USA Paid Online Surveys 
 __UK Paid Online Surveys 
 
 
 BLOG 
 
 19 Genuine Online Data Entry Jobs Without Investment 
 Work From Home Jobs  November 23, 2020 
 This post may contain affiliate links. Please read our affiliate disclosure  to learn more. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 14shares 
 Looking for genuine online data entry jobs without investment? There are plenty of data entry jobs from home without investment. Keep reading to find out! 
 Data entry is one of the many online working opportunities you can do to generate income. The good thing is it doesn't matter what your background is; you can do online data entry jobs despite who you are. 
 Whether you are a student, someone looking for extra money to supplement your 9-5 job, a stay-at-home mom, or just somebody looking for work-at-home opportunities, online data entry jobs can be a good bet for you. 
 And why do I say they are a good bet? 
 It is because you do not need to invest a lot when getting started. If you don't have the capital to start a business, give online data entry jobs from home a try. 
 But only telling you they are a good bet is not enough. In this article, I will tell you where exactly to find genuine online data entry jobs without investment. All these data entry jobs online are free to join. 
 Before we get to the online data entry jobs websites, you probably want to know what you will earn and what you need to start the job, yes? I got you covered below. 
 How Can I do Online Data Entry Jobs at Home? 
 First, you need to have a computer to get started with most online data entry jobs. Okay, you can do some of these jobs that can be done with a phone. Using a phone is possible, but it can be pretty strenuous. If you want to make the most out of these jobs, you need a computer. 
 Also, it would be best if you had a stable internet connection for these jobs. 
 With an internet connection and a computer, the next step is to look for the actual jobs. Ensure that the websites you work for are legit. There are a lot of scams out to swindle you. Luckily for you, I only discuss legit online data entry websites. 
 And how much will make doing these data entry jobs? 
 How much can I make doing online data entry jobs? 
 What you earn from data entry jobs will depend on your skills, how much time you put in, and the gig you are working on. However, according to Payscale, most data entry jobs pay between $10 and $17 per hour. On average, Americans doing online data entry jobs earn $12 per hour. 
 Now, time to get down to real business. Here is a list of online data entry jobs, categorized into groups. Let's get started, shall we? 
 Legit online data entry jobs with free registration 
 Don't forget to also check out:  20+ Online Typing Jobs With Free Registration 
 Data Entry Keyers Jobs 
 When people hear of a data entry job, this is the category that quickly crosses their mind. This category involves extracting information from documents and transforming it into easy to interpret forms. You can extract information from medical transcripts, academic documents, and typing out the information on the MS Excel spreadsheet. 
 So, in simpler terms, your job will entail: 
 
 Extracting information from documents 
 Filling out information in databases like Excel spreadsheets or companies' databases or templates 
 Ensuring accuracy in everything you do 
 
 On average, data entry keyers make $10-$15 per hour. 
 Here are some companies you can find data entry keyer jobs: 
 1. Axion Data Entry Services 
 Axion Data Entry Services  is one of the most loved companies when it comes to data keying. They mostly have opportunities for long-term projects. You may, however, need to have a background in data entry. If your corporate job entailed data entry, statistics, and data science, consider signing up for Axion Data Entry Services. 
 You also need to have a typing speed of 50wpm to be accepted. 
 Most employees make $10-$15 per hour working on this site. 
 2. DionData Solutions 
 If you are looking for data keying jobs as an independent contractor,  DionData solutions  may be a good option for you. 
 To get accepted, you need basic computer skills and a typing speed of 60wpm. 
 What I love most about DionData Solution? They provide training after they hire you. You, therefore, need no experience to get accepted on DionData. 
 3. DataPlus+ 
 DataPlus+  offers document scanning and data entry gigs. The work you get will entail entering paper data into databases. 
 When you join this site, expect a lot of gigs from the law and legal field. You, therefore, may have to pass a background check before you get hired. 
 4. Working Solutions 
 Working Solutions  is a site that hires independent data entry keyers. This site hires from the entire world. 
 You will be paid per project you handle, fortnightly. You can also find editing and call center jobs in Working Solutions. 
 Data Entry Jobs That Involve  Converting Image To Text 
 Don't forget:  17 Best Online Jobs For College Students With No Experience 
 Another online data entry job you can take without investing is converting images to texts. These images will include screenshots. Your work will be to read the images and type it out in Microsoft Word. 
 You have to be super-accurate while transforming the image into text. Most gigs and sites will need you to be over 99.99% accurate. 
 Converting an image to text will pay you $3-$4. You can convert up to approximately 25 files of such per day. 
 5. Motive Jobs 
 Motive Jobs  offers text typing jobs remotely. Most clients are magazine groups, newspapers, online publishing houses, book writers, corporate companies, students, and website and blog owners. 
 Most gigs here will pay you anything between $5 and $10 per page. 
 6. ClickIndia 
 ClickIndia  mostly focuses on hiring people in India. You can sign up and convert images into texts. The site will allow you to search for jobs based on cities and different keywords. 
 You can also choose which type of job you want; like government jobs, part-time jobs, and work from home jobs. 
 Data Entry Jobs That Involve Converting Audio to Text 
 This is popularly called 'transcription.' It involves listening to audio and typing out what you hear on word processing software. 
 It's good to have noise-canceling headphones to convert audio to text. Some of the things you might be required to convert to text include conferences, sermons, lectures, speeches, and interviews. 
 Here are some sites to find transcription gigs: 
 7. Scribie 
 If you are a beginner looking to work as a transcriptionist, consider signing up on  Scribie . Most gigs here pay between $5 and $25 per hour-long audio. 
 You will have to pass a paid test before your account is approved. After your account is approved, you will have to have a verified PayPal account before accessing the job board. 
 8. Rev Transcription 
 Rev Transcription  is a popular site for both experienced and beginning transcriptionists. Most audios here will revolve around the human resource domain, academic, and business fields. 
 It is loved because of the weekly pay via PayPal. The gigs will pay you anything between $8 and $18 per hour-long audio. 
 You need to ace a test to get approved. 
 9. Speechpad 
 Speechpad  is a transcription site that hires from all over the world. Most of the files on Speechpad are interview files. 
 Signing up on Speechpad is pretty simple. You, however, have to pass a test before you get approved. 
 Speechpad pays biweekly, via PayPal. You will receive bonuses if clients rate you highly. 
 Read more:  30 Best Online Transcription Jobs From Home 
 Get This Transcription Training! 
 If you’re wondering whether or not transcription is a smart career move for you,  check out this FREE mini course on transcription foundations . It will help you understand why transcription is an in-demand skill in today’s digital world and help you get started on the right foot. 
 
 Click here to enroll in the FREE Transcription mini course . 
 Captcha Resolving Online Data Entry Jobs Without Investment 
 Captchas are puzzles that contain images, numbers, and texts that are solved to prevent spamming. You have probably solved captchas on the internet to get access to some sites. 
 Solving a captcha takes an average of 3-5 seconds. Solving one captcha pays 1-2 cents. With experience and more speed, you can make approximately $15 per hour. 
 And why would someone hire you to solve simple Captchas, yet they can do it in less than 5 seconds? Some companies need to sign up to sites in huge numbers. No technology does that, because the idea behind captchas is to prove you are human and not a robot. 
 Here are some sites that pay people to solve captchas. 
 10. FastTypers 
 FastTypers  will pay you $1.5 for solving 1000 captchas. With accuracy and speed, you can definitely make some good money here. 
 However, if you want to make the most out of your time, solve captchas between midnight and 5 am. The solving rate at this time is usually higher. 
 11. 2Captcha 
 2Captcha  is one of the best-paying sites when it comes to captcha resolving. Besides, you will receive bonuses for solving complex captchas. 
 With 2Captcha, you can cash out whenever you want after accumulating more than $1. You can also refer your friends to this site for more earnings. 
 Email Management Data Entry Jobs 
 There are a lot of companies that hire people to help them manage their huge bulk of emails. For this job, you will send emails, read emails and reply, sought legit emails from spam, and so on. 
 The good thing is, you do not need any work experience. A computer and a stable internet connection should help you get started. 
 12. Email Processing Jobs 
 Email Processing Jobs  hires people from over 200 countries. You will help manage bulky emails from big companies. 
 According to their site, people on this site earn approximately $15 per day for working for a maximum of 2 hours per day. Some of the top earners on this site are claimed to make up to $50 per day. 
 The good thing is, this site does not require you to have any experience in email management. Also, you need no software for you to work on the emails. 
 Data Formatting Jobs 
 Data Formatting involves formatting documents or files. It entails less typing and more formatting. 
 Usually, you will land gigs to format documents on Microsoft Word. However, you can also format content on other software such as Excel. 
 Formatting will involve arranging work into paragraphs and aligning them, inserting needed bullets, detention, and taking care of the font types and sizes. 
 13. Simply Hired 
 Simply Hired  is a site that hires people to work on different kinds of jobs from home. You need to sign up using your Google account to get started. 
 Once you sign in, you will find a lot of data formatting jobs on the job board. You, however, have to be good with Excel. Most of the job formatting jobs here will involve formatting Excel documents. 
 The good thing is all the requirements are listed on the job. All the information and details concerning the job are also listed. You, therefore, apply to know what you are getting into. 
 Answering Online Surveys 
 Online surveys are one way to earn some extra cash. Companies will want to use their customer's feedback to improve their good and services. This is why they pay consumers to answer some questions. 
 You can make up to $30 per month for just answering surveys on some of the topmost survey companies. Check them out below. 
 14. Swagbucks 
 Swagbucks remains one of the most popular get-paid-to sites. Swagbucks has been paying people to complete online surveys and complete other simple tasks for over a decade. 
 You will earn some points for every task you complete, usually called 'SB.' You can redeem the SB to gift cards or PayPal cash. You will also make $5 for just signing up and verifying your account. 
 Swagbucks accepts members from most European and American countries. They accept members from most Asian countries and some African Countries. 
 Click here join Swagbucks & get your $10 bonus 
 15. Survey Junkie 
 Survey Junkie is a site that hires Canadians, Australians, and Americans to complete surveys and participate in focus group interviews. Also, you can earn some pretty good money for testing products on Survey Junkie. 
 Focus Group interviews, however, are the most lucrative because they can make you up to a cool $100. Signing up will earn you $1.50. 
 Click here to join Survey Junkie 
 16. InboxDollars 
 InboxDollars is another site that hires people to complete surveys. They mostly hire American members, but sometimes people from all over the world. 
 Answering surveys is the main way to make some cash here, but you can also make money playing games, reading emails, watching videos, and shopping via their portal. 
 You will earn a free $5 for just signing up. 
 Most people earn anything between $10 and $60 per month. 
 Click here to join InboxDollars & get your $5 bonus 
 Micro Jobs Websites 
 Micro jobs are usually short and simple tasks that can be done either in-person or online. They will entail helping people with any tasks that they help with. 
 They may include writing, website designs, and running errands in-person. 
 Here are some sites that you can find micro jobs 
 17. Amazon Mechanical Turk 
 Amazon Mechanical Turk  has all sorts of micro-jobs. You can answer surveys, write, content moderation, data validation, and even research. Here, you will also find human intelligence tasks you can complete. 
 The tasks here are basically what humans can perform, but computers and technology cannot. 
 Most of the tasks will pay you some cents to complete. However, they are so simple, and you can complete them in a few tasks. 
 Copy and Paste Jobs 
 These are simple tasks that involve copy content from one place and pasting to another. For example, you can copy content from a server or database and paste into an online content management software such as blogs. 
 Copy and pasting are pretty straightforward. You do not need an education and experience to do this. Here are some sites that will outsource copy and pasting gigs. 
 18. PeoplePerHour 
 PeoplePerHour  is a freelancers' marketplace that has thousands of freelancers working in the copy and pasting domain. 
 The rates of this UK-based company are competitive. Working a few hours per day in the copy and pasting domain will earn you up to £12 per hour. 
 19. Fiverr 
 Fiverr  is another top freelancer marketplace. You can sign in on Fiverr as either a seller or a buyer. Sign up as a seller and sell your copy-pasting services. 
 Ensure you set up copy-pasting as one of your gigs. The good thing is, the minimum you can earn per gig here is $5. 
 Ready to ace these online data entry jobs without investment? 
 Most online data entry jobs do not require you to have start-up capital, which is one of the biggest setbacks of starting any business? 
 With the above online data entry jobs, you can start earning without any investment. All these online data entry jobs are free to join. 
 And the good thing is, most of these sites let you work as much as you want and from the comfort of your house. 
 There you go! Sign up on these sites, start doing online data entry jobs, and earn from the comfort of your house. 
 That's it for our list of data entry jobs from home without investment. We hope this was useful and informative. 
 Before you go, we would be glad to hear from you. Have you done any  data entry jobs  before? Do you have experience with any of the companies above? Let us know in the comment box below. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 14shares 
   
 Tags: data entry jobs 
 Related Posts 
   
 70+ Online Jobs Worldwide: Work From Home Anywhere In The World 
 Looking for online jobs that allow you to … 
   
 20 Online Side Jobs to Make Extra Money from Home 
 Are you looking for side jobs online to … 
   
 15 Best Voice Over Jobs From Home 
 Are you looking for voice over jobs from … 
   
 20+ Online Typing Jobs With Free Registration 
 Searching for genuine online typing jobs with free … 
   
 [Interview] Caitlin Pyle On How To Become A Successful Proofreader 
 Are you good at spotting grammatical errors and … 
   
 30 Legit Stay at Home Mom Jobs That Pay Well 
 When Rachel's daughter turned two, she realized that … 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel Reply 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 
 __ 
   
 POPULAR POSTS 
 
   
 
 200+ Best Work From Home Jobs: Top Companies With Remote Jobs 
 
   
 
 25 Real Ways to Make Money From Home & Create A Life You Love 
 
   
 
 10 Best Paid Survey Sites For USA Residents 
 
   
 
 30 Best Online Transcription Jobs From Home 
 
   
 
 7+ Easy Ways To Make Extra Money Working From Home 
 __ __ __ __ 
 Hi and welcome to WorkAtHomeSmart.com! I'm Norbert Juma, passionate about the web & financial freedom. I started this site to be a resource for people looking to work from home and make money online. 
 RECENT POSTS 
 
 
 2020 Work-From-Home Black Friday Offers & Discounts (Big Savings!) 
 
 
 19 Genuine Online Data Entry Jobs Without Investment 
 
 
 Get Paid For Shopping With These Cashback Apps 
 
 
 15 PayPal Games for Money: Earn Money Playing Games Online 
 
 
 20+ Online Typing Jobs With Free Registration 
 
 
 AFFILIATE DISCLOSURE 
 Some of the links on our site are affiliate links, meaning that if you click on one of the links and purchase an item, we may receive a commission. All opinions, however, are our own and we do not accept payments for positive reviews. 
 VISIT US ON SOCIAL MEDIA 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
 Earnings Disclosure 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 WorkAtHomeSmart.com  Copyright (C) 2020. 
 Built with  Magnus 
