Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Teaching Faculty -- Critical Approaches to Diversity in School Counselling 
 City University of Seattle 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Canada:  Part Time Teaching Faculty - Critical Approaches to Diversity in School Counselling 
 Category:  Canadian Positions 
 Department:  School of Education and Leadership 
 Locations:  Victoria, British Columbia 
 Posted:  Oct 26, 2020 
 Closes:  Mar 31, 2022 - 11:59 PM EDT 
 Type:  Part-time 
 Position ID:  125917 
 About City University of Seattle: 
City University of Seattle (CityU) is a distinguished and comprehensive private nonprofit university and an affiliate of the National University System. Aside from its flagship campus and headquarters in Seattle, CityU offers programs in Canada, China, the Czech Republic, Mexico, Slovakia, Switzerland, and Vietnam. CityU has over 20 locations in the Northwest and worldwide. Many of our degree, certificate and endorsement programs are offered online, in-person, mixed-mode and in performance-based formats. 
 CityU staff and faculty are dedicated to providing accessible, achievable higher education to adult learners. As a pioneer in digital learning, we have been delivering online education for over 40 years. CityU is ranked by the U.S. News & World Report among the top for online bachelor's degree programs, and among the top online programs for veterans in the U.S. CityU prides itself on having a completion rate of twice the national average according to data from the Chronicle of Higher Education. 
 Job Description: 
City University of Seattle/Canada is looking for qualified Associate Faculties for the School of Education and Leadership MEd in School Counseling Program. 
 Course Summary: 
ECC646 Critical Approaches to Diversity in School Counselling 
 This course offers an introduction to the theory, ethics and practice of counselling diverse populations in schools. Candidates critically analyze the sociocultural context of counselling and the influence of both counsellor and systemic bias on case conceptualization and treatment planning. Therapeutic cultural competence is developed through rigorous exploration of candidates' culture-bound identities, experiences, values, and beliefs. Topics examined include culture, ethnicity, gender, sexuality, intersectionality, power, privilege, and ethics. 
 Part-time Teaching Faculty at CityU have three key responsibilities: 
 Striving for excellence in teaching and learning, 
Fostering student development, and 
Maintaining currency in their profession. 
 Requirements: 
 Minimum Qualifications: 
Master Degree in Counseling Psychology, PhD preferred. 
Minimum of 5 years experience in senior management level in the K-12 school system, or school district. 
Minimum of 5 years classroom teaching experience. 
Demonstrated ability to provide a learning experience that links application with formal learning and adult learning theory 
Ability to work in a team oriented system, deal effectively with professional staff, other part-time faculty, adult and culturally diverse students 
 Additional Information: 
 Location: 
Victoria, BC 
 Term: 
Spring 2022 starting in April 
 Salary: 
The Part-time Teaching Faculty salary is based on the level of course (graduate, undergraduate, doctoral) and the number of course credits (1-5). 
 Application Instructions: 
 Application Instructions: 
City University of Seattle accepts applications through this online process only. For consideration, please submit a complete application packet. A complete application is one that includes: 
 Completed Electronic Application Form 
Cover letter 
Resume 
 Once you have created a profile, please remember to record your password. If you use the 'Help Desk' feature, responses will be sent to your Interview Exchange account. 
 City University of Seattle is an equal opportunity employer and is continuously working to build a diverse faculty and staff. City University strongly encourages inquiries from all qualified individuals interested in becoming part of the CityU team, including women, Aboriginal peoples, persons with disabilities and members of visible minorities. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
