
 Work with Gretchen 
 Bio 
 E-book 
 
 Goal-oriented Practice 
 
 Book intro 
 Book review 
 Book T of C, p. 1 
 Book T of C, p. 2 
 
 
 
 
 Review 
 Pictures 
 About me 
 Contact form 
 My career path 
 What they're saying 
 
 Gretchen Saathoff 
 ~ Collaborative Pianist/Vocal Coach ~ forging partnerships, making memorable music together 
 Search: 
 My career path 
 
Tanglewood ~ Image via  Wikipedia 
 Home 
 Thanks so much for your interest. 
 People often ask how I came to be a pianist. My short answer has many gaps, so I am using this space to fill in what is missing. 
 There was no "aha!" moment, no "I'm going to be a pianist!" Instead, I capitalized on a series of opportunities. And along the way, playing the piano is what I did most consistently. 
 My parents met in college choir, and both my older brothers and sister took lessons. My sister majored in organ at the University of Michigan, also earning her masters in organ there. Although she has since changed fields, her playing inspired me. 
 We had one recording of Rubinstein at home. Later on, my mother subscribed to the Musical Heritage Society, which sent recordings on a regular (monthly?) basis. What I remember is several harpsichord recordings, along with works of composers like Vivaldi and Telemann. 
 My family occasionally performed, singing in church. However, growing up in Iowa, my exposure to music outside my town was quite limited. 
 Another factor was that, by the time I was a senior in high school, my family had only been to Chicago once. It's not that far away. It had become obvious that if I wanted to see New York, I would have to do it myself. So I took every opportunity leading to something better, and ended up in the East. I've never regretted it! 
 Age 6 through High School 
 
 I began  piano lessons  at age 6 
 In 7th-10th grades, the  University of Iowa  music camp gave me state-wide perspective.  I will always be grateful to my 7th-grade band director  for persuading my parents to allow me to attend. While there, I studied  flute and voice . 
 William Warfield  was the 1st professional singer I heard, in 7th grade. He made such an impression, I had goose bumps! 
 I started  organ lessons  in 9th grade 
 I played organ for church, 10th-12th grades 
 Summer piano and organ lessons at University of Iowa during high school 
 
 College Decision 
 Although I had visited Valparaiso and Wittenberg, I didn't want to attend a church school. The University of Iowa offered me a President's scholarship (free tuition), but I wanted to be further away from home. 
 An older brother had attended  Southern Illinois University/Carbondale  , where he managed the University Choirs. On a visit to campus, I had met the choral director. He promised me the accompanying position for one of the choirs as a freshman, so I decided to enroll there. Beginning the following year, I played for all 5 choirs. 
 Alice Parker 
 
 Freshman year,  Alice Parker  visited to conduct a high school festival. I met her and went out to dinner with a group. 
 Sophomore year, Alice Parker returned for a similar engagement. This time, I was the accompanist. I peppered her with questions. 
 
 Thomas Dunn 's Encouragement 
 
 Thomas Dunn  also came to campus, judging a high school madrigal contest. Afterward, he observed a university Male Glee Club rehearsal, for which I happened to be playing. He took me aside and  asked if I had considered a career as a professional accompanist . I don't think I played the piano particularly well then. But I did know how to  anticipate  during a rehearsal,  giving the pitch early  without being asked. That was a result of  playing liturgical services  in high school. My father, the minister, was 1/2 way across the room. He taught me how to sync with him from that distance and keep the service moving. 
 
 Lessons on the Side 
 
 Also during that year, there was an Artist-in-Residence who was a pianist. When I was asked to play the piano reduction of the  Mozart Requiem  in performance (orchestra was not available), I asked him to help me with the technique required to play a phrase I didn't understand. Then I studied with him on the side. The following year, he moved to  UMass/Amherst  and asked me to come along. My "regular" piano teacher was a theory professor who also played the piano (but piano was not his main focus), so I went with the more professional situation. 
 
 During sophomore year,  Alice Parker  and I corresponded. This contact resulted in an invitation to babysit for her 5 children for the summer in  New York and Massachusetts  , just before I transferred to UMass in September. 
 Changing Schools 
 
 UMass was building the library when I attended orientation. The pouring rain created a mudhole in the center of campus. I had second thoughts about walking through the mud for the next two years. Several people talked me into going through with my decision. 
 
 Joel Krosnick 
 
 Joel Krosnick  , the first terrific cellist I had heard, touched my soul. I asked if I could play for his students. Affirmative! 
 I played for all the university choirs and many student recitals as well. 
 
 Post-graduation 
 
 After graduation I continued to live in Amherst,  teaching 25 students  and going to NY often for concerts. In addition, I played several  auditions for singers and instrumentalists  , mostly in  Boston . 
 
 Aspen 
 
 Being a student at the  Aspen Music Festival  gave me national perspective about my playing. I attended  50 concerts  that summer, as well as open rehearsals of the  Juilliard String Quartet . 
 
 Staff Accompanist 
 
 I auditioned for a staff accompanist position at  Smith College  and was hired. The position provided good experience playing for lessons, doing some coaching, and playing for numerous juries and student recitals. 
 
 Finding Martin Katz 
 
 After auditioning for a masters program in accompanying in the Midwest, I was not admitted. I felt devastated for a while. Then  Jon Humphrey  , for whose students I played at UMass, suggested that I study with  Martin Katz . I had heard him at  Amherst College  not long before. He blew me away, even though it was August. (I thought he would blow it off!) When I found the courage to call, after thinking his phone number would be unlisted, I reached his answering machine. His outgoing message said he was in Santa Fe. So I called the festival, obtained the mailing address, and wrote to him. He replied, saying he couldn't teach me every week ~ I said I didn't care! So it worked out extremely well. I commuted to  New York  every other week for 2 years, arranging for 2-hour lessons to make the travel time worth it. My hands were shaking in every lesson for an entire year! I studied with Martin, both privately and in graduate school, for five years. I have never been sorry. He is the best teacher I've ever had. 
 
 Tanglewood 
 
 I auditioned for the  Tanglewood vocal fellowship program  and was accepted as a  coach . 
 My experience at Tanglewood helped me realize that I needed to improve my coaching ability. The singers there were on my level, and until then I had been working with younger singers. 
 
 Westminster Choir College 
 
 The  Accompanying and Coaching masters degree  at  Westminster Choir College  was accredited in July that summer. I applied in August, 2 weeks before school started! The dean and I spoke many times to finalize my status, with me on the pay phone in the Tanglewood dorm. 
 At Westminster, I sang in the  Symphonic Choir  with the  New York Philharmonic  3 times, participated in classes, lessons, and 3 degree recitals, commuted to  Philadelphia  to play rehearsals for the  Philadelphia Singers  (  Poulenc 's  Figure Humaine   ,  for 14-part double chorus, from open score), went to New York every Wednesday and every weekend, played for singers in auditions, recitals, lessons, classes, and competitions, and snagged coaching sessions with  Joan Dornemann . (Martin Katz threw me his car keys, asking me to drive her to the train station ("and don't leave her alone on the platform") after a class she coached at Westminster. What was I to do, not talk to her? I  never  miss an opportunity, especially when one lands in my lap like that.) 
 I worked  for  Martin Katz for two years. In addition to being his  graduate assistant  at school, he  hired me  to type letters, run errands, answer the phone, return calls, reshelve music, etc. I learned a great deal about the business, which has been extremely helpful in sustaining my career. And I am no longer intimidated when on the phone with Columbia Artists Management, for example. 
 
 After Graduate School 
 
 Where was I going to live following graduate school? For me, it was between New York and Boston. Here's how I made the decision: on a legal pad, I made a list of everyone I knew well enough to sleep on their couch if ConEd turned off the power (it happens). The list for NY was longer. In addition,  Alice Parker  had offered me her maid's room for a year @ $100/month. I benefited greatly from her and her family's insider info on the city. 
 Concert Artists Guild  presented a weekend seminar. I gained invaluable information about furthering and sustaining my career. 
 I played for everything! 
 
 Norman Luboff Choir 
 
 Two years after playing a singer's audition for  Norman Luboff  , during which Norman went out of his way to talk to me, I had the opportunity to go on  tour as pianist for the choir .  Kenneth Cooper  , in only one lesson, gave me ornaments for Monteverdi. Bach and Purcell I could have pulled off, but was unfamiliar with Monteverdi ornamentation. 
 Joan Dornemann  's audition class at  The Met  was fabulous. 
 I jumped at the opportunity to play for lessons in the studios of  Joseph Fuchs  and  Harvey Shapiro . 
 About a year after tour, I founded  Kairos  , a piano trio. We were together for 4-1/2 years, performing 12 concerts/year. 
 
 Joseph Fuchs 
 
 I had the wonderful experience of attending the  Alfred University Summer Chamber Music Institute  twice in upstate New York.  Joseph Fuchs  was the founder and coach. What an inspiration! My trio attended the festival the first summer. We were rehearsing the Brahms  Trio in C Major.  In the theme and variations, the violinist was shy about going with the rubato. I wanted much more freedom. Joseph Fuchs took the violinist's chair and played with the cellist and me. His  rubato  was incredible. I felt as if I was playing with Brahms himself. (Fuchs was born a year after Brahms's death, so there was no reinterpretation!) I watched Fuchs like a hawk and made sure I stayed with him. He gave me the  validation  I needed to believe in my instincts. 
 
 Violin/Piano Duo 
 
 Following that, I founded the  Rautenberg-Saathoff Duo  (violin/piano). Both of us left the city along the way, but continued to perform together for a total of 14 years. 
 
 Moving 
 
 After  18 years in New York  , and having sustained computer injuries, I needed a part-time backup job. My idea was to work 4 hours/day. Every employer I spoke to had other thoughts. Part-time to them meant 3 full shifts/week. I couldn't sustain that and practice too, so it seemed like a good time to leave. 
 I canvassed friends and acquaintances nationwide, after which I decided to return to  Amherst . It's beautiful here, and I know more people here than in my home town now. 
 
 Solo Performing 
 
 About two years after moving, I discovered that I enjoy playing solo concerts! In college, all I wanted to do was play the Beethoven cello sonatas. But I had to play solo repertoire due to degree requirements. I did not enjoy it at the time. Now I find it liberating! I can get my own act together without the need to juggle concert dates, programming, or rehearsal times with anyone but the presenter. So, when I'm not otherwise engaged with chorus rehearsals, teaching, coaching, or collaborating with someone, solo playing is my focus. 
 
 Back to top 
 Share 
 
 Print 
 Email 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Would you like to save practice time and learn more music faster? Subscribe for free! 
   RSS - Posts 
   RSS - Comments 
 Gretchen Saathoff 
 Collaborative Pianist/Vocal Coach 
 E-subscription 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive FREE notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 Search this blog 
 Search: 
 
 Follow @GretchensPianos 
 
 NEW! LOWER PRICE! 
 Pages 
 
 Work with Gretchen 
 Bio 
 E-book 
 
 Goal-oriented Practice 
 
 Book intro 
 Book review 
 Book T of C, p. 1 
 Book T of C, p. 2 
 
 
 
 
 Review 
 Pictures 
 About me 
 Contact form 
 My career path 
 What they're saying 
 
 Contact Me 
 Please use the Contact Form above. 
 Top Posts 
 
 Piano Glasses 
 PianoAnd: The lid. Full stick, half stick, or none at all?* 
 How to learn piano and organ fugues 
 How a piano technique book changed my playing forever 
 7 Stretches to beat "Piano Back" 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 All Piano 
 All Things Strings 
 Arts Journal 
 Carolyn Donnell 
 Chamber Music Today 
 Chamber Musician Today 
 Christopher O'Riley 
 Clef Notes 
 Crosseyed Pianist 
 Divergence Vocal Theater 
 Everything Opera 
 Geraldine in a Bottle 
 Get Classical 
 Global Mysteries 
 Good Company 
 Hell Mouth 
 Horn Matters 
 If it Ain't Baroque 
 Interchanging Idioms 
 Katerina Stamatelos 
 Marion Harrington 
 Metaphysics and Whimsy 
 Music Matters 
 Music Teach ,n. Tech 
 Musical Assumptions 
 My Life at the Piano 
 Noble Viola 
 Oboe Insight 
 Once More With Feeling 
 Operagasm 
 Pedal Points 
 Pianists from the Inside 
 Piano Addict 
 Pianorama 
 Practising the Piano 
 Rachel Velarde 
 Speaking of Pianists 
 Spirit Lights the Way 
 Stephen Hough 
 Susan Tomes 
 The Buzzing Reed 
 The Collaborative Piano Blog 
 The Glass 
 The Mahatma Candy Project 
 The Musician's Way 
 The Orchestra Pit -- Musical Theater Piano Central 
 The Piano Files 
 The Rest is Noise 
 The Teaching Studio 
 Think Denk 
 Tubahead 
 Under the Piano Stool 
 
 Resources 
 
 "Rational Principles of Pianoforte Technique" by Alfred Cortot  FREE DOWNLOAD! 
 The Whole-Hearted Musician 
 
 web site 
 
 Digital Piano Review Guide 
 El Sistema USA 
 Ergo LCD Corp, Ergonomic Specialists 
 J.S. Bach Foundation 
 Jason Coffey, baritone 
 Piano Buddies 
 The Human Solution 
 Website Marketing 
 
 
 article   career   collaboration   concert   directed practice   distractions   focus   goals   health   learning   listening   music   new approach   new experience   performing   piano   practice   practicing   preparation   priorities   process   progress   rehearsal   singing   teaching   the unexpected   tools   Uncategorized   variety   work 
 NetworkedBlogs 
 Blog: 
 Gretchens Pianos 
 Topics: 
 piano ,  music ,  collaboration 
 Follow my blog 
 Archives 
 
 September 2016  (1) 
 April 2016  (1) 
 January 2016  (2) 
 December 2015  (1) 
 November 2015  (1) 
 August 2015  (1) 
 July 2015  (4) 
 June 2015  (7) 
 May 2015  (9) 
 March 2015  (5) 
 February 2015  (1) 
 January 2015  (3) 
 December 2014  (1) 
 November 2014  (1) 
 October 2014  (5) 
 August 2014  (4) 
 July 2014  (3) 
 June 2014  (6) 
 May 2014  (17) 
 April 2014  (1) 
 March 2014  (1) 
 January 2014  (4) 
 December 2013  (4) 
 November 2013  (2) 
 October 2013  (2) 
 September 2013  (7) 
 August 2013  (5) 
 June 2013  (3) 
 May 2013  (6) 
 April 2013  (3) 
 March 2013  (6) 
 February 2013  (2) 
 January 2013  (2) 
 December 2012  (2) 
 November 2012  (5) 
 October 2012  (8) 
 September 2012  (5) 
 August 2012  (6) 
 July 2012  (6) 
 June 2012  (4) 
 May 2012  (10) 
 April 2012  (9) 
 March 2012  (9) 
 February 2012  (8) 
 January 2012  (9) 
 December 2011  (8) 
 November 2011  (24) 
 October 2011  (14) 
 September 2011  (10) 
 August 2011  (10) 
 July 2011  (8) 
 June 2011  (7) 
 May 2011  (11) 
 April 2011  (13) 
 March 2011  (15) 
 February 2011  (13) 
 January 2011  (16) 
 December 2010  (10) 
 November 2010  (15) 
 October 2010  (16) 
 September 2010  (6) 
 August 2010  (8) 
 July 2010  (14) 
 June 2010  (16) 
 May 2010  (25) 
 April 2010  (11) 
 March 2010  (25) 
 February 2010  (4) 
 January 2010  (4) 
 December 2009  (3) 
 November 2009  (4) 
 October 2009  (9) 
 September 2009  (5) 
 August 2009  (5) 
 July 2009  (29) 
 June 2009  (40) 
 May 2009  (23) 
 April 2009  (20) 
 
 Copyright Notice 
 All posts are copyrighted by Gretchen Saathoff and may be used only by permission of the author. 
 
 Search Engine Optimization and SEO Tools 
   
 Free SEO Meta Tags Generator 
  Blog Catalog Blog Directory  
 
 Quickregister.net Link And Article Directory 
 Would you like to save practice time and learn more music faster? Subscribe for free! 
   RSS - Posts 
   RSS - Comments 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
