If you're seeing this message, that means  JavaScript has been disabled on your browser  , please  enable JS  to make this app work. 
 Dismiss 
 Running Club Coach 
 Fleet Feet Charlotte](/careers/fleetfeetsports) Charlotte, NC 
 Share 
 
 
 $11.50 Hourly 
 
 
 Part Time 
 
 
 Ask Us!, Employee Discounts 
 
 
 Employer Fairly Likely to Respond 
 
 
 The Rundown: 
 As a Running Club Coach, you will assist with running club programs by motivating, encouraging and always providing a safe atmosphere for all participants. You will work with other coaches and the Running Club Coordinator to implement running programs, schedule events and oversee Running Club programs. Our Running Club Coach is comfortable speaking in front of large crowds of people, is friendly and outgoing, and promotes positive social experiences for all participants. You will be a part of dynamic group that builds and maintains meaningful relationships with participants, customers and vendors. Joining the Fleet Feet Running Club is joining a team and a community that ignites and supports running and fitness through social experiences. We pride ourselves in putting people first and know that what we do each day does not happen anywhere else, for staff, customers or Running Club Participants. We truly believe that running changes everything. 
 Qualifiers: 
 
 Outgoing, positive, and supportive 
 Accountable and adaptable 
 Does the right thing 
 Deliver a great social experience for participants by fostering a positive and safe atmosphere 
 Collaborative and encouraging 
 Willing to go above and beyond when needed 
 Communicate professionally with participants, coaches and Running Club Coordinator 
 Support Fleet Feet Running Club programs, initiatives, activities and functions 
 
 Perks: 
 
 High energy and fun atmosphere 
 Training and advancement opportunities within the Fleet Feet brand 
 Community involvement and community service activities 
 Training Program, Race entries, and Product discounts 
 Passionate team members 
 
 Want to join our Team? 
 Are you looking to turn your passion into your career, work with like-minded people in a fast-paced, fun and customer-centric environment? Then we want you! 
 More positions available 
 Apply Now 
 Apply Now 
 Password must have at least 8 characters 
 Continue 
 Already have a Workpop account? 
 Don't have an email address? 
 or 
 Continue with Facebook 
 By continuing using any of the actions above you acknowledge that you have read and agreed to Workpop's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Workpop is the preferred hiring service for employers and candidates worldwide. 
