Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Professor - Curriculum Development - Faculty ¿ School of Business and Information Technology 
 Fleming College 
 __Peterborough, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Help our students learn how to make a difference every day through a rewarding career. 
 Serving your community can be an inspiring and rewarding career. Our programs are always evolving to adapt to advances and changing needs. Our students get related experiential learning, including extensive placements, as well as the opportunity to obtain additional certifications and specialized skills valued by employers. 
 Experience success at Fleming, where we provide a unique and innovative learning environment for our students. We take pride in offering students real world learning, available only through the recent, related work experiences that faculty bring. As a Contract Faculty member, you will play a key role by promoting academic excellence, developing an effective learning environment, and designing curriculum. Your previous working experiences will provide a broad range of practical knowledge to enhance the student learning experience. Contract Faculty may teach in teams or independently and develop/deliver curriculum in a variety of ways including face-to-face (lectures, seminars, labs) and online. 
 The School of Business and Information Technology is currently recruiting for faculty position to design and develop curriculum for a new Entrepreneurship Program. The two-semester program targets individuals who would like to start their own businesses, innovators, entrepreneurs, or anyone who is keen to help advance entrepreneurship in their organization or community. 
 Participants enrolled in Fleming College's Entrepreneurship Program will study the different phases of entrepreneurship. Those participants will get the chance, while taking the program, to interact with real entrepreneurs and help those individuals create business plans, research the market, and other activities. 
 Graduates of the Fleming College Entrepreneurship Program will have an excellent understanding of entrepreneurship and innovation; they will be able to create within their organizations waves of changes by creating the system to support new concepts and take those concepts from the ideation phase to prototyping and marketing phases. 
 The successful candidate for this position will work with other faculty and members of Fleming College to design and develop this program to achieve the goals outlined above. 
 Please see the Professor Definition and the Guidelines for Professional Practice - Faculty. 
 Explore what Fleming College has to offer and the beautiful communities we are surrounded by. Check out Life@Fleming. 
 The successful candidate will have a strong understanding of Innovation, and internal and external Entrepreneurship. The candidate must have a Masters degree or MBA with a focus on entrepreneurship from a recognised University. Equivalent combination of industry and academic experience will also be considered. 
 The successful candidate will have experience writing proposals and reports. 
 Preference will be given to candidates with teaching, curriculum design, innovative development and delivery experience at the post-secondary or corporate/industry levels. Experience in adult learning and developing/delivering educational materials in alternative formats are assets. 
 The role requires self-motivation, flexibility, a passion for learning and student success and the ability to work well independently as well as in a team-based environment. Exceptional oral and written communication and interpersonal skills, leadership experience, as well as evidence of commitment and recent participation in on-going professional development activities are required. You must have a solutions-oriented approach to problem solving, be adaptable and committed to keeping up with a constantly changing environment. You are comfortable working with technology, including blended learning technologies, and are self-sufficient with word processing, spreadsheets, presentation and architectural software, e-mail, and various web applications. 
 Communication:  Superior interpersonal and communication skills, including the ability to deliver and receive feedback, as well as well-developed critical thinking/problem solving and organizational / time management skills are required. 
 Computer Proficiency:  You are proficient working with a variety of computer applications including word processing, spreadsheets, e-mail, internet search, learning management systems and online learning applications. Preference will be given to individuals who have experience working with D2L or other LMS system. 
 Please Note:  Any full-time faculty who feels qualified and wishes to be considered may apply for this position. Resumes will be evaluated as they are received and only candidates selected for an interview will be contacted 
 Salary Range:  If this temporary position is filled by a non-full-time faculty, the rate of pay will be determined in accordance with the applicable Academic rate schedule. 
 What Are We About? 
 Fleming College is committed to building diverse, equitable, inclusive, and accessible learning and working environments. We welcome those who would contribute to the further diversification of our Staff, our Faculty and our Administration including, but not limited to, women, racialized persons, Indigenous peoples, persons with disabilities, and persons of any sexual orientation or gender identity to apply. 
 We believe in and promote the rights of all persons with disabilities and commit to ensuring accommodations available throughout the recruitment, selection and/or assessment process to applicants with disabilities. If selected to participate in the recruitment, selection and/or assessment process, please inform our Human Resources staff of the nature of any accommodation(s) that you may require to ensure your equal participation. To obtain a copy of this document in another format please e-mail HR@flemingcollege.ca. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
