
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Software Jobs Remote Jobs Internships How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Tint (W21) 
 Empowers any company to embed insurance into its product 
 Product Designer 
 
 Location 
 Remote 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 3+ years 
 About Tint 
 Tint.ai empowers any company to embed insurance into their products to protect their users while increasing profitability. Our AI-powered platform provides APIs, no-code underwriting engine, light-weight policy admin, and access to insurance partners that are required to design and launch modern insurance products that improve customer experience and profitability. 
 About the role 
 We’re looking for a talented and passionate product designer to join our small and focused team. You will play a vital role in shaping the Tint platform. More broadly, you have an opportunity to make a distinctive impact in an industry that is deeply underserved by design. You must be a self-directed builder with clear visual design chops, excellent human-centered design thinking, and ability to communicate your ideas effectively. 
 The ideal candidate is an all-around athlete, with strong skills in visual design and comfortable joining the team as the first Product Designer in the company. 
 You will be working directly with the founding team and be involved in the early stages of the startup development to help establish the design culture and team at Tint. 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Full experience design process for Tint, from customer discovery and research through to concept development, wireframes, and high-fidelity mocks. 
 Take high-level customer needs and turn those into product ideas 
 Lead customer discovery interviews and weekly product feedback sessions 
 Stay current on emerging UX trends both within and outside of insurance 
 Develop a deep understanding of the insurance industry to inform product design & direction 
 Collaborate with and present work to a range of stakeholders including teammates, customers. 
 
 Position Requirements: 
 
 3+ years experience as a product designer, user experience designer, interaction designer, or similar role 
 Experience leading full-stack product design and shipping intuitive products that people love 
 Editorial eye and strong design voice 
 Experience working directly with engineers to see product through to implementation 
 Strong online portfolio demonstrating samples of design deliverables (personas, sketches, wireframes, and high-fidelity prototypes) is required to apply for this role. 
 Comfortable with public speaking 
 Willingness to roll up your sleeves in a fast-paced startup environment 
 Experience hiring and managing individual contributors 
 Bonus: Experience with UX design for complex enterprise applications and workflows 
 
 Benefits: 
 
 Competitive salary 
 Generous equity grant 
 Apple equipment 
 Company-sponsored team retreats in exotic destinations 
 
 We're an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We don't discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, gender identity, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. When in doubt, please apply: send an email with your resume to  [email protected] 
 Technology 
 AWS (EC2, S3, SageMaker), Node, Python, Figma 
 Other jobs at Tint 
 Product Designer 
 fulltime 
 Remote 
 UI / UX 
 3+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
