Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Room Attendant 
 Bayview Wildwood Resort 
 __Severn Bridge, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Summary of Position 
 Responsible to perform the duties and responsibilities of the rooms, laundry and public area attendant. Responsible for maintaining optimum customer service and the housekeeping department standards. 
 Qualifications 
 Education 
 Essential: 
 
 Enrolled in High School 
 Ability to communicate and comprehend both orally and written in English with employees and customers. 
 
 Desirable: 
 
 WHMIS certificate. 
 High School Diploma or Vocational equivalent 
 
 Knowledge 
 Desirable: 
 
 Previous hotel and resort experience 
 
 Skills & Abilities 
 Essential: 
 
 Ability to operate cleaning equipment i.e. vacuum. 
 Excellent customer service skills in order to maintain an exceptional rapport with customers and employees. 
 Ability to follow directions and work in a timely manner. 
 Self-starter and ability to work independently and focus on details. 
 Ability to work cooperatively with employees and managers as part of a team. 
 
 Physical Effort required to perform the job: 
 
 Long periods of standing and walking. 
 Frequent bending, stretching kneeling and lifting. 
 Repetitive arm and shoulder movements are required for cleaning. 
 Frequent lifting of laundry bags, linens, towels, tables, flip charts, TV’s, VCR’s and chairs. Up to a maximum of 25lbs 
 Repetitive pulling, lifting, reaching, bending and movement are required. 
 
 Room Attendant responsibilities: 
 
 Clean and make up rooms (interior and exterior areas) as per company standards and room assignments. 
 Vacuuming, dust, and clean guest public areas as required. 
 Stock guest coffee area and ensure adequate supply is available ( in some designated rooms as well as public areas.) 
 Responsible for maintaining and stocking all guest rooms reporting any malfunctioning equipment, broken furniture etc. to the Rooms Manager. 
 
 WORKING CONDITIONS while performing the job: 
 
 Required to work out doors and indoors therefore climate will vary. 
 Frequently required to work with a large variety of cleaning products. 
 
 Job Types: Part-time, Permanent 
 Salary: $15.65 per hour 
 Schedule: 
 
 Day shift 
 
 Experience: 
 
 cleaning: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
