Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Sales Associate 
 Bootlegger 
 __Barrie, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Do you love jeans and fashion? 
 Do you love working with people in a fun environment? 
 Do you love being part of a team that can lead change and grow the business? 
 A career at Bootlegger may be just the right fit for you! 
 Description 
 Produce sales and profits by achieving business metrics goals including sales goals, and ensuring excellent customer experience is provided at all times. Promotes cooperation and commitment within the team to achieve objectives, desired goals and deliverables. Thru behaviours and actions demonstrates a commitment to the Company’s Mission Statement, Vision, and Core Values/Principles. Is an Ambassador of the Brand. 
 Responsibilities 
 RESULTS ORIENTED:  Holds self-accountable for achieving financial and other measurable objectives. Anticipates and meets the needs of the customer by providing a great customer experience through actions and behaviors 
 TEAMWORK / ENGAGEMENT:  Fosters the culture of teamwork through ownership and accountability (ground rules/values). Supports maintaining a team focused on providing a great experience (service & environment). 
 Applicant Requirements 
 Proven sales ability. Must be a team player with good communication and organization skills. 
 WORKING CONDITIONS:  Works required appropriate number of hours, nights, weekends. Physical requirements include sustained standing and walking within the store; frequent, but not continuous, light effort to unpack and prepare merchandise which may require working with freight boxes weighing up to 22 kilograms, hanging garments, and/or working on ladders. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
