
 Home 
 About 
 Contact Us 
 Meet the writers 
 
 My Kind of Country 
 Country music from a fan's point of view since 2008 
 Album Review: Johnny Paycheck - 'Take This Job And Shove It' 
 Leave a comment  Posted by  Occasional Hope  on June 26, 2017 
 1977 was the peak of Johnny Paycheck’s career, seeing the success of his signature song, the only chart topping single of his career. The album from which it came was also his most successful, his only platinum record, and was arguably his best. By now Billy Sherrill knew what kind of production suited Paycheck, and he gives him the right backings for this excellent selection of songs. 
 ‘Take This Job And Shove It’, written by fellow Outlaw David Allan Coe, is a true country classic which is still instantly recognisable – and relatable - today. More casual country fans may think of it solely as an assertive blue collar walkout from an underpaid, boring factory job with bosses he despises, but at heart it is a heartbreak song. The narrator’s motivation is the woman he loves. He has been enduring the job he loathes in order to try and make a home for her – but now she has left, he plans on making is true feelings known. Paycheck’s growling delivery is completely convincing. The song had such a popular impact it even  loosely inspired a movie  a few years later, in which both Paycheck and Coe had cameo roles. 
 The spoken ‘Colorado Kool-Aid’ is a rather bizarre intended-to-be-funny tale of a bar fight in which the narrator’s Mexican friend cuts off a drunken aggressor’s ear as payback for the latter spitting beer at him: 
 
 If you're ever ridin' down in south Texas 
And decide to stop and drink some Colorado Kool-Aid 
And maybe talk to some Mexicans 
And you get the urge to get a little tough 
You better make damn sure you got your knife-proof ear-muff 
 Hey, ain't that right, big man? 
I said, ain't that right, big man? 
Ah, hell he can't hear 
Nnot on this side anyway, he ain't got no ear 
 
 It was the B side to the physical single of ‘Take This Job And Shove It’, and it got some airplay in its own right. 
 The album’s other single, the booze-drenched Bobby Braddock’s ‘Georgia In A Jug’, was less successful, peaking at #17, even though it is an excellent song. Younger fans may know it better from Blake Shelton’s cover. Like ‘Take This Job’, it appears to be one kind of song, in this case a drinking song, with an underlying narrative of heartbreak over the woman who has left. Mexican horns, Caribbean steel drums, and Hawaiian steel are used sparingly, and tastefully, to illustrate the exotic destinations the happy couple will never now visit in real life. A similar alcoholic tour, this time of the US, to try and get over a woman, take space in ‘The Spirits Of St Louis’. 
 Another superb song, ‘From Cotton To Satin (From Birmingham To Manhattan)’ (covered by Gene Watson a few years later) is about a marriage which founders due to financial pressures. The poor farmer hero scrapes together just enough to take his wife on a vacation to New York City, where she dumps him for a rich man. Ironically, just after she has done so, his Alabama farm turns out to be the site of an oilwell. 
 ‘Barstool Mountain’ was written by Donn Tankersley and Wayne Carson (who recorded it first), and also recorded by Moe Bandy. A classic honky tonk ballad about “drinking away I love you”, it’s another great tune. 
 ‘The Fool Strikes Again’ (written by Steve Davis, Mark Sherrill and Gary Cobb) is a delicate ballad about a loyal wife whose man continually lets her down: 
 
 Lady Luck never smiles on those who cheat to win 
Every time I get her back 
The devil tempts me into sin 
And with a smile on his face 
The fool strikes again 
 
 It was subsequently a single for Charlie Rich, although not a particularly successful one. 
 ‘When I Had A Home To Go’, penned by Billy Sherrill and Glenn Sutton, might depict the same relationship a little later. The wealthy protagonist admits to the bartender, 
 
 She loved me more than life itself 
But the liquid diet I was on starved our love to death 
So it's not hard to figure out why my baby's gone 
'Cause when I had a home to go to 
I never did go home 
 
 Luckily for him, she actually seeks him out in the bar where he has taken refuge, and offers him a second chance, and he has suffered enough to take it up: 
 
 So forget the double 
Keep the change 
And you can call me gone 
Cause while I’ve got a home to go to 
This time I'm going home 
 
 ‘The Four F Blues’ is more light hearted, with Paycheck cheerfully playing the field: 
 
 I ain't never seen a woman that didn't like the 4-F blues 
 Ooh I like to find 'em, fool 'em, free 'em and forget 'em 
And love 'em till they’re satisfied 
Then look around for something new 
 
 ‘The Man From Bowling Green’ is a nice, rather sad story song written by Max D Barnes and Troy Seals., about a naïve young girl seduced by an older man, a musician who moves swiftly on once he has got what he wanted. 
 This is a great album, which I strongly recommend. If you have nothing else by Johnny Paycheck nin your collection, this is the album to go for. You can find it on a joint CD with  Armed And Crazy  , and half the tracks from  Mr Hag Told My Story  , reviews for both which will follow later this week. 
 Grade: A+ 
 Pass it around: 
 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 
 Click to print (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Album Reviews ,  Retro Reviews   Billy Sherrill ,  Blake Shelton ,  Bobby Braddock ,  Charlie Rich ,  David Allan Coe ,  Donn Tankersley ,  Gary Cobb ,  Gene Watson ,  Glenn Sutton ,  Johnny Paycheck ,  Mark Sherrill ,  Max D Barnes ,  Moe Bandy ,  Steve Davis ,  Troy Seals ,  Wayne Carson 
 <- Classic Rewind: Johnny Paycheck - 'The Old Rugged Cross'   Classic Rewind: Cal Smith - 'That's What It's Like To Be Lonesome' -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 RSS feed 
 The writers… 
 ** J.R. Journey 
 Razor X  __ 
 Occasional Hope  __ 
 Paul W. Dennis  __ 
 Jonathan Pappalardo  __ 
 Our other friends  __** 
 Filed Under… 
 
 Album Reviews 
 Awards Discussions 
 Blockbuster Albums 
 Blurbs 
 Book Reviews 
 Charts 
 Classic Rewind 
 Country Heritage 
 Decade In Review 
 Discussions 
 Editorials 
 Everything Else 
 Fellow Travelers 
 Giveaways 
 Interviews 
 Live Reviews 
 News 
 Opry Legends 
 Playlist 
 Retro Reviews 
 Single Reviews 
 Spotlight Artist 
 Wish lists 
 Year In Review 
 
 Popular artists… 
 Alabama   Alan Jackson   Alison Krauss   Barbara Mandrell   Bill Anderson   Blake Shelton   Bobby Bare   Brad Paisley   Brooks & Dunn   Buck Owens   Carl Smith   Carrie Underwood   Charley Pride   Chris Stapleton   Chris Young   Clint Black   Connie Smith   Conway Twitty   Crystal Gayle   Dean Dillon   Dierks Bentley   Dixie Chicks   Dolly Parton   Don Williams   Dwight Yoakam   Earl Thomas Conley   Eddy Arnold   Elvis Presley   Emmylou Harris   Ernest Tubb   Faith Hill   Faron Young   Florida Georgia Line   Garth Brooks   Gene Watson   George Jones   George Strait   Glen Campbell   Hank Cochran   Hank Snow   Hank Williams   Hank Williams Jr   Harlan Howard   Jamey Johnson   Janie Fricke   Jason Aldean   Jim Lauderdale   Jim Reeves   Joey + Rory   John Anderson   John Conlee   Johnny Cash   Johnny Paycheck   Kathy Mattea   Keith Urban   Keith Whitley   Kenny Chesney   Kenny Rogers   Kitty Wells   Kris Kristofferson   Lady Antebellum   LeAnn Rimes   Lee Ann Womack   Lefty Frizzell   Linda Ronstadt   Little Big Town   Loretta Lynn   Lorrie Morgan   Luke Bryan   Mark Chesnutt   Martina McBride   Marty Robbins   Marty Stuart   Mary Chapin Carpenter   Matraca Berg   Mel Tillis   Merle Haggard   Miranda Lambert   Nitty Gritty Dirt Band   Pam Tillis   Patsy Cline   Patty Loveless   Porter Wagoner   Randy Travis   Rascal Flatts   Ray Price   Reba McEntire   Rhonda Vincent   Ricky Skaggs   Ricky Van Shelton   Rodney Crowell   Roger Miller   Ronnie Milsap   Rosanne Cash   Sam Hunt   Sara Evans   Shania Twain   Sonny James   Steve Wariner   Sugarland   Suzy Bogguss   Tammy Wynette   Tanya Tucker   Taylor Swift   The Judds   Tim McGraw   Toby Keith   Tom T Hall   Tony Brown   Trace Adkins   Tracy Lawrence   Travis Tritt   Trisha Yearwood   Vern Gosdin   Vince Gill   Waylon Jennings   Webb Pierce   Willie Nelson   Wynonna   Zac Brown Band 
 Our friends... 
 
 Country California 
 Country Universe 
 Farce the Music 
 Music Tomes 
 Saving Country Music 
 
 ↑ Top  Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
