Skip to content 
 
 Words On Water 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 Instagram 
 LinkedIn 
 
 A podcast featuring conversations with influential and interesting people from the water sector and news from the Water Environment Federation. 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 About WEF 
 Contact 
 
 Tag: career 
   
 Words On Water #96: Teresa Penunuri on Developing the Next Generation of Employees 
 July 8, 2019 
 Teresa Penunuri is Public Affairs Supervisor for the San Diego County Water Authority. In this episode Teresa says developing and retaining current employees is a vital part of shaping the next generation of the water workforce. She discusses how employees should be connected to an organization’s priorities in communications, policy, and the community. Teresa explains that employees should feel part of an innovative culture and be encouraged to think about the direction of their career. 
 Episode #96 
Hosted by  Travis Loop  
 https://media.blubrry.com/wordsonwater/p/content.blubrry.com/wordsonwater/WOW_Penunuri.mp3 
 Podcast:  Play in new window  |  Download 
 Subscribe:  RSS 
 career ,  drinking water ,  innovation ,  training ,  wastewater ,  water ,  water environment federation ,  workforce 
   
 Words On Water #76: Haley Falconer on Sustainability in Boise 
 February 5, 2019 
 Haley Falconer is Environmental Division Senior Manager for the City of Boise. In this episode, Haley discusses managing environmental services for one of the fastest growing cities in the U.S. and how water fits in the portfolio with energy, waste, and air quality. She talks about the choice by Boise to use the term “water renewal facilities” and familiarizing the public with the phrase. Haley reflects on Boise’s recent experience producing several beers and ciders with purified wastewater. She also explains why she has been a very active volunteer for the Water Environment Federation. 
 Episode #76 
Hosted by  Travis Loop 
 https://media.blubrry.com/wordsonwater/p/content.blubrry.com/wordsonwater/WOW_Falconer.mp3 
 Podcast:  Play in new window  |  Download 
 Subscribe:  RSS 
 beer ,  Boise ,  career ,  environment ,  local government ,  municipality ,  pure water brew ,  resource recovery ,  students ,  utility ,  wastewater ,  water ,  water environment federation ,  water reuse ,  workforce ,  young professionals 
