Skip to navigation 
 
 Home 
 Return to Content 
 
 
 Menu 
 [ 
 OWN IT 
 regain control and live life on your terms professionally and personally 
 ](https://thekudosgroup.wordpress.com/ "OWN  IT") 
 career management 
 September 17, 2017 
 At A Crossroads? - don't wait too long 
 My last article discussed how we can often find ourselves “stuck” either in our professional or personal life or indeed both and how sometimes just the realisation that we need to take some action to get “unstuck” is the first step to making positive changes in our life. 
 Another situation we can find ourselves in is facing a crossroads where there are many alternative routes that can be taken and a decision needs to be made as to which path to take. When we are driving a car, or walking and we reach a crossroads we MUST decide a direction of travel at that point unless we want to annoy other cars or pedestrians by just standing in the middle of the road. When reaching a life crossroads however it is a lot easier to hover and procrastinate. 
 So, what is your personal approach when faced with a life crossroads situation? This can happen at any age. I work with graduates who have just finished university and have several options available e.g. graduate entry level job in big company, go and work for a smaller SME, apply for jobs in total alignment with their degree subject matter or make a complete change as they no longer have interest in that subject three or four years later. 
 In later life, another crossroads situation can appear in mid-career e.g. Having worked for a smaller company for many years, knowing everyone and having built up a good reputation for the work you do, do you stay put and build on that reputation, enjoy being part of the team or do you apply for jobs in a larger organisation where there may be more career progression and salary scope, alternatively you could go freelance or self-employed and as a fourth option a hybrid model of part time work and other work or personal activity is also an option. 
 Further on in life many of the people I work with are approaching the last phase of their working life and the crossroads they face can present itself as stay in current role until lucrative pension package kicks in, move jobs into their ideal role before it's too late, be brave and launch the business they have always dreamt of, reduce hours and enjoy more leisure time, or retire early. 
 These are just some of the many choices we can face and on one hand it's great to see how many different routes there are but on another front, having too many options paralyses some people to the point where they just stay put and always wonder in a “what if” way what would have happened if they had taken another route in another direction. 
 Over the years I have read many inspiring self-development books and added any useful learnings to my own personal toolkit from this reading. One tip I took many years ago that I still use today was from the classic Susan Jeffers book Feel the Fear and Do It Anyway… in here she states there is no such thing as a bad decision. I use this when faced with the crossroads situation, take time to consider the options, do a pros and cons list and talk to others but then go ahead and be brave, make the decision and don't look back. Make the decision on what route you want to take and then set off down in that direction with 100 percent commitment to make it work. Don't look back or torture yourself with ‘what if I had taken the other route’. If it turns out you took one that doesn't work out make a different decision at the next crossroads you meet and I have met many successful people who have had to make an occasional U-turn in their lives and its worked out ok in the end. 
 books ,  career management ,  challenges ,  change management ,  life coaching ,  new focus   Personal   0 Comments 
 July 25, 2017 
 Get Unstuck At Any Age 
 Over the past few weeks in my private client coaching practice I have been inspired by the number of new clients who are wanting to make significant changes to their lives and how wide ranging the ages of these clients are. Looking back over just the last month I have met with clients ranging in age from 21 to 62 and they all have had similar goals. They are unhappy with where they are currently and want to take ownership,seeking help to either make the necessary changes that they have already identified they need to make; or in some cases they want to explore a number of options and decide which suits them best. 
 One of the roles a coach plays in this situation is supporting each person who wants to make changes as they embark on the journey and to reassure them that some of the options that are being considered are possible at their age. In my experience having watched people for many years make massive changes to both their personal and professional lives age is rarely an issue once the individual is committed to the process and is prepared to put in the hard work involved to achieve this. Occasionally when working with the younger age group my role as a coach is to work out together with the client some of the stepping stones that need to be put in place to achieve the desired goals or work out a realistic timescale that breaks big goals into bite sized chunks gathering relevant experience along the way. 
 The most important factor by far regardless of age and also desired goals is the enthusiasm, total commitment and dedication to get unstuck from the current position and do whatever it takes to move towards the future state. The speed people can achieve this is amazing once they have this total mind set to making things happen and surrounding themselves by people who also want to help them move forwards. 
 So if you are feeling stuck, you can get unstuck - where there is a will there is a way. 
 career management ,  challenges ,  change management ,  goal setting ,  inspiration ,  life coaching ,  momentum ,  motivation ,  self development   0 Comments 
 May 23, 2016 
 Finding Your Passion 
 Wouldn't it be great if every Monday morning you woke up at the start of the working week and you were excited about your diary schedule. When each day. although you were going about your work, it didn't actually feel like work at all. When you find out what your passion is in life and then find a way to earn money via utilising this passion this is what it feels like. 
 When working with people as a coach and they are unhappy with their current career it is useful to talk about what they are passionate about in life, to see if there is a way of leveraging from this in future job roles. Some people find it very difficult to answer the question " so what are you passionate about?" If people have never had this question asked of them before sometimes they struggle. If someone is going through a tough time the answer often comes back "nothing" 
 In Robin Sharmas book "The Greatness Guide" he suggests you list your 10 Greatest Passions, 10 activities that fill your heart with joy and remind you of how life can be" 
 What would your list of 10 be ? Have a go how many have you got on your list? 
 My top two would definitely be Personal development and Ashthanga Yoga. 
 If you were unhappy with your job this could be vital information to start exploring. Even if you are happy with your work the Robin suggests in the same book that over a 10 week period you schedule on of those passionate pursuits into your diary so that you get back to doing the things that lift your spirit. 
 What if you still can't think of anything you are passionate about. Maybe these 3 guidelines might help. To be passionate about something 
 
 We need to perceive we are free to do it therefore we shouldn't feel obliged to do it. 
 It should have infinite potential for growth e g never ending 
 It should give us a sense of contribution which means we feel we are doing it for some reason bigger than ourselves. 
 
 So take some time out this week to see how your list of 10 shapes up and are you spending enough of your time on things you are passionate about. 
 career management ,  inspiration ,  self development   life without limits   0 Comments 
 April 26, 2016 
 Which Career Are You On? 
 Someone many years ago told me “there are three careers in each one of us….”. Talking to people a lot, as I do as a career coach I am now thinking this needs to be changed to “there are 5 careers in everyone” People are definitely getting more comfortable with the idea of changing roles if they are not happy and consider changing sometimes to completely different professions or ways of working. 
 The world of work is definitely becoming more fluid my parents were of a generation where they were encouraged to stay in a job, especially if it paid ok and had good prospects with a generous pension scheme. I remember they were horrified when I resigned from a "job for life" role in the civil service because I was bored and everyone there spent many hours a week complaining about their roles and cutting out adverts from the local paper to apply for different jobs but never did. 
 Depending on how you define career I am definitely on my third one if not my fourth and each one of these has been good serving me well for eighty percent of the time. Getting used to making changes and having the confidence to take sometimes a leap of faith into the unknown is hard. The easy option is to carry on doing what is comfortable and if the individual is truly happy with their work and the environment they work in then that is fantastic. If not however and your working life has become mundane, if you are not feeling passionate about what you do each day then maybe there are still some more careers out there for you? 
 Look at what you enjoy doing, ask yourself the question if money was not important what would you love to do? What are you passionate about? What are your best days and what is it about those days that make them good… The answers to all of these questions may lead you to your next career… 
 career management ,  change management ,  inspiration ,  Job Coaching ,  self development   careers ,  life without limits ,  personal development   0 Comments 
   
 October 28, 2014 
 When were you last inspired? 
 
 When did you last meet someone who inspired you? This was a question we debated within the Kudos Team at the beginning of the year as we agreed what activities we were all going to undertake this year to ensure we developed new skills? 
 I asked many friends, clients and colleagues the same question and the answers were interesting, some people really struggled to give an answer while others gave numerous and varied examples that easily came to mind. 
 Personally I struggled so I set myself on a mission to find some activities that might solve the problem. This year I have now attended two workshops delivered by two very different people, both did inspire me and also I happened by chance to meet a new client who inspired me greatly….. I looked at the common behavioural traits displayed by all three people. 
 The qualities I identified were :- 
 
 Passion about the chosen subject area - these people lit up as they spoke about the subject 
 Extremely knowledgeable and well read on the subject area 
 Could translate the most complex subjects into lay-mans terms for beginners 
 Gave equal time to beginners and experts in the group 
 Spoke from the heart - didn't use notes at all 
 Had worked hard themselves to achieve their level of proficiency 
 Disciplined 
 Had a genuine interest in the success of others 
 Had an absolute belief in what they did 
 
 It was great to a delegate rather than a trainer and have the experience from a different perspective. It also made me look at myself and ask do I display the qualities above. 
 All high performers ensure they prioritise their own learning so make sure you schedule some time in for yours before the end of 2014. 
 career management ,  high performance ,  inspiration ,  self development   0 Comments 
 May 6, 2014 
 How Healthy Is Your Network? 
 
 We all apparently know 250 people….. some of you may be responding "yes of course I do?" or "really I don't even know 10!". Well when it comes to networking it doesn't really matter how many we do know it is how we manage the connections we do have. It is also important to continually manage your connections in a strategic way to keep your network current and alive. 
 When was the last time you sat down to take a strategic look at your current network to see if this is in area you need to do some work on. For most people it becomes important when they find themselves job hunting. Suddenly we start picking up the phone or sending emails to people we haven't connected with for a very long time in the hope they might know of some suitable roles. This is far from ideal. 
 A high performer (job hunting or not) continually manages their network, keeps connected with everyone but in different ways and in different timeframes. The skilled networker is just as keen to help others grow their networks and put people in touch with each other as they are to make new connections themselves. There is nothing more rewarding than putting two people in touch with each other that can help both people achieve personal or work goals. 
 When you sit down to strategically review your network do you have any gaps? Do you have people who challenge your thinking, do you have people who you can go to who inspire you?, do you have people in your network who you can contact when things get really tough and you need some advice? Do you have people in your network who have an equally good network when you are looking to hire people or get specific expert advice on a subject? 
 What sort of person are you in other peoples network? Its a two way street networking when it works well……. 
 career management ,  high performance ,  Job Coaching ,  Mentoring ,  self development ,  Uncategorized   job coaching ,  leadership ,  My Job Coach ,  personal development   0 Comments 
 March 5, 2014 
 Do we ever get used to change? 
 
 Building on the theme of the last Kudos blog everyone I meet at the moment seems to be facing some type of change e.g a new IT system, a new job, a new leader or someone key in the organisation hands in their resignation, you discover a health condition you need to manage, something you planned to do is now cancelled…. the list is endless. 
 How quickly we adapt to changes like these are vital for both our own well being and the organisations or teams we belong too. Change can cause worry and stress but equally it can be the cause of excitement and new challenge. 
 Some people thrive on change and get bored if things stay the same too long while others love it when everything is predictable, structured and routine. When we talk to people about what motivates them the discussion can go into these two types of reaction and it helps if you recognise which group you belong too. 
 High performers and those interdependent people, we all strive to be and love to work alongside always have the ability to adapt quickly to changes and embrace new situations. 
 So if you ever find yourself thinking or saying any of the phrases in the photo above think again. Could you look at the situation differently and maybe the change wont be as difficult as you originally thought. Try it the next time a change comes your way, and it will do very soon ! 
 Business Coaching ,  career management ,  change management ,  Job Coaching ,  self development ,  Uncategorized   careers ,  personal development   0 Comments 
 February 10, 2014 
 Form Your Future 
 Over the past few weeks in a variety of our workshops a common theme has emerged. When trying to secure a job or trying to progress within a company ,people are coming across barriers. We hear phrases like “ I have applied for lots of jobs but heard nothing” or “ the agencies said they would ring back and they haven’t” or “there is nowhere for me to progress in this company” or “that department never has any vacancies or “none of the managers are ever going to leave so I will never get promotion”. 
 There is a common theme with all of these statements… the individuals are not taking the action upon themselves; they are waiting for others to take action on their behalf. 
 At a presentation last week one senior manager asked a great question “so what do you plan to do about it then?” This is exactly the thought provoking question that needs to be asked so that we as individuals realise if we want something badly enough then we need to take ownership ourselves. Everyone is extremely busy and they do intend to get back to you, they do intend to look out for career opportunities for you but unfortunately its not their top priority and other things on the to do list take over. 
 Make your future your priority, decide what you want to achieve, identify those people that can help you but make it easy for them… you drive the action, keep it a priority, don’t give up, keep communicating, consider alternatives. Take ownership for your own future , you may be surprised how quick things happen when you do? 
 Business Coaching ,  career management ,  Job Coaching ,  Mentoring ,  self development ,  Uncategorized   0 Comments 
 November 11, 2013 
 Are You Making Enough Space? 
 
 Make space to enjoy your surroundings 
 Someone asked me this question earlier in the year regarding my diary management, however as the months have gone on I have used this question for both my own time management but also in some of the coaching conversations that I am having with our clients. 
 How often do we look at how we are using our time and assess are we spending the time on the right things. In our Time Management Programmes we state that one resource that we all have equally unlike money, talent, skills etc is time. We all have 24 hours in a day, 7 days in a week and 12 months in a year. How we use it, however is our choice. 
 
 When it comes to  J   ob Hunting  , are you making enough space in the diary for networking, putting your face in front of the agencies? So that people see your personality rather than just a curriculum vitae on their desk. 
 When it comes to  L   eading People  are you making time for quality 1-1’s with your direct reports? To understand their individual personality and motivation. 
 When you are  R   unning a Business  are you making time to put together a solid strategic plan? Schedule some time away from the office to simply think where do you want to take the business. 
 
 No matter what role you have, and why this question was originally asked of me was, are you making enough space in your diary for “unstructured time” so that you are not running from one meeting or appointment to another? 
 Enjoy the space. 
 Business Coaching ,  career management ,  leadership ,  self development ,  Uncategorized   Diary ,  leadership ,  personal development ,  strategy ,  time management   0 Comments 
 Post navigation 
 Newer posts -> 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 7 Stages of Lockdown Working 
 Its Good To Mix Things Up A Bit! 
 Reflection and Refine 
 Why Am I Not Happy In My Job? 
 Career Management Challenges 
 
 Recent Comments 
 Archives 
 
 July 2020 
 January 2020 
 April 2019 
 December 2018 
 October 2018 
 July 2018 
 June 2018 
 May 2018 
 April 2018 
 March 2018 
 February 2018 
 January 2018 
 December 2017 
 November 2017 
 October 2017 
 September 2017 
 July 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 November 2016 
 July 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 February 2016 
 December 2015 
 June 2015 
 March 2015 
 January 2015 
 October 2014 
 August 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 
 Categories 
 
 books 
 Business Coaching 
 career management 
 celebrate 
 challenges 
 change management 
 communication 
 continuous improvement 
 customer servcie 
 customer service 
 evaluate 
 freelance 
 goal setting 
 high performance 
 inspiration 
 Job Coaching 
 leadership 
 life coaching 
 Mentoring 
 milestones 
 momentum 
 motivation 
 new focus 
 persistance 
 planning 
 priorities 
 process improvement 
 quality 
 relax 
 reward 
 self awareness 
 self development 
 self employment 
 time management 
 Uncategorized 
 wellbeing 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Back to top 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
