Skip to content 
 Search for: 
 
 Working Home Guide 
 
 
 _ Work from Home 
 _ Technology 
 _ Guides 
 _ Business 
 _ Insights 
 _ Money 
 _ Career 
 _ DIY 
 _ Pets 
 _About
 
 _ About Us 
 _ Contact Us 
 _ Privacy Policy 
 
 
 
 __ 
 5 Awesome Online Jobs for College Students 
 __ Jan 4 Nov 15  __ Working Home Guide 
 College is tough, there’s no denying that. After a long week of classes and exams, all you want to do is go out with your friends and blow off some steam, right? That is until you check your bank account balance. 
 With your class schedule, homework, and studying it has been next to impossible for you to get a job you have to physically show up on a regular basis. 
 Lucky for you, there are plenty of online jobs for college students where you can earn that little bit of extra spending money to get you through the weekends and to those nights out on the town. 
 Interested? Keep reading to learn five unique ways that you can save money working online jobs for college students. 
 Online Tutor 
 You’ve been hitting the books so why not help others do the same? Tutoring is a very popular job for those in school but it can be one of the most incredibly convenient online jobs for college students as well. 
 Online learning is extremely popular right now and there is a variety of  distance learning software  that will make it easy for you to communicate with other students. You can even collaborate with those that are across all different geographic locations. 
 Skype is another must-have tool if you are interested in becoming an online tutor. This platform is another great way to collaborate with other students and peers and it makes teaching the subject matter much easier. It’s almost like you’re working together face-to-face! 
 How great would a job like that look on your resume? 
 Freelance Writing 
 Writing freelance pieces is a great way to create a portfolio and earn some extra cash on the side. 
 Sometimes online jobs for college students can turn into more and freelance writing is one of those. Many people go on to pursue freelance work as a full-time career path. 
 Freelance writing is a great way to expand your knowledge on different topics. You could be writing a blog about car insurance one day and top TV shows the next. 
 Writing is a really flexible gig and you can work on your content in between classes and projects you are already working on. There are tons of  freelance writing sites  that you can check out to see where there may be a need for you. 
 If you don’t feel like you have the time and energy to write any more than you already are with your studies there are also freelance proofreading opportunities available. 
 Get those creative juices flowing! 
 Search Engine Evaluator 
 Most college students already spend much of their time behind the screen of a computer, phone, or tablet. Surfing the web is probably the most popular pastime on campus so why not make some extra cash by analyzing those results? 
 As a Search Engine Evaluator, you would be responsible for making sure that the search engines like Google, Yahoo, and Bing are doing their jobs correctly. 
 For instance, in a role such as this one you might be given a list of keywords to search and report back on the results that you got from searching those words. 
 Some requirements for this role might be excellent web research and analytic skills and familiarity with the ins and outs of the most popular search engines. 
 If you are a habitual searcher, you can  apply here  to be paid to do so! 
 Graphic Designer 
 Another great freelance opportunity that can build off of your current course load is freelance graphic designing. 
 If you are interested in learning a new skill set there are a variety of  online platforms  that can help you educate you and improve your digital skills. 
 Graphic design projects might include things like creating logos, designing websites, or even creating Powerpoint presentations. 
 Another opportunity within graphic design is micro-freelancing with companies like  Fiverr . Companies like this one list requested services that you can pick up for a minimum of $5 a pop. They range in intricacy and are a great way to make some fast cash when you have spare time. 
 Opportunities like this are great because you get to exercise your creativity while getting paid to do so. 
 In addition to earning a flexible income, you can build a portfolio to present at future opportunities. 
 Sell Things Online 
 We’ve all seen those commercials for apps like Letgo that help you buy and sell used items. Selling your belongings online might be one of the easiest online jobs for college students. 
 The best part is it will get you money quickly with little effort! 
 Not sure what to sell? Look around and try to find things that you don’t use much anymore. Are they in good enough condition that someone might want them? 
 You can sell anything from old coffee tables to children’s toys to clothes that you no longer wear. Video games and movies can be sold for cash at some second-hand shops as well. 
 Get started by creating a seller profile on Amazon or eBay and start taking photos of items that you are looking to get rid of. Everyone is always on the hunt for something and more and more people are getting into second-hand shopping. 
 You know what they say, one man’s trash is another man’s treasure! 
 Are You Ready to Start Working Online Jobs for College Students? 
 Working remote may seem overwhelming at first and you may feel like you are struggling with  staying organized in your home office . 
 It is important that you try to have a separate space where you can work online jobs for college students. 
 Luckily, in this day and age, it is simple to  collaborate remotely  which makes opportunities like this possible for college students. 
 It can be hard to adjust to working in your dorm room but very rewarding when the paychecks are rolling in! 
 Contact us  for more tips on working remotely as a college student. 
 Posted in  Guides ,  Work from Home 
 Work From Home 
 
 Operating a Business From Home: Essential Tips When Using an iPad for Business 
 
 Not sure what to do with your new iPad? The specifications of an iPad can   […] 
 
 6 Thoughtful Ways to Ensure Home Office Safety 
 
 Have you hit your funny bone for the last time? Are you about ready to   […] 
 Business Help 
 
 7 Ways Electronic Lockers Can Boost a Small Business 
 
 Did you know that ransomware attacks are increasing by 350% each year?   […] 
 
 Operating a Business From Home: Essential Tips When Using an iPad for Business 
 
 Not sure what to do with your new iPad? The specifications of an iPad can   […] 
 DIY 
 
 The Ultimate DIY Guide for HVAC Maintenance 
 
 Keeping up with your HVAC will only save your time and money in the long run. This article is the ultimate DIY guide for HVAC maintenance for homeowners. […] 
 
 Do You Have a Dirty Grill? How to Clean it the Right Way 
 
 Your BBQ grill has probably experienced lots of cookouts. But do you know how to clean it? Read this guide and get to cleaning! […] 
 Money and Finance 
 
 5 Signs You Need to Repair Your Credit 
 
 Are you facing a loan rejection at every turn? Were you itching for a   […] 
 
 Keep Your Money Safe: 8 Expert Tips on How to Protect Your Bank Account 
 
 If you've ever had trouble with making sure your bank information is   […] 
 Health 
 
 12 Tips On Preventing Cavities In Children 
 
 Tooth decay ranks as the most common childhood disease and unfortunately, […] 
 
 How to Naturally Boost Your Immune Health at Home 
 
 Whenever flu or cold season hits, people are always looking for the best […] 
 More from Working Home Guide 
 
 Is There Any Value in Old Computers? (the Answer Is Yes) 
 Top 4 Tips for Improving Your Work Productivity 
 Your Guide to Mastering Facebook Ads Manager 
 9 Voice Training Tips That Will Change Your Life (and Your Voice) 
 Adobe Lightroom vs Photoshop: Which Is Better for Beginners? 
 Career Corner: The Responsibilities of an Apartment Property Manager 
 Photo Sharing: Quick Ways to Get Your Phone Photos Into Your Friends' Hands 
 Party Down: 8 Virtual Events Ideas 
 
 Designed by  InkHive .  (C) 2021 Working Home Guide. All Rights Reserved. 
