Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Quality Assurance, Validation Associate 
 Aurora Cannabis 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Aurora Cannabis is an industry leading licensed producer (LP) of medical cannabis operating under Health Canada's Cannabis Act. We are currently looking for highly motivated employees to join our team to help operate our new cutting-edge Aurora Sky facility located in the Leduc County at the Edmonton International Airport. 
 Aurora's "patients first" policy guarantees that every hire to the company contributes to our vision of holistic wellness, passion for nature with a focus on an evidence-based approach to the latest growing and cultivating techniques. 
 Aurora abides by the strictest set of quality control and testing protocols which have established the standard for all other LPs operating within the Cannabis Act. The Aurora Standard is a promise to provide the highest grade medical cannabis at affordable prices, delivered to the doors of our clients as quickly as possible. 
 We are looking for people with enthusiasm in serving others, while bringing their own unique expertise into the Aurora family. 
 QUALITY ASSURANCE VALIDATION ASSOCIATE 
 MAIN RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Develop equipment qualification and process validation plans, protocols, flow diagrams, test cases). 
Create and maintain Cleaning Validation protocols and risk assessments. 
Assists in the execution of qualification/validation protocols for production equipment, process validation and cleaning validation 
Provide training specific to validation protocol requirements for sampling, to the production department 
Write Standard Operating Procedures on validation and qualification methods. 
Create process flow charts and value stream mapping, including critical risk factors, inputs and outputs. 
Conduct process validations and equipment qualifications on new or existing processes or equipment in accordance with internal protocols and external standards (GMP, GPP, Health Canada). 
Apply statistical methods (as required) in process validations and equipment qualifications 
Collaborate with internal stakeholders to ensure equipment is qualified/re-qualified and processes are validated/re-validated as required and according to schedule. 
Identify deviations from established process or equipment standards and provides recommendations for resolving deviations. 
Participate in internal or external training programs to maintain knowledge of validation and qualification principles, industry trends, or novel technologies. 
Assist in training equipment operators or other staff on validation and qualification protocols. 
Design validation study features, such as sampling and testing. 
Collaborate with all stakeholders (QA/QC, R&D, Operations, Laboratory, Product Development etc.) to ensure validation and qualification needs are met. 
Prepare detailed reports or design statements, based on results of validation and qualification tests or reviews of procedures and protocols. 
Resolve testing problems by modifying testing methods or revising test objectives and standards 
Collaborate with external vendors as required. 
Conduct audits in collaboration with the Quality audit team of validation or qualifications to ensure compliance to GMP, and Health Canada. 
Other duties as assigned. 
 REQUIREMENTS: 
Systems and process thinker who understands the importance of continuous improvement and how it fits within the Quality Management System and Risk Management. 
Previous experience in process design, flow mapping, writing and conducting process validations and equipment qualifications. 
Demonstrated ability in project management and project management tools. 
Strong computer skills (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, etc.). 
Must be well organized. 
Exceptional listening, communication, analytical and problem-solving skills. 
Ability to handle multiple priorities and a dynamic changing environment. 
Able to bring innovative solutions to process and equipment design and flow mapping. 
Flexible, adaptable and previous experience in a fast-paced environment. 
Strong relationship-building capabilities. 
Collaborative, team-oriented and versatile. 
 Degree or diploma in a relevant field, such as:  Pharmaceuticals, Biotechnology, Engineering, Manufacturing, Quality Assurance, Quality Control, Laboratory Sciences Certification as a Quality Engineer, Process Analysis, Continuous Process Improvement, LEAN or Six Sigma considered an asset. 
1 to 3 years of experience in Validation, with experience in equipment qualification, process and cleaning validation 
2 to 5 years of experience of working in Production/Quality department in pharmaceutical manufacturing environment 
Familiarity with regulatory requirements with respect to validation and qualification activities in pharmaceutical industry 
Certification in Project Management, while not required is considered a plus. 
Knowledge of GMP, Health Canada and ISO regulations. 
 Aurora Cannabis Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
