
 Ipu Kererū 
 Blog of the New Zealand Association for Research in Education 
 Menu Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 About this blog 
 
 
 Information for contributors 
 
 
 About NZARE 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Facebook  
 
 
 October 15, 2020October 20, 2020   NZARE 
 Television changed our day jobs: Part I 
 Dr Cathy Buntting , University of Waikato 
 Featured Photo: Team zui – Tom Goulter (multimedia editor), Vanya Bootham (technical editor), Stephen Ross (script writer), Angela Schipper (script writer), Toni Cassrels (ERO quality assurance), Andrea Soanes (script writer), Cathy Buntting (script writer), Shawn Cooper (teacher presenter), Rachel Douglas (multimedia editor), Anne Barker (script writer), Suzy Cato (presenter) 
 Welcome to Part I of this  two-part blog  where we share some of the ** ‘inside story’   behind the  educational television  channels broadcast during the ** __  Covid-19 lockdowns in Aotearoa New Zealand. On 7 April 2020, two weeks into Aotearoa’s nation-wide lockdown, Education Minister Chris Hipkins announced the development of two new educational television channels to support school students’ at home learning. The channels would go to air one week later, on 15 April, as a joint initiative between the Education Review Office, Ministry of Education, Te Kura, and TVNZ. These organisations were already reaching out to their networks. As the much-loved television educator  Suzy Cato, reported:  "It's had a very fast turnaround. Nothing like this has ever been done before.” 
 This blog shares some personal insights into life behind the scenes for one of the script writing teams, and members of the ERO/Ministry of Education/Te Kura quality assurance team. In **_ Part II,  presenters Suzy Cato and Shawn “the science guy” Cooper _**reflect on some of their experiences filming junior, middle and senior maths and science episodes. 
 Writing scripts for educational television 
 The  Science Learning Hub  team was one of several organisations approached about writing content for the proposed television channels. The Hub is funded by MBIE and managed out of the University of Waikato to connect scientists and educators by making the stories of NZ science more accessible and visible to school audiences and the wider communities. With hundreds of  multimedia resources and stories of science  in action, we were well positioned to get involved. By way of preparation, draft script templates produced by the Ministry of Education-ERO-Te Kura team had been shared “in case the initiative went ahead”, and in less than a week the team had added script writing to their day jobs. 
 Over the next 6.5 weeks, the Science Learning Hub team, with support from the University of Waikato’s  Te Whai Toi Tangata, Institute of Professional Learning , would deliver an incredible 57 scripts targeting junior (Years 1-3), middle (Years 4-6) and senior (Years 7-10) science. Across these scripts, more than 170,000 words would be written, permissions secured to use more than 1,000 images, and over 250 Science Learning Hub videos showcased. Some scripts, with a cross-curricular maths and science focus, were written in collaboration with Education Technology (who run  nzmaths.co.nz ) – a team we met the day before our first collaborative script was required. (Go collaboration!) 
 Elsewhere in Aotearoa, other teams were frantically organising themselves to deliver scripts to support the channels’ other segments. This  Youtube clip  is often shared in educational contexts to showcase the challenges of ‘building a plane while it’s flying’. Here, we were in the midst of building a television channel – whilst it was going to air! 
 _' Shawn the Science Guy' on the set in the early days of Home Learning TV Filming _ 
 Key to the successful delivery of episode scripts was frequent, transparent communication with the Ministry of Education. There was also a step-change after we met the presenters – Suzy Cato and Shawn Cooper – and were able to work with them as they prepared for filming. Episode topics were selected based on potential for audience engagement, resource availability, and the Ministry of Education’s themes of **  belonging, identity, social justice, Matariki, NZ history, construction, and careers. ** 
 Although shifting timelines meant that writing teams were constantly under the pump, everyone pulled together with a strong sense of shared purpose – and with no access to takeaway kai, whānau learned to cook while our writing team focused on what needed to be done for scripts to be submitted. The irony was that the week previously we’d created  this video  exhorting viewers to be realistic and kind with themselves about what working from home during lockdown might mean. 
 Quality assurance 
 After scripts were submitted to the Ministry of Education, a small team of staff from the Ministry and the Education Review Office reviewed each one against a rigorous set of 18 criteria. These were based on principles of  Universal Design for Learning  and the OECD’s  seven principles of learning as they apply to Aotearoa New Zealand , for example, the episodes would support social engagement, interaction and participation; contain content relevant to learners from a range of cultural backgrounds; value Māori and Pacific beliefs, culture and languages; contain engaging and interesting activities; and allow for multiple means of engagement with tasks and multiple levels of demand. 
 Again, turnaround time was fierce and any modifications needed to be negotiated at pace. However,  Toni Cassrels from ERO  reflects that, “being such an integral part of the process was very exciting. It was an opportunity to collaborate with the writers and presenters to influence viewers, including sharing contemporary pedagogy with children, parents and teachers. The writers and presenters were focused on quality, the learning not the task, high expectations and scaffolding to support success. There was a real sense of satisfaction knowing we were providing a  quality alternative to address the inequity of digital access .” 
 From scripts to episodes  … 
 …To be continued!  Read Part II  of this blog for reflections by Suzy Cato and Shawn “the science guy” Cooper, presenters of  the junior, middle and senior science episodes. 
 
 Dr Cathy Buntting is the Director of the Wilf Malcolm Institute of Educational Research at the University or Waikato. Cathy is also an award-winning   Science Learning Hub  and Principal Investigator for  On2Science: Multiple affordances for learning through participation in online citizen science . Her research interests straddle science, technology and STEM education across the school years, with a strong focus on innovative approaches to education in these disciplines. Cathy is passionate about the teaching-research nexus, and development of teacher-facing educational resources. 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 Email 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 
 
 Uncategorized 
 
 
 Covid-19 lockdown educational TV 
 
 
 Educational Television 
 
 
 maths 
 
 
 science 
 
 
 Science Learning Hub 
 
 
 Post navigation 
 Previous COVID is a reason to do more, not less, for our children 
 Next Television changed our day jobs: Part II 
 One comment 
 
 Television changed our day jobs: Part II- Ipu Kererū  says: 
 
 October 16, 2020 at 8:00 am 
 […] channels broadcast during the COVID lockdowns in Aotearoa New Zealand. This blog builds on Part I, in which Cathy Buntting shares insights from the teams involved in writing and reviewing the […] 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Welcome to Ipu Kererū! 
 Enter your email address to follow our blog. You'll receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow! 
 Search this blog 
 Search for: 
 Join NZARE on Facebook 
 
 Join NZARE on Facebook 
 
 Tags 
 21st century learning   Academic life   Arts education   Assessment   Behaviour   Bullying   Careers   Child development   Communities of Learning   Covid-19   Culture   Curriculum   Diversity   Doctoral research   Early childhood   Education Conversation   Education for sustainability   Election 2017   Equity   Future   Gifted education   Governance   Government initiatives   Health   History of NZ education   Home-school relationships   Inclusive education   Initial teacher education   International assessment   International students   Kaupapa Māori research   Kia Aroha College 2017   Language   Latest international research   Latest NZ research   Literacy   Masters research   Mathematics and statistics   Modern learning environments   Māori   NZARE-supported international presentation   NZARE award winner   NZARE conference 2017   NZARE student travel grant recipient   NZARE top 10   NZ education policy   NZJES   Opinion   Parenting   Pasifika   Pasifika education   Pedagogy   Policy and practice   Postgraduate experiences   Primary schooling   Professional development   Public education   Public scholarship   Qualitative research   Racism   Research impact   Research methods   School climate   Schooling   School leadership   Secondary schooling   Social justice   Student researchers   Student voice   Teachers and teaching   Technology   Te Reo Māori   Tertiary education   TLRI research   Wellbeing 
 
 Website Powered by WordPress.com . 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
