Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Tooling Lead 
 Aecon Group 
 __Kincardine, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Reporting to the Tooling Manager, the Tooling Lead / Specialist is a highly motivated, self-starter, who will provide technical support for the Fuel Channel and Feeder tooling, as part of the overall Bruce Power Fuel Channel and Feeder Replacement project. The role will be divided into two subsequent phases; Phase 1 is tooling acceptance based in Cambridge, and Phase 2 is site execution based in Kincardine. Phase 1 is currently in progress, whereas Phase 2 is planned to start in April 2020. There are hundreds of tools required to perform the work, from simple manual hand delivered tools to sophisticated remotely operated robotic tools used to handle highly radioactive components. 
 Key Responsibilities 
Single point of contact and a Subject Matter Expert (SME) for specific tooling 
 Witness tool testing at Integration Facility and other vendors as required 
 Identify, report, contribute and obtain resolution for any deviations from the design requirements or testing criteria using Adverse Condition or Event Reports (ACERS) 
 As an integral part of the Tooling Turnover process from Bruce Power to Shoreline Power Group, be accountable for accepting tooling based on pre-determined criteria. 
 Assist in the development of the Comprehensive Work Packages 
 Accountable for weekly schedule updates 
 Provide engineering direction and support for each assigned toolset (applicable through testing, readiness, execution, post-use and assessment) 
 Establish and maintain interfaces with other internal groups, subcontractors and suppliers 
 Maintain high standards related to final product quality 
Identify continuous improvements to processes 
Participate in meetings with other internal and external groups 
 Clearly communicate with the client to ensure accurate and comprehensive understanding of the tooling needs are understood 
 When assigned to shift crews, work in a team setting with Construction trades, Shift Management and Shift Engineers to track tool performance, troubleshoot problems, and provide direction to tooling maintenance crews. 
 Prepare daily shift logs to track tool performance, summarize maintenance and document troubleshooting steps. 
Required Knowledge & Skills 
Engineering Degree, Technologist Diploma (Mechanical), Technician Certificate or equivalent based on experience. 
Preference for experiences with automated tooling- as a tool maker, machinist, tool designer or end-use operator 
Preference for some experience working in a nuclear power plant, otherwise the ability to obtain Bruce Power site-specific training for nuclear energy workers (such as radiation protection, respirator, fall arrest, etc.) 
 Effective communicator within a large team 
 Ability to prioritize tasks to meet your deliverables 
 Ability to lead troubleshooting efforts and muster the appropriate support when required. 
 Thrive in a fast-paced environment 
Demonstrated experiences working safely and within a quality program 
Shift work during execution (phase 2) 
Travel as necessary 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
