If you're seeing this message, that means  JavaScript has been disabled on your browser  , please  enable JS  to make this app work. 
 Dismiss 
 BEVERAGE CART JOCKEYS ~ Golf Course 
 Wedgewood Weddings Brentwood](/careers/wedgewood-weddings) Brentwood, CA 
 Share 
 
 
 compensation depends on experience 
+ Tips 
 
 
 Part Time 
 
 
 401K / Retirement, Meal Plan / Free Food 
 
 
 Employer Very Unlikely to Respond 
 
 
 _  Are you a skilled bartender? _ 
 _  Do you thrive in an environment where everyone is having fun? _ 
 Are you polite, professional and passionate about fantastic guest service? 
 _  If your answer is yes, we may be a match! _ 
 Wedgewood  is hiring  BARTENDERS ! The hours are mainly on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday (both day and evening shifts) but we have plenty of weekday daytime/weekday evening shifts as well. This opportunity is a perfect "2nd" job and an excellent fit for students or anyone with a flexible schedule. 
 This opportunity can provide a fantastic source of supplemental income without having to make a considerable scheduling commitment. Make those bills go away with a little Friday night and weekend wedding fun. 
 Only  hard-core drink slingers  need to apply! You MUST have solid bartending skills and understand, embrace and  CELEBRATE  the urgency of a busy bar. 
 Remember, we work when our clients and guests play, so weekend availability is needed. 
 Wedgewood Bartender  Responsibilities include: 
 
 Preparing amazing cocktails 
 Consistently offer professional, friendly and engaging service 
 Have full knowledge of beer, wine and cocktails and their preparation/presentation 
 Follow company policies, procedures, and service standards 
 Follow all safety and sanitation policies when handling food and beverage 
 
 Be a part of the beautiful weddings and memorable events we produce! As a  Bartender  with  Wedgewood  , you will help create unique events that our clients and guests will cherish and remember. Your ability to work as a team player combined with your service skills and your engaging personality will ensure that our guests have a memorable experience. 
 At  Wedgewood  , we foster and celebrate diversity, respect, teamwork and exceptional guest service. 
 _  Are you our next Wedgie? Please apply ASAP! We will review your application promptly. We look forward to learning about you, your experience and your excellence! _ 
 
 
 At  Wedgewood  , we are committed to being a great place to work! From growth opportunities to our dynamic  " Wedge"  culture, we work hard to provide a foundation for building successful careers. To be one of us, you need to have these building blocks: 
 
 Fiery passion for success in the wedding/event industry 
 Devotion to hospitality 
 Excellent attention to detail 
 Flawless communication skills 
 
 Our ultimate goal is to deliver the best value, service and convenience (or, our trademark  Valservenience™  ) to every client, every time. To achieve that goal, we hire the most highly qualified people in the industry who share our philosophy. Our company culture fosters diversity, teamwork, brilliant guest service and individual accountability. Would you like to join us? We hope so! 
 More positions available 
 Apply Now 
 Apply Now 
 Password must have at least 8 characters 
 Continue 
 Already have a Workpop account? 
 Don't have an email address? 
 or 
 Continue with Facebook 
 By continuing using any of the actions above you acknowledge that you have read and agreed to Workpop's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Workpop is the preferred hiring service for employers and candidates worldwide. 
