Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Investment Associate (Humanitarian) 
 University Health Network 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Grand Challenges Canada (GCC) is seeking an Investment Associate to support a growing portfolio of TTS investments for the Creating Hope in Conflict Humanitarian Grand Challenge. 
 GCC, funded by the Government of Canada, is dedicated to supporting Bold Ideas with Big Impact®. The bold ideas we support integrate science and technology, social and business innovation - we call this Integrated Innovation®. We have a determined focus on results, and on saving and improving lives. 
 “Creating Hope in Conflict:  A Humanitarian Grand Challenge” is a partnership of the U.S. Agency for International Development (USAID), the UK Foreign, Commonwealth & Development Office (FCDO), the Government of the Netherlands Ministry of Foreign Affairs, and Grand Challenges Canada. Together, we seek life-saving or life-improving innovations to help the most vulnerable and hardest-to-reach people impacted by humanitarian crises caused by conflict. 
 We are a motivated, dedicated and diverse team who are seeking someone to fill this new role. The key functions are about supporting and monitoring innovators, helping sign contacts with them. We care about improving the humanitarian system through supporting people who have great ideas. 
 Formally reporting to the Investment Manager and working closely with the Director of Humanitarian Innovation, Program Associate, Program Analyst and the broader Humanitarian Innovation team, the Investment Associate plays a key role in developing, shaping and managing a growing portfolio of TTS investments in innovative products, services and implementation models, while providing critical support to the Investment Manager on deal negotiations, grant and contract management, monitoring progress and outcomes of projects and contributing to portfolio analyses. 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Plan negotiation process: determine work plan, coordinate team and contractors, and mitigate risks as needed 
 Engage in negotiations of term sheets and their translation into investment agreements, including the development of appropriate funding structures 
 Ensure fiscal deadlines and department objectives are achieved, adjusting the work plan as needed with minimal strategic input from the Investment Manager. 
 Flag and raise issues and recommend course of action to resolve problems 
 Prioritize as needs change 
 Answer project-related questions from grantees (i.e innovators) and contractors (typically people who support innovators) 
 Be the primary point of contact for grantee nominees 
 Process, coordinate and draft grant and contract amendments 
 Review critical project milestones and issue recommendation for payment 
 Monitor key project milestones achievement 
 Enable the achievement of project results by grantees 
 Lead collection of reports and validation 
 Develop documents for governance groups 
 Lead ongoing quality improvement processes 
 Recommend potential improvements and coordinate with relevant team members to test, adopt and communicate new changes 
 Support the development and execution of organizational work plans, critical paths, processes, roles and responsibilities, change control, documentation design, risk mitigation/contingencies, with minimal strategic input from Investment Managers 
 
 Desired Qualifications 
 
 A Master’s Degree in a relevant discipline or equivalent life experience 
 Experience of program support and/or grant administration experience 
 Project Management experience preferred; certification an asset 
 Experience working in a start-up is an asset 
 Demonstrated proficiency with word-processing, database and spreadsheet software (including but not limited to the Microsoft Office suite) 
 Knowledge of corporate finance and investments an asset 
 Demonstrated commitment to impact; proactive, balancing planning and execution 
 Demonstrated problem solving skills 
 Excellent organizational and time management skills 
 Highly developed interpersonal skills with demonstrated ability to work well independently and within a team 
 Excellent verbal and written communications skills 
 
 People with disabilities are encouraged to apply. People with lived experiences of humanitarian crisis are encouraged to apply. 
 If you are interested in making your contribution at UHN, please apply on-line. You will be asked to copy and paste as well as attach your resume and covering letter. You will also be required to complete some initial screening questions. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
