  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Sefton, England 
 Rate:  £28 - £29 per hour 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Social Worker 
 Service Care Solutions are looking for experienced Children's Social Worker to work on behalf of Sefton Council, this role will be working within their locality team and is for an immediate start. 
 The role is full time (36 hours per week) on an initial 3 month contract to be reviewed for extension following this time. 
 Key features 
, Court experience is essential. 
 , The successful candidate will have knowledge of child development and family dynamics. 
, Ability to demonstrate advanced skill level in applying needs-led assessment and planning. 
, Ability to demonstrate in-depth knowledge of theory and practice of care assessment. 
 Requirements 
, Enhanced DBS 
, Social Work England Registration 
, Social Work Diploma (minimum) 
, Full driver's license is desirable 
 To discuss this role further or any other roles we have available, give Natasha a call on 01772208964 or email Natasha.ward@servicecare.org.uk. 
 We also offer a £250 referral bonus scheme for anyone you may know. 
 Once they are placed and complete their probationary period you receive a £250 bonus! 
 Working with Service Care Solutions comes with many benefits, including: 
 
 
 A specialist, dedicated Social Work consultant offering single point of contact 
 
 
 Exceptional referral bonuses 
 
 
 Extensive & exclusive range of vacancies across the UK 
 
 
 Nationwide provider to over 200 local authorities. 
 
 
 Payroll service twice a week 
 
 
 Ltd and PAYE payment options available 
 
 
 Frequent notifications for upcoming opportunities via text and email 
 
 
 Loyalty schemes / bonuses 
 
 
 DBS disclosures provided via fast track online services free of charge. 
 
 
 Due to the high volume of applications we receive, regretfully we are only able to respond to candidates who meet our clients' requirements. 
 
 
 Rate:  £28 - £29 per hour 
 
 
 Location:  Sefton, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Other 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208964 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-22 16:14:40 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Building Surveyor 
 Fire Risk Assessor 
 Fire Protection Officer 
 NHS Recruitment Admnistrator 
 Administrator 
 Support Worker - Vulnerable Adults 
 Social worker 
 Personal Advisor 
 Adoption Lead 
 Social worker 
 Bricklayer 
 Carpenter 
 Community Recovery Worker 
 Drug and Alcohol Worker  
 Carpenter 
 Mental Healthcare Assistant  
 Mental Healthcare Assistant  
 Recovery Worker 
 Non-Medical Prescriber 
 Substance Misuse Nurse 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
