Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Plant Manager 
 Ingredion 
 __Vanscoy, SK 
 Apply Now 
 Ingredion is hiring a dynamic Plant Manager to lead the startup, strategy, culture, and plant performance of our new Vanscoy facility. 
 Ingredion is making significant capital investments to build and develop a new facility to produce protein isolates from peas, with expansion plans to include production of isolates from other pulses as well. Once the investments are completed, this facility will produce ingredients that enhance the Company’s current VITESSENCE® Pulse protein isolate line, to include higher protein isolates primarily for the nutrition, health and wellness categories. 
 The Plant Manager will be a key member of the Protein leadership team and will ensure that Vanscoy facility is effectively managed to achieve optimum operating performance consistent with the corporate philosophy, business strategies and operating plans. He/she will also lead a team to effectively be deployed in a productive, cost-effective, safe, empowered work environment to manufacture product of the highest quality. 
 As a Plant Manager, your responsibilities will include: 
Leadership - Planning, organizing, directing and running optimum day-to-day operations to exceed the customers’ expectations. Participate in the development and effectively execute the Strategic Business Plan, Capital Plan and Talent Plan. Set strategy, KPIs, and deliverables for continuous improvement in safety performance. Ensure that the plant operating plan is fully integrated with other functions (e.g.) Production Planning, Inventory Management, Transportation and Distribution, Commodity Purchasing, Human Resources and Finance, to optimize production and customer service levels. Lead talent, capital and technical resources to ensure high level operating performance. 
Continuous Improvement - Create robust, dynamic processes and systems to enable continuous improvement. Set and maintain plant yield, costs (both fixed and variable), and productivity performance standards. Continuously find opportunities to increase output, reduce cost, and improve efficiencies through the adaption of lean principles. 
Safety - Champion all programs for the overall health, safety and security of our employees, our facilities, and the municipalities we operate. Represent Ingredion with regulatory agencies. 
Culture - Drive commitment and trust through change by engaging individuals and giving them active roles to play in the change. Promote and develop a positive work environment consistent with Company purpose and values. 
Community – develop strong relationships with neighbors, local officials, key government agencies and technical/manufacturing resources to support growth and success of the facility and the plant protein business. 
Employee & Team Management - Identify and develop high potential employees and encourage their professional growth. Ensure that learning and development needs of all employees are continually identified, and appropriate development programs are provided. Partner with the local community to be an employer of choice and a positive contributor. 
Compliance - Represent the site to customers and external auditors. Ensure compliance with all reporting and operating requirements. 
Customer Focus - Bring value for customers through a deep understanding of customer needs. Provide clear strategic direction and communication both to external and internal customers. 
 The Plant Manager is well-suited for you if you: 
Have the passion to drive results and get work done with urgency 
Are an influential and collaborative leader who motivates people and teams 
Constructively handle conflict 
Set, prioritize and enable the achievement of ambitious goals through others 
Courageous & Resilient Leader 
Are am innovative and independent thinker who can operationalize plans for execution 
 Qualified candidates will have: 
Bachelor’s degree in business, engineering, biology or chemistry degree. Masters or MBA is a plus 
10 years plus of experience in food manufacturing, with plant or dairy protein and/or refining industry related experience 
Previous experience in a greenfield / start-up location 
Demonstrated strong people leadership skills with proven ability to lead and motivate an organization, while being able to foster positive relationships across the organization. 
Proven commitment to the promotion of a safe environment and General Manufacturing Practices (GMPs). 
Demonstrated ability to set and achieve production and project management targets in accordance with quality, cost and time requirements. 
Demonstrated capabilities to run an operating unit, including strong conceptual, planning, negotiating, problem-solving, strategy development and execution skills. 
Ability to travel as necessary in support of the commercial team to build and maintain internal and external customer relationships. 
 We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. 
 Relocation Available:  Yes 
 As a Fortune 500 global provider of ingredient solutions, Ingredion offer great careers across various functions. If you are curious, confident, and believe in the power of game-changing ideas, we want you to make us part of your career formula. Successful: Grow with a leader. Ingredion is FORTUNE 500 company with consistently strong financial performance. Responsible: Thrive with an organization that lives its values. We drive relentlessly toward sustainable practices and responsible operations wherever we do business. Meaningful: Be proud of where you work and what you do. Ingredion enables innovation in foods, beverages and consumer products that touch lives around the world. 
 Relocation Available: 
No 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
