Skip to content 
 
 Stephanie Pomfrett 
 The musings of a (human) magpie 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Work with me 
 About Me 
 Online and Magazine Work 
 Contact 
 PR/Disclaimer/Advertising 
 
 How I left my job and changed career 
 January 20, 2018 
 A year ago today, I resigned from my ten-year teaching career. I remember it well, mainly because it was the day of Trump's inauguration and I'd had no sleep the night before. I'd been planning on resigning later in the term (Benn and I had talked about me resigning the year before and agreed that the best time would be when D started school- no more nursery fees), but for some reason I found myself pouring out my thoughts to my line manager, who was amazingly supportive. I wrote my letter there and then, although I decided I would stay til the end of the year: this would give me time to sort myself out, but also I wanted to see my students through the year. 
 I then began to plan. I saved as much money (read: not much) as I could every month and joined agencies specialising in helping parents find work (spoiler: they were crap.) I spoke to people who could help me- one friend gave me really good advice about CVs. I researched, planned and saved. I'm not ashamed to admit that I was pretty terrified- I was leaving a job I'd done since I was 23, with relatively good money for the days I was in work (but not those I was working outside of school hours) and school holidays guaranteed. I had never looked for a job as a parent. Hell, I hadn't seriously looked for a new job in eight years. 
 The time went REALLY fast. I took the summer off and started looking for work the week after D started school. I wrote a skills-based CV, which showed what I could do (and is easier to adapt for the skills required by each job description.) I also narrowed down the sort of places I wanted to work- charities, public sector- and signed up for job alerts. I scoured job boards for the NHS, the council, universities and the civil service. I applied for three jobs and was offered interviews for them all (I accepted the second job and got excellent feedback from the first. I didn't attend the third interview.) I bought a basic black dress in the summer sales, which I wore with a plain cardigan (I felt like a younger Miss Marple, tbh), but it looked smart and presentable. 
 I was lucky in that I got a temp job for a few weeks, which brought in a bit of money, but I budgeted HARD. I cut all non-essential costs and used the library. During times when I wasn't working, I kept myself busy: looking after the sheep, learning French, going to a free weekly knitting group. 
 I started my job in the public sector in December and it's very different. I'm also working five days a week until the end of next month, which has brought a temporary boost in money but headaches with childcare. I'll be a lot less well-off once I go down to three days, but better in terms of health. I sleep better, I'm happier and Benn and D have noticed a huge difference. 
 I have had to deal with an odd side-effect though: losing a sense of identity that was tied up with my job. It's liberating and less scary now, but it's definitely taken a while. 
 For anyone looking to change lanes, I will tell you it's potentially hard- I was lucky that Benn was happy to pick up the slack, even if it means a change in lifestyle for us for a while- but the rewards can be utterly worth it. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Posted in:  career ,  Challenge ,  confidence ,  Family ,  Goals ,  Health ,  Life ,  self-esteem ,  Stress ,  Thoughts ,  Thrifty 
 Post navigation 
  September, September 
 Tips for walking to work  
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Social 
 
 View @wuthering_alice's profile on Twitter 
 View wuthering_alice's profile on Instagram 
 View wuthering_alice's profile on Pinterest 
 
 Recent musings… 
 
 Baby Steps 
 The importance of being ordinary 
 Bookworming my way through 2020 
 Modern anxiety and teenage tarot readings 
 Farewell, Fleabag 
 
 Categories 
 Categories Select Category #PaperHaul  (1) 52 Polishes  (12) 52 Weeks  (13) Alexander McQueen  (1) Animals  (1) autumn  (3) Baby  (25) Baking  (16) Bath  (4) Beauty Box  (3) Beauty Obsession  (58) Blogging  (3) Books  (102) Brighton  (3) Bronte Challenge  (4) Brontes  (2) Candles  (1) career  (10) Challenge  (36) Charity  (3) Charlotte Bronte  (2) Chocolate  (2) Christina Rossetti  (1) Christmas  (6) Clothes  (13) Colour  (1) Comedy  (1) Comment  (26) confidence  (3) Cooking  (3) Craft  (51) Creativity  (46) eco-friendly  (2) Eczema  (11) Exercise  (27) Eyeliner  (4) Family  (5) Fashion  (2) Feminism  (14) Fiction  (7) Film  (6) Fitness  (4) Flowers  (6) food  (5) Friday Fabulosity  (4) Garden  (5) Gardening  (6) Gift guide  (2) Gifts  (1) Giveaway  (2) Goals  (19) Growing  (2) Guest Post  (7) Guilty Pleasure  (2) Happiness Project  (2) Health  (37) History  (12) Home  (1) Houseplants  (1) How To  (8) Hygge  (2) Interesting Women  (19) Japan  (2) Jive  (4) Kids  (4) Knitting  (29) Learning  (1) Libraries  (1) Life  (121) links  (1) Lipstick  (8) Local  (2) looking ahead  (45) Make up  (43) Mascara  (5) Mindfulness  (1) Money  (5) Monthly subscription  (2) Music  (13) Nail Polish  (17) Non-fiction  (1) Novel  (3) Organisation  (1) Parenting  (6) Perfume  (1) Pets  (1) Planning  (6) Playlist  (7) Poetry  (3) Politics  (4) Pop culture  (53) positivity  (4) Pregnancy  (24) Random  (78) Reading  (83) recipes  (1) review  (124) Running  (4) self-esteem  (4) Sewing  (13) Shakespeare  (1) sheep  (1) Shoes  (3) Skincare  (25) sleep  (5) snailmail  (1) Sponsored  (1) Stationery  (2) Stress  (23) Strictly Come Dancing  (16) Summer  (1) Tea  (24) The Bronte Project  (3) Thoughts  (323) Thrifty  (15) Toddler  (3) TV  (27) Uncategorized  (32) Vintage  (1) Winter  (4) Women  (13) Writing  (25) Yoga  (7) 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Click here if you'd like my ramblings delivered straight to your inbox! 
 Join 2,053 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
