Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Winter Student- Supply Chain 
 Loblaw Companies Limited 
 __Brampton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
1 Presidents Choice Circle, Brampton, Ontario, L6Y 5S5 
 The decision to join a company is a big one. We have opportunities for hard working, energetic and reliable people just like you. 
 Why is this role important? 
 
 Supply Chain Applied Machine Learning Intern (Replenishment Optimization) 
 
 The Loblaw Supply Chain is the heart of our business and is committed to making customers our number one priority. As a member of our dynamic Supply Chain network, you will play a role in ensuring our product – nearly 1billion units of it – makes its way from one of our 3,000 vendors, through one of our 27 distribution centres, to one of our 2,300 locations across Canada, and into the homes of millions of Canadians each year. How’s that for a challenge? 
 If acting as the glue that connects our business together – whether in forecasting; purchasing; analytics; logistics; transportation and distribution; or space planning – appeals to you, we have a feeling a career with the Loblaw Supply Chain is the change you’ve been looking for. If you think so too, we’d love to hear from you. 
 Position Overview: 
As a part of the Replenishment Optimization team, the Loblaw co-op will be leveraging data science and advanced analytics concepts to identify opportunities, develop solutions and integrate them into our core business processes. Our co-op program touches all aspects of replenishment including: forecasting, inventory optimization, operations management, and reporting and analytics. 
 A successful co-op colleague will be: 
 
 Passionate about data, algorithms, programming and statistics 
 A motivated self-starter and a relentless problem solver 
 Able to research technical concepts and solutions 
 Excited to learn and teach new concepts and techniques 
 Comfortable working on their own and within a team 
 Excited about the opportunity to present to company executives 
 Focused on improving processes for our stores and customers 
 Able to manage multiple initiatives with firm deadlines 
 Comfortable working in a professional environment interacting with all levels within the organization 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 Enrolled in undergraduate degree like Computer Science, Engineering, Data Science and Statistics 
 Programming experience in SQL and Python, R, or any other programming language 
 Ability to convert data to insight, insight to recommendations and recommendations into an action plan 
 Knowledge of AI and data science concepts (Machine learning, prescriptive analytics, neural networks, etc.) 
 Familiarity with Git, Unix command line and bash scripting is an asset 
 Experience with distributed computing (eg. Hadoop, Spark) is an asset 
 Participation in Data Science Hackathons and/or a Github link to your data science related projects is an asset 
 
 How You’ll Succeed: 
At Loblaw, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Employment Type: 
Full time 
 Type of Role: 
Co-op (Fixed Term) (inactive) 
 Type of Contract: 
Loblaw recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. 
 Please Note:  If you have Employee Self Service (ESS) on Workday, apply to this job via the Workday application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
