
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Electrical Engineering-Lecturer AY-Part Time Pool 
 California State University, Fullerton 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Electrical Engineering-Lecturer AY-Part Time Pool 
 __ California State University, Fullerton 
 [](mailto:?subject=Electrical%20Engineering%2DLecturer%20AY%2DPart%20Time%20Pool&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/14100324/electrical-engineering-lecturer-ay-part-time-pool/ "Email")  
 Application 
   
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 November 12, 2020 
 Location: 
 Fullerton, California 
 __ Show Map 
 Salary: 
 Open 
 Type: 
 Adjunct 
 Electrical Engineering-Lecturer AY-Part Time Pool 
 POSITION: 
 Part-Time Lecturer in the Electrical Engineering Department 
 This a pool of part-time lecturers for the department to draw on as necessary. APPOINTMENTS FROM THE PART-TIME POOL ARE TEMPORARY AND OFTEN MADE JUST PRIOR TO THE START OF THE ACADEMIC TERM. APPLICANTS MUST BE AVAILABLE ON VERY SHORT NOTICE. 
 MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS: 
 Master's Degree in Electrical Engineering or related field and demonstratable experience in the appropriate field. 
 Ideal candidates will be able to document their excellent academic preparation in Electrical Engineering along with current experience in industry. Proficiency in online teaching strategies and approaches may further enhance an applicant's candidacy. 
 A successful candidate will be expected to work effectively with the diverse faculty, staff, and student body of the College of Engineering and Computer Science. 
 PREFERRED QUALIFICATIONS: 
 A Ph.D. in Electrical Engineering. 
 Preference will be given to those with experience in working with diverse populations and fostering a collaborative, supportive, and inclusive environment. Preference will also be given to those with relevant work experience and those who bring professional capabilities. 
 HOW TO APPLY & DEADLINE: 
 A complete online application must be received by electronic submission to be considered. To apply, please visit  https://careers.pageuppeople.com/873/fl/en-us , and provide the following materials: 
 
 
 A cover letter which includes a statement of which courses qualified to teach 
 
 
 Current curriculum vita 
 
 
 Documentation of teaching effectiveness (if available) 
 
 
 Sample course syllabi (if available) 
 
 
 Undergraduate and graduate academic transcripts (unofficial copies accepted until appointment) 
 
 
 Diversity statement - This statement provides the applicant's unique perspective on their past and present contributions to and future aspirations for promoting diversity, inclusion, and social justice in their professional careers. The purpose of the diversity statement is to help the department identify candidates who have professional experience, intellectual commitments, and/or willingness to engage in activities that could help CSUF contribute to its mission in these areas. 
 
 
 Three letters of reference 
 
 
 Please direct all questions about the position to:  stwilson@fullerton.edu 
 The need for part-time faculty is greatest in the Fall and Spring semesters. The fall term begins in late August and ends in mid-December; the spring term runs from the beginning of February through the end of May. On rare occasions, part-time faculty are needed during one of the Summer session segments. 
 COMPENSATION: 
 Commensurate with qualifications and experience. As a member of the 23-campus CSU System, we offer an extremely competitive benefits package. 
 ABOUT THE DEPARTMENT and THE COLLEGE: 
 California State University, Fullerton is a minority-serving institution and an affirmative action and equal opportunity employer with a strong commitment to increasing the diversity of the campus community and the curriculum. CSUF fosters an inclusive environment within which students, faculty, staff, and administrators thrive. Individuals advancing the University's strategic diversity goals and those from underrepresented groups are particularly encouraged to apply. 
 **** The College 
 The College of Engineering and Computer Science (ECS) is one of only two ABET Accredited engineering programs in Orange County, California. US News & World Report rank ECS as one of the Best Undergraduate Engineering Programs at schools where a doctorate is not offered. ECS is dedicated to educating and preparing professionals to harness the power and potential of the engineering sciences for the benefit of society. We are home to more than 4,600 talented undergraduate and graduate students and each year we award approximately 1,050 undergraduate and graduate degrees in engineering and the computer sciences. For more information about the college, please go to  http://www.fullerton.edu/ecs/ . 
 The Department 
 The department of Electrical Engineering offers an ABET-accredited Bachelor of Science in Electrical Engineering and a Master of Science in Electrical Engineering. It serves nearly 700 students and currently has 10 full-time faculty members. The department is highly committed to student success through various venues such as teaching, collaborative multidisciplinary research involving students, and advising. California State University, Fullerton values and is dedicated to the goal of building a diverse community. For more information about the department, please go to  http://www.fullerton.edu/ecs/ee. 
 CAMPUS & AREA: 
 Standing on 241 acres at the heart of Southern California, the university was founded in 1957 and has grown into a population of over 39,000 students. As Titans, we believe that diverse perspectives deepen our understanding. We are committed to giving students the support they need to graduate while responding to California's revolving workforce needs. At California State University, Fullerton we strive for continual improvement of students, staff, faculty, and administrators through orientations, training programs, and professional development opportunities. As part of the Titan Community, you have access to many campus facilities and services including but not limited to the Grand Central Art Center in Santa Ana, CSUF Garden Grove Center, Fullerton Arboretum, cultural events and performances in the Clayes Performing Arts Center, Cal State Fullerton Athletics sports events, Titan Recreation Center, and the Employee Wellness Program. 
 MANDATED REPORTER PER CANRA 
 
 The person holding this position is considered a mandated reporter' under the California Child Abuse and Neglect Reporting Act and is required to comply with the requirements set forth in CSU Executive Order 1083, revised July 21, 2017, as a condition of employment. 
 For health and well-being, Cal State Fullerton is a smoke & tobacco-free campus. The university is committed to promoting a healthy environment for all members of our community. 
 CLERY ACT DISCLOSURE 
 
 California State University Fullerton is committed to assisting all members of the community in providing for their own safety and security. The annual security and fire safety report is available on the CSUF website. If you would like to receive a hard copy of the Annual Security and Fire Safety Report which contains this information, you can stop by the Police Department in at 800 North State College Blvd or you can request that a copy be mailed to you by calling (657) 278-7286. 
 TITLE IX 
 Notice of Non-Discrimination on the Basis of Gender or Sex and Contact Information for Title IX Coordinator 
 CRIMINAL BACKGROUND CLEARANCE NOTICE 
 
 This offer is contingent upon the completion of a satisfactory background check and may be rescinded if the background check reveals disqualifying information and/or if the information was knowingly withheld or falsified. Due to Covid-19, most federal, state and county courts are currently closed. As a result, our third-party background screening provider may not be able to complete the background screen at this time. As a further condition to this offer, you are authorizing our third-party background screening provider to complete its background check as necessary when the courts re-open and are further agreeing to execute, to the extent necessary, any documentation required in order to complete your background check upon the courts' re-opening. Please note, that continued employment is contingent upon your successful completion of a background screening as required under CSU policy. Faculty rehired at CSUF after a break in service of 12 or more months who have not had a CSUF background check within the past 12 months will be subject to a new background check; rehire is contingent upon the satisfactory completion of the new background check. 
 To apply, visit https://careers.pageuppeople.com/873/fl/en-us/job/496933/electrical-engineeringlecturer-aypart-time-pool 
 Copyright 2017 Jobelephant.com Inc. All rights reserved. 
 Posted by the FREE value-added recruitment advertising agency 
 jeid-106e92188a880b4cb4f63bffeda01f4a 
 
 
 Internal Number: 2073605 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About  California State University, Fullerton 
 California State University, Fullerton is a major regional university in a vital, flourishing area that includes Orange County, metropolitan Los Angeles and the expanding Inland Empire. The beautiful, 236-acre campus is set in Fullerton in north Orange County, about 25 miles from downtown Los Angeles and about 21 miles from nearby beaches. Cal State Fullerton has more than 37,000 students and approximately 1,800 full and part-time faculty members. The University offers 107 degree programs in eight colleges. Accredited by the Western Association of Schools and Colleges, CSUF is fourth in the nation for the number of bachelor's degrees awarded to minority students and first in California for the number of bachelor's degrees awarded to Hispanics.The University is one of the 23 campuses in the California State University System. Since the campus opened, CSUF has awarded degrees to more than 215,000 graduates. Many are leaders in business, government, education, and the arts. 
 Connections working at  California State University, Fullerton 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
