Skip to main content 
   
 __Menu 
 
 
 Register Now! 
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 FAQ 
 
 
 Media / News 
 
 
 Class Cancellations 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 
  __Search 
 
 
 About MCC 
Corporate College 
 
 
 Professional 
Development 
 
 
 Corporate 
Training 
 
 
 Workforce 
Development 
 
 
 Degrees & 
Certificates 
 
 
 The MCC-educated workforce adds approximately $602.4 million in income to Monroe County each year. 
 
 All News 
 Labor Market Data 
 MCC News 
 Professional Development 
 sUAS 
 Workforce Development 
 
 __ Search 
 Contact Us 
 Hency Yuen-Eng 
585.292.3063 
 hyuen-eng@monroecc.edu 
 Contact Us   Register now   JOIN OUR BUSINESS & INDUSTRY DATABASE 
 MCC Awarded State Funding to Prepare Learners for High-Need Careers 
 August 26, 2014 Posted in  All News ,  MCC News ,  Workforce Development 
 BRIGHTON, N.Y. –Aug. 26, 2014- Monroe Community College is among 37 SUNY campuses that will receive state funding to educate and train students for high-demand careers, Gov. Andrew Cuomo announced today. 
 MCC will receive more than $42,000 to expand its curriculum for cloud computing, allowing students to complete courses online toward a cybersecurity certificate. Students studying cloud computing learn to build, test, operate and maintain cloud-based, mobile-enhanced networking and security systems. 
 The funds are in addition to last year’s state award of nearly $170,000 to develop curriculum for cloud computing and to outfit an existing information and computer technologies laboratory with hardware and software needed to provide the education and training. 
 The curriculum is embedded in a cybersecurity certificate program that prepares students for employment as specialists in information assurance, network security and cybersecurity. 
 People who benefit from MCC’s cloud computing courses are students seeking to immediately enter the field as IT technicians, incumbent workers who want to upgrade their skills, and displaced workers looking to change careers. The courses also enable IT professionals to build on their skill sets and stay current with the growing demands and challenges of mobile technologies on computer networks and security. 
 The Finger Lakes region is projected to have approximately 410 job openings each year in areas related to computer security and information assurance. 
 
 Media Contact: 
Hency Yuen-Eng 
Marketing and Community Relations 
585-292-3063 
 hyuen-eng@monroecc.edu 
 Post navigation 
 Older Article 
 Newer Article 
   
 321 State Street, 7th Floor 
Rochester, NY 14608 
Phone: 585.685.6004 
Fax: 585.292.3836 
 Class Cancellations 
 Quick Links 
 
 Home 
 About MCC Corporate College 
 Corporate Training 
 Workforce Development 
 Degrees & Certificates 
 
 MCC Resources 
 
 Resources 
 Facilities 
 Media / News 
 FAQ 
 MonroeCC.edu 
 
 Keep in Touch 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 LinkedIn   Facebook   Twitter 
 
 (C) 2021 Monroe Community College. 
 Privacy Policy 
 Accessibility 
 
