Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Behavioural Support Worker 
 I Have A Chance Support Services Ltd. 
 __Stony Plain, AB 
 Apply Now 
 I Have A Chance Support Services Ltd. strives to support and encourage individuals on a route to independence. Our enthusiastic and creative team is looking for BEHAVIORAL SUPPORT WORKERS who are passionate about helping others. 
 Role Summary: 
 
 To effectively intervene and manage challenging behavioral environments 
 To assist individuals to pursue goals identified in Person Centered Planning Meetings, personal residence, and personal health 
 To support individuals to understand their personal rights, the rights of others, how their behavior influences others, and how to identify and report situations of suspected abuse. 
 To support an individual’s freedom of belief, faith, religion, and culture and assist individuals to practice these as desired. 
 To support individuals in the development of relationships, community inclusion and to assist individuals to become active, valued, and contributed members of the community. 
 To assist individuals in understanding, problem solving, and the development of skills. 
 Ensure the safety of clients, staff and the community by intervening and managing challenging behaviors 
 Provide support services to individuals with respect to maintaining a household, personal health, developing relationships, managing finances, active community inclusion, designated programs, and pursuit of goals identified in Person Centered Planning Meetings. 
 Complete all logs and designated documentation. 
 Administer medications as directed by medical professionals. 
 Complete regular fire drill, smoke detector, and safety checks of the premises and report findings to Residence Supervisor. 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 Clear Criminal Background Check (Please present during the interview process) 
 Clear Intervention Record Check (Please present during the interview process) 
 A Diploma or Degree in Human Services, Disability Studies, Social Work, or equivalent. 
 Two or more years experience working with complex needs individuals. 
 Must be willing to travel anywhere within Stony Plain, Spruce Grove and Parkland County. 
 
 What IHAC Offers: 
 
 Competitive wages 
 Benefits that include a generous Health Spending Account 
 Access to plentiful training and development opportunities 
 Team building 
 Employee appreciation days 
 A FUN AND ENGAGING WORKPLACE! 
 
 Shift Options Currently Available: 
 9:00 AM - 9:00 PM 
 9:00 PM - 9:00 AM - (AWAKE Overnight) 
 I Have a Chance Support Services Ltd. is an equal opportunity employer and values diverse perspectives, skills and experiences within our workforce. All employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, merit and business need. 
 Job Type: Permanent 
 Salary: $65,000.00-$100,000.00 per year 
 Benefits: 
 
 Casual Dress 
 Dental Care 
 Paid Time Off 
 Vision Care 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Support Care: 2 years (Required) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 Drivers License (Class 5) (Required) 
 Security Guard License (Preferred) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
