
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Hot Damn! it's a Full-time job 
 The Mill is looking for an Art Director in Chicago, IL, USA. 
 About 
 The role of Art Director is one of creative leadership, an unwavering eye to detail, and using the design process as a method of solving creative challenges. As an AD, you are responsible for leading teams of designers, animators, artists, and technologists to deliver world class content that exceed the expectations of the initial client brief. Your experience was molded by broadcast, print and digital works. You are comfortable with the process from the initial call through final grade and delivery. You are organized, an excellent communicator, and unafraid to ask challenging questions at any point in the process. You care about the people sitting next to you and want to see them grow and learn. 
 Responsibilities: 
·Project leadership includes conceptualizing of design briefs, planning the 
approach, and leading teams through project delivery. Calm and respectful under pressure. Working closely with our Head of Design and Operations team to identify the strengths with our team and resource jobs 
·Experience bidding a diverse range of projects from 2D cell animation to C4D 
pipeline based jobs to interactive projects 
·Comfortable writing your own treatments and adapting to solve the client creative brief 
·Organizing, identifying strengths within our team, and briefing other members of the creative team and lead successful client sessions for project kick-offs. Supervise and 
Inspire the team to produce outstanding work 
·Create, design and animate when necessary; you should be comfortable working in 2D and 3D design 
·Be involved throughout the project, ensuring a reliable contact with clients and the 
team to deliver results within tight deadlines 
 Requirements: 
·3 years Art Direction experience 
·Solid presentation skills and comfortable with being a client-facing representative 
·Animation experience 
·Ability to translate concepts into creative design and mentor junior staff members 
 Please apply to this position via the SmartRecruiters link below! 
https://smrtr.io/4DMpQ 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7670-the-mill-art-director  
 On-site required? 
 No 
 Experience 
 Under a year 
 Skills 
 Adobe Illustrator, Adobe InDesign, Adobe Photoshop, After Effects, Cinema 4D, Spark AR 
 Date Posted 
 November 9, 2020 (Originally posted November 6, 2020) 
 Managed By 
 Ashley Beadle 
 Perks 
 
 Retirement Plan 
 Dog friendly 
 Great benefits 
 Sweet office 
 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
