WorkInRetail - the #1 site for Retail jobs.  - Your Source for Finance Jobs 
 At a glance 
 Location:  US-CA-Los Angeles 
 Posted:  1/1/2021 
 Closing:  1/31/2021 
 Degree:  Not Specified 
 Employment Type:  Part-Time 
 Experience:  Not Specified 
 PT Hub Dispatch Supervisor 
 UPS 
 To apply, visit:  https://www.workinretail.com/jobs/PT-Hub-Dispatch-Supervisor/J3W7K363C1KRT7Q7BP1 
 Job description 
 Job Summary 
 The Feeder Dispatch Supervisor is responsible for reviewing UPS Dispatch activity to ensure timely and proficient service. 
He/She oversees Dispatch planning and is responsible for ensuring service, safety, and cost goals are met. This position supervises others within the department. 
 The Feeder Dispatch Supervisor collaborates with others (e.g., Yard Control Supervisors, Drivers, Region Schedulers, etc.) to ensure Dispatch plans are executed efficiently. He/She supervises Dispatch planning to ensure loads and tractors are assigned to drivers to meet service goals. This position reviews and analyzes data (e.g., volume, missed packages, delivery failures, etc.) to create plans maximizing Dispatch results. The Feeder Dispatch Supervisor reviews drivers’ hours of service daily to ensure compliance with regulations (e.g. Department of Transportation, etc.). He/She plans yard operations staffing to ensure adequate shifters and drivers are available for load volume. 
 Other Duties 
 
 Ensure adequate staffing levels to reduce overtime costs. 
 Advise Automotive of equipment repair needs to ensure equipment is in good condition. 
 Monitor load movement to identify opportunities to reduce costs. 
 Reviews daily service reports with Hub Supervisors to address performance issues. 
 Reviews daily service reports to verify service levels are being met. 
 Conduct hazardous material audits to ensure safe handling information is posted in trailers per DOT regulations. 
 Reviews safety reports (e.g., Driver Vehicle Inspection Report [DVIR] Car Condition Report [CCR], and Powered Industrial Truck Operator Report [PITO]) to comply with regulations. 
 Monitors shifter performance to ensure trailers are moved to correct locations in the yard on time. 
 Verifies trailers are loaded and empty as planned to ensure accuracy. 
 
 Preferred Competencies  **** 
 
 Detail Orientation: Captures/documents specific and accurate information; learns subjects thoroughly and in detail; completes work with thoroughness; supplies appropriate detail when requested; maintains organized files. 
 Hub Operations Knowledge: Demonstrates and explains proper processes, procedures and methods for hub operations; demonstrates a basic knowledge of common tools, equipment and technology used in hub operations. 
 Ground Transportation Knowledge: Demonstrates and explains proper processes, procedures and methods within ground transportation; demonstrates a basic knowledge of common tools, equipment and technology used in ground transportation operations. 
 Labor Relations Knowledge: Understands basic labor principles and practices; recognizes the importance of positive relationships with unionized employees; identifies unionized employees’ basic concerns. 
 Small Package Operations Knowledge: Demonstrates and explains proper processes, procedures and methods for small package operations; demonstrates a basic knowledge of common tools, equipment, and technology used within the operation. 
 Legal, Regulatory, and Compliance Knowledge: Demonstrates a basic understanding of the functions, regulations, and procedures of compliance agencies or governing bodies; takes a leadership position in programs that reduce risk and enhance safety. 
 
 MINIMUM QUALIFICATIONS 
 
 Experience supervising others – Preferred 
 Ability to work flexible shift hours and possibly on the weekends - Preferred 
 
 UPS is an equal opportunity employer. UPS does not discriminate on the basis of race/color/religion/sex/national origin/veteran/disability/age/sexual orientation/gender identity or any other characteristic protected by law 
 Job requirements 
 To apply, visit:  https://www.workinretail.com/jobs/PT-Hub-Dispatch-Supervisor/J3W7K363C1KRT7Q7BP1 
