Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Student: Quality Assurance Intern (January - April) 
 Solink 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 WHAT’S THE JOB? 
 Being a Quality Assurance at Solink means taking ownership of your work. You will be working with the full R&D teams to learn and succeed. Also, you will work unsupervised with guidance and set your own objectives. Qualities of a Quality Assurance Intern are: being skillful at breaking software and being effective when you communicate. Additionally, the Quality Assurance Intern role includes completing some javascript development tasks to speed up yours and the R&D team effectiveness 
 Please Note:  We are currently operating remotely during the pandemic, however, in future work may require work from the office. 
 WHO YOU ARE? 
 You have strong technical skills and attention to detail. 
You have great problem-solving skills 
You have effective attention to detail and a high degree of accuracy 
You have a high level of integrity, confidentiality and accountability 
You have a strong work ethic and a positive team attitude 
You have strong problem identification and problem resolution skills 
You love Linux or are very interested in learning it 
You are looking for a placement that will round out your education and give you hands-on experience 
You may have skills using Javascript, Git, Github and QA experience 
 WHAT WILL I DO? 
 Participate in new feature development with the product team 
Create new test cases 
Continuously improve test processes 
Drive exploratory and regression testing 
Own the quality of Solink's data integrations 
Develop automation tests 
 WHAT IS SOLINK? 
 Solink is a SaaS company with a flagship product under the same name. Solink connects and synchronizes brick-and-mortar business systems like video + POS data, synchronizing data, and providing insight into loss prevention, security, and operations issues. We find new and powerful ways for businesses to get real value from the data and footage created daily by their standard systems. 
 We are one of the fastest-growing companies in Ottawa and have been named one of the “Four tech companies to watch in 2018” by the Ottawa Business Journal. We’re on a steep growth trajectory, which means lots to do, lots to learn, and lots to experience! Solink thrives because of our team; we know that in our business and in our daily work, people make all the difference. We’re looking for people who are driven by vision and are hungry for each new ‘win’; we value people who can think critically but also celebrate the victories. 
 WHY WORK AT SOLINK? 
 Working with us means you’ll be working for one of the greatest companies in Ottawa, and that’s not just our own opinion! We’ve been celebrated as one of the Top 10 Fastest Growing Companies in Ottawa by the Ottawa Business Journal, and one of Ottawa’s Top Small/Medium Employers by the 2017 BOBS awards. We offer a fully paid benefits program that starts your first day of employment, with an additional $500 spending account for things our benefits don’t cover. We have flexible start times, so you can balance your work and your life. 
 CAREER DEVELOPMENT AND TRAINING 
 Being a coop at Solink you can expect to work with talented, driven, creative and results-oriented co-workers who also bring joy and balance to their work. We want you to gain as much as possible from your co-op experience here at Solink. We do this by setting you up with industry experience and connections for your first post-graduate job. 
 All that, plus we offer….. 
 Free onsite parking 
On-site games room and cafeteria 
Friday lunches, coffee, and snacks 
Flexibility start and end times 
A casual, friendly team offering a great work environment 
A fantastic office in Kanata North as part of the KRP, giving you access to amazing people, networking, and social events and perks. 
 HOW DO I APPLY? 
 Please submit your cover letter and resume to Jedi Apprentice Trainer outlining why you would be the right fit for this position. 
 Solink welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. 
 Solink revolutionizes the way customers use video by creating opportunity through data 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
