Power Plant Men 
 True Power Plant Stories 
 
 Complete Chronicle of Power Plant Life 
 
 Power Plant Safety is Job Number One -- Repost 
 By  Plant Electrician  on September 15, 2014 
 Originally posted September 14, 2012: 
 I found out soon after I arrived at the Coal-fired power plant in Oklahoma the first summer I worked as a summer help that Safety was Job Number One. I was given a hard hat and safety glasses the first day I was there, and I watched a safety film on how to lift with my legs and not with my back. I thought the hard hat made me look really cool. Especially with the safety glasses that looked like someone wore as a scientist during the 1950s. Dark and square. 
 
 The first safety glasses we had didn't have side shields 
 I used to keep a pair with me when I went back to school. When I was a senior at the University of Missouri, Columbia, while working at the Bakery on Broadway, I kept a pair with me at all times, along with a hat that I had stol…um…. borrowed from my dad and always forgot to return. (In fact, I still have that hat to this day). 
 
 A hat just like this. An Inspector Clouseau hat. 
 That way, whenever someone suspected who I was, I would put on my glasses and hat and people would think I was Clark Kent. Anyway…. I diverse. I never thought about it being an Inspector Clouseau hat until one winter morning in the parking lot at the plant Louise Gates (later Louise Kalicki) called me Inspector Clouseau. 
 The yellow hard hat made me confident that I was part of the blue collar working class. Hard hats have a suspension system in them that make them look like it is riding too high on your head. You soon get used to it, but for the first couple of weeks I kept bumping into things because my hardhat made me taller than I was used to being. 
 
 See? The hardhat looks like it is floating above this man's head 
 This is this because of this great suspension system that causes the hat to ride so high on someone's head. I learned about this not long after I arrived and Marlin McDaniel the A Foreman at the time told me to sort out of bunch of large steel chokers (or slings) in a wooden shack just inside the Maintenance shop by the door to the office elevator. 
 
 Ok. Not this big, but pretty large 
 While I was bending over picking up the chokers (I mean…. While I was lifting with my legs and not my back…) and hanging them on pegs I suddenly found myself laying on the ground. At first I wasn't sure what had happened because I hadn't felt anything and it happened so fast. It seemed that my legs had just buckled under me. 
 I soon realized that one of the large chokers that I had just hung on a peg a couple of feet above my head had fallen off and struck me square in the middle of the hard hat. I was surprised by the force of the cable and how little I had felt. I became a true believer in wearing my hardhat whenever I was working. The steel rope had left a small gash across the hardhat that remained as a reminder to me of the importance of wearing my hardhat at all times. 
 Larry Riley used to comment to me that I didn't need to wear it when we were in the truck driving somewhere. Especially when I was sitting in the middle in the back seat of the crew cab and it made it hard for him to see anything through the rear view mirror other than a yellow hard hat sticking up to the top of the cab. 
 During my first summer at the plant (1979), I did witness how easy it was for someone to hurt their back. I mean… really hurt their back. I was helping to carry a very large 30 foot long section of a wooden extension ladder. There were four of us. Each on one corner. I know that Tom Dean was behind me carrying one side of the back end. I believe that Ben Hutchinson and Aubrey Cargill were on the other side of the ladder. 
 As we were walking through the shop, Tom stepped on the floor drain just outside of the A Foreman's office. The drain cover was missing and a wooden piece of plywood had been put in its place to cover the hole. 
 
 A Cast Iron Floor drain cover similar to this was missing 
 Large equipment had driven over the plywood and it was smashed down into the drain making a slight indention in the middle of the floor. 
 When Tom stepped on the piece of wood, he lost his balance, and ended up spinning himself around as he tried to remain holding onto the ladder. By doing this, he became slightly twisted, and at once he was in terrible pain. Back pain. I didn't realize it at the time, but this one event was a critical turning point in Tom Dean's career at the power plant. He was pretty well out the rest of the summer recuperating from the back injury. 
 The next summer when I returned to the plant, Tom was working in the tool room. Obviously a step down from being a mechanic. He was also very unhappy. You could tell by looking at him that he had lost the proud expression that he had wore the summer before. 
 I don't remember how long Tom worked at the plant after that. I just know that it really made me sad to see someone's life deteriorate during the snapshots that I had in my mind from the summer before to when I returned to see a man tortured not only by back pain, but by a feeling of inadequate self worth. Hurting your back is one of the most common and most serious injuries in an industrial setting. It is definitely a life changing event. 
 There were other tragedies during my time as a summer help and they didn't necessarily have to do with something dangerous at work. One summer there was a young man working in the warehouse and tool room. His name was Bill Engleking (thanks Fred. I didn't remember his name in the original post). The next summer I asked where he had gone, and I learned that one morning he had woke up and found that he had become completely blind. It turned out that he had a very serious case of diabetes. The sugar levels in his blood had reached such dangerous levels that it destroyed his optic nerves overnight. 
 Then there was one of the Electricians, Bill Ennis. He would say that he was "Blind in one eye and couldn't see out of the other one." He was actually blind in one eye completely, and the other eye he was color blind. So, what he said was actually true. 
 It happened on occasion that people visiting the plant would be seriously hurt. Everyone at the plant was trained in first aid, and Power Plant Men, being the way that they are, are always willing to do whatever it takes to help someone out in time of trouble. 
 One day during lunch, a man came to the plant to fill the unleaded gas tank on the side of the garage in front of the warehouse. While he was reaching over the PTO (Power Take Off), His shirt sleeve caught in the spinning PTO shaft and broke his arm. 
 
 An example of a PTO shaft on a brush hog 
 I remember Mickey Postman explaining what happened. His crew was eating lunch in the garage when they heard someone yelling for help. When they ran out to see what had happened, they found the man tied up in the PTO with one bone from his arm sticking straight out in the air. They quickly took care of him and treated him for shock as they waited for the Ambulance from Ponca City to arrive. 
 It is times like this that you wish would never happen, but you are glad that you had first aid training and you know what to do. This person could easily have died from this injury if not for the quick action of Mickey Postman and the rest of his crew. I believe other Power Plant Men that were there to help was Dale Mitchell, George Alley, Don Timmons and Preston Jenkins. Mickey would know for sure. I'll leave it up to him to remind me. 
 I have illustrated these tragic events to demonstrate the importance of making Safety Job Number One. The Power Plant Men didn't have to be told by a safety video to know how important it was. They all knew examples of tragedies such as these. 
 Each month the plant would have the Monthly Safety Meeting, and every Monday morning each crew would have their own safety meeting. Safety pamphlets would be read, safety videos would be watched. Campaigns would be waged to re-emphasize the importance of proper lifting techniques. Everyone in the plant had to take the Defensive Driving course. 
 The last summer I worked as a summer help in 1982 was the first summer that everyone was required to take the Defensive Driving course. The course was being given by Nancy Brien (I think that was her last name) and Ken Couri. We learned a lot of defensive driving slogans like, "Is the Pass really necessary?" "Slow down, ride to the right, ride off the road" (when an emergency vehicle is approaching), "Use the Two Second Rule" (Only, I think it was 3 seconds at that time). "Do a Circle For Safety" etc…. 
 My friend Tim Flowers and another summer help were carpooling during that time and we made signs with those slogans on them. Then when we were driving home in my little Honda Civic, we would hold one of those signs up in the back window so that the Power Plant person that was following us home (Usually Dick Dale and Mike Gibbs) would wonder what it said, and would pull up closer to read the sign, and it would say, "Use the 3 second rule", or "If you can read this, you are too close". 
 That was when I began wearing my seat belt all the time. Before that, it was not common for people to wear seat belts. They only had the lap belt before that, and those weren't the safest things in the world. Especially since they would get lost inside the seat. I attribute the Defensive Driving Course that I took while I was a summer help at the plant for my safe record as a driver. There were a number of tips that I learned then, that I still use all the time today. 
 There is one advantage to wearing a hardhat that I didn't realize until I left the power plant in 2001. It is that you never have to worry about hair loss on the top of your head. Whenever you are outside at the plant, you always wear your hardhat and safety glasses. When I changed jobs to become a software developer at Dell, I would find that just by walking down the street in the neighborhood in Texas, I would quickly develop a sunburn on the top of my head. 
 During the years of wearing a hardhat, I may have been losing my hair, but it never occurred to me. Not until I had a sunburn on the top of my head. I wondered at times if people would look at me funny if I showed up for work in my cubicle at Dell (when we had cubicles) wearing a yellow hardhat. Oh, and a pair of super stylish safety glasses like those shown at the top of this post. 
 You know when you are young, and I'm sure this has happened to all of you at one point in your life, you dream that you get off of the school bus at your school in the morning only to find that you are still wearing your pajamas. -- Yeah. I thought you would remember that one. Well. I still have dreams of showing up at my desk job wearing a hardhat and safety glasses. I don't realize it until I lift my hardhat up to wipe the sweat off of my brow, then I quickly look around to see if anyone noticed as I stuff the hardhat under the desk. 
 2 Comment from previous post: 
 
 Jack Curtis  January 22, 2014: 
 The safety meetings, Defensive Driving, safety glasses… it was the same way for telephone men, too. And they jumped in whenever there were problems as well. It is striking to me, to see the differences in attitudes from one generation to another… 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Reddit 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Posted in:  Adventure ,  Biography ,  Culture ,  Death ,  Friendship ,  Heroes ,  History ,  Humor ,  Life ,  Miscellaneous ,  People ,  Personal ,  Philosophy ,  Power Plant News ,  Power Plants ,  Relationships ,  Thoughts  | Tagged:  Accident ,  Ambulance ,  back injury ,  back pain ,  Bakery ,  Blind ,  blindness ,  Bone ,  Broken Arm ,  Carpooling ,  cast iron ,  Clark Kent ,  Clouseau ,  Clouseau hat ,  Color Blind ,  Columbia ,  Columbia Missouri ,  Crew Cab ,  cubicle ,  Defensive Driving ,  Dell ,  Diabetes ,  drain cover ,  drain grate ,  dream ,  Electric Company ,  Extension Ladder ,  First Aid ,  Floor drain ,  hair loss ,  Hard Hat ,  hardhat ,  Injury ,  Inspector Clouseau ,  Ladder ,  Oklahoma ,  outdoors ,  plywood ,  Power Plant ,  power takeoff ,  PTO ,  Safety ,  Safety Glasses ,  Safety Meeting ,  Safety Pamphlet ,  Sling ,  Steel choker ,  Suspension system ,  Texas ,  toolroom ,  wooden ladder 
 Post navigation 
 <- Older 
 Newer -> 
 2 responses 
 
 Trish   September 16, 2014 at 4:19 pm  |  Reply 
 
 I have nominated you for a Liebster Blog Award. I enjoy your work and hope to share that with others. 
 My post including your nomination ->  http://wp.me/p1q3If-Ms 
 Like Like 
 
 Jonathan Caswell   September 17, 2014 at 5:47 pm  |  Reply 
 
 Reblogged this on  By the Mighty Mumford  and commented: 
IT SURE IS…IN MY JOB, TOO! 
 Like Like 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 The Plant 
 Follow this site via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 3,628 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow this site 
 Blog Stats 
 
 240,755 views 
 
 Previous Power Plant Posts 
 
 Power Plant Imps and Accident Apes 
 What's That Strange Power Plant Smell? 
 Power Plant Law of the Hog 
 A Chance for Power Plant Men to Show Their Quality 
 Turning the Tables on a Power Plant Telephone Interloper 
 Early Morning Power Plant Wake Up Call 
 Doing Dew Point Tests and Lowering Expectations 
 Making Friends from Foes - A Tale of Power Plant Woes 
 Vertan or Sand and Making an Enemy of a Power Plant Man 
 Power Plant Pilfering and Being Peeved with Peavler 
 The Ken and Randy Power Plant Safety Show 
 When Enough Power Plant Stuff Just Ain't Enough 
 Power Plant "We've Got the Power" Program 
 Weary of Power Plant Drug Testing 
 Solving the Selection of a Power Plant Solvent 
 Electric Company Substation Transformer Shooter 
 Power Plant Paradox of Front to Back and Back to Front 
 Harmonizing with Dick Dale on Power Plant Christmas Harmonicas 
 Boppin' With Bif during the Power Plant Downsizing 
 A Power Plant Backstabbing Experience 
 Power Plant Women and the EEOC Shuffle 
 How Power Plant Men "Ate My Lunch" 
 Why Do Power Plant Men always Lose the Things they Love the Most? 
 Telling Time Power Plant Man Style 
 Power Plant Catholic Calibrating Cathodic Protection 
 When Power Plant Durability and Automation Goes Too Far 
 Eating Power Plant Pickles, Peppers and Ice Cream 
 Petty Power Plant Jokes Played on Prominent Power Plant Men 
 Prolonged Power Plant Pause Before the Panic 
 Power Plant Men Show Their True Colors 
 In Pursuit of the Power Plant Gai-tronics Gray Phone Ghost 
 Lifecycle of a Power Plant Lump of Coal 
 What do Power Plant Men in North Central Oklahoma Do For Recreation 
 Not a Fan of French Power Plant Fan Filters 
 Placed on Light Duty at the Power Plant 
 Power Plant Lock Out - Tag Out or Just Tag Out 
 Working Power Plant Wonders with Willard Stark 
 Importance of Power Plant Backup Battery Preventative Maintenance 
 Power Plant Phrases Fit for Mixed Company (almost) 
 Moon Walk in a Power Plant Precipitator 
 Resistance in a Coal-Fired Power Plant 
 Something Is In The Water at the Muskogee Power Plant 
 Personal Power Plant Hero -- Charles Foster 
 From Power Plant Rags To Riches 
 Blowing it with Power Plant Retracts and Wall Blowers 
 Serving Mankind Power Plant Style 
 Switching in the Power Plant Substation Switchyard 
 Power Plant Manhole Mania 
 Rivers and Rose in the Power Plant Palace 
 Learnin' 'bout 'lectricity with Andy Tubbs 
 New Home in the Power Plant Electric Shop 
 Power Plant Christmas Party Party Pooper 
 Power Plant Christmas Story 
 Last Days as a Power Plant Labor Crew Hand 
 Power Plant Summer Help Sanity Check 
 Marlin McDaniel and the Power Plant Mongoose 
 Power Plant Carpooling Adventures With Grant Harned 
 Power Plant Weir Boxes and other Beautiful Sites 
 Power Plant Secrets Found During Daily Mail Run 
 Power Plant Men Fighting Fires for Fun 
 What Does a Hard Hat Sticker Tell You about a Power Plant Man? 
 How Many Power Plant Men Can You Put in a 1982 Honda Civic? 
 Power Plant Safety is Job Number One 
 A Power Plant Halloween Election Story 
 Power Plant Adventures with Jim Heflin 
 Life and Death on the Power Plant Lake 
 Luxuries and Amenities of a Power Plant Labor Crew 
 "I Think I Can, I Think I Can" and Other Power Plant Chants 
 Fast And Furious Flat Fixin' Fools Fight the Impact of the Canine Parvovirus 
 Pioneers of Power Plant Fame Finally Find Peace 
 Belt Buckle Mania And Turkeys During Power Plant Man Downtime 
 Power Plant Invocations and Imitations of Sonny Karcher 
 Cracking a Boiled Egg in the Boiler and Other Days You Wish You Could Take Back 
 Indian Curse or Brown and Root Blunder 
 The Heart of a Power Plant 
 Power Plant Final Presentation 
 Power Plant Cajun and the Hatchet Man 
 Power Plant Invisible Diesel Oil Spill Drill 
 Power Plant Blackbirds and Smokestack Jumpers 
 Power Plant Lady of the Labor Crew 
 The Passing of an Old School Power Plant Man - Leroy Godfrey 
 Power Plant Trouble With Angels 
 Power Plant Spider in the Eye 
 Toby Teaches Power Plant Time Management 
 Power Plant Millennium Experience 
 Power Plant Train Wreck 
 Suppressing the Truth about Power Plant Coal Dust Collection 
 Power Plant Men Learn to Cope with "Boring" 
 Making Power Plant Friends with Motor Alignment 
 Destruction of a Power Plant God 
 Hot Night on the Power Plant Precipitator 
 Power Plant Quittin' Time 
 Flying Leap off of a Power Plant Hot Air Duct 
 The Power Plant Smokestack Third Rail is the Lifesaver 
 Power Plant Downsizing Disaster and the Left Behinds 
 Power Plant Black Time and Six Hour Rules 
 Power Plant Men Take the Corporate Mainframe Computer Home 
 Power Plant Men Meet The Wild West 
 Poison Pill For Power Plant Pigeons 
 Black Ops Raid Power Plant -- Power Plant Men Ignore Attackers 
 Power Plant Conspiracy Theory 
 A Day in the Life of Power Plant Man and the Sign Hangin' Chain Gang 
 Power Plant Men Summoned by Department of Labor 
 Lizzie Borden meets Power Plant Man 
 Power Plant Men's Club Prizes and a Story of Luck 
 Working Smarter with Power Plant Dumb Terminals 
 In Memory of Sonny Karcher - Power Plant Man 
 Relay Tests and Radio Quizzes with Ben Davis 
 Why Stanley Elmore and Other Power Plant Questions 
 Power Plant Art of Making a Bad First Impression 
 Wax On Wax Off and Other Power Plant Janitorial Secrets 
 Bobbin' Along with Bob Kennedy 
 Tales of a Tall Power Plant A Foreman 
 Hitting the Power Plant HR Cardboard Ceiling 
 Spending Long Weekends with Power Plant Men Shoveling Coal 
 A Window Into the Power Plant Man Bedroom 
 Angel of Death Passes by the Precipitator Door 
 Mr. Frog's Wild Power Plant Ride 
 Crack in Power Plant Armor leads to Gaping Hole in Logic 
 Power Plant Birthday Phantom 
 Printing Impossible Power Plant Fast News Post 
 Power Plant Customer Service Team Gone Wild 
 Corporate Executive Kent Norris Meets Power Plant Men 
 Do Power Plant Men and Corporate Headquarters Mix? 
 Power Plant Raven Comes Home to Roost 
 GE Geriatric Gentleman and Power Plant Transformers 
 Power Plant Men Taking the Temperature Down by the River 
 Power Plant Trip Leads to Game of Frogger 
 Bohn's Boner and the Power Plant Precipitator Computer 
 Ed Shiever Trapped in a Confined Space with a Disciple of Ramblin' Ann 
 A Power Plant Doctor Does a Jig in a Puddle of Acid 
 When Power Plant Men Talk… It Pays to Listen 
 A Power Plant Man Becomes An Unlikely Saint 
 Where Do Knights of the Past Go To Fight Dragons Today 
 Chief Among Power Plant Machinists 
 Power Plant Safety As Interpreted by Curtis Love 
 Psychological Profile of a Power Plant Control Room Operator 
 Power Plant "We've Got The Power" Stress Buster 
 Power Plant Electric Shop Summer Help Stories or Rooster Eats Crow 
 "Take a Note Jan" said the Supervisor of Power Production 
 Power Plant Painting Lessons with Aubrey Cargill 
 Experiencing Maggots, Mud and Motor Vehicles with Dee Ball 
 Power Plant Control Room Operator and the Life of Pi 
 Power Plant Quest for the Internet 
 Power Plant Security Guard Finds Fame Amid Mass Murder 
 Power Plant Arguments with Arthur Hammond 
 Power Plant Humor and Joking with Gene Day 
 Bob Lillibridge Meets the Boiler Ghost 
 Power Plant Spider Wars II -- The Phantom Menace 
 Final Battle for the Illusive Power Plant Safety Pizza 
 
 Posts by Month 
 
 January 2021  (20) 
 December 2020  (17) 
 November 2020  (29) 
 October 2020  (31) 
 September 2020  (26) 
 August 2020  (31) 
 July 2020  (20) 
 February 2020  (1) 
 December 2019  (3) 
 November 2019  (30) 
 October 2019  (31) 
 September 2019  (30) 
 August 2019  (31) 
 July 2019  (31) 
 June 2019  (30) 
 May 2019  (31) 
 April 2019  (30) 
 March 2019  (31) 
 February 2019  (28) 
 January 2019  (31) 
 February 2018  (9) 
 January 2018  (31) 
 December 2017  (31) 
 November 2017  (30) 
 October 2017  (31) 
 September 2017  (30) 
 August 2017  (31) 
 July 2017  (47) 
 June 2017  (60) 
 May 2017  (40) 
 April 2017  (30) 
 March 2017  (31) 
 February 2017  (24) 
 January 2017  (5) 
 December 2016  (4) 
 November 2016  (4) 
 October 2016  (5) 
 September 2016  (4) 
 August 2016  (4) 
 July 2016  (5) 
 June 2016  (4) 
 May 2016  (3) 
 January 2016  (1) 
 December 2015  (18) 
 November 2015  (17) 
 October 2015  (18) 
 September 2015  (17) 
 August 2015  (18) 
 July 2015  (17) 
 June 2015  (17) 
 May 2015  (18) 
 April 2015  (17) 
 March 2015  (18) 
 February 2015  (16) 
 January 2015  (18) 
 December 2014  (14) 
 November 2014  (13) 
 October 2014  (13) 
 September 2014  (13) 
 August 2014  (13) 
 July 2014  (13) 
 June 2014  (13) 
 May 2014  (13) 
 April 2014  (13) 
 March 2014  (13) 
 February 2014  (13) 
 January 2014  (13) 
 December 2013  (9) 
 November 2013  (9) 
 October 2013  (9) 
 September 2013  (8) 
 August 2013  (9) 
 July 2013  (9) 
 June 2013  (9) 
 May 2013  (9) 
 April 2013  (8) 
 March 2013  (9) 
 February 2013  (8) 
 January 2013  (9) 
 December 2012  (4) 
 November 2012  (5) 
 October 2012  (4) 
 September 2012  (4) 
 August 2012  (5) 
 July 2012  (4) 
 June 2012  (5) 
 May 2012  (4) 
 April 2012  (4) 
 March 2012  (5) 
 February 2012  (4) 
 January 2012  (5) 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
