7/14 
 GROWING CAREERS 
 
 Pages 
 
 
 
 GROWING CAREERS 
 
 Many jobs have gone away during the current crisis, yet their are some industries that are having trouble meeting the growing demand for skilled workers. 
 What are these in-demand fields? What skills will be required and how do you get them? And with technology constantly evolving, what can we expect in the future? 
 THE INTERSECTION OF HEALTH CARE AND TECHNOLOGY 
 
 The health care landscape is expected to look very different in the years to come. A majority of industry leaders believes future technologies will transform how this industry provides services. That will provide new opportunities for jobs and careers. 
 READ 
 WorkingGreen PODCAST: GREEN JOBS WILL BE A LIFELINE 
 
 Paula DiPerna started the Jobs and Environment Initiative because she believed that green jobs would be an exciting and important avenue to environmental solutions. Today, she believes that green jobs can help lead the recovery. In this debut episode of her WorkingGreen podcast, DiPerna explores that idea with Roger Bezdek, founder of Management Information Services, and Peggy Shepard, co-founder of WE ACT for Environmental Justice. 
 LISTEN 
 NUMBERS MATTER 
 
 The field of data analytics is recession-proof. So says a dean from the Wharton School. The demand for data scientists is only going to increase as industries become more and more reliant on data. 
 WATCH AND READ 
 WHO'S KEEPING YOUR NETWORK SECURE? 
 
 With the onset of the pandemic, many of our lives switched overnight into remote, virtual mode. Experts say cybercrime is a staggering problem and highlights the increased demand for a much greater workforce. There are multiple pathways into the field including some that don't require a four-year college degree. 
 READ 
 Produced by Alicia Clark 
 WATCH 
 IF YOU BUILD IT, THERE WILL BE JOBS 
 
 Before the pandemic, infrastructure already employed about 12 percent of all American workers. With an aging roadway system and people heading toward retirement, there's an opportunity to put many more people to work. On-the-job training and work-based learning can get this new workforce up to speed fast. 
 READ 
