Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Ag/Energy Sales Rep 
 Westview Co-op 
 __Drumheller, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Operating in a diverse and highly competitive retail environment, the Agro/Energy Sales Representative is responsible for driving sales and profitability. This position is responsible for working collaboratively others to grow business, and identify new business opportunities. 
 The Ag/Energy Sales Rep will perform responsibilities in alignment with our Core Values and Brand. Responsibilities include: 
 Understanding and following Westview Co-op’s Health and Safety Program and promoting a culture of safety 
Providing World Class Service to our Members and Guests and living by our Brand expectations through our “You’re at Home Here” motto 
Partnering closely with others to achieve sales results and goals and ensure Guest receive expertise in various commodity lines. 
Product knowledge and understanding of financial results 
Looking for new ways to drive sales and grow market share 
Travelling across our trading area 
 Other responsibilities/projects will be assigned as needed. 
 Grade 12 or Equivalent with a preference for post-secondary education (business diploma or degree). Previous (5-10 years) progressive and successful sales experience. Commitment to ongoing development in the industry and relevant designations/knowledge (agronomy, chemical, seed, crop production). CCA, Pag or equivalent experience. 
 We are looking for a positive, approachable and motivated individual with a drive to learn. Candidates will demonstrate the following: 
 Understanding of our Values (Integrity, Excellence, Responsibility, Community) 
World Class Guest service skills 
Strong attention to detail as well as organizational and interpersonal skills 
Quality communication skills 
Ability to work effectively with others 
 A Class 5 Driver's License is required. The hours for this position will depend on Operational Requirements. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
