Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Administrative Assistant 
 Central Hastings Support Network 
 __Madoc, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Executive Assistant 
 We are looking for an exceptional individual to join our team to cover a maternity leave. The successful candidate will demonstrate a passion and a desire to contribute to our not-for-profit organization, helping people in need in our local community and beyond. Administration experience is essential, as is the ability to communicate, collaborate and multitask in a fast-paced environment where the unexpected can happen at any time – and probably will! The ideal candidate will be highly organized and self-motivated, capable of multi-tasking, making decisions on the fly, and working in a collaborative team environment. 
 Excellent computer skills are essential especially MS Word, Excel & Publisher. 
 Job Description: 
 Summary: 
 The Administrative Assistant, under the direction of the Executive Director, is responsible for the successful day to day operations of CHSN according to the strategic direction set by the Board of Directors, all the while acting as an advocate for the corporation’s mission statement. 
 Primary Responsibilities – (may include other duties as assigned by the CHSN Executive Director) 
 Support Activities  - 
 
 assist with Office Coordinator duties as required 
 assist with Food Bank Coordinator duties as required 
 provide agendas, minutes and reports for Board committee meetings 
 allocate volunteers where needed for fundraising and other activities 
 act as spokesperson for CHSN, and establish good working relationships with the public, key stakeholders, business and community partners 
 
 Operational Activities  - 
 
 manage the “HUB” as follows: 
 
 a) ensure tenants’ needs are met and leases are renewed 
 b) ensure functionality of building (utilities, janitorial, grounds and supplies) 
 c) maintain a positive, healthy and safe work environment in accordance with legal regulations 
 
 create, implement and manage communications and marketing activities for all fundraising and publicity events 
 
 Part-time position to cover maternity leave, initially 6 month contract, may be extended. 
 16 hours a week, core hours: 
 Monday - Weds 9am - 1pm, 
 Thursday 12:30pm - 4:30pm 
 Alternate Fridays 12pm - 3pm. 
 Flexibility required to accommodate planned meetings and fundraising commitments. 
 Please send resume and cover letter by Friday November 13th 2020. 
 Contract length: 6 months 
 Part-time hours: 16 - 19 per week 
 Application Deadline: 2020-11-13 
 Expected Start Date: 2020-11-30 
 Job Types: Part-time, Temporary 
 Salary: $16.00 per hour 
 Schedule: 
 
 Day shift 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 COVID-19 considerations: 
Health Unit approved measure are in place to ensure safety and wellbeing staff, volunteers and clients. 
 Experience: 
 
 Administration/customer service: 1 year (Required) 
 
 Administrative Duties: 
 
 Scheduling 
 Running errands 
 Stocking supplies 
 Answering and routing phone calls 
 Managing social media 
 Greeting visitors 
 
 Financial Duties: 
 
 Billing 
 Purchasing 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
