[ 
 Workew 
 Workew is the #1 board to find remote jobs, careers and other remote work opportunities to become digital nomad, work from anywhere and travel the world. 
 ](https://workew.com/ "Workew") Close Search for: Search 
 
 Remote Jobs 
 
 Marketing 
 Developer 
 Operations 
 Designer & UX 
 Customer Service 
 Project Mgmt 
 Sales & Biz Dev 
 Writing & Editing 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Other WFH Jobs 
 
 
 Remote Work Course 
 My account 
 
 Shopping Cart 
 
 
 More
 
 Facebook Group 
 Telegram Alerts 
 Pricing & Plans 
 Remote Health 
 Contact Us 
 Blog Posts 
 
 
 Post a Job 
 Post a Resume 
  __Facebook 
 
 Menu 
 Content Manager, Photos 
 
 
 Writing 
 Anywhere 🌎 
 Posted May 8 
 Applications have closed 
 Eezy 
 
 Overview 
 We are hiring a Content Manager, Photos to oversee a team of photo curators and reviewers responsible for image selection, technical and legal review, curation, and processing for our Vecteezy.com licensing marketplace. In addition, the Content Manager, Photos will regularly collaborate with photographers and our marketing team to strategically build out a high-quality commercial stock photo collection and identify commercially viable content for our customers. 
 The job of the Content Manager, Photos will be to evaluate and manage a team of photo curators and reviewers and support day-to-day operations, including managing scheduling for coverage, reviewing images for quality aspects and overall integrity, clean-up of metadata and keywords for accuracy in accordance with our submission guidelines and standards. You will be enhancing the experience for our contributors by prioritizing image selection and processing with consideration for the market, customers and deadlines. 
 This role will also be responsible for reviewing and pulling data to analyze trends and behavior of reviewers and curators to improve image selection and curation with consideration for key attributes including legal adherence, commercial value, speed, and general quality. 
We are looking for someone who is an excellent communicator, decisive, results-driven and has a great eye for beautiful photography and creative trends. If you’re excited to immerse yourself in stock photography and be an enthusiastic leader who inspires their team members by developing and mentoring to improve overall performance, then this is the role for you. 
 Here’s what you’ll be doing: 
 
 Analyze: Review and pull data to analyze trends and behavior to improve image selection and curation and understand overall performance of team members 
 Learn: Keep up to date with current photography and design trends. Understand what types of content will be most useful for our customers. Sustain interest in the global photography industry and track insights. 
 Curate: Support reviewers and curators as they sift through photo content quickly, ensuring they maintain a high standard for quality and relevance. Identify which files have the highest quality and commercial value so these contributors can be presented to marketing and our customers. 
 Adapt: Quickly adapt to the changes in workflow and processes, goals, and projects that are consistent with the ever-changing startup environment and culture. 
 Develop: Use your experience and expertise to manage and develop a team of curators and reviewers to identify high quality, relevant, and visually pleasing photos for stock photography use, ensuring adherence to legal and commercial standards 
 
 Here’s what you need: 
 
 3+ years of professional photo editing experience 
 Domain expertise and passionate enthusiasm for photography with professional production experience, preferably as a photo editing team lead, contributor to stock agencies, or photo production manager. (required) 
 Comfortable being the escalation point for any issues regarding photo editing or review, as well as legal judgment calls (required) 
 Exceptional at achieving time-sensitive production goals while managing multiple (and competing) priorities and deadlines (required) 
 Certificate or Associates degree in Fine Arts, Graphic Design, or a related field. (preferred) 
 Experience reviewing photo content or other forms of artwork and providing actionable feedback to artists. (preferred) 
 Self-disciplined and able to thrive in a flexible, product-oriented environment. 
 Strong attention to detail and a good eye for quality designs and production. 
 Software: Photo Mechanic, Photoshop, Bridge, Excel, Google Docs, and file sharing systems 
 
 What is Eezy? 
 We’re a rapidly growing tech-focused company located in Bowling Green, KY, with a disruptive business model and an entrepreneurial environment that can allow you to thrive. We're on a mission to make the world a more beautiful place by allowing digital creative assets to be more accessible to everyone. Millions of designers visit our network of websites each month to download stock vectors, videos, photos, and other types of design assets. We put emphasis on our G.A.R.D.E.N. core values because after all, we are in this together. 
 Genuine | Ambitious | Reliable | Detailed | Enthusiastic | Nimble 
 
 Bookmark Job 
 
 Job Page Views:  649 
 Writing 
 
  Website  
  Twitter  
  Facebook  
 
 Full Time 
 More Jobs 
 Position closed? 
 Let us know . 
 Share this job: 
 
  Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Join the Remote Slack Community: 
 
 Signup today for free!  🚀 
 Related Jobs 
 
 
 
 Director of Community 
 Outschool  Outschool is where kids love learning! 
 Anywhere in US/Canada 🇺🇸🇨🇦 
 * Marketing
* December 3
 
 
 
 
 Controller 
 1Password  The best way to keep you and your Family, Team, and Business safe online 
 Anywhere in US/Canada 🇺🇸🇨🇦 
 * Others
* October 23
 
 
 
 
 Product Manager 
 Xero  Online accounting software 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 * PM
* November 24
 
 Find Your Dream Job 
 Recruiters looking for remote talent can find your resume based on keywords, job titles, skills and more. 
 Post a resume today 
 WORKEW © 2020 
 Facebook   Twitter   LinkedIn   Instagram   YouTube 
 Back to Top 
 Nomad Insurance by SafetyWing : The best travel medical insurance for freelancers & remote workers Get Insured 
