Skip to primary content 
 The Traveling Librarian 
 Anything and everything about how to become involved in libraries beyond your doorstep. 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 Book Resources 
 Int'l & Comp Lib Info 
 Sarah P. Gibson 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous   Next -> 
 Jobs: Librarian- Technician Manuals 
 Posted on  December 15, 2016  by   sarahgprescott 
 12.14.16 -  Librarian - Technician Manuals  (2 positions) 
AECOM, Dulmen and Mannheim, Germany 
 Sarah P 's comments : These positions were listed on ALAJobs, supposedly back on 11.17, however because of the recent issues with their site, which I have previously noted, I did not see these until today. This is a rare listing because it is working for a corporation (rather than education) and does not require an MLS, though they are requiring cataloguing skills. Because these were posted on ALAJobs, I assume it means they are open to American candidates, and perhaps other nationalities as well outside of the EU. 
 Position Title  Librarian - Technician Manuals 
 Why Choose AECOM?  AECOM is a premier, fully integrated professional and technical services firm positioned to design, build, finance and operate infrastructure assets around the world for public- and private-sector clients. With nearly 100,000 employees — including architects, engineers, designers, planners, scientists and management and construction services professionals — serving clients in over 150 countries around the world, AECOM is ranked as the #1 engineering design firm by revenue in  Engineering News-Record  magazine’s annual industry rankings, and has been recognized by  Fortune  magazine as a World’s Most Admired Company. The firm is a leader in all of the key markets that it serves, including transportation, facilities, environmental, energy, oil and gas, water, high-rise buildings and government. AECOM provides a blend of global reach, local knowledge, innovation and technical excellence in delivering customized and creative solutions that meet the needs of clients’ projects. A  Fortune 500  firm, AECOM companies, including URS Corporation and Hunt Construction Group, have annual revenue of approximately $19 billion. More information on AECOM and its services can be found at  http://www.aecom.com . 
 About the Business Line: Government 
 AECOM’s Global Support Services (GSS) organization resides within AECOM’s Government business line and is comprised of three divisions — International Development, Operations and Mission Support, and Global Programs. GSS has the international presence, personnel networks and procurement infrastructure to deliver support for any mission, anywhere. We optimize the reliability, availability and sustainability of equipment, logistics systems and facilities for clients around the world. GSS supports the U.S. Government, non-U.S. Governments and industry clients with worldwide program management, planning, design, operations and maintenance, logistics, aviation services, security, international development, environmental and civil engineering and mission and intelligence support. 
 Job Summary 
 This position is located in Dulmen, Germany and is contingent upon contract win. 
 Direct the classification, indexing, cataloging, and storage of books, periodicals, papers, microfiche, classified reports and documents stored on various media (including electronic). Review current literature to determine specific items or data that may be of value to Company and/or customers. Conduct research and investigations and take the necessary steps to secure such information. Provide assistance to technical personnel by conducting library research and preparing bibliographies. 
 Essential Responsibilities: 
 
 Develop and maintain cataloging methodology to facilitate to storage and retrieval of documents stored in the library. 
 Conduct research and investigations. 
 Provide recommendations to the customer as to storage conversion and retrieval of existing documentation to electronic format. 
 Manage daily operation of Information Center. 
 Conduct on-line document reference service. 
 
 Perform all other position related duties as assigned or requested. 
 Work Environment, Physical Demands, and Mental Demands  : 
 Typical office environment with no unusual hazards, occasional lifting to 20 pounds, constant sitting while using the computer terminal, constant use of sight abilities while reviewing documents, constant use of speech/hearing abilities for communication, constant mental alertness, must posses planning/organizing skills, and must be able to work under deadlines. 
 Other Responsibilities  : 
 Safety - AECOM enforces a safety culture whereby all employees have the responsibility for continuously developing and maintaining a safe work environment. As appropriate, each employee is responsible for completing all training requirements and fulfilling all self-aid/buddy aid responsibilities, participating in emergency response tasks and serving on safety committees and teams. 
 Quality - Quality is the foundation for the management of our business and the keystone to our goal of customer satisfaction. It is our policy to consistently provide services that meet customer expectations. Accordingly, each employee must conform to the AECOM Quality Policy and carry out job activities in compliance with applicable AECOM Quality System documents and customer contracts. Each employee must read and understand his/her Quality Management and Customer Satisfaction responsibilities. 
 Procedure Compliance - Each employee must read, understand and implement the general and specific operational, safety, quality and environmental requirements of all plans, procedures and policies pertaining to his/her job. 
 Minimum Requirements 
 Bachelor's degree in Library Science and 2 years of job-related experience or equivalent. Requires operating application software including word-process and spread sheet programs. Position may require the ability to pass and maintain a Security Clearance. 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Twitter 
 Pinterest 
 Tumblr 
 Reddit 
 Email 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  International Jobs  and tagged  Europe ,  Germany ,  international cataloguer ,  International cataloguing ,  International Librarianship ,  International work  by  sarahgprescott . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
