  
 
 Jobs 
 Features 
 Newsletter 
 Login 
 
 Talent  Startup 
 I am a 
 Jobseeker Talent 
 or a 
 Hiring Startup 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign up using linkedin   __ 
 Hello 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign in using linkedin   __ 
 Employers  __ 
 Employers  __ 
 __filters __search 
 Filter by category 
 All Jobs Developer Jobs Marketing Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Manager Jobs Customer Support Jobs Sales Jobs Data and Product Jobs Internships Co-Founder Roles Designer Jobs People and Other Jobs 
 Filter by type 
 full-time part-time freelance 
 Advanced Search 
 search jobs __ 
 Digital Product Designer 
 at FutureLearn Ltd 
 go back to Designer Jobs 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 
 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 As one 3rd of the Product organisation, we are a team made up of 3 UX researchers, 7 Digital Product Designers, 2 Design leads, a Head of UX and Director of Experience. 
 Driven by a balanced combination of data, research, expertise & creativity alongside an unrelenting curiosity. We translate business strategy and customer needs into powerful experiences across the platforms and devices people use every day. Our team culture is open and honest, built on a foundation of radical candour, with collaboration at the heart of it. 
 ABOUT THE ROLE 
 FutureLearn’s purpose is to transform access to education and we're looking for an enthusiastic and talented product designer to join our growing team and help us achieve this. You'll be joining the talented and experienced UX, Research & Design team, within this award winning Ed Tech scale up and working in a dynamic, agile mixed-discipline environment. This is a great opportunity for someone looking to grow their skills while working on something that has a positive impact in a changing world. 
 KEY RESPONSIBILITIES 
 You will be working within one of our product teams alongside product managers, designers, researchers and developers. While also working with other stakeholders to understand project requirements and create forward-thinking solutions that push boundaries and deliver successful outcomes for our users. 
 You will help to drive the user experience, interaction and visual design throughout the entire project lifecycle from initial idea generation and sketches through user flows and wireframes to help deliver visually rich, inspiringly simple and easy-to-use experiences that enhance our brand. You will conduct simple user research and testing of your designs with users, with guidance from the user researchers in our team, the results of which will be integrated into your design process. 
 You will be comfortable designing within the framework of the FutureLearn Design System (see design-system.futurelearn.com) becoming an active participant in evolving and developing it. We will expect you to present your work, with your team, at sprint reviews, design critique and other situations, to groups of people, taking on feedback and adjusting designs as required. In addition, you will actively contribute to other discussions about the product, championing the user experience and FutureLearn brand at all times while demonstrating the following competencies in line with our values; 
 
 Collaboration: The ability to collaborate with others in a team. 
 Communication: The ability to explain things in a clear and non-judgmental way. 
 Initiative: The ability to explore and propose solutions without being prompted. 
 Curiosity: The ability and desire to learn and understand. 
 Design: Ability to demonstrate a solid level of design skills. 
 
 Requirements 
 
 A designer with a good understanding of user experience and digital product design. Ideally holding a degree in design, with relevant industry experience. 
 Your work will show a strong visual flair, with a portfolio full of fresh ideas, and a solid design aesthetic and demonstrate the ability to work within brand guidelines, always showing a keen attention to detail. 
 Super passionate about creating experiences that appeal to users, whilst understanding the need to balance this with business requirements. 
 Obsessed with the details of the user experience, and have the ability to simplify complex problems into an easy-to-use experience. 
 A great communicator, with the ability to get your ideas across through a range of styles, tools or techniques as appropriate, whilst also accepting specific direction and being flexible to changes. 
 Adept at working collaboratively in a multidisciplinary team, being flexible to changes and specific direction, whilst maintaining a positive attitude. 
 Strong awareness of current UX and design trends, techniques and patterns, finding ways to introduce and utilise them in your work when appropriate. 
 Experience of using software such as Adobe CS Suite and Figma in a professional environment. Some understanding of HTML, CSS and Javascript is a bonus, but not required. 
 You will love what you do, be committed to creating excellent work, showing motivation and energy to complete the tasks to the best of your ability, and developing your skills at every opportunity. 
 
 Benefits 
 
 Competitive salary 
 28 days holiday (plus 8 days public holiday) 
 Buy & sell up to 5 days holiday 
 Westfield Healthcare Cash Plan 
 Free access to Calm app 
 Dedicated personal learning & development budget 
 Charity day (volunteer for a charity of your choice) 
 Cycle to work scheme 
 Season Ticket loan 
 Flexible working environment/hours 
 Pension (4% employer / employee contribution) 
 Perkbox 
 
 About FutureLearn 
 FutureLearn is a leading social learning platform formed in December 2012 by The Open University and is now jointly owned by The Open University and The SEEK Group. FutureLearn has over 10 million people signed up worldwide. FutureLearn uses design, technology and partnerships to create enjoyable, credible and flexible short online courses, microcredentials, as well as undergraduate and postgraduate degrees that improve working lives. It partners with over a quarter of the world’s top universities, as well as organisations such as Accenture, the British Council, CIPD, Raspberry Pi and Health Education England (HEE). It’s also involved in government-backed initiatives to address skills gaps such as The Institute of Coding and the National Centre for Computing Education. 
 Applications 
 Please use our online form by pressing 'Apply for this job' below, including your CV and a cover letter telling us why you'd like to come work with us. 
 Please note this role will be a remote role whilst FutureLearn's office is closed. Once the office is open again this role will be a full time, office based role. 
 Recruitment Process 
 Please contact jobs@futurelearn.com if you require any reasonable adjustments or alterations to be made, to support you through the recruitment process. 
 No recruitment agents please. 
 Diversity Statement 
 We value all the great benefits that diversity brings and encourage everyone to bring their whole self at work, regardless of gender, religion, ethnicity, sexual orientation, age or disability. 
 COVID19 
 We encourage freelancers and people who have been made redundant as a result of COVID-19 to apply for opportunities at FutureLearn. We believe that in these difficult times, good employers have to rise to the occasion and play their part in the community. At FutureLearn, we take care of each other. 
 Published at 9 Jan 2021 - Expires on 18 Mar 2021 
 You need to be logged in to apply.   Login  or  create an account . 
 Is this job ad fake? Report it! 
 ×  Warning! 
 __get the latest startup jobs emailed to you 
 Developer Jobs Designer Jobs Internships Marketing Jobs Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Co-Founder Roles Data and Product Jobs People and Other Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Customer Support Jobs 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;  
 and 
  Privacy Policy  
 and Cookie Use. 
 New Jobs Alert created! 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;   
 and 
  Privacy Policy   
 and Cookie Use. 
 other jobs at  FutureLearn Ltd 
 fulltime  Paid Media Manager  at FutureLearn Ltd in London 
 __14-10-2020 
 fulltime  Social Media Content Creator  at FutureLearn Ltd in London 
 __26-11-2020 
 fulltime  Social Media Manager  at FutureLearn Ltd in London 
 __26-11-2020 
 fulltime  Technical Architect (Front-end)  at FutureLearn Ltd in London 
 __24-12-2020 
 fulltime  Software Engineer  at FutureLearn Ltd in London 
 __24-12-2020 
 fulltime  Information Security Manager  at FutureLearn Ltd in London 
 __24-12-2020 
 fulltime  Partnership Manager, Industry Partners  at FutureLearn Ltd in London 
 __02-01-2021 
 fulltime  Senior Product Manager / Product Manager - Consumer and Acquisition  at FutureLearn Ltd in London 
 __09-01-2021 
 fulltime  Senior Product Manager / Product Manager - Learning and Supply  at FutureLearn Ltd in London 
 __09-01-2021 
 
 
 * [Terms of Service](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/terms)
 
 
 Privacy 
 Cookie Policy 
 Acceptable Use Policy 
 Still Hiring 
 
 
 
 * [About Us](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/about)
 
 
 FAQ 
 Cities 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 * [__Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/workinstartups/)
 
 
 __Twitter 
 __Instagram 
 Blog 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Work In Startups 
 This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  Read more  Close 
