
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Zentail (S12) 
 Make commerce simple. Manage all of your sales channels, product information, inventory and orders in one central system. 
 Account Executive 
 
 Location 
 Columbia, MD, USA 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 3+ years 
 About Zentail 
 Zentail's mission is to make e-commerce simple. We are the fastest growing e-commerce management platform company based in Columbia, MD. Our software is the central operating system for leading retailers and brands, making it easy to sell on major shopping sites including Amazon, Google, Facebook, eBay, Walmart.com and Jet.com. 
 About the role 
 Zentail is an ecommerce operations platform with one mission: make ecommerce simple. We help retailers in the following core areas: 
 
 Marketplace optimization 
 Inventory, pricing, and order flow management 
 Supply chain management 
 Product information management 
 Ecommerce business reporting 
 
 We accomplish this by centralizing data and automating workflows built with the user experience in mind. 
 Our mission is to make ecommerce simple. To do that, we have to get the proper tools into the hands of retailers who have a desire to thrive in the new age of commerce. Our mission on the sales team is to identify these retailers and convert them into Zentailians. 
 As an Account Executive, your job will be to uncover the processes, goals, and businesses challenges of each retailer. By understanding their specific challenges, you can best educate them on how Zentail can create value for their business. Adding revenue allows Zentail to impact and help a larger market of retailers succeed. You'll know you are successful by the amount of revenue growth and the number of retailers added. 
 To be considered for this role you must have at least 3 years of quota carrying SaaS, ecommerce or CPG industry sales experience with a demonstrated track record of consistently exceeding quota. 
 Technology 
 Stack: 
 
 PHP 
 Go 
 JavaScript 
 React 
 PostgreSQL 
 
 Problems we're solving: 
 
 inventory planning & distribution 
 order routing with many warehouse set ups 
 user defined automation rules 
 automated translation of raw product data into channel specific product data 
 automated pricing for competitive products 
 a platform w/ appstore & API 
 
 Other jobs at Zentail 
 Product Developer 
 fulltime 
 Columbia, MD, USA 
 Full Stack 
 $85k - $150k 
 0.10% - 0.40% 
 Any (new grads ok) 
 Account Executive 
 fulltime 
 Columbia, MD, USA 
 3+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
