Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Manager, Operational Planning and Projects 
 Loblaw Companies Limited 
 __Brampton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
1 Presidents Choice Circle, Brampton, Ontario, L6Y 5S5 
 The decision to join a company is a big one. We have opportunities for hard working, energetic and reliable people just like you. 
 Why is this role important? 
 The Manager, Operational Planning and Projects is responsible for supporting the Director in delivering high-profile strategic projects and deliverables that directly support the Enterprise objectives. To be successful, they must have and maintain a deep understanding of current business processes, be able to manage multiple projects at one time, and be passionate about working collaboratively with a team to deliver projects on time and on budget. 
 By Managing projects, they are required to: 
Deliver projects on time and on budget as assigned by the Director 
 Design project plans that are aligned to the business objectives, and in line with the team’s project standards 
 Collaborate with and influence senior management, District Managers, Specialists, Store managers and colleagues in all areas of the business including operations, finance, IT, Merch, supply chain, labor relations and HR. 
 Work closely with data and analytics, Labor, Front end and Centre of Store teams , to gather and analyze competitive and industry data, help develop hypotheses, and break down complex problems and develop business insights 
 Work closely with other teams in the business including store level colleagues & Innovation to help identify new tools, processes and initiatives to drive efficiencies, gather feedback, test new initiatives, and manage communications for ongoing projects. 
 Work closely with Finance to conduct financial analysis, competitive analysis, and financial modeling of business opportunities 
 Stay up to date on industry trends and opportunities aligned to current business needs & strategies 
 Other Ad-Hoc duties as assigned 
 Role Requirements: 
University or college degree in Business, or an equivalent in a related field of study 
 3-5 years of relevant work experience in retail, or operations 
 Certificate in Project Management & Six Sigma Green belt would be an asset 
 Understands strategic intent of the Enterprise 
 Passion for operations and, Reflective of Loblaw CORE Values and Blue Culture 
 Effectively communicate ideas and actions with confidence & clarity 
 Effectively manage timelines to ensure delivery of objectives 
 Ability to delegate tasks, Influence and work in a collaborative manner 
 Adapt positively to a fast paced, challenging and constantly changing work environment 
 Demonstrated skills in relationship building and influencing to achieve results 
 Strong team player with self-discipline and motivation 
 Strong organizational, planning and strategic execution skills 
 Strong analytical, problem solving and judgment skills 
 Solid technical skills (Word, Excel, Power point, Outlook, SharePoint, SAP, ECC) 
 How You’ll Succeed: 
At Loblaw, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Employment Type: 
Full time 
 Type of Role: 
Regular 
 Type of Contract: 
Loblaw recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. 
 Please Note:  If you have Employee Self Service (ESS) on Workday, apply to this job via the Workday application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
