Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 9 Tips for Balancing Work and School 
 Julie Ellis    11th December    Career   Leave a Comment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=9%20Tips%20for%20Balancing%20Work%20and%20School%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fcareer%2Fworking-while-in-college%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 If you are like most students, you probably have to earn at least some money to keep up with living expenses. 
 You may even need to earn wages to offset some of the costs of your tuition and other educational expenses. 
 This means getting, at the very least, a  part-time job . 
 Some students are able to balance work and school with no issues. 
 However, these students often do not have challenging class schedules, nor do they have particularly challenging jobs. 
 If you are in rigorous classes, if you work many hours per week, or if you have a job that is mentally or physically taxing, balancing work and studying becomes a big task to overcome. Don't be discouraged. Many people have made it through  college  while also working. 
 Maybe you can apply a few of these 9 tips that are designed to help you  balance work and study . If you are able to, you will find that you are a much happier student and a much happier worker. Most importantly, you may be able to use your current job to help propel yourself toward better things. 
 1. Be Fully Engaged 
 It doesn't matter that you are working only part time. Any job you have while you are in school is going to be the first and possibly only job employers will see on your  resume  after you have graduated. Make the most of it, and contribute all that you can while you are on the job. 
 2. Talk to Your Adviser 
 If you read through your school's yearly catalog, you will find a lot of advice on which types of classes students should take, how many hours they should attend school each week and when they should schedule their classes. 
 Unfortunately, these guidelines don't usually take into consideration a student's need to work. Talk to your adviser about your  work schedule  and they can help you find classes during times that do not interfere with work. 
 3. Don't Pressure Yourself 
 It is much better to take an extra semester to graduate than it is to crash and burn out because you have tried to enroll in 21 hours of school while working part time. After all, you don't want to find yourself in a bad position with your employer and your school. 
 4. Consider Working in the Summer 
 If you work in the summer, you may be able to take on a  full-time  schedule. This may give you a bit of a cash surplus to go toward your expenses. It can also give you the chance to get noticed by your employer. 
 5. Look for Work-Study Opportunities 
 There are a few benefits to doing this. The first is that you get paid work experience working with other students and instructors who have already accomplished many of the goals that you have set out for yourself. The second is that you will be able to closely coordinate your work and school hours. 
 6. Work at a Student-Friendly Business 
 One of the great things about living and working in a college town is that many of the businesses are understanding when it comes to the lifestyles and busy schedules of college students. 
 If you are looking for a  job , ask other students which businesses are known for hiring college students. This will help you find an employer who understands if, for example, you need time off when final exams roll around. 
 7. Consider a Limited Schedule 
 This is especially true if you are a new freshman. In fact, it used to be the policy of many universities that freshmen could not work or even drive cars. That seems draconian now, but the policy of working limited hours seems to be a reasonable piece of  advice . 
 After all, you can always ask for more hours to be added to your schedule. However, if you ask that our hours be reduced, you may risk seeming as though you are not capable of dealing with a rigorous schedule. 
 8. Get Plenty of Rest 
 Balancing school, work and life can be exhausting. In order to be successful at all three, you must get an adequate amount of  rest . This may mean sacrificing your social life at times. 
 9. Be Proactive 
 If you have work demands that might interfere with school, or you have school demands that might interfere with work, let your instructors and employer know. They are more likely to be willing to work with you if they are made aware as early as possible. Both will also note your  planning  and forward thinking. 
 -- 
 Working while in college can be difficult, but it's not impossible. You can succeed at both and set yourself up for a better career if you follow the tips above. 
 (   Photo   by  Shantelle McLin  /   CC BY   ) 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 advancement (41) 
 
 
 Productivity (212) 
 
 
 time management (114) 
 
 
 Work-Life Balance (42) 
 
 
 working while in college (1) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Julie Ellis  |  Website  |  Twitter  |  Other Articles 
 Julie Ellis  – professional business writer and editor. Her wide experience in the field of education, marketing and psychology gives her the opportunity to help all people that are willing to make the marketing world better. Learn more about her and connect on  Twitter , and  Google+ . 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     When It's Time to Go Home: The Pitfalls of Being a Workaholic  
  _ _     How to Impress Your Boss  
  _ _     Listen Up! 10 Great Tips for Better Listening  
 
 Discussion 
 
 0 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 No Comments yet, be the first! 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
