The Settlers Give it Passion 
 Stories from a New York settler 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About Me 
 Here is New York- an excerpt 
 
 <- In which I offically become a legal New Yorker 
 So, I'm married, and survived the hurricane. -> 
 In which I get a new job for my birthday. Again. 
 Posted on  August 22, 2012  by  Kristin 
 I don't know if I just have a bad case of "I still think I'm in school and need a fresh start every August" syndrome or what, but today's my last day at my job. It's also the day before my birthday. Hmm, are we seeing a  trend   here ? (In my defense, for my previous two birthdays, I really needed jobs and was lucky to find them. This year, I just happened to have a great opportunity in August.) 
 I'm happy to announce that I've accepted a job at  Warby Parker , and I start on Monday! Does that company name sound familiar? It's the  awesome online company I bought my glasses from last year . Or, you may have seen a segment of it on TV or an article in Vanity Fair this month - this company's blowing up! I'm really excited about the new job. WP is awesome. I'll be managing their emails, and I'll get to use ExactTarget (the love of my email nerd life) again. It'll be my first marketing job where I'm promoting a tangible product that I actually love and use, so that will be a welcome and exciting change. 
 I looked back at my posts for the last year, and realized that I've only blogged…20 times. The year before, that's how often I wrote each month. I'm not sure how I feel about writing this blog anymore. For the last 5 months or so, most of my spare time has gone to wedding planning, and that's not something I like to write about in great detail (but OMG - 52 days!!). But it's not only that - after living in NYC more than 2 years, the everyday things (like  laundry  and  public transit ) aren't that exciting anymore. It's just life. And mine's shaping up to be everything I could ever want in the next few weeks. 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  Uncategorized  and tagged  Email ,  Email nerd ,  Job Search ,  Life choices ,  Work . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 <- In which I offically become a legal New Yorker 
 So, I'm married, and survived the hurricane. -> 
 1 Response to  In which I get a new job for my birthday.  Again. 
 
 Josh S says: 
 
  August 23, 2012 at 3:34 am 
 Love Warby Parker in concept, though I've never gotten the chance to actually use them. In any case, congrats on your new job and your upcoming nuptials! Enjoy the crazy ride! 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 
 Search this site: 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 Evergreen tweet   twitter.com/kristinyc/stat…   2 years ago 
 Same   twitter.com/NYTMinusContex…   3 years ago 
 RT @ girlscouts : Girl-led. Inclusive. Prepared.  #woke  since 1912.   girlscouts.org/en/about-girl-…   https://t.co/keO7HSCv8y   3 years ago 
 Got a new work bag. Pretty much the only sentence where I'm okay being referred to as a "girl."…   instagram.com/p/BUhEhmHBCqa/   3 years ago 
 RT @ KevinMcCaff : Katy Perry's current SNL performance doubles as a "What Up With That" sketch  https://t.co/fu6uiWQ2XF   3 years ago 
 
 
 
 Other Blogs I enjoy 
 
 A Midwest Activist 
 Ask a Manager 
 Forever Young Adult 
 Freelancedom 
 Hyperbole and a Half 
 I love Memphis 
 Indy Millennial 
 Julu Jewelry 
 Penelope Trunk's Brazen Careerist 
 Sass & Trash 
 Seashells by the Seashore 
 What Claudia Wore 
 You Should Only Know 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 March 2013 
 November 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 
 August 2011 
 July 2011 
 June 2011 
 May 2011 
 April 2011 
 March 2011 
 February 2011 
 January 2011 
 December 2010 
 November 2010 
 October 2010 
 September 2010 
 August 2010 
 July 2010 
 June 2010 
 May 2010 
 April 2010 
 March 2010 
 February 2010 
 January 2010 
 December 2009 
 November 2009 
 October 2009 
 September 2009 
 
 
 
 Email Subscription 
 
 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 368 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 
 
 What I blog about: 
 
 Andy 
 Anniversaries 
 Astoria 
 Ballet 
 Books 
 Customer Service 
 Domesticity 
 Email 
 Email nerd 
 Family 
 fashion 
 Food 
 friends 
 Germs 
 Goals 
 groupon 
 Guest Posts 
 Health 
 Holidays 
 How to live in NYC 
 I<3NY 
 Indiana 
 Job Search 
 Life choices 
 Love 
 Movies 
 Moving 
 Muppets 
 New Yorker Attitude 
 New York Newbie 
 shopping 
 social media 
 The Wedding Industry is Scary 
 Tinker 
 Touristy things 
 TV 
 wedding 
 Work 
 YA 
 
 
 
  The Settlers Give it Passion  
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
