Login 
 Toggle navigation 
 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Podcasts 
 Training 
 
 Session #157 - A Stage Hypnosis Career 
 Jason Linett  |  April 3, 2018 
 
 Stage hypnosis can be a very effective way to promote yourself and build a profitable hypnosis business. While preparation is essential, spontaneity and knowledge about the structure as well as the ins and outs of a stage hypnosis program are crucial to delivering a great, successful performance. 
 In this episode, I share how to harness and leverage success as a stage hypnotist. I’ll explain why you need to build genuine moments in your program, the importance of being present and in the moment while working with stage participants, and the framework necessary to make stage inductions massively entertaining. I’ll also explain how you can use these strategies while working with individual clients to help them achieve greater success and better results. 
 “You are the director of your program.” -- Jason Linett 
 
 The format of most hypnotists on stage 
 The importance of an entertaining induction 
 Future-pacing vs product-pacing marketing strategies for hypnotists. 
 The importance of having a “compliance precedes suggestibility” approach while working with stage hypnosis participants and clients 
 How to select stage hypnosis volunteers that are in compliance with you 
 How I address a common concern for schools regarding stage hypnosis programs 
 How to build up when beginning a hypnosis career 
 Introducing hypnosis vs. showing what hypnosis is good for 
 Why you shouldn’t say “Hypnosis works!” 
 The effect of adding a modifier to “hypnosis works…” 
 Why you should avoid taking sides when doing stage hypnosis 
 Nuances regarding suggestions 
 
 Join the NLP practitioner training and certification program -- a hands-on interactive course created to help you build your confidence and competency to put the NLP technique to use: 
 
 WorkSmartNLP.com 
 
 Get a slot at Jason’s live training and certification course where you get to learn not only the necessary strategies that will give you the confidence to get out there and start seeing clients but also how to put all these tools to use: 
 
 WorkSmartHypnosisLIVE.com 
 
 Get an all-access pass to Jason’s digital library to help you grow your hypnosis business for only $47: 
 
 HypnoticBusinessSystems.com 
 
 Get instant access to Jason Linett’s entire hypnotherapeutic training library: 
 
 HypnoticWorkers.com 
 
 If you enjoyed today’s episode, please send us your valuable feedback! 
 
 www.WorkSmartHypnosis.com/itunes 
 https://www.facebook.com/worksmarthypnosis/ 
 
 Want to work with Jason? Check out: 
 
 https://VirginiaHypnosis.com/ 
 
  Previous Episode 
 Next Episode  
 Related posts 
 
 Session #308 
 Session #308 - James Seetoo on Influential Rapport 
 
 Session #307 
 Session #307 - Taking a Leap 
 
 Session #306 
 Session #306 - Karen Hand on Demystifying Hypnosis 
 Leave a Comment  Cancel Reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Comment 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 Recent Podcasts 
 
 
 
 Session #308 - James Seetoo on Influential Rapport 
 
 
 
 Session #307 - Taking a Leap 
 
 
 
 Session #306 - Karen Hand on Demystifying Hypnosis 
 
 
 
 Session #305 - Eliminating Absolutes in Hypnosis 
 
 
 
 Session #304 - Anthony Gitch on Success in the Time of COVID 
 
 Get Trained and Certified in Hypnosis! 
 
 
 
 
 Our Facebook Page 
 SITE Links 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Podcasts 
 Training 
 
 Click here to get cool hypnosis stuff! 
 Subscribe Now 
 Contact 
 8328-C Traford Lane 
Springfield, VA 22152 
 
 Copyright  Work Smart Hypnosis 2021 | All Rights Reserved 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 [i] 
 [i] 
