Skip to content 
 
 Tillers & Travelers 
 Merrymaking Nomads 
 Menu and widgets 
 
 From Here To There 
 Our Rig 
 Global/Local Neighbor 
 All Saints Diary 
 
 Helping Hands 
 Thank you for your tax deductible gift  Search for: 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 841 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Instagram 
 No Instagram images were found. 
 Jana Holland 
 
 
   Jana Holland 
 
 
 The Hollands! 
 
 
 "The Zone" Phoenix, AZ 
 
 
 Sentrock 
 
 
 Music 
 
 Recipes From The Road 
 
 The Hollands! 
 
 The Hollands! 
 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Archives 
 Archives Select Month June 2018  April 2018  March 2018  February 2018  January 2018  October 2017  August 2017  July 2017  June 2017  May 2017  April 2017  March 2017  February 2017  January 2017  December 2016  November 2016  October 2016  September 2016  August 2016  July 2016  June 2016  May 2016  April 2016  March 2016  February 2016  January 2016  December 2015  November 2015  October 2015  September 2015  August 2015  July 2015  June 2015  May 2015  April 2015  March 2015  February 2015  January 2015  December 2014  November 2014  October 2014  September 2014  August 2014  July 2014  June 2014  May 2014  April 2014  March 2014  February 2014  January 2014  December 2013  November 2013  October 2013  September 2013  August 2013  July 2013  June 2013  May 2013  April 2013  March 2013  February 2013  January 2013  December 2012  November 2012  October 2012  September 2012  August 2012  July 2012  June 2012  May 2012  April 2012  March 2012  February 2012  January 2012  December 2011  November 2011  October 2011  September 2011  August 2011  July 2011  June 2011  May 2011  April 2011  February 2011  January 2011 
 Tag: Joby Morey 
 Over Land And Leas 
 http://thehollands.bandcamp.com/album/over-land-and-leas 
 We are excited to announce that "Over Land and Leas" is available for purchase. 
 Get your download or hard copy today! 
 This album gives narrative shape to the pilgrimage through the storms, blue skies, daily work, and dreams of our common lives. 
 Featuring songs like Washerman’s Field, a riotous song with a strong word of warning to those consumed with power and war. Written in the spirit of Woody Guthrie, Traveling Man is a rowdy composition empathizing with those who have no place to call home. Lanie Done Did, is a murder balled, which chronicles the journey of a young prostitute. The Amaryllis is a precious tale that laments a mothers death and rejoice the birth of a daughter. Lillian’s Daydream is a beautiful guitar piece that preludes the title track. **** Over Land and Leas is a old Scottish folk tale sung with a haunting remembrance of times gone by. 
 Old Man’s Town makes an appearance on this album (first debuting on Ashes To Beauty in 2011) Originally sung as more of a ballad, this new version offers more of the high energy The Hollands! share during their live performance. Haiti was written on an airplane from Australia to the US. Using words from a crossword puzzle as inspiration, this dramatic song ends up being a harking call to help those in desperate situations. Russian Lullaby is an evocative song that tells the tale of those who suffer at the hands of war. The Great Lake Plains is a rollicking song, written in a Dolly Parton vane and pays homage to Jana’s family history and involvement in the underworld back in the 1920-30’s. Rain was written after a personal bout with cancer and is a tender cry for healing. 
 The Album ends with the traditional, Wayfaring Stranger, composed and performed Holland style, displaying beautiful harmonies, mouth harp, banjo, mandolin and Craig’s brawny rhythms. 
 All lyrics were written by Jana Holland, except Lanie Done Did and Lillian’s Daydream, written by Graciana Holland. 
 Recorded & Engineered by David Fuller at Sun Room Studios in Portland OR 
 Produced by David Fuller and The Hollands! 
 Art and Design by Joel Pritchard 
 The Hollands! are Jana Holland, Craig Holland, Graciana Holland and Banjo Holland. 
 This album includes the creative contributions of David Fuller, David Baumgartner, Joby Morey, Tom Cameron, Joh Behr and Dony Wynn. 
 Copyright The Hollands! All rights reserved Dutchy Love Records 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 Email 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Format  Gallery Posted on  April 15, 2013 Categories  From Here To There ,  Gifts and Talents ,  Global/Local Neighbor ,  Home Tags  Americana ,  CD release ,  David Baumgartner ,  David Fuller ,  Dony Wynn ,  Dutchy Love Records ,  Ed Bialach ,  Family Band ,  Folk ,  Indie Folk ,  Joby Morey ,  Joel Pritchard ,  Jon Behr ,  Music ,  Over Land and Leas ,  The Hollands! ,  Tom Cameron 5 Comments on Over Land And Leas 
 The Last Ever Cornerstone Festival 
 “Burn down the building and let free the body.” Lyrics by  Tyler Hentschel . 
 Our hearts mourn as we say good-bye to  Cornerstone Music Festival  one last time. 
 I am at a loss for words and struggle to convey the intense feelings of love that we hold towards this community of creative and precious Saints, sinners and all of those in between. Cornerstone festival is unlike any festival we've ever attended. It is liberating and life-giving. It really is otherworldly, as John Joseph Thompson quotes in his article,  "Goodnight, Cornerstone."  
 We are thankful for all those who have worked so hard these past 29 years to provide a beautiful and relevant place to share sacred space, to struggle, to commune and to create. 
 This was our week in review: 
 Day one: We pulled into the Cornerstone Farm and set up shop on a central corner. Windows open and sweat on our brow, we found ourselves barring down mentally for a long, humid, dusty, hot week without the refuge of air conditioning. Very quickly our attention shifted as we began to see familiar and kind faces. We were excited to see friends,  Connie and Dereck  arrive in their custom made gypsy wagon, Philip and Sari with their suitcase sideshow, the Baumgartners, Helle's and all of the rest of our kinfolk. All of our darling muso friends from all across the country and more! Home, we're home! 
 Day two: Our children really enjoyed the freedom of connecting with friends and running around the grounds like they owned the place. Swimming, staying up late, skatepark, seeing new bands but most of all, the loosening of our parental strings. 
 Craig and  Seth Martin  hatched a plan to set up a generator stage outside of our bus, Celu'haven, on Thurs. (A generator stage is one that is unofficial, meaning permission from the fest isn't necessarily granted, although, security at C-stone has always been very gracious. It's impromptu, and underground) 
 That night we settled into the Chelsea House/Gallery Stage and watched our favorite musical kinfolk including an early evening performance by  Lauren Peacock . Her gentle spirit and melodic sound was the perfect start to our evening. Later, we enjoyed  The Illalogical Spoon . The beauty of the "Spoon" is their unassuming innocence and sheer delight in sharing their music, which is extremely well made. 
 We ended the night with  Soil and the Sun.  These darlings are genuinely creative. They produce the most deliciously, organic, soulful sound I've ever heard. 
 Day Three: Tonight is our performance at the Chelsea House/Gallery stage. In the morning we held rehearsal in the Village. Joy began to brew as Scott Knies, Joby Morey, Colleen Davick, Darren Davick, David Baumgartner and Pilgrim Metts joined in to create a sound the angels could dance to. 
 Knowing this was the last Cornerstone, we decided to add in a little treat for our finally, a  Ballydowse  cover, "The Yiddish Song," a traditional Jewish instrumental. There is a gleam in everyone's eyes as the song comes together, specially Craig's. There is a strong sense of camaraderie and knowing that this might be the last time Craig and his former band mates might play this song. Although the heat is beating down on us, there is an excitement brewing and we're ready to celebrate! 
 We all took refuge from the heat and met up at the stage at 5:15. Show starts at 6pm. We played a 50 min set. I'm not even sure how to sum it up except for joy joy and more joy. I couldn't stop smiling. Craig broke two strings, I tossed instruments to the crowd and beamed a lady on the head with one of the little purple shakers, Grace and I jumped off stage and danced in the pit, ha! The sound was amazing as the 700 or so folks in the crowd sang along to "Old Man's Town" and we became one big band! 
 Arriving the grounds with our last $50 in our pockets we had anticipated there would need to be some financial miracle for us to leave. The generosity of the crowd totally took us by surprise as they blessed us with enough to fill our bus and fridge and keep us on our way! If you know how much it costs to fill our bus, you know this is huge! Plus, they offered encouragement and affirmation by taking us home via CD. That is priceless. 
 When we laid our head at the end of the night it was 98 degree's in our bus but we slept well. 
 Day four; This morning we hosted a generator stage, showcasing our friends  Insomniac Folklore ,  Jonni Greth ,  Ellen Morey , Lauren Peacock, Erin Eichenberger, The Illalogical Spoon, Seth Martin and  The Suitcase Sideshow . 
 A handful of kinfolk came through out the morning to have a listen and a sing. We served fruit and veggies with hummas, H2O and shade from the hot sun. It was a magical morning with Celu'haven as our backdrop. 
 Later that afternoon, my cousins arrived and we enjoyed a night of reminiscing with a performance by our favorite from 1998,  Squad Five-0 . The fella's pulled out all the stops! Although, they still had their quick sense of humor and cheeky grins there was a maturity about them that was encouraging and hopeful. Jeff offered words of wisdom and humility as we all cried out, "We are the Youth." Once again, although the heat was an intense 94 at 2am, the relief in the spirit was penetrating and we slept well. 
 Day five: We moved slowly as the heat, humidity and dust started to take its toll. Most of our day was spent in the lake or 20 min away in the town of Macomb, cooling off at the local Walmart. We played a short but fun set for the kids at Creation Station and later enjoyed the bright and invigorating music of our friends  Destroy Nate Allen . Once the sun went down the air thickened and we started to feel a little delirious.  Flatfoot 56 's Pool Party concert was the perfect solution and a great way to end our day. Those fella's are so creative and high energy. They had sprinklers going, a pool slide on stage with a line of kids waiting to go down and landing in the mosh pit; don't worry there was a life guard on duty. At one point, they sent buoy's out and made pool lanes. Then they hosted a little crowd surfing relay. They ended the set with rollicking version of Amazing Grace and some words of wisdom. We left blessed and encouraged! 
 Day six: Only 1 1/2 days left. There is a tenderness in the air. We all know it's about to end. Exhausted and dirty, we want relief but we don't want it to end. The kids are becoming more and more emotional as they realize the end is almost here. In the past, these emotions would rise up but we could just say, "it's ok, because we always have next year." But this is it. The last time all of us riff raff will be able to gather under these circumstances. Starting that morning we set out to find kinfolk and say goodbye, not until next time but until we meet again, "here, there or in the air." I had tears in my eyes as I sang, Insomniac Folklores, "Burn down the building…" and, "Farther Along" with  Josh Garrels. 
 As the sun set, a parade of bikes, golf carts and the masses marched the viking ship filled with Cornerstone memories down to the lake. The procession was dramatic and tearful as the crowd passed the Gallery stage, then the Underground, skate park, generator stages and camp sites. All the while, folks bellowed out "I'll fly away." Once we reached the lake, the boat was set sail and we watched silently as arrows of fire were launched into the floating vessel. Finally, the boat was set on fire and we said waved goodbye. 
 The last band we heard at Cornerstone 2012 was epic hardcore band,  Norma Jean , one of Craig's favorites. Moments after they finished the crowd rush out of the tent to the skate park where a rumor had been brewing about the Chariot showing up to do an impromptu generator show. It was a con and the crowd was left in a quandary, a bon fire was set in the middle of the skatepark and a controlled chaos ensued. 
 The irony of that moment was intense. Last show of the night and instead of soaking it in, there was a mad rush to the next thing. I guess folks just wanted to keep that Cornerstone high going as long as they could. 
 Day Seven: A sad departure and end of an era. 
 “Heaven come to earth and there won’t be no church, we’ll meet down by the riverside. There we’ll swim with all creation, never get tired, never bored. Don’t worry one day there will be no dam between us and our Lord.” ~the Illalogical Spoon 
 There are 6000 weary travelers out there, somewhere. And, we look forward to the day we can all meet again… down by the riverside. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 Email 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted on  July 13, 2012March 3, 2014 Categories  All Saints Diary ,  From Here To There ,  Global/Local Neighbor Tags  Amazing Grace ,  Ballydowse ,  Brave Dove Instruments ,  Chelsea House ,  Colleen Davick ,  Community ,  Cornerstone Music Festival ,  Darren Davick ,  David Baumgartner ,  Destroy Nate Allen ,  Ellen Morey ,  Erin Eichenberger ,  Flatfoot 56 ,  Insomniac Folklore ,  Joby Morey ,  John Joseph Thompson ,  Jonni Greth ,  Josh Garrels ,  Lauren Peacock ,  Music Festival ,  Norma Jean ,  Pilgrim Metts ,  Scott Knies ,  Seth Martin ,  Soil and the Sun ,  Squad Five-0 ,  The Chariot ,  The Illalogical Spoon ,  The Menders ,  The Suitcase Sideshow ,  Tyler Hentschel ,  Yiddish Song 1 Comment on The Last Ever Cornerstone Festival 
 Clay Street Studios 
 
 We recorded our new album over the course of two weekends. The first weekend, Ed Bialach, a friend and fantastic engineer (and drummer) came up from Chicago, IL to our home in Green Bay, WI. He brought his top of the line equipment and we knocked out all of the base line. The second weekend, we traveled down to Chicago to finish the melody and a few extra's. 
 We had the privilege of including a number of superb musicians on this album.  Jahmes Finlayson , from Milwaukee, WI. stayed with us for the first weekend and poured his heart into the drum line. What a passionate man and pro! That same weekend, the infamous, Eric Blumreich punched out a few fancy base licks and Ms. Kimberly Souther graced us with her beautiful cello parts. 
 The second weekend, one of Craig's old  Ballydowse  band mates, David Baumgartner shared his mad violin skills with us. Colleen Davick chimed in with some flute and tin whistle. Our dear Joby Morey, jack of all instruments, played some haunting accordion on a few tracks. And, last but not least, Debbie Baumgartner whipped up a choir for us. That's right. We were sitting there finishing up Fair Land and I said, "boy, I can really choir on this part." Ed said, "do you want a choir?" "Well, yes, but how do find a choir?" He proceed to call Debbie and the next day at 1pm The Alana Spring Hall Choir showed up! 
 What a blast and honor to be able to do this project with so many creative and kind souls. You can view all of the clips from the recording process by visiting  www.thehollands.org/snapshots 
 PS. To top it all off,  Josh Kufal  shot video/photos of our process and is putting together a fantastic video for our CD launch. Now to find a venue to host our CD release. Any suggestions? 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 Email 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted on  February 9, 2011March 3, 2014 Categories  Global/Local Neighbor ,  Home Tags  Ballydowse ,  Colleen Davick ,  Craig Holland ,  David Baumgartner ,  Eric Blumreich ,  Jahmes Finlayson ,  Jana Holland ,  Joby Morey ,  Josh Kufal ,  Kimberly Souther ,  Recording ,  The Hollands! [Leave a comment on Clay Street Studios](https://tillersandtravelers.wordpress.com/2011/02/09/clay-street-studios/#respond) 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
