[ 
 Work-Life Feed 
 ](https://worklifefeed.com/ "Work-Life Feed") 
 Rediscover Life. Just Do Work! 
 Search for: 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 News 
 Digest 
 
 Working Life 
 
 myMentor 
 Marketplace Faith 
 Millennial & GenZ 
 
 
 Life in Style 
 
 Life Coach 
 Retirement 
 LifeMap 
 
 
 Tech/Gadgets 
 Professional Institutes 
 
 
 Directory 
 Index 
 
 Worklife Index 
 Gender Equality Index 
 
 
 Work-Life Balance 
 Blogs 
 
 Akinspire. 
 Couples on a Journey. 
 
 
 
 Work Infidelity Sabotages Careers And Love Relationship 
 Posted on  July 31, 2020  by  akin Adeleye 
 Work Infidelity Sabotages/ Being in an intimate relationship with a workaholic can lead to work infidelity. 
 Original write up in Forbes was by Bryan Robinson, a contributor to Forbes. 
 Has your spouse or intimate partner failed to appear at family gatherings too many times because of work? ‘Work infidelity’ is an insidious obstacle that sabotages careers and intimate relationships. No doubt, it can put you  in the eye of betrayal ? 
 Probe on and see how far down the road this affair may have gone for you. 
 
 " I feel so lonely. You’re here in this house and I feel so lonely.’ At the same time he was saying that, I felt lonely, too. Work was what was filling me up. He wanted me to fill him up, and I couldn’t.” 
 
 Has she promised to spend more time with you and not delivered because work comes first? Has he said, “I’ll quit tomorrow,” but tomorrow never comes? Or has she stood you up or kept you waiting because of work? 
 If you answered yes to these questions, you might be suffering from the effects of work infidelity. 
 You may also like Career Trajectory On Ventilator, COVID-19 Took My Ambition  or  Best Laugh on Intimacy and Romance 
 Put Me At The Center Of Your Life And Plan - Be Warned, Work Infidelity Sabotages 
 Advertisements 
 Getting the right attention is one easy way to know the level of commitment that you have from your partner. There are emotional responses that comes out when work infidelity sabotages. Do you feel cheated on, or alone with the responsibility of holding the relationship together? 
 Treated as being unimportant or minimized is not the same as feeling so. You need to separate how you feel - an interpretation of different actions - from what the real action is. 
 
 " Or I'd tell them I was going to my girlfriend’s house. After calling my girlfriend’s and not finding me, they’d call the office and say, ‘I thought you were going to Dottie’s.’" 
 
 Whether it is the actual action or how you feel, you might begin to harbor anger, resentment, sadness or guilt. Crying inwardly to be put back at the center of your partner's life and plan. Definitely not behind everything else around work schedule. 
 Married To The Job 
 There was a time when I needed my work and had to hide it from others. The same way my alcoholic father needed and hid his bourbon. Am at the receiving end of what I tried to do for my father. I once tried to control his drinking by pouring out his booze and refilling the bottle with vinegar. Now, the people who loved me sulked, pleads and tore their hair out trying to keep me. Pleading that I spend time with them, away from work. 
 Every summer, just before we left on vacation, my spouse would search my bags. Mission, to confiscate any work I planned to smuggle into our rented beach house on the South Carolina shore. 
 RECOMMENDED: Slow Down Taste Life, Says Cheryl Day 
 What a crooked work infidelity expert that I am. Jamey's search would always miss the tightly folded papers covered with work notes, stuffed into the pockets of my jeans. 
 'Come, let us stroll on the beach' Jamey and our close friends will call out. 
 'I have got another relationship to nurture' I will reply. 
 Not in those words of course. I will usually say that I was tired and wanted to nap. 
 Hiding A Work Affair - Postponing Work Infidelity Sabotages 
 Jamey and our close friends don't put life on hold, they go off, swimming and playing in the surf, a big relationship builder. Unfortunately, what I considered a big waste of time. Crooked work infidelity expert will secretly work in the empty house, bent over a lap desk, fashioned from a board. 
 At the sound of their returning footsteps, I will stuff my papers back into my jeans. Hide the board, and stretch out on the bed. Pretending to be asleep. 
 At the time, I saw nothing strange about my behavior. It is only in hindsight that I see it differently, and coined it as  work infidelity . The concealment and deceit of work projects, especially after loved ones put their foot down in order to deal with stress. By this, I mean, something quite different from saying that I worked hard. 
 Work infidelity defended me against unwelcome emotional states. Modulating anxiety, sadness, and frustration, the way a pothead uses dope and an alcoholic uses booze. This is my own way to get my fix. And I am not alone. But it is  essential to create a 'no-work' buffer  to guard against work, creating after-hours work tension. 
 Romancing The Grindstone 
 Sometimes, partners feel jealous, even suspicious that their mate is having an affair. This comes from the long and late hours he or she spends away from home. You’ve probably heard the old adage, that some people are “wedded to their work.” If you suffer from work infidelity, you don’t tolerate obstacles to working. 
 Advertisements 
 Case in point, Mildred committed work infidelity to deal with the stress and anxiety caused by her husband’s expectation that she be home with him by 5:00 p.m. 
 She told him she’d enrolled in an aerobics class after work. Her husband was thrilled that she was finally taking an interest in activities outside work. 
 But the truth was that, Mildred was working two hours overtime. She changes in her office from business outfit to aerobic garb. Tousling her hair and dampening her tights with water, all to convince her husband that she was coming around. 
 Follow The Worker Soaked in Infidelity - You Will Follow The Money 
 Work infidelity causes projects to go everywhere the worker goes, regardless of what family or friends say. Don't laugh, check briefcases or luggage, under car seats, in glove compartments, in car trunks, beneath spare tires, or in dirty laundry bags. Fight-back fantastic ideas comes up, which also get it more interesting when it is stuffed inside pants or a skirt. 
 Catch in infidelity, and they will find an excuse. To avoid being caught, I try harder to even avoid an excuse. Work projects then get hidden in a secret compartment of another person’s suitcase, unknown to that person. 
 Once workaholics start bootlegging their work compulsions, you might as well admit it: they’re desperate. They must get their fix at all costs. Even if it means being deceitful and dishonest, even if it hurts the ones they love the most. 
 Concealing Work Love Relationship 
 Elizabeth confessed: “I remember my ex-husband saying to me, ‘I feel so lonely. You’re here in this house and I feel so lonely.’ At the same time he was saying that, I felt lonely, too. Work was what was filling me up. He wanted me to fill him up, and I couldn’t.” 
 If your partner is like most people suffering from work infidelity, she will cave in to your demands. This is a strategy to conceal work by pleasing you and avoid criticisms. Much like alcoholics who hide beer bottles. 
 Kate’s work projects became her weekend lover. She lied to her family so she could rendezvous with work at the office. 
 “I’d tell my family I was going shopping on a Saturday and I’d end up in my office working. Or I'd tell them I was going to my girlfriend’s house. After calling my girlfriend’s and not finding me, they’d call the office and say, ‘I thought you were going to Dottie’s.’ I felt like I’d been caught with my hand in the cookie jar.” 
 In his book  Working  , Studs Terkel described how the broadcast executive Ward Quaal concealed his working from his family. “Although I don’t go to the office on Saturday or Sunday, I do have mail brought out to my home for the weekend. I dictate on Saturday and Sunday. When I do this on holidays like Christmas, New Year’s and Thanksgiving, I have to sneak a little bit, so the family doesn’t know what I’m doing.” 
 Work Infidelity Sabotages  ‘Til Death Do Us Part  ' 
 Have you put life on hold because of a mate who suffers from work infidelity? If so, you could be enabling the very behavior you wish to erase from your life. Many partners and spouses build their lives around the work infidelity because they want to feel connected and supportive. That’s natural, right? 
 But molding your life around this malady only leads to more disappointment and enabling. The key to avoid enabling, when you’re desperate to spend time with your partner, is to stop postponing your life. 
 If you plan a trip to the zoo with the kids and your spouse cancels (for the umpteenth time) because of last-minute job demands, go without her. 
 When your main squeeze promises to be home in time for dinner and never shows, consider eating on time without him. And, instead of putting dinner on the table at midnight, let him fix his own meal. Not out of anger, but out of self-care. 
 Click here to view original web page at www.forbes.com 
 
 Most Recent Posts 
 
 BBC Worklife 09-15-Jan-2021: Why Self-Compassion – Not Self-Esteem – Leads To Success 
 Self-compassion is a deliberate effort to take care of ourselves. … 
 
 Happiness Cannot Be Described, But Can It Be Pursued? 
 Don't have such a high standard for achieving happiness, that … 
 
 BBC Worklife 01-08-JAN-2021: Why Our Pursuit of Happiness is Flawed 
 A life with loving attachments has been shown to be … 
 
 Worklife Crafting Because Worklife Cannot Be Balanced 
 I think of life as a puzzle. So I carefully … 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) 
 Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 tagged with  featured ,  infidelity ,  Intimacy ,  life_in_style ,  myfunworklife ,  Relationship ,  work hole ,  work-life ,  work-life balance ,  work-life effectiveness ,  work-life feed frontpage ,  worklife digest 
 
 Life in Style 
 Work-Life 
 Work-life Feed Front Page 
 Worklife Digest 
 
 6 comments 
 
 
 Pingback:  Ending A No Sex Emotional Affair And It's Roller Coaster - Work-Life Feed 
 
 
 Pingback:  McDonald's Says Terms Of Former CEO's Separation Based On Fraudulent Statements - Work-Life Feed 
 
 
 Pingback:  How to create 'no-work' buffer for after-hours work tension - Work-Life Feed 
 
 
 Pingback:  In The Eye Of Betrayal - What Do You Experience? - Work-Life Feed 
 
 
 Pingback:  'Toxic' Workplace Claims - Ellen Degeneres Fires 3 Top Producers - Work-Life Feed 
 
 
 Pingback:  What To Do If Your Main Squeeze Puts Work Before Your Relationship - Work-Life Feed 
 
 
 Search 
 Search for: 
 Sort by  Relevance  Newest first  Oldest first 
 Work Life And Career Video 
 https://youtu.be/ckQVNR_Cs5M 
 Worklife Daily 
 Worklife: The Secret To Working Anywhere […] 
 Worklife: Unsatisfied With Her $400 Million Net Worth, Jennifer Lopez Wants Even More […] 
 Worklife: Coronavirus: Six Critical Actions Employers Need to Take to Help Women at Work […] 
 Worklife: India Women Vs Patriarchy: Challenges Women Face At Work And What Can Be Changed […] 
 Worklife: This Is The No 1 Thing Retirees Miss About Their Work Life […] 
 
 
 Recent 
 
 
 Popular 
 
 
 Comments 
 
 
 BBC Worklife 09-15-Jan-2021: Why Self-Compassion – Not Self-Esteem – Leads To Success 
 
 
 January 17, 2021 
 
 Happiness Cannot Be Described, But Can It Be Pursued? 
 
 January 11, 2021 
 
 BBC Worklife 01-08-JAN-2021: Why Our Pursuit of Happiness is Flawed 
 
 January 10, 2021 
 
 Worklife Crafting Because Worklife Cannot Be Balanced 
 
 January 9, 2021 
 
 Define Work-Life, Work-life Balance And Quality of Work-life 
 
 August 20, 2020 
 
 Worklife Balance Or Integration - What's The Difference? 
 
 October 8, 2020 
 
 Define Gender Equality Index. Work-Life Balance 
 
 September 25, 2020 
 
 Balancing Entrepreneurship And Personal Life 
 
 August 27, 2020 
 
 BBC Worklife 09-15-Jan-2021: Why Self-Compassion – Not Self-Esteem – Leads To Success - Work-Life Feed  on  Balancing Entrepreneurship And Personal Life 
 Happiness Cannot Be Described, But Can It Be Pursued? - Work-Life Feed  on  Balancing Entrepreneurship And Personal Life 
 Happiness Cannot Be Described, But Can It Be Pursued? - Work-Life Feed  on  BBC Worklife 01-08-JAN-2021: Why Our Pursuit of Happiness is Flawed 
 BBC Worklife 01-08-JAN-2021: Why Our Pursuit of Happiness is Flawed - Work-Life Feed  on  Balancing Entrepreneurship And Personal Life 
 
 Worklife Journal 
 post: Top Talent Recruiters Guide On How To Make The Most Of This Moment […] 
 post: Being A Good Boss In Dark Times […] 
 Post: Headed Back To The Office? These Are Your Rights As An Employee […] 
 Post: Returning To Work Won't Be Easy. Have A Plan For It […] 
 Post: Free Yourself from What You “Should” Be Doing […] 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 
 Tags 
 
 
 January 2021  (6) 
 
 
 December 2020  (2) 
 
 
 November 2020  (18) 
 
 
 October 2020  (41) 
 
 
 September 2020  (39) 
 
 
 August 2020  (59) 
 
 
 July 2020  (65) 
 
 
 June 2020  (2) 
 
 
 May 2020  (2) 
 
 
 March 2020  (2) 
 
 
 February 2020  (6) 
 
 
 December 2019  (1) 
 
 
 May 2019  (1) 
 
 
 January 2019  (1) 
 
 
 December 2018  (3) 
 
 
 November 2018  (1) 
 
 
 September 2018  (2) 
 
 
 August 2018  (5) 
 
 
 Akinspire.  (23) 
 
 
 Blogs  (18) 
 
 
 Career  (12) 
 
 
 Company News  (8) 
 
 
 Couples on a Journey.  (7) 
 
 
 Directory  (14) 
 
 
 Executive Wellbeing Index  (1) 
 
 
 Gender Equality Index  (3) 
 
 
 Government & Workplace  (14) 
 
 
 HR in the Business  (2) 
 
 
 Index  (7) 
 
 
 Life Coach  (3) 
 
 
 Life in Style  (19) 
 
 
 LifeMap  (2) 
 
 
 Marketplace Faith  (4) 
 
 
 Millennial & GenZ  (1) 
 
 
 myMentor  (14) 
 
 
 News  (38) 
 
 
 Professional Institutes  (6) 
 
 
 Retirement  (3) 
 
 
 Tech/Gadgets  (8) 
 
 
 Work-Life  (248) 
 
 
 Work-Life Balance  (14) 
 
 
 Work-life Feed Front Page  (253) 
 
 
 Working Life  (48) 
 
 
 Worklife Daily  (42) 
 
 
 Worklife Digest  (64) 
 
 
 Worklife Index  (7) 
 
 
 Worklife Journal  (25) 
 
 
 Worklife Podcast  (2) 
 
 
 Akinspire   bad boss   blogs   Career   career burnout   coronavirus   COVID-19   engaged employee   featured   friendship   government_n_workplace   healthy work environment   Life   life_in_style   Mental Health   mentor   myfunworklife   myfwlpost   myMentor   News   pandemic   Purpose   Relationship   remote working   social networks   talent development   toxic workplace   wellbeing   Wellness   work-family balance   work-life   work-life balance   work-life blend   work-life daily   work-life feed frontpage   work-life harmony   work-life integration   work from home   working from home   working_life   worklife digest   worklife directory   worklife journal   workplace bullying   workplace conflicts 
 Get Social with Work-Life Feed 
 
 Home 
 News 
 Digest 
 Directory 
 Index 
 Work-Life Balance 
 Blogs 
 
 Facebook Connects 
 
 Facebook Connects 
 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Aimlessly walking through life? 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Disclaimers 
 Worklife Feed Disclaimer Statement 
 
 Housekeeping 
 
 About Worklife Feed 
 Contact Us 
 Cookie Policy 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Follow Us 
 
 Twitter  
 Instagram  
 Facebook  
 Pinterest  
 YouTube  
 
 We need your consent 
 We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. See our Privacy and Cookie Policy. 
 We also use cookies to personalise content and ads, provide social media features and analyse our traffic and share information about your use of our site with our partners. We may also use features such as offline data, device linking, and geographical data to help improve our services. 
 Purposes we use: Personalisation, ad selection, delivery and reporting, measurement, content selection, delivery and reporting, information storage and access. 
 By clicking “I Agree”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. You may read more about any of the purposes, or features that we use and how to manage your consent by clicking 'Cookie Settings'. 
 Do not sell my personal information. 
 Cookie SettingsI Agree 
 Privacy & Cookies Policy 
 Close 
 Privacy Overview 
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. 
 Necessary 
 Necessary 
 Always Enabled 
 Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. 
 Non-necessary 
 Non-necessary 
 Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
