Skip to content 
  Working, living & Travelling in Ireland  
 Main Menu 
 
 Working in Ireland Menu Toggle
 
 Foreign Language jobs in Ireland 
 Jobs/ job announcements in Ireland 
 Recruitment Agencies Ireland 
 
 
 Living in Ireland Menu Toggle
 
 Accommodation in Ireland 
 Help with feeling down ? 
 
 
 Travel Menu Toggle
 
 Gort Cycle Trails in the Burren Lowlands Menu Toggle
 
 Ardrahan Drumharsna Castle and Old Irish Milestones Looped Cycle Trail 
 Labane to Bingham Mausoleum in Adrahan looped cycle 
 
 
 
 
 About me! 
 Work With Me! Menu Toggle
 
 Small business interviews West of Ireland 
 
 
 Have a question? Contact me ! 
 
 Home based Jobs in EMEA Sailpoint 
 Leave a Comment  /  Jobs in Ireland  / By    Katleen  
 Hi all, 
 Hope are you all keeping well and enjoying your Sunday! 
We went for a lovely walk in the park today, followed by a yummie sunday dinner. 
 I thought I'd write a blogpost about some home based vacancies I came across. 
 Working from home is becoming more popular, but actually finding a bona fide company that's recruiting for homebased roles is another thing. 
 Market 
Development Manager - EMEA 
 **Location: 
**EMEA 
(Home based) 
 Job 
Type: 
Full-time, salaried with benefits, incentive compensation, and stock 
options ** 
** 
**Overview 
** 
SailPoint 
is the leading provider of identity management software for large, 
global organizations. Our award winning solutions help some of the 
world’s largest organizations mitigate risk and reduce IT and 
compliance costs while still meeting the highest standards of 
corporate governance. We’re currently expanding our lead generation 
team by adding market development reps to drive the growth of our 
sales pipeline. This position will closely align with the designated 
sales team to target new accounts, respond to inbound leads and 
identify qualified opportunities. 
 Responsibilities 
 The 
Market Development Representative is tasked with identifying and 
generating sales opportunities through both inbound and outbound 
sales activities. The 
right candidate will be one who works well under pressure, thinks 
out-of-the-box, easily initiates relaxed but informative two-way 
phone conversations with prospects, and is highly self-motivated. The 
right candidate will also understand 
how to assess a company’s needs and cater the outreach to each 
prospect specifically. 
 On 
a daily basis, the Market Development Representative will: 
 
 
 Follow-up 
on inbound marketing leads and identify qualified opportunities 
providing appropriate levels of information at the right time for 
interested prospects 
 
 
 Create 
target prospects lists and penetrate key accounts 
 
 
 Profile 
strategic accounts identifying key individuals, researching and 
obtaining business requirements and presenting solutions to start 
the sales cycle 
 
 
 Set 
appointments for enterprise sales team when a lead reaches a 
qualified stage 
 
 
 Nurture 
new marketing leads by educating and developing prospects until they 
are ready to speak with a field sales rep 
 
 
 Drive 
attendance for webinars and live seminars, set meetings for 
conferences 
 
 
 Collaborate 
with sales and marketing team members on strategic sales approach 
 
 
 Ensure 
successful follow through of sales cycle by maintaining accurate 
activity and lead qualification information in CRM application 
 
 
 Ground 
floor opportunity in the region (experience hiring, training, and 
running an inside team is a plus) 
 
 
 Qualifications 
 This 
position requires an ambitious self-starter and someone that can 
effectively process inbound inquiries and identify qualified leads 
and opportunities. Relationship selling skills, with the ability to 
manage sales calls at varying levels of customer accounts, are 
essential. 
 
 
 2-3 
years of successful experience in Inside sales or pre-sales, 
preferably in technology 
 
 
 Ability 
to work from home office and penetrate accounts primarily in the UK, 
but also across Europe 
 
 
 Exceptional 
communication skills, both oral and written, coupled with excellent 
listening skills and a positive and energetic phone presence 
 
 
 Demonstrated 
success in prospecting into Fortune 500 companies 
 
 
 Proven 
capabilities and skills in account development, opportunity 
qualification, pre-call planning, call structure/control, and time 
and territory management 
 
 
 Extremely 
self-motivated and self-sufficient with a diligent work ethic 
 
 
 High 
level of integrity and strong commitment to building a successful 
company 
 
 
 Adept 
computer skills including proficiency with Microsoft Office 
 
 
 Experience 
with Salesforce.com preferred 
 
 
 French 
and German language skills are a plus. 
 
 
 Bachelor’s 
degree strongly preferred, high school diploma or equivalent 
required 
 
 
 SailPoint 
Communications is an Equal Opportunity Employer. SailPoint does not 
discriminate against any applicant for employment because of age, 
gender, sexual orientation, race, religion, national origin, 
ethnicity, veteran status, or disability. 
 I heard about this job through their Senior Director of  Sales Operations (who I used to work for in my Dublin days), so if you think you have what  it takes, drop me  an email with your CV and a cover letter , so I can pass it on and your CV gets seen! 
 Click  here  for all EMEA vacancies and so send me your CV if there is another vacancy that you are interested in! 
 All the best! 
Katleen 
 Share this: 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 Pocket 
 
 
 More 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share this 
 
 
 
 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous Post 
 Next Post -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Workinglivingtravellinginireland 
 
 Workinglivingtravellinginireland 
 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Pages 
 
 About me! 
 Accommodation in Ireland 
 Foreign Language jobs in Ireland 
 Google Local Guide 
 Gort Cycle Trails in the Burren Lowlands 
 Have a question? Contact me ! 
 Help with feeling down ? 
 Jobs/ job announcements in Ireland 
 Living in Ireland 
 Recruitment Agencies Ireland 
 Small business interviews West of Ireland 
 Travel 
 Work With Me! 
 Working in Ireland 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 51,371 hits 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 Working, living & Travelling in Ireland | Powered by  Astra WordPress Theme 
 With Google+ plugin by Geoff Janes and Thorsten Hake 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
