Skip to content 
 
 Welcome to Your Resume Support Blog….. 
 Can't Say It? Let Me Write It For YOU! Job-Winning Resumes 
 military to civilian jobs 
 20 Places to Find a GOOD Job 
 Posted on  October 4, 2020  by  You Resume Support Blog 
   
 Where should you look for jobs? Don't know. Well, take a look and see at least 20 or more places to look….. 
 No matter if you will wear a suit or a hard hat to work, look for the job that appeals to you. Focus on finding jobs where you can use your skills, talents, and competencies to help companies meet their goals. 
 
 CareerBuilder.com 
 Dice 
 Diversity Working 
 Geebo 
 GoJobs 
 iHispano.com 
 Job.com 
 JobTarget 
 Local Careers 
 Nexxt 
 Resumes2Work 
 Snag a Job.com 
 ZipRecruiter 
 AbsolutelyHealthCare 
 ComputerJobs 
 Diversity Jobs 
 Glassdoor Jobs 
 HealthcareSource.com 
 Hospital Jobs Online 
 Indeed 
 Jobvertise 
 Jobs2Careers 
 LinkedIn Jobs 
 Monster 
 RegionalHelpWanted 
 Salesjobs 
 
 Need to learn something new today? Well, take a look and see a few places to learn something …… 
 1.  Alison.com 
 2.  Coursera 
 3.  Khan Academy 
 4.  OpenCourseWare Consortium 
 5.  MIT Open Courseware 
 6.  Academic Earth 
 7.  Open Learning Institute 
 8.  Open Culture 
 9.  Open Education Database 
 10.  TED talks 
 Learning is a life-long venture. Enjoy the process. Focus on finding jobs that appeal to you. Structure a plan of attack to enter or re-enter the marketplace, helping companies in exciting ways and supporting the industry. Don't focus on just taking any ole job. 
 Let Me   Offers consulting, research, writing, and coaching services to help you with either of your pursuits. Let me know what jobs appeal to you? Did you learn something new this week? Share that with me too! 
 About the author 
 Let Me Write It For You  offers coaching and writing services to motivated career changers and small businesses.  Debra Ann Matthews  , a Forbes Coaches Council, Career Thought Leaders, and National Resume Writers Association (Past Board) member, loves to cheer on and champion women, girls, teens, and youth to put their best talents forward in writing. She has trained, taught, and presented to various audiences nationwide, facilitating enthusiastically that YES, we can help you to achieve that goal—be it land an interview, a job, join a membership, or solicit services or fundraising. She is delighted to have written over 100 articles on resumes, job search, career communications, professional development, English/Grammar/Technical Writing, and Public Speaking. Her  feature articles  include MODERNIZE YOUR JOB SEARCH LETTERS: Get Noticed … Get Hired, Nashville/Clarksville Career Examiner, Local Job Network, Ezine Articles, Black Career Women's Network, Career Builder, Canada's Calgary Sun, Channel 5 NBC Chicago, Jennings Wire: The World of Success, 3 Ladies on the Radio, Monster Working, Money Mix, Liberty Voice, Online College.org, and Monster dot com Latina. 
 #jobwinningresume #careercoaching #military #spouse #coverletters #interviewcoaching #mentors #jobs 
 This young lady enjoys working with her hands. 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  Uncategorized Tagged  coverletters ,  covid19jobs ,  jobwinningresumes ,  military to civilian jobs ,  spouse ,  youth employment Leave a comment 
 Celebrating in Advance: What's Right With Your Resume 
 Posted on  June 6, 2020  by  You Resume Support Blog 
   
 …can't wait to share my love of crafting resumes with you (my 1st live training) 
 Hi, I’m Debra Ann. I spend most of my time learning. Some of my favorite days were spent on the hill at UT, that's the University of Tennessee, Knoxville, (that is for my Texas supporters) siting in English Literature classes, dissecting and divulging the meanings of words, concepts; justifying my own interpretation of famous and not-so-famous literary artists including… Oh I can't remember those old folks names now, but I loved learning about Malcolm X, Paula Giddens, Alex Hailey, and of course Nikki Giovonni and other local Tennessee writers and artists. I later learned the value of all of those speech, communications, rhetoric classes is just what I am able to do right now= Read, Research, and Write Resumes. I absolutely love taking my clients experiences and showing them how I can help them target them in a way that hiring managers and recruiters can see their value. 
 Send me a message with any resume questions to be answered in class on my National Resume Writers Association link @  https://bit.ly/2Y669yH 
 I invite you join me in my first Live training. You are invited. Come get a powerpack 7 Minutes of Resume Best. Not only will you get 7 of the Best resume tips to transform your dull resume and give it life, you will get to take part in a BONUS live one on one session with me, finalizing your updated resume and cover letter.  DM me so that I can   let you know when my 1st Master RESUME Class will happen and you can sign up.  This will be the best 7 Minutes of Your life! Gauranteed~ 
 When you register, you will get your BONUS materials immediatety. **** 
 
 
 DM me on FB:  http://www.facebook.com/letmewriteit4u 
 
 
 IG:  https://www.instagram.com/letmewriteitforyou 
 
 
 Google: letmewriteitforyou@gmail.com 
 
 
 Text: 931.269.WR1T (9718) 
 
 
 Debra Ann uses her extroverted personality to help reach her clients who feel passionate about their jobs and careers but can’t express the difference they make. Ms. Matthews has extensive experience with not for profit community service projects including President Clinton’s AmeriCorps, Up With People, and Job Corps. She combines her love for service and her passion for sharing knowledge with job seekers and career changers by offering to train (adjunct college professor or public speaker) or participate in interviews. She has served as the New Business Owner Representative/Military Group for the National Resume Writers Association Board. She is also a member of Forbes Coaches Council, and is a Career Affiliate with Career Thought Leaders.  She has trained with Richard Knowdell of the Career Development Network, earning her certifications as a Job and Career Transition Coach and Job and Career Development Coach.  Send your email to register for What's Right With Your Resume course at  https://bit.ly/2Y669yH . 
 
 
 
 #jobwinningresumes #covid19resumespecials #careercommunications #executiveresumes #graduateresumes #compellingcoverletters #acceptanceletters #denialletters #youknowthatdontmakeNoSenseHireHer #militarytransition #spouse #retireeresumes #firstjobs #remoteresumes #firstlivecourse 
 
   
   
   
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in UncategorizedTagged  compelling cover letters ,  covid19jobs ,  graduate ,  job-winning resume ,  Jobs ,  jobsearch ,  military jobs ,  military to civilian jobs ,  remotejobs ,  Resume ,  spouse employment 1 Comment 
 4 Tips for military vets on how to gather references 
 Posted on  February 18, 2013  by  You Resume Support Blog 
 4 Tips for military vets on how to gather references 
 Nowadays, expect for hiring managers to Google and Facebook you prior to any initial calls to arrange an interview. You can also expect that prior to an interview, all of your references will be contacted via email, phone or by mail to request information about your credentials, character and overall performance history. 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Link Posted in  Uncategorized Tagged  Interview Tips ,  Job Search ,  military to civilian jobs ,  References ,  Resumes Leave a comment 
 4 Things military vets can do to enhance first loves on their resume 
 Posted on  February 18, 2013  by  You Resume Support Blog 
 4 Things military vets can do to enhance first loves on their resume  
 L is for the love that you have for your military career. 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Link Posted in  Uncategorized Tagged  job search preparation ,  job search tools ,  military to civilian jobs ,  Resume ,  Skills Leave a comment 
 4 Things for military professionals to do next in your job search 
 Posted on  February 18, 2013  by  You Resume Support Blog 
 4 Things for military professionals to do next in your job search  
 Today’s workforce is savvy and is looking for job seekers and career changers who are savvy and can demonstrate in their work history that they are geared to solve today’s complex challenges. Any company will love to hire a veteran because your training is impeccable. But you will not land an interview unless you learn how to discuss your skills, work experiences in a language that they can understand. To get more information that job seekers and career changers can use see us on Facebook at  http://www.facebook.com/letmewriteit4u  or on LinkedIn at  http://www.linkedin.com/in/letmewriteit4u . 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Link Posted in  Uncategorized Tagged  job search preparation ,  job search tools ,  military to civilian jobs ,  professional association ,  Skills Leave a comment 
 4 Things for military professionals to do to prepare for your job search 
 Posted on  February 18, 2013  by  You Resume Support Blog 
 4 Things for military professionals to do to prepare for your job search 
 Be sure to utilize services offered from your ACAP Center, but the professionals at the ACAP Center are available to guide you. You will still have to do the hard work of verbalizing who you are as a professional and what you hope to accomplish in your job search. 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Link Posted in  Uncategorized Tagged  job search preparation ,  job search tools ,  military to civilian jobs ,  professional association ,  Skills Leave a comment 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 20 Places to Find a GOOD Job 
 Veteran Celebrates 1 Year Success of 1st African Market in Military Community #Entrepreneurship is our future covid19 job 
 Middle Tennessee Woman Receives $5000 to Help in Covid 19 Crisis by Sara Blakely Foundation 
 Resume Training: You Got That Right ! 
 Celebrating in Advance: What's Right With Your Resume 
 
 Archives 
 
 October 2020 
 July 2020 
 June 2020 
 October 2017 
 September 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 
 Categories 
 
 accomplishments 
 Action 
 Basic Business Numbers 
 basketball 
 branding statement 
 Breakout Sessions 
 Business Grants 
 Business Model 
 Business Owner 
 career 
 career focus 
 civilian jobs 
 Coach 
 college groups 
 Compassion 
 customer service 
 entrepreneur 
 Entrepreneur Panel 
 executive resumes 
 Forbes Coaches Council 
 Free Money 
 global success 
 Goals Setting 
 Health and Wellness 
 Interests 
 Job and Career Development Coach 
 Job Club 
 job duties 
 Job Search 
 Job-winning resume 
 jobs 
 Keynote Presenter 
 leadership 
 LinkedIn 
 Military Vets 
 Motivated Skills 
 National Resume Writers Association 
 Network 
 Networking 
 Part time job 
 Passion 
 professional aspirations 
 professional image 
 Resume 
 Retired Soldier 
 Skills 
 small business 
 social network 
 Success 
 technical skills 
 Testimony 
 Traditional Marketing 
 Uncategorized 
 Values 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Website Powered by WordPress.com . 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
