  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
 
 Freelance Online Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Find the best freelancers for your project here 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/) 
 Yesterday 
 Telugu Voice over artist needed 
 Published: Yesterday  Bids: 2 
 For a new project, we are looking for individuals who can provide us the translation and dubbing of videos for YouTube in Telugu. 
 Male voice only. 
 Content is 13+. 
The project is long-term. Examples of videos you can find on the channel Kiraak Timon. 
Just search for it. All published videos are bad examples. We need a person who really can sound full of life, crazy and funny. 
 Decent audio recordings are necessary, phone quality is not acceptable. 
The person should play with the voice according to what's happening in the video, not just boring dubbing. 
 Some help with translation would be needed as well. 
 It is a long-term contract for the person who will deliver really amazing audios. 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Make or edit a video 
 What do you need?  : Edit an existing video 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 I will provide  : Original film 
 Duration  : Between 3 and 5 min 
 Published by:  A. L. Ukraine 
 Less than USD 50 
 Yesterday 
 I need virtual assistant project 
 Published: Yesterday  Project duration: 1 - 2 months Bids: 8 
 I need virtual assistants for administrative support project. Virtual assistant will  be organizing any work related activities, responding to information requests, coordinating office operations, tracking and reviewing records. This virtual assistant also involve answering phone calls to support customers, scheduling meetings, preparing and organizing journals/files. 
These are basically clerical tasks. In the accounting field, they may be considered as bookkeepers. Whereby they record and monitor expenditures. 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Virtual Assistant 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 Published by:  B. C. United States 
 USD 20 - 30 / hour 
 Yesterday 
 I need data entry agent project 
 Published: Yesterday  Bids: 11 
 I need data entry agents for administrative support project. Data entry agents will  be organizing any work related activities, responding to information requests, coordinating office operations, tracking and reviewing records. This data entry project also involve answering phone calls to support customers, scheduling meetings, preparing and organizing journals/files. 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Data entry 
 Project size  : Medium 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  B. C. United States 
 Over USD 3,000 
 Yesterday 
 Website with e commerce for online service 
 Published: Yesterday  Deadline: 7 Bids: 14 
 I need Website with e commerce for online service. The end product is a digital document. 
.It haz an email interface with history transaction table. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : E-commerce 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have an idea 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Other (Other APIs), Payment Processor (Paypal, Stripe, etc.), Cloud Storage (Dropbox, Google Drive, etc.) 
 Roles needed  : Designer, Developer, Business analyst, Design a landing page 
 Published by:  J. United Arab Emirates 
 USD 50 - 100 
 Yesterday 
 Publication Fees 
 Published: Yesterday  Bids: 2 
 We have written a comprehensive review on "Genetic Engineering of Microalgae for Production of Lipid-based Biofuels", and in order to provide for the publication costs we would like to add your name in exchange for 1000 Euros. 
The article is to be published in an ISI journal with an impact factor of 2-5. Those who are interested, please bid here to be contacted for further information. 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Medium 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  S. R. Portugal 
 USD 1,000 - 3,000 
 Yesterday 
 Customer service 
 Published: Yesterday  Bids: 0 
 Use telephones to reach out to customers and verify account information. 
Greet customers warmly and ascertain problem or reason for calling. 
Cancel or upgrade accounts. 
 Assist with placement of orders, refunds, or exchanges. 
Advise on company information. 
Take payment information and other pertinent information such as addresses and phone numbers. 
 Place or cancel orders. 
Answer questions about warranties or terms of sale. 
Act as the company gatekeeper. 
 Suggest solutions when a product malfunctions. 
Handle product recalls. 
Attempt to persuade customer to reconsider cancellation. 
 Inform customer of deals and promotions. 
Sell products and services. 
Utilize computer technology to handle high call volumes. 
 Work with customer service manager to ensure proper customer service is being delivered. 
Close out or open call records. 
Compile reports on overall customer satisfaction. 
 Read from scripts. 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Customer Support 
 Time required  : More than 20 hours 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  C. C. United States 
 Less than USD 50 
 Yesterday 
 Real Estate Cold caller for company in Florida 
 Published: Yesterday  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 0 
 About the position: 
This is a position where you will be calling people to help them avoid the foreclosure of their properties. Your job is to offer them help to eventually convert that lead into a cash offer. 
 Time for the project: 
Long term, part-time, 20 hours a week. 
 Requirements (must have): 
- Fluent English (Writing and speaking). 
- Experience in Real Estate calls or very similar projects. 
 -Experience using a dialer. 
- Good and Neutral accent. 
 Compensation: 
Good but it's upon experience too 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Sales Executive 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 Published by:  R. United States 
 USD 20 - 30 / hour 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 Home 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
