WORK WITH INDIES beta 
 Newsletter 
 Browse Jobs 
 Art & Animation 
 Audio 
 Business & Operations 
 Design 
 Marketing & Community 
 Production 
 Programming 
 QA & CS 
 Writing 
 Post a Job 
 Back to all jobs See allMarketing & Communityjobs 
 Junior Video Editor 
 Thunderful Apply for this Job 
 Posted 
 November 22, 2020 
 Full Time 
 Gothenburg, SE 
 Remote 
 ** This position has been closed. 
** 
We are looking for a Junior Video Editor. Is that you? 
 ‍ 
 Come work with us at Thunderful Publishing! Right now, we are looking for a Junior Video Editor to join our team. 
 As a Junior Video Editor, your main task is to edit and produce gameplay trailers and other video content that we need to create successful marketing campaigns for the games we publish. You will be part of the marketing group and will join the Thunderful Publishing team with our senior video editor as your point-of-contact for all assignments. 
 Typical video assignments might be to gather assets to create trailers, record/capture gameplay, and edit trailers for submission to platform holders. You will also be creating video content for our social media channels and its current format (e.g. reels, tik toks, streams, stories, etc.). Other tasks might involve filming and recording video from live events or digital interviews for developer diaries and the like. Our team works closely with the various game developers, and they will often be able to provide feedback on production. In most cases, you will be encouraged to work independently, with your curiosity and interests as a driving force. 
 Working with us will offer both a broad range of responsibilities but also the opportunity to have a significant creative impact on the marketing campaigns that we make and the team that we are building as we grow! 
 ‍ 
 Requirements 
 
 Used to edit in video software such as Premiere, Final Cut and/or Resolve 
 Have a flair for video production with artistic and creative talent (Pace and Timing) 
 To be thorough and pay attention to detail 
 The ability to use your initiative 
 The ability to accept criticism and work well under pressure 
 Ability to work well with others in a collaborative environment 
 Interested in gaming and knowledgeable of what’s on-trend in the industry 
 Good verbal and written in English 
 Having working knowledge of your hardware and software 
 
 ‍ 
 Bonus points 
 
 Experienced in different type of recordings, both live and digital 
 Good music sense and audio editing skills 
 Knowledge of colour correction 
 
 ‍ 
 What’s in it for you? 
 
 Free Thunderful games 
 Collective agreement (Tekniktjänsteavtalet) 
 Flextid 
 Friskvårdsbidrag 
 Great colleagues 
 
 ‍ 
 We are Thunderful 
 Games:  Thunderful is a creative development studio where quality is the most important parameter. We make polished gems. We focus on contained, single-player products in the triple-I to double-A range. In terms of customer satisfaction, we aim to be a world leader in this segment. 
 People:  Each Thunderful individual makes a difference. We share a passion for playing and making great games. Our job is per definition an art form, as creating gems takes hard work and a desire to succeed. Each project can be a tough, hard road, but also inspiring and rewarding. A mindset of passion and brilliance deserves and fosters success. We want all co-workers to share this passion and will to achieve greatness. 
 ‍ 
 How to apply for this fantastic job 
 This role is a full-time position in our Gothenburg-office. At the moment our teams are working from home and we accept applicants who work off-site, but once the Covid 19 situation is under control (hopefully around spring) we want you to work on-site. We review applications ongoing. 
 Please write “Assistant Producer” in the subject line of your email and send your application with a cover letter and your resume to  jobs@thunderfulgames.com 
 We are looking forward to your application! 
 Apply for this Job 
 related jobs 
 Jackbox Games is hiring a Content Marketing Specialistto join their team into work fromChicago, ILContent Marketing SpecialistJackbox Games | Chicago, ILLearn More 
 Enhance is hiring a Community & Social Media Specialistto join their team into work fromAnywhereCommunity & Social Media SpecialistEnhance | AnywhereLearn More 
 Future Friends Games is hiring a PR & Marketing Internto join their team into work fromUnited KingdomPR & Marketing InternFuture Friends Games | United KingdomLearn More 
 FuturLab is hiring a Marketing Artistto join their team into work fromUK/EUMarketing ArtistFuturLab | UK/EULearn More 
 tinyBuild is hiring a Community Manager/Leadto join their team into work fromAnywhereCommunity Manager/LeadtinyBuild | AnywhereLearn More 
 Trailmix Games is hiring a Social Media & Community Managerto join their team into work fromLondon, UKSocial Media & Community ManagerTrailmix Games | London, UKLearn More 
 Indie games are wonderful. So are the people that make them. 
 Make wonderful games. Be wonderful people. Work With Indies. 
 Thank you for joining the Work With Indies newsletter! The next issue will arrive on Sunday. 
 Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again. 
 *Sign up to receive a weekly digest of new indie career opportunities. 
 WORK WITH INDIES 
 We’ve been lucky to have some incredible jobs working at and partnering with some of the biggest brands in video games. 
 But we’ve never had more fun and been more fulfilled than when we were working with indie game developers. 
 Everyone in games should have that much fun. 
 Our hope is that Work With Indies will connect job seekers with the most rewarding, most inspirational, and most fun jobs they've ever had. 
 NAVIGATION 
 
 Post a Job 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 RSS 
 Communities 
 Nick's Cat 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 
 nathan@workwithindies.com 
 twitter.com/workwithindies 
 facebook.com/workwithindies 
 
 ^ 
 Made by 
 @natethenate 
 and 
 @nsuttner 
 for people who 
 indie games. 
 © 2021  A Lot of Happy LLC 
