Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Enrollment Coordinator 
 Pearson 
 __North York, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Description 
 We are the world’s learning company with more than 24,000 employees operating in 70 countries. We combine world-class educational content and assessment, powered by services and technology, to enable more effective teaching and personalized learning at scale. We believe that wherever learning flourishes so do people. 
 We value diversity and inclusion. 
 We value the power of inclusive culture, so we embed diversity and inclusion in everything we do. 
 Pearson promotes a company culture where differences are embraced as strengths, opportunities are equal and accessible, consideration and respect are the norm, and all employees are given the chance to reach their full potential. 
 Through our talent, we believe that diversity and inclusion make us a more innovative and vibrant company. People are at the center of our company. We are committed to a sustainable environment and workplace ecosystem where talent can learn, grow, and thrive. 
 To learn more about Pearson’s commitment to a diverse and inclusive workforce please click here. at https://www.pearson.com/careers/diversity-and-inclusion.html 
 At Pearson Online Learning Services our Admissions team is a fundamental asset to our success and that of our Academic Partners. Due to exponential growth, we are looking for individuals who are passionate about helping students achieve their goals. If you are looking to join an organization on a mission to help people make progress in their lives through learning, then Pearson Online Learning Services is the place for you! 
 Summary: 
The Enrollment Coordinator supports the potential student by partnering with the Enrollment Advisors to contact prospective new students for bachelors, masters, doctoral degree and certificate programs. The Enrollment Coordinator will work with admissions team to assist with the administrative aspects of the enrollment process. Demonstrate the ability to work collaboratively in a team focused environment to assist in meeting the needs of the prospective students and the Academic Partner. 
 Responsibilities: 
Specific duties and responsibilities include, but are not limited to, the following. Other duties and responsibilities may be assigned . 
 Daily maintenance and documentation of team trackers to support operations and outreach strategies. 
 Monitor applications and application systems for missing documents required to complete student files. 
 Review and provide feedback to advisors on incoming supporting documents (resumes/CVs, reference letters, transcripts, and student essays) required to complete files according to Academic Partner guidelines. 
 Manage trackers (received documents, scanned documents, next steps, etc.) to assist and update teams of file status. 
 Assist advisors in in arranging and setting appointments with prospective students via telephone, SMS, email, and vCita. 
 Follow-up with applicants to advise of outstanding documents and provide support for successful file completion prior to application deadlines. 
 Engage prospective students via phone, SMS, and email to qualify and transfer leads to advisors. 
 Transfer inbound SMS, phone calls, and general email inquiries to advisors when necessary. 
 Engage in outreach activity via phone, SMS, email to the latent or inactive student database when required. 
 Review opportunities for missed or missing next steps to update and assist team in maintaining lead outreach plans. 
 Engage accepted students to arrange welcome calls and collaborating with Student Services to facilitate smooth enrollment. 
 Actively participate in weekly meeting rhythms being prepared to discuss performance data, concerns, and creative solutions to enhance team performance. 
 Qualifications 
 2-year degree from an accredited institution and/or appropriate combination of education and experience preferred 
 One to three years customer service experience in an outbound/inbound calling environment. 
 Outstanding written and verbal communication skills with an attention to detail required. 
 Ability to multi-task and work well under pressure with tight timelines. 
 Proficient in MS Office and Google Suite preferred. Requires the ability to work a flexible schedule, weekends, evenings to accommodate student, departmental and company’s needs. 
 P 
 Primary Location:  CA-ON-North York 
 Work Locations:  CA-Toronto-105 Gordon Baker 105 Gordon Baker Rd North York M2H 3P8 
 Job:  Customer Service 
 Organization:  North America 
 Employee Status:  Regular Employee 
 Job Type:  Standard 
 Shift:  Day Job 
 Job Posting:  Oct 15, 2020 
 Job Unposting:  Ongoing 
 Schedule:  Full-time Regular 
 Req ID:  2008909 
 Pearson is an Equal Opportunity and Affirmative Action Employer and a member of E-Verify. All qualified applicants, including minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities are encouraged to apply. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
