[ 
 Workew 
 Workew is the #1 board to find remote jobs, careers and other remote work opportunities to become digital nomad, work from anywhere and travel the world. 
 ](https://workew.com/ "Workew") Close Search for: Search 
 
 Remote Jobs 
 
 Marketing 
 Developer 
 Operations 
 Designer & UX 
 Customer Service 
 Project Mgmt 
 Sales & Biz Dev 
 Writing & Editing 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Other WFH Jobs 
 
 
 Remote Work Course 
 My account 
 
 Shopping Cart 
 
 
 More
 
 Facebook Group 
 Telegram Alerts 
 Pricing & Plans 
 Remote Health 
 Contact Us 
 Blog Posts 
 
 
 Post a Job 
 Post a Resume 
  __Facebook 
 
 Menu 
 Inside Sales Manager 
 
 
 Sales 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 Posted October 1 
 Applications have closed 
 Impossible Foods 
 
 Overview 
 Impossible Foods is addressing the most catastrophic threats facing humanity: climate change and biodiversity collapse. A global transition to a plant-based food system will turn back the clock on atmospheric CO2 levels, restore natural ecosystems and reverse meltdown in wildlife biomass. 
 The easiest -- if not only -- way to make our civilization sustainable is to eliminate livestock, the most dangerous technology on Earth. But humans won’t give up meat. So we need to make meat better -- more delicious and more nutritious, without animals as the underlying production technology. That means that making meat sustainably is the most important and urgent problem for the global scientific community. 
 Impossible Foods' mission is to completely replace the use of animals as a food-production technology by offering consumers everything they currently value about animal products -- and making products that are vastly superior to their animal analogues. 
 To do this, we are taking a revolutionary scientific and market-based approach. We are inventing efficient, sustainable ways to transform ingredients from plants into meat, fish and dairy foods that deliver all the pleasures and nutritional benefits consumers demand, without the destructive environmental or public health impact. 
 Our world-class R&D team has been building the know-how and technology platform to produce meat, fish and dairy foods from plants. Impossible Foods is experiencing rapid growth and is resolutely committed to leading all aspects of the plant-based food revolution—from discovery to commercial production. The only thing that will separate Impossible Foods from success and failure is our ability to recruit more world-class experts. 
 Want to join? Check out the job opening and requirements below: 
 This position will be a part of our Customer Onboarding (Inside Sales) team. This team works to introduce new restaurants to Impossible Foods’ products, and convert those restaurants into thriving partners in Impossible Foods’ mission. We’re looking for an experienced sales manager to lead this team and drive growth in small and medium sized restaurants across the US. The Customer Onboarding function is young, scrappy, and hungry to find innovative ways to drive growth while creating an exceptional and seamless customer experiences. 
 You Will 
 
 Manage our team of Onboarding Advocates 
 Set and track against sales targets for the Customer Onboarding team 
 Drive growth with a firm commitment to creating an exceptional customer experience for restaurants that are sampling and menuing our products for the first time 
 Develop measurable processes that empower the Customer Onboarding team to consistently meet or exceed ambitious goals 
 Continuously drive towards greater efficiency and quality, developing scalable solutions that set the team up for long-term success 
 Improve funnel health and conversion rates by implementing strategic initiatives 
 Work in a highly cross-functional environment to build a holistic approach to onboarding new restaurants 
 Coach Onboarding Advocates to improve individual performance and advance towards long-term career goals 
 
 You Have 
 
 A passion for Impossible Foods’ mission 
 6+ years of experience in a high-volume sales environment; preference for experience working with restaurants 
 At least 2 years of experience managing a sales team 
 A process and data-driven approach to problem solving 
 A customer-oriented approach to driving growth, and experience creating exceptional customer experiences at scale 
 Excellent communication skills, both oral and written 
 Experience in a fast-paced growth environment, with proven success working independently and navigating an ever-changing environment 
 
 Impossible Foods Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, religion, color, national origin, gender (including pregnancy, childbirth, or related medical conditions), sexual orientation, gender identity, gender expression, age, status as a protected veteran, status as an individual with a disability, or other applicable legally protected characteristics. 
 
 Bookmark Job 
 
 Job Page Views:  265 
 Sales 
 
  Website  
  Twitter  
  Facebook  
  Instagram  
  LinkedIn  
 
 Full Time 
 More Jobs 
 Position closed? 
 Let us know . 
 Share this job: 
 
  Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Join the Remote Slack Community: 
 
 Signup today for free!  🚀 
 Related Jobs 
 
 
 
 Technical Talent Sourcer 
 Drizly  Beer, wine and liquor delivered in under 60 minutes 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 * Others
* November 18
 
 
 
 
 Content Writer 
 Help Scout  Make every customer service interaction a more human 
 Anywhere 🌎 
 * Writing
* January 14
 
 
 
 
 People Partner 
 Coursera  We provide universal access to the world’s best education 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 * Operations
* December 22
 
 Find Your Dream Job 
 Recruiters looking for remote talent can find your resume based on keywords, job titles, skills and more. 
 Post a resume today 
 WORKEW © 2020 
 Facebook   Twitter   LinkedIn   Instagram   YouTube 
 Back to Top 
 Nomad Insurance by SafetyWing : The best travel medical insurance for freelancers & remote workers Get Insured 
