
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Software Jobs Remote Jobs Internships How it Works 
 Log In › 
 OpenInvest (S15) 
 Technology-enabled asset manager providing ESG-focused investments. 
 Senior Product Designer 
 $125k - $140k • 0.10% - 0.12% 
 Location 
 San Francisco, CA, USA / Remote 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 3+ years 
 About OpenInvest 
 OpenInvest is a YCombinator and Andreessen Horowitz-backed startup delivering the infrastructural layer for the post-fund, customized, transparent future of investing. All investors can now divest-invest, vote shareholder resolutions with a swipe, participate in social campaigns, measure their impact, and exert their influence as the true owners of the economy. 
 About the role 
 OpenInvest is a fast growing early stage fintech company backed by major VCs. Our mission is to overhaul financial systems and align capital with social and environmental values. As one of the first companies to combine algorithmic investing with sustainable and responsible investment, we stand apart for the transparency, usability and customizability of the portfolios created on our platform. 
 Through our values and technology, we plan to create the next great disruption in finance. We are a Public Benefit Corporation and are supported in our mission by some of the biggest names in Silicon Valley. 
 Location:  OpenInvest is currently operating fully remotely for public health reasons but based in downtown San Francisco. 
 Ideal Candidate 
 
 Great communicator - verbal and visual 
 Strong portfolio - case studies of UX/UI work - possibly within fintech space 
 Team player with a can do attitude to work on projects of all shapes and sizes 
 
 Responsibilities 
 
 Design function lead 
 Help set the rules of the road with the broader product team around design 
 Help manage work with contract designers on occasion 
 
 UX 
 
 Translate product requirements and customer/user research into clearly defined design deliverables - sketches, tasks flows, wireframes, mockups and prototypes that lead to a delightful user experience 
 Help facilitate design thinking and user journey discovery workshops with product management and other stakeholders 
 Create and iterate rapidly on clickable prototypes 
 Create and maintain OpenInvest’s first ever glossary of product terms 
 Coordinate and drive adoption of new Information architecture changes through the rest of the company  Visual/UI 
 Design beautiful UI 
 Maintain and improve on our design system and work with developers to translate into code.  User Research 
 Help maintain a user research participant recruiting funnel 
 Help conduct user research interviews and usability testing sessions 
 Collaborate with Product Management on interview scripts 
 
 Nice to Haves 
 
 +5 years of Product Design experience 
 Strong portfolio of case studies that showcase your end to end design process 
 Experience being the leader of a design team 
 Tools of the trade: Figma, Digital Whiteboarding Software, Jira 
 Self-motivated and ability to execute a project with limited supervision 
 Ability to understand high level product strategy and vision and clearly communicate design decisions 
 Experience working cross functionally with stakeholders from multiple teams 
 
 Company Culture 
 OpenInvest’s core values include: 
 
 Pursuing a challenging mission 
 Thriving on transparency 
 Maintaining high standards of integrity 
 Guaranteeing the right to be heard 
 Prioritizing personal growth 
 Prioritizing diversity and inclusion 
 
 We aim to build a culture just as open and accountable as our products. We encourage you to give and receive earnest and constructive feedback. As part of our team, you are willing to work hard, handle various responsibilities as necessary, and be passionate about long-term company-wide goals. 
 OpenInvest is an Equal Opportunity Employer. We value a diversity of perspectives and backgrounds in our team and culture. We are committed to include these elements in every aspect of our company. 
 Benefits 
 
 Full medical and dental + dependents 
 Life and disability insurance 
 Flexible vacation policy 
 12 weeks paid parental leave 
 Lunch stipend 
 
 Technology 
 AWS (Aurora, Redshift, EC2, RDS, Lambda, EB, Glue), Node.js, React, React Native, Python, GraphQL, MySQL, Tableau, Segment, Pagerduty, Papertrail 
 Other jobs at OpenInvest 
 Lead DevOps Engineer 
 fulltime 
 San Francisco, CA, USA / Remote 
 Devops 
 $140k - $160k 
 0.12% - 0.15% 
 3+ years 
 Senior Product Designer 
 fulltime 
 San Francisco, CA, USA / Remote 
 UI / UX 
 $125k - $140k 
 0.10% - 0.12% 
 3+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
