Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Facilities Assistant 
 Pura Vida Soul Institute 
 __Severn Bridge, ON 
 Apply Now 
 We are looking for a gentle, kind, and friendly Facilities Assistant at our small family-run business in Severn Bridge. Our business serves clients all across Ontario that are seeking a place of refuge, quiet, and peace in their otherwise busy lives so it is important that we maintain a calm atmosphere in all that we do. 
 The Facilities Assistant is an integral part to the success of our programs and services. This position is involved in ensuring our programs and retreats run smoothly for our guests by assisting with the setup, maintenance, and cleaning of public spaces and outdoor cabins; assisting with light preparation, serving, and cleanup of meals; greeting and checking in guests; completing small retail sales for guests. 
 Duties 
 Preparing 4 outdoor cabins for guests by making beds, sweeping floors & decks, and checking supplies. 
Cleaning 4 outdoor cabins after guests depart by taking linens off beds, emptying garbage, and assisting with other cleaning as required. 
Checking in guests upon arrival, giving them a short tour, and answering questions about our accommodations 
Preparing and replenishing coffee, tea, water, and snacks 
Setting meal tables for up to 15 guests, serving buffet-style meals, and replenishing food as necessary through the meal. 
Cleaning meal area after meals by collecting used dishes, food, and any garbage in an efficient and quiet manner 
Assisting with the cleaning of dishes after meals 
Assisting with administrative tasks for the business as required 
Other duties as assigned 
 Requirements 
 Professional, friendly, and approachable demeanor 
Ability to work quickly and quietly so as not to disturb guests 
Comfortable working with food and laundry 
Experience working with children 
Reliable and dedicated work ethic 
Ability to work some evenings and weekends 
Must have own reliable transportation to and from work 
First Aid and CPR Certified a plus 
Smart Serve Training a plus 
Students are welcome to apply 
 Hours of Work 
 This position is casual part-time ranging from 0-30 hours per week. Schedules may vary weekly based on programs and guests we are serving, however a schedule will be provided in advance. 
 The successful candidate must be able to work Mondays and Fridays, along with every other Saturday through the summer. Additional days through the week may be required but would be discussed as needed. 
 Length of Service 
 This position will begin in May and last until September, with the potential for continued support through the winter months for the right candidate. 
 Compensation 
 $15.00hr 
4% Vacation Time 
Unlimited yoga pass to our classes during employment 
 Please send a resume, cover letter, and references to info@PuraVidaSoulinstitute.com to apply for this position. No phone calls please. Only successful applicants will be contacted for an interview. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
