
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Software Jobs Remote Jobs Internships How it Works 
 Log In › 
 PocketSuite (W16) 
 PocketSuite is the app for anyone with clients. 
 Customer Success Specialist 
 $40k - $55k • 0.15% - 0.15% 
 Location 
 Remote 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 1+ years 
 About PocketSuite 
 PocketSuite is a YC-backed mobile platform for service professionals, independent businesses, freelancers, contractors, gigsters, part-time, and other non-traditional workers - helping them message, schedule and collect payment from their clients. PocketSuite empowers the U.S. market of 57 million freelancers, generating $1.2 trillion in sales with a mobile operating system for running their business. 
 We believe the “Future of Work” is people working remotely, for themselves, wherever, and whenever and making good income. Our team is living proof that this future is possible ​and inevitable​. “If you ask 9 out of 10 people if they want to work for themselves, they’ll say, “Heck yes!” Followed by, “But how would I pay my bills?” At PocketSuite, we’re on a mission to answer that question - once and For All. 
 With over 2 million appointments booked, $200M in payments processed, and 50 million text messages sent for businesses running on PocketSuite today, we are the stickiest SMB platform in the market with over 50% of our customers using the app every day. Once they onboard, they never look back. 
 About the role 
 PocketSuite is a YC-backed mobile platform for service professionals, independent businesses, freelancers, contractors, gigsters, part-time, and other non-traditional workers - helping them message, schedule and collect payment from their clients. PocketSuite empowers the U.S. market of 57 million freelancers, generating $1.2 trillion in sales with online platforms for running their business. Over 4 million appointments booked, $184M in payments processed, 18 million messages sent for businesses running on PocketSuite today. We are the stickiest SMB platform in the market. Once businesses onboard, they never look back. 
 Who are we looking for? We are looking for a high energy, customer obsessed, high empathy person who is ready to activate and engage our Pro community so they can "become their own boss" and build strong, successful businesses. You have a track record of handling a wide variety of questions from the sublime to the ridiculous and responding quickly with clarity, confidence, empathy, and a sense of humor. 
 The ideal candidate would be ready to hit the ground running on day one. You will need to make many critical decisions each day. You will be the primary point of contact for customers working with payment operations & engineering/product to deliver a consistent experience to our customers. You understand the importance of responding quickly and accurately to customer questions. You are not just shooting for 5 star service. You strive to deliver an 11 star experience (Watch 11 Star Experience Inspiration Video:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=kvUI0AdKjKI ) with every customers in every interaction. 
 Responding to thousands of customers a day over text doesn't freak you out, you stay up at night super excited to connect with and help customers. The only thing you love doing more than texting customers is talking to them on the phone - learning about their business, understanding their workflow, and giving them advice on how to accomplish what they are looking to do. You are maniacally detail oriented and can mult-task like no other. You have developed a reputation for being accurate, thorough, and dependable. You love to add personality and fun to your interactions with customers so they know there is a real human behind your messages. You are even keeled and are not easily rattled. You recognize that customers just want to be heard and you can be a stabilizing influence. 
 You understand that customer support is "EVERYTHING". How we engage with our customers determines how well we deliver our value proposition of making it easy for them to work for themselves and make a great living. It also determines how much they love our app and how excited they are to share us with their friends and family. You understand that every question you get from a customer could unlock an idea for how to improve the app and our user experience. You love to track and share patterns and themes in customer sentiment. And, of course, you live and die by Client Satisfaction and Net Promoter Scores. 
 Who we are? 
 
 Engineers and product obsessed - we loathe over-engineering, we cringe anytime a customer reports a bug and we release new versions every week. 
 We love our clients - solving their problems and helping them grow and succeed in a rapidly changing world. Oh yeah we also love their 5 star reviews. 
 We love disrupting the status quo - we believe everyone globally in the industries we're going after will be using a mobile app as their primary business tool by 2025. 
 We don't just think of this as a job. In our spare time, this is what we do and who we are. Our obsession with small business, fintech, smart growth, and cool apps is a 24/7 thing. 
 We believe only two things matter as we build out our business: building a great product and delivering awesome customer service. 
 
 What will you be doing? 
 The ideal candidate would be ready to hit the ground running on day one. You will need to be able to translate customer requests into one of six categories: (1) "How To", (2) status update, (3) bug/issue, (4) onboarding/activation, (5) nurture/growth, (6) save/retain. You will need to investigate, diagnose, inform internal stakeholders (as applicable), document actionable enhancements/issues, and follow-up with customers. This will be a hybrid role where you will handle support across three channels [app, email, and limited phone support]. 
 -Support onboarding and activating new customers -Responding to in-app support inquiries via the PocketSuite app. -Import customer information -Investigate and log customer reported issues as well as follow up with customers once the issues are resolved. -Identify opportunities for making product / ux improvements. -Continuously nurture customers to use our booking, payments, workflow automation, and communication features -Update and maintain the PocketSuite Help Center -Contribute to informing, shaping, and achieving Customer Success Team goals 
 Are there any requirements? 
 
 Strong problem solving/de-escalation skills 
 2+ year experience as a customer or technical support rep [a plus] 
 Prior experience working in a fast growth startup environment 
 Most people you've worked with would put you in their Top #5 
 
 Technology 
 iOS (Objective-C, Swift), Android (Java, Kotlin), Python, Tornado, Postgres, Redis, Celery, Linux, Nginx, Go 
 Other jobs at PocketSuite 
 Lead Software Engineer 
 fulltime 
 Remote 
 Full Stack 
 $100k - $144k 
 0.50% - 2.00% 
 6+ years 
 Demand Gen Manager 
 fulltime 
 Remote 
 $65k - $80k 
 0.25% - 0.25% 
 3+ years 
 Customer Success Director 
 fulltime 
 Remote 
 $80k - $100k 
 0.25% - 0.25% 
 3+ years 
 Customer Success Specialist 
 fulltime 
 Remote 
 $40k - $55k 
 0.15% - 0.15% 
 1+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
