
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 SafetyWing (W18) 
 Global social safety net for remote workers 
 SafetyWing (YC W18) is seeking a rational and creative back-end engineer 
 
 Location 
 Remote 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 3+ years 
 About SafetyWing 
 SafetyWing is building a global social safety net for the digital workforce. This mean global health, dental, disability, pensions and doctor's appointments for digital nomads and distributed startups. We've just raised series A funding. 
 We work fully remotely, but have an office in SF. 
 About the role 
 Skills:  Java, MySQL, Google App Engine 
 We are building a global social safety net, providing insurance, doctor appointments and pension savings globally. Our current customers are digital nomads (b2c) and remote companies (b2b). We raised series A in 2020, are growing rapidly and we are consistently adding features and products. 
 We're a strong team of 20, with an office/house in San Francisco, while our international team is fully distributed stretching 10 timezones (Finland to California). 
 Responsibilities 
 Together with the rest of the team, you will be responsible for building our products and tools on our backend-end, as well as participating in bug fixing days. 
 Requirements 
 We're looking for a technical back-end developer with strong architectural instincts, and knowledge of the following areas: 
 
 Java 
 IntelliJ 
 Dependency injection (we use Guice) 
 Relational database system (we use MySQL, Hibernate, Liquibase) 
 Cloud (we use Google App Engine) 
 
 Bonus skills 
 
 Security (HIPAA) 
 Devops 
 Full-stack/front-end: React with Flux/Redux 
 
 In addition we are looking for someone who: 
 
 wants to help build a global social safety net on the Internet 
 thinks for themselves instead of copying others 
 is creative and bold in the face of any problem 
 is intellectually honest and have high integrity 
 
 You will receive both salary and equity compensation, health insurance, laptop, and during non-covid times we have three to four yearly gatherings where you will join us. The previous three were in Norway, Mexico and San Francisco respectively. The next one is planned for Ljubljana when the border situation gets better. 
 Find out more about us and our products at  www.safetywing.com . 
 Looking forward to hearing from you! 
 Technology 
 On the frontend we use react with redux. Our backend is built with java, hosted on google cloud. 
 Other jobs at SafetyWing 
 Frontend engineer 
 fulltime 
 Remote 
 Frontend 
 $100k 
 0.05% - 0.20% 
 3+ years 
 SafetyWing (YC W18) is seeking a rational and creative back-end engineer 
 fulltime 
 Remote 
 Backend 
 3+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
