Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Contract Assistant Professor, Med Lab Sciences 
 University Health Network 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Site:  The Michener Institute 
 Department:  Medical Laboratory Sciences 
 Salary:  $65,079.07 - $69,041.33 annually (salary placement will be in accordance with CBA language) 
 Hours:  35 hours weekly 
 The Michener Institute is Canada’s only post-secondary institution devoted exclusively to the applied health sciences professions. In January 2016 the Michener Institute integrated with University Health Network and has become the Michener Institute of Education at UHN. Offering full-time, part-time and continuing education programs, The Michener Institute is committed to providing its students with Best Experience, Best Education. Through an innovative healthcare curriculum and an engaging learning environment, The Michener Institute prepares learners to become competent and highly skilled allied health professionals. 
 If you want to work with a team of professionals dedicated to the advancement of applied health sciences to enhance the health of individuals and communities in Ontario and beyond, we encourage you to apply for the Professor, Medical Laboratory Science position with The Michener Institute. 
 Position Summary 
 Teach assigned laboratory/practical/simulation sessions 
Marks and assesses prepared work/examinations and provides feedback to students 
Provides ongoing guidance and advisement to students, as required 
Committed to continuous quality improvement and demonstrates flexibility in improving methods to engage and support students 
Challenges thought processes, fosters collaboration, and develops the ability of students to engage in critical and rational thinking especially in a laboratory setting 
Plays a role in all aspects of course/program assessment, evaluation and improvement 
Works as a team player with colleagues and Academic Chair to ensure delivery of the best educational experience 
 Position Qualifications: 
Diploma in Medical Laboratory Sciences (minimum requirement); Bachelor’s degree considered an asset 
Maintains registration in good standing with the College of Medical Laboratory Technologists of Ontario (CMLTO) and certification with the Canadian Society of Medical Laboratory Science (CSMLS) 
Demonstrated clinical experience and currency in the field of Medical Laboratory Sciences 
Previous experience teaching in a clinical setting considered an asset 
Fluency with Microsoft Office applications 
Demonstrated troubleshooting of analysers and other lab equipment considered an asset 
Exhibits strong organizational, communication and leadership skills 
Current membership with Canadian Society Medical Laboratory Sciences considered an asset 
 Qualified applicants are invited to submit a detailed resume and cover letter. 
 For further information on The Michener Institute, please visit our website at www.michener.ca. 
 The Michener Institute is publicly funded by the Ministry of Health & Long-Term Care and is an equal opportunity employer. 
 We offer accommodation for applicants with disabilities during the recruitment process. 
 While we thank all applicants only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
