[ 
 Workew 
 Workew is the #1 board to find remote jobs, careers and other remote work opportunities to become digital nomad, work from anywhere and travel the world. 
 ](https://workew.com/ "Workew") Close Search for: Search 
 
 Remote Jobs 
 
 Marketing 
 Developer 
 Operations 
 Designer & UX 
 Customer Service 
 Project Mgmt 
 Sales & Biz Dev 
 Writing & Editing 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Other WFH Jobs 
 
 
 Remote Work Course 
 My account 
 
 Shopping Cart 
 
 
 More
 
 Facebook Group 
 Telegram Alerts 
 Pricing & Plans 
 Remote Health 
 Contact Us 
 Blog Posts 
 
 
 Post a Job 
 Post a Resume 
  __Facebook 
 
 Menu 
 Senior Product Designer 
 
 
 Designer 
 Anywhere 🌎 
 Posted May 11 
 Applications have closed 
 Cameo 
 
 Overview 
 We are the marketplace for personalized video shoutouts from your favorite people. We've helped create over 500,000 moments for our customers and built a marketplace for over 20,000 talent to connect with their biggest fans. We’re breaking down the exclusivity myth of celebrity by making impossible connections possible. 
 Cameo is one of LinkedIn’s Top 50 Startups to Work For, recognized on TIME Magazine's 50 Most Genius Companies list, and listed as the 2nd fastest growing marketplace in the country by Andreessen Horowitz’ Marketplace 100. We are a global company, headquartered in Chicago, IL in the Fulton Market neighborhood and HQ2 in Venice, CA. 
 We recently closed our Series B round led by Kleiner Perkins who has backed other tech giants including Google, Spotify, and Amazon. Join our team and be able to experience a rocketship from its early days. We want you to be excited about coming to work every day, knowing that the work you dedicate yourself to will have a material impact and help shape the direction of the next great tech company. 
 Culture and Values: 
 Check out our Key Values profile 
 About the role: 
 You will work with the product team to build experiences that resonate with our users on our website, mobile apps, and beyond (emails, landing pages, etc.). We think this is a dream job for an extremely talented, goal-oriented senior designer and could not be more excited to work together. 
 What you 'll do here: 
 
 Help define and design user experiences on our website and mobile apps. 
 Help decide what to build and why, not just make pixels pretty. 
 Talk to users and look at data to understand how and why our users use Cameo. 
 Help us find and develop the next great Cameo designers as we grow our team. 
 Be a leader across the org and evangelize authenticity, simplicity, and purpose across everything we do as a company. 
 Work with product management to define a successful, repeatable design and discovery playbook 
 Work closely with engineering on executional design work, providing on-the-fly input and direction 
 Help us build out scalable design practices, including the development of component libraries and design patterns 
 
 We hope you bring to the table: 
 
 You have 5+ years experience as a designer. 
 You are able to provide a portfolio or examples of prior work. 
 You’re a generalist, and excel at anything from UX work and wireframing to fine-grained visual design. 
 Bonus: you enjoy and have experience at all phases of product development. 
 
 Cameo is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to creating an inclusive and welcoming environment for every person who walks through our doors. All employment is decided on the basis of qualifications, merit, and business need. Cameo celebrates and embraces diversity. 
 
 Bookmark Job 
 
 Job Page Views:  208 
 Designer 
 
  Website  
  Twitter  
  Facebook  
  Instagram  
  LinkedIn  
 
 Full Time 
 More Jobs 
 Position closed? 
 Let us know . 
 Share this job: 
 
  Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Join the Remote Slack Community: 
 
 Signup today for free!  🚀 
 Related Jobs 
 
 
 
 Marketing Editor 
 Morning Brew  Get the daily email that makes reading the news actually enjoyable 
 Anywhere 🌎 
 * Writing
* November 28
 
 
 
 
 Technical Recruiter 
 HopHR  Data Science & Machine Learning Talent Matching Platform 
 Anywhere 🌎 
 * Others
* December 18
 
 
 
 
 Senior Salesforce Administrator 
 Reddit  The front page of the internet 
 Anywhere 🌎 
 * Sales
* January 12
 
 Find Your Dream Job 
 Recruiters looking for remote talent can find your resume based on keywords, job titles, skills and more. 
 Post a resume today 
 WORKEW © 2020 
 Facebook   Twitter   LinkedIn   Instagram   YouTube 
 Back to Top 
 Nomad Insurance by SafetyWing : The best travel medical insurance for freelancers & remote workers Get Insured 
