Rosie Amber 
   
 Main menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About Rosie Amber 
 My Publicity and Reviews 
 Your Book Reviewed 
 Join Rosie's Book Review Team 
 Contact 
 Rosie's Book Review Team (RBRT) - Booklist 
 Wednesday Wing - Useful posts and Tips for authors 
 Easy Templates To Help Write A Book Review 
 #TuesdayBookBlog - RULES 
 
 Tag Archives: Dealing with job loss 
 Post navigation 
 Rosie's #BookReview Team #RBRT THE BEAUTY OF THE FALL by Rich Marcello @marcellor #WeekendBlogShare 
 Posted on  March 25, 2017  by   Rosie Amber 
 4 
 Today 's team review is from Olga , she blogs here  http://www.authortranslatorolga.com 
 
 Olga has been reading  The Beauty of the Fall by Rich Marcello 
 My review: 
 I received an ARC copy of this book that I voluntarily review as a member of Rosie’s Book Review Team. 
 This beautifully written novel touches on many subjects that are important at different levels: some, like loss (be it the death of a child, a divorce, the loss of not only a job but also a life-project) can be felt (and there are heart-wrenching moments in the novel) understood and managed at a very personal level, others, like the role of communications technology (who must control it? Should it remain neutral or become involved in the big issues? Should it ally itself with governments or be creatively independent?) or domestic and gender-related violence, although no doubt having a personal component, also seem to require global solutions. This ambitious novel tries to give answers to many of these questions and it does so through a first person narrative interspersed with poetry. 
 The novel is narrated by Dan Underlight, whom we meet at a particularly difficult time in his life. His son died a couple of years earlier and he feels guilty about it (we learn the details quite late in the novel), he is divorced, and now, the technology company he helped to create, and by extension his business partner and the woman he’d been closer to than almost anybody else for many years, fires him. His job, the only thing that had kept him going, is taken away from him. He has no financial worries. He has a good severance pay, a huge house, two cars, but his life is empty. Through the novel, Dan, who still sees his son, has conversations with him and wants to start a project in his memory, meets many people. Most of them are enablers. He has known Willow, a woman who works helping women victims of domestic violence, and herself a survivor (although she doesn’t talk much about it, at least with Dan) for some time and eventually, their friendship turns into a romantic relationship for a while. He has also been attending therapy with Nessa, a very special therapist (as a psychiatrist I was very curious about her techniques, but working in the NHS in the UK I must admit I’d never even heard of a Buddha board) since his son’s death, and during his peculiar pilgrimage, he gets ideas, encouragement, and a few brushes with reality too. 
 Much of the rest of the novel is taken up by Dan’s creation of a new company, based on his idea that if people could converse about important subjects and all these conversations could be combined, they would reach agreements and solve important problems. As conversations and true communication in real life amount to more than just verbal exchanges, there are technical problems to be solved, funding, etc. I found this part of the novel engaging at a different level and not having much knowledge on the subject didn’t detract from my interest, although I found it highly idealistic and utopian (not so much the technical part of it, but the faith in the capacity of people to reach consensual agreements and for those to be later enforced), and I also enjoyed the underhand dealings of the woman who had been his friend but seemed somehow to have become his enemy. (I wasn’t sure that her character came across as consistent, but due to the subjective nature of the narration, this might have more to do with Dan’s point of view than with Olivia herself). 
 Dan makes mistakes and does things that morally don’t fit in with the code he creates for his company, or with the ideals he tries to live by (he is human, after all) and things unravel somewhat as life has a few more surprises for him, but, without wanting to offer any spoilers, let’s say that there are many lessons he has learned along the way. 
 As I said before, the language is beautiful, and the poems, most of which are supposedly written by Willow, provide also breathing space and moments to stop, think and savour both the action and the writing style. 
 First of all, let me confess I was very taken by this novel and I couldn’t stop reading it and even debating the points with myself (I live alone, so, that was the best I could do). I was also touched by both the emotions expressed and the language used. As a sensorial reading experience, it’s wonderful. 
 Now, if I had to put on my analysing cap, and after reading some of the reviews on Goodreads, I thought I should try and summarise the issues some readers have with the novel. 
 The themes touched are important and most people will feel able to relate to some if not all of them. Regarding the characters and their lifestyle, those might be very far from the usual experience of a lot of readers. Although we have a handful of characters who are not big cheeses in technology companies, those only play a minor part in the book. The rapid expansion of the technology and how it is used in the book is a best case scenario and might give readers some pause. Personally, I could imagine how big companies could save money using such technology, but charitable organisations, schools or libraries, unless very well-funded, in the current financial times when official funding has become very meagre, would have problems being able to afford it all, and that only in theoretically rich countries. (The issue of world expansion is referred to early on in the project but they decide to limit their ambitions for the time being). 
 Also, the fact that issues to be discussed and championed were decided by a few enlightened individuals (although there is some debate about the matter) could raise issues of paternalism and hint at a view of the world extremely western-centred (something again hinted at in the novel). Evidently, this is a novel and not a socio-political treatise and its emphasis on changing the US laws to enforce legislation protecting equality, women’s rights and defending women against violence brings those matters the attention and focus that’s well-deserved. 
 For me, the novel, where everything that happens and every character that appears is there to either assist, hinder, or inspire Dan (it is a subjective narrative and one where the main character is desperately searching for meaning) works as a fable or perhaps better a parable, where the feelings and the teachings are more important than the minute details or how we get there. It is not meant to be taken as an instructions manual but it will be inspirational to many who read it. 
 In summary, although some readers might find it overly didactic (at times it seems to over-elaborate the point and a word to the wise…) and might miss more variety and diversity in the characters, it is a beautifully written book that will make people think and induce debate. This is not a book I’d recommend to readers that like a lot of action and complex plots, but to those who enjoy a personal journey that will ring true with many. It is a touching and engaging read to be savoured by those who enjoy books that challenge our opinions and ideas. 
 Book Description 
 A TECHNOLOGY EXECUTIVE CHARTS A HIGH-RISK, UNCONVENTIONAL PATH WHILE GRIEVING THE LOSS OF HIS SON Dan Underlight, a divorced, workaholic technology executive, suffers lingering grief over the death of his ten-year-old son, Zack. When Dan's longtime friend and boss fires Dan from RadioRadio, the company that he helped create, he crashes and isolates himself. Willow, a poet and domestic violence survivor, helps Dan regain his footing. With her support, Dan ventures on a pilgrimage of sorts, visiting Fortune 500 companies to flesh out a software start-up idea. He then recruits three former RadioRadio colleagues and starts Conversationworks, a company he believes will be at the vanguard of social change. Guided by Dan's leadership, Conversationworks enjoys some early successes, but its existence is soon threatened on multiple fronts. Will Dan survive the ensuing corporate battles and realize the potential of his company? Or will he be defeated by his enemies and consumed by his grief? 
 About the author 
 Rich is a poet, a songwriter and musician, a creative writing teacher, and the author of three novels,  The Color of Home, The Big Wide Calm  , and  The Beauty of the Fall . 
 As anyone who has read Rich’s work can tell you, his books deal with life’s big questions: love, loss, creativity, community, aging, self-discovery. His novels are rich with characters and ideas, crafted by a natural storyteller, with the eye and the ear of a poet. 
 For Rich, writing and art making is about connection, or as he says, about making a difference to a least one other person in the world, something he has clearly achieved many times over, both as an artist and a teacher. 
 Goodreads  |  AmazonUK  |  AmazonUS  |  Twitter 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  Book reviews ,  books ,  Rosie's Book Review Team  Tagged  After the Fall ,  book review ,  Contemporary ,  Dealing with job loss ,  dealing with loss of a child ,  Dealing with the loss of a partner ,  domestic and gender related violence ,  domestic violence survivors ,  Olga N Miret ,  Rich Marcello ,  Rosie's Book Review Team ,  surviving corporate battlegrounds 
 Post navigation 
 Search This Site For… 
 Search 
 #TuesdayBookBlog Hashtag For Writers And Book Bloggers 
 
 Click the picture for a link to the guidelines 
 Rosie Amber 
 Follow Rosie Amber on WordPress.com 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 2,822 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Like me on Facebook 
 
 Like me on Facebook 
 
 Instagram 
                 
 In The Top 20. Feedspot Uk Book Blogs 
 
 Beta Reading And Author Mentoring Services. 
 I now offer beta reading and author mentoring services. Please ask for more details. 
 Please support this blog 
 
 Rosie is in the Top 1% of Goodreads Reviewers 
 Netgalley Feedback Badge 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Rosie's #Bookreview Of #UrbanFantasy GARKAIN by Anna J Walner 
 Rosie's #Bookreview Of #crimefiction MY HANDS ARE TIED (DCI Morton #7) by Sean Campbell 
 Rosie's #BookReview Of #ScienceFiction BOOK OF THE ELDER WISDOM by R. Walter Dutton 
 Rosie's #BookReview Of #YoungAdult #Mythology series BLOOD OF TREES by @WriterRSJ 
 Rosie's #BookReview Team #RBRT #ContemporaryFiction THE SHADE UNDER THE MANGO TREE by Evy Journey 
 
 January Reading Suggestions 
 This slideshow requires JavaScript. 
 Top Clicks 
 
 rosieamber.files.wordpres… 
 
 Rosie's Book Review Team 
 
 Click the rose to find out more details 
 Meet Members Of The Review Team 
 This slideshow requires JavaScript. 
 Templates to help write a Book Review 
 
 Listed With The Indie View 
 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
 
 
 
 
 Goodreads 
 Blog Stats 
 
 391,170 hits 
 
 Archives 
 Archives Select Month January 2021  December 2020  November 2020  October 2020  September 2020  August 2020  July 2020  June 2020  May 2020  April 2020  March 2020  February 2020  January 2020  December 2019  November 2019  October 2019  September 2019  August 2019  July 2019  June 2019  May 2019  April 2019  March 2019  February 2019  January 2019  December 2018  November 2018  October 2018  September 2018  August 2018  July 2018  June 2018  May 2018  April 2018  March 2018  February 2018  January 2018  December 2017  November 2017  October 2017  September 2017  August 2017  July 2017  June 2017  May 2017  April 2017  March 2017  February 2017  January 2017  December 2016  November 2016  October 2016  September 2016  August 2016  July 2016  June 2016  May 2016  April 2016  March 2016  February 2016  January 2016  December 2015  November 2015  October 2015  September 2015  August 2015  July 2015  June 2015  May 2015  April 2015  March 2015  February 2015  January 2015  December 2014  November 2014  October 2014  September 2014  August 2014  July 2014  June 2014  May 2014  April 2014  March 2014  February 2014  January 2014  December 2013  November 2013  October 2013  September 2013  August 2013  July 2013  June 2013  May 2013  April 2013  March 2013  February 2013  January 2013  December 2012  November 2012  October 2012  September 2012  August 2012 
 Blogs I Follow 
 
 arrastoneglade 
 Sahreth 'Baphy' Bowden 
 Jennifer deBie author 
 Readers Realms Blog 
 Sue's Musings 
 Rickettts's Readings 
 Chronicles of a wallflower  
 Ramblings of a Writer 
 Picture This ~ My Photography 
 Lu Reviews Books 
 Obsessed With Fairy Tales 
 Lisa's Books gems and tarot 
 LITERARY TITAN 
 Parsecs & Parchment 
 Read This, Not That 
 K.J's Athenaeum 
 Review Tales 
 buttercupreview 
 The Divine Write 
 thebookxpert 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 arrastoneglade 
 Librarian, writer, artist - lover of stone circles, folklore, myth 
 Sahreth 'Baphy' Bowden 
 Official Author Updates from Sahreth 'Baphy' Bowden 
 Jennifer deBie author 
 Home of Jennifer's books, writing, and spare time 
 Readers Realms Blog 
 Read It | Love It | Live It 
 Sue's Musings 
 Mostly Book Reviews - many genres. 
 Rickettts's Readings 
 A teen guy's literature journey 
 Chronicles of a wallflower  
 The wallflower tells her story in this one. 
 Ramblings of a Writer 
 Sherry Fowler Chancellor 
 Picture This ~ My Photography 
 Lu Reviews Books 
 Obsessed With Fairy Tales 
 Fueled By Stories and Caffeine 
 Lisa's Books gems and tarot 
 book reviews 
 LITERARY TITAN 
 Connecting Authors and Readers 
 Parsecs & Parchment 
 Science Fiction & Fantasy book reviews 
 Read This, Not That 
 Book Reviews, Quotes, and Musings 
 K.J's Athenaeum 
 News and book reviews from award-winning British author K.J. Simmill 
 Review Tales 
 Book Review & Editing Services 
 buttercupreview 
 The Divine Write 
 Sharing the book love, one book at a time 
 thebookxpert 
 “If you truly want to escape this reality all you have to do is open a book and your imagination..." 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
