Lisa Lazuli Astrology 
 Doing Astrology Right 
   
 Skip to content 
 Main menu 
 
 Lisa Lazuli's Books 
 Political Astrology 
 Lisa Lazuli's Vlogs 
 About 
 
 taurus career 
 Post navigation 
 Taurus Horoscope 2018 - Love, Life, Career, Health 
 Posted by  lisalazuli 
 0 
 TAURUS HOROSCOPE 2018  is HERE! Now BIGGER and BETTER than ever! More Info and advice. 
 2018 for Taurus is a little like a trip to Vegas – it’s exciting and full of bright lights which have you spinning and wondering what to do first, second, and last. Is it poker, blackjack, roulette – you fancy your chances at winning, and you want to play; you want to embrace the gamble of life and come up trumps or not, you will thrive on the thrill. You have the chance to throw in one hand and get dealt a new one this year, a new hand you can and will play differently. The dice are rolling, and Taurus are also ready to roll with changes that will make your life fabulous not just functional. Lady luck is ready to get on your side if you just get off your backside. 
 Monthly horoscopes with yearly overview. Popular resident astrologer of BBC WM and youtube Lisa Lazuli takes her straightening, down to earth approach to astrology from the air waves to the bookshelf with this insightful and motivational book. Includes a detailed yearly overview for Taurus, followed by monthly forecasts broken into love, life, health and career. A chatty, sincere read to help inspire, guide and alert you to the unique possibilities of your life on a practical, emotional and spiritual level. 
 Now on amazon in Kindle, kindle unlimted and paperback: https://www.amazon.com/Taurus-Horoscope-2018-Astrology-Horoscopes-ebook/dp/B074193D8B/ 
 Posted in  astrology 
 Tagged  books ,  kindle ,  kindle unlimited ,  paperback ,  taurus 2018 ,  taurus astrology ,  taurus career ,  taurus horoscope ,  taurus love ,  taurus love horoscope 
 Mar*20 
 ALL ABOUT TAURUS 
 Posted by  lisalazuli 
 0 
 Symbolised by the Bull, Taurus has the capacity for acceptance, fixed determination and practicality and is noted for a strong sense of values and a love of beauty. Taurus is motivated by feeling above all. Taurus is a highly sensual sign and has a heightened response to and appreciation for beauty in all forms i.e. touch, sound, smell, taste and sight. 
 The Bull symbolises strength, tenacity, consistency and quite power. When you see Bulls in a field they are always grazing or drinking together at the river; Taurus while not a party animal, is a social animal who enjoys company and togetherness. Bulls are also rather docile and content unless aggravated, when they will unleash the full force of their wrath. Taureans rarely seek conflict and are generally relaxed and easy going, but should you dare disturb the tranquillity and order of their lives, ‘Beware of the Bull’. 
 Sexually Speaking 
 Taurus are often rather shy sexually at first or with a new lover. Some of them are slow to arousal, but once aroused their desire is earthy and powerful. 
 In sexual encounters Taurus do not like to be rushed; it’s all about taking time and savouring the moment. Taureans tend to like sex when they feel comfortable i.e. in familiar surroundings or where they feel safe 
 Taureans dislike sexual gimmicks, they like sex like they live their lives: down to earth. If the lover can get past The Bull’s "quirks", they’ll find that the wait is totally worth it. 
 In Career 
 Taureans have an amazing ability to focus and concentrate. In Japan, a Taurus country, the cuisine is world renowned as superb, as chefs will specialise in a particular dish exclusively. 
 Most Taureans will tend to have well-defined long-term goals and the determination to achieve them. Bulls are unlikely to take on too many projects at once. Taureans do not set out to do something if they think they can’t – they are not willing to gamble their reputation in that way. Adaptability is not Taurus’ string point and so fast changing work environments or work places where there is a constant state of flux and disorganisation will not appeal to them. 
 Accounting, banking, the arts (music and acting), building, architecture, farming, catering and restuaranterring are careers that appeal to Taurus. 
 Relationships 
 Although slow to demonstrate their feelings, a Taureans affections are strong, deep and long lasting. They make faithful friends and lovers and will sometimes cling to a relationship, reluctant to let go even when it is clear that it has failed. Bulls hate being alone and won’t live the single life for long (even if this means taking in a room-mate). Some Taureans are quite content to stay within the family home for many years, when they do finally move out, it is a wrench. They appreciate tangible tokens of love in the form of gifts and will always reciprocate in kind. Bulls cannot stand rows and would rather let things be than initiate any form of friction. Sometimes Taureans end up putting up with way too much. Very steadfast and a reliable partner, Bulls are also very sensual but inclined to be possessive and a little jealous. 
 Taureans make friends easily due to their relaxed, non-judgmental attitude. They are very friendly and sociable and will have no shortage of social engagements. However, Bulls are home birds really and enjoy to be with their family rather than raving it up every night. Having a very strong ego, a Taurus doesn't have to prove his popularity by going out with the in crowd each night - he'll stay at home and let his friends come and get him, he is very sure of himself. 
 Something about their manner indicates to others that the Bull will make a satisfying lover and partner. Taurus crave a certain measure of constancy and dependability in relationships and are drawn to the other fixed signs i.e. Scorpio, Aquarius and Leo because of this, even if these do not represent easy relationships. 
 Health 
 
 Vulnerable parts of the body are the neck, throat, shoulders and upper torso. Sore throats, stiff necks, tonsillitis, pneumonia, croup, lymphatic stasis of the neck and head, asthma, bronchitis, Graves’ disease, laryngitis, hyperthyroidism, metabolic dysfunction (leading to obesity) and earache are common Taurean ailments. 
 The average Bull has superb health and it takes a lot to put him on his back, however recuperation can be slow due to a stubborn refusal to obey the doctor and a natural distrust of optimism which doesn't encourage speedy recuperation 
 Taureans are generally work-a-holics who try to achieve a high standard in everything which they attempt, never quitting and often pushing themselves to the point of physical exhaustion. The Bull must pace him/herself and learn where the mental or physical OFF switch is. Breaks, fresh air and moderate exercise is vital. 
 
 TAURUS HOROSCOPE 2014 
 You intuition is enhanced this year and should not be ignored – Taureans are very perceptive and quite psychic although that is not discussed very often as you are such a down to earth sign. Bearing in mind what I said about you mentally be inclined towards practicality and factual analysis, there is no denying that you are getting feelings: gut feeling, hunches and instincts about things and people and you should not ignore these. 
 In 2014 you are working hard toward the practical things, but at the same time your heart is yearning for something more meaningful and purposeful and later on in the year events will allow you to bring that meaning into your life. Reading self-improvement or spiritual books combined with a need to get away from it all are some indicators of that need to connect with another side of yourself. Writing or being creative with music or art could be the escape and the avenue to release both artistic talents and emotions that you are looking for. 
 Taureans often mask emotions that are hard to deal with via over-work, over eating or obsessive exercising – later this year you may attract people into your life who will help you to confront these emotions instead of burying them away. 
 Self-honesty and a pull towards reflection, meditation and also prayer are fundamental to your well-being and you will find yourself exploring these and other similar modes of spiritual understanding. 
 Artistic pursuits by their nature create a tornado of emotion which can whisk up feelings and bring deeply seated issues to the surface – thus Taureans who work in the arts or creative enterprises tend to be closer to their emotions and so this can be a cathartic time when these emotions are better understood. 
 Taureans are finally understanding things that they never quite got to grips with before – but the question is: What can you do with this understanding? 
 LISA LAZULI – Former BBC WM Astrologer and author of: 
 TAURUS – Your Day, Your Decan, Your Sign. 
 HOROSCOPE 2014 – Astrology and numerology Horoscopes. 
 Posted in  Uncategorized 
 Tagged  astrology ,  astrology books ,  divination ,  horoscope ,  mind body spirit ,  numerology ,  star signs ,  taurus ,  taurus career ,  taurus health ,  taurus horoscope ,  taurus sex 
 May*16 
 TAURUS: POPES, QUEENS, POLITICIANS and DICTATORS 
 Posted by  lisalazuli 
 1 
 Taurus the Bull is not only the most populous sign, but also the most diverse in terms of nature. 
 Taureans have incredible ‘stickablity’ – they can really keep at a job for many years with great commitment. I use here as an example two of the most famous Taureans:  Queen Elizabeth II  (April 21) and  Pope John Paul II  (18 May). Pope John Paul is the second longest serving pope and Queen Elizabeth’s reign of 61 years is second only to Queen Victoria. Both have impeccable records as the head of the Catholic Church and supreme governor of the Church of England and Monarch respectively – their dedication, diplomacy and consistent effort over extraordinary lengths of time in public life have had a hugely positive and stabilising effect so typical of Taurus. Both of their records are effectively blemish free. 
 Catherine the Great  (born May 2) was the longest and most renowned female ruler of Russia and Russia was revitalized under her reign, growing larger and stronger than ever and becoming recognized as one of the foremost powers of Europe. 
 Russia is a Taurus country and two of its most influential political figures  Vladimir Lenin  (22 April) and  Karl Marx  (5 May) were Taurus. 
 Oliver Cromwell  (25 April) a military and political leader of England, Scotland and Ireland, is one of the most controversial figures in British history, considered a regicidal dictator by historians such as David Hume, a military dictator by Churchill and a hero of liberty by Thomas Carlyle. 
 Emperor Hirohito  (29 April) of Japan served for 63 years; his reign was not above reproach as in some of the previous examples due to the militarisation and involvement of Japan in World War Two; although he was never prosecuted for war crimes. 
 Former Prime Minister  Tony Blair  (6 May) is a Bull. 
 On the other side of coin there are many examples of Taurean dictators in politics who’s dogmatic and belligerent side have led to some of the more lengthy and/or brutal regimes in history i.e.  Saddam Hussein  (April 28),  Hosni Mubarak  (Egypt),  Pol Pot  (Cambodia), Zein  El Abideen Ben Ali  (Tunisia) and  Kenneth Kaunda  (Zambia). 
 Mark Strage, biographer of  Catherine De Medici  (23 April) of French Royalty, calls her “the most powerful woman in sixteenth-century Europe.” 
 Eva Peron  (7 May) of Argentina was an actress before becoming Argentina’s first lady and later became powerful within the trade unions, primarily for speaking on behalf of labour rights. She also ran the Ministries of Labour and Health, championed women’s suffrage in Argentina, and founded and ran the nation's first large-scale female political party. 
 Unfortunately  Adolf Hitler  (April 20) and infamous Nazi’s  Rudolph Hess  (April 26) and  J. von Ribbentrop  (April 30) were born under a Taurus Sun. 
 These examples prove that Taureans gravitate to important positions of political power and are able to make a huge impact for better or for worse when they attain it. 
 Read more at:  TAURUS  - Your Day, Your Decan, Your Sign. 
 
 Posted in  Uncategorized 
 Tagged  Catherine the great ,  eva peron ,  famous taurus ,  Hitler ,  karl marx ,  oliver cromwell ,  Pope John Paul II ,  queen elizabeth II ,  Saddam Hussein ,  taurus ,  taurus career ,  taurus horoscope 
 May*16 
 Post navigation 
 Lisa J Gordon 
 
 Lisa J Gordon 
 
 Follow Lisa Lazuli Astrology on WordPress.com  Search 
 Recent Posts 
 
 USA Natal Chart and Astrology Predictions 
 The Chinese Century - Are we at checkmate?? 
 Secrets of New Mexico and Jeffry Epstein's Zorro Ranch 
 Bill Clinton Natal Chart and Astrology Prediction 
 Robin Tilbrooke and seeking judicial review for Covid 19 Legislation 
 
 Lisa Lazuli Astrloger 
 
 Lisa Lazuli Astrloger 
 
 Next of Sin - in Kindle and Paperback 
 Archives 
 
 August 2020 
 June 2020 
 May 2020 
 January 2020 
 December 2019 
 November 2019 
 August 2019 
 July 2019 
 June 2019 
 May 2019 
 April 2019 
 February 2019 
 January 2019 
 August 2018 
 June 2018 
 May 2018 
 April 2018 
 March 2018 
 February 2018 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 
 Categories 
 
 astrology 
 book review 
 Books 
 politics 
 Uncategorized 
 Weight Loss with Juice Plus 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Goodreads 
 Flickr Photos 
 
  More Photos  
 ASTROLOGY READINGS 
 Click Here! 
 Follow Lisa Lazuli Astrology on WordPress.com 
 Next of Sin 
 Amazon.co.uk Widgets 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
