Cedar Valley Nonprofit Association 
 Moving Good Forward 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
 History 
 
 
 Membership 
 
 Benefits 
 FAQ 
 Membership Application & Rates 
 Membership Directory 
 
 
 Learning Networks 
 Events 
 Newsletter 
 
 Submit News 
 
 
 Job Opportunities 
 
 Submit Job Listing 
 Submit Internship Opportunities 
 
 
 Resources 
 
 Technology Resources 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 Contract Grant Writers 
 Grant Writers Directory 
 Board Governance Workshop August 3, 2017 
 Marketing Meet-up RSVP 
 
 Job Opportunities 
 Below you will find job announcements that have been posted by CVNA members. Only CVNA members may post to this site. All job opportunities will be posted for two weeks unless otherwise specified. 
 Job Title:  Grant Coordinator 
 Primary responsibilities include preparation of proposals and grant applications to federal, state, corporate, and private foundations in support of Allen College programs and priorities. Ensure project management and reporting are done in line with grant requirements and UnityPoint Heath policies. Responsible for professional and administrative work in researching, identifying, developing and responding to public and private grant opportunities with philanthropic objectives that match the needs of Allen College. Undertake grant pursuits in consultation with the Manager, Grant Services to optimize the potential and interests of all grant sources to UnityPoint Health - Waterloo and its related entities. 
 For more a more detailed job description or to apply, go to  UnityPoint.org/Careers  and search for  Job ID #23773 . 
 Job Title:  Network Relations Coordinator 
 This position assists with providing direct customer service to member agencies regarding all aspects of Food Bank membership, including responding to questions and requests for information, conducting monitoring visits, record keeping, tracking of agency trends, and promotion of available services. This position will also be involved with the Mobile Food Pantries, BackPack and Elderly Nutrition Programs, including conducting monitoring visits, record keeping and program promotion. There will be some evening and weekend hours. Associates degree in an affiliated field and relevant experience. 
 For more information on this position and on how to apply, please  click here . 
 Job Title:  Site Manager/Camp Ranger 
 Do you have a passion for the great outdoors? Would you like to help shape young lives? If so, we have the perfect opportunity for you. We are currently seeking a Site Manager/Camp Ranger to manage all aspects of camp property and work closely with camp directors, volunteers, and council staff to ensure that camp users have a successful camping experience. . For more information or to apply, please visit our  website . 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 Email 
 Print 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 
 
 Email Subscription 
 
 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 383 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 
 
 
 
 
 2017 Members (*also indicates investors) 
 
 
 Allen Foundation - Unitypoint Health 
Alternatives Pregnancy & Prevention Center 
Alzheimer's Association East Central Iowa Chapter 
Americans for Independent Living 
Arc of Cedar Valley 
ASPIRE 
Big Brothers Big Sisters of Northeast Iowa 
Black Hawk County Agricultural Iowa State Extension 
Black Hawk County Gaming 
Black Hawk-Grundy Mental Health Center, Inc. 
Cedar Bend Humane Society 
Cedar Falls Community Schools 
Cedar Falls Community Schools Foundation 
Cedar Falls Tourism & Visitors Bureau 
Cedar Valley Arboretum & Botanic Gardens 
Cedar Valley Preschool & Childcare Center 
Cedar Valley's Promise 
Cedar Valley Hospice 
Cedar Valley Catholic Schools 
Cedar Valley Friends of the Family, Inc. 
*Cedar Valley United Way 
Children's Cancer Connection 
*Community Foundation of Northeast Iowa 
Community In Schools Mid-American at Iowa 
Community Main Street 
Community United Child Care Centers & Pre-School 
Comprehensive Systems, Inc. 
Designer Genes-Down Syndrome Group 
EMBARC Des Moines 
EPI Services 
Eye of the Needle 
Family and Children's Council 
Goodwill Industries of Northeast Iowa, Inc. 
Greater Cedar Valley Alliance & Chamber 
*Guernsey Foundation 
Hawkeye Community College 
House of Hope 
Inclusion Connection 
Individual - Heather Skeens 
Iowa Heartland Habitat for Humanity 
*Jean Trainor & Inclusion Connection 
Jesse Cosby Neighborhood Center 
JLWCF 
Lutheran Services in Iowa 
Metropolitan Transit Authority 
*Non-Profit Leadership Alliance - UNI 
North Star Community Services 
Northeast Iowa Food Bank 
Northeast Iowa Medical Education Foundation 
Operation Threshold 
Riverview Center 
*R.J. McElroy Trust 
Self-Help International 
Silos & Smokestacks 
St. Paul's United Methodist Church 
Success Link 
The Job Foundation 
The Larrabee Center, Inc. 
The Salvation Army 
Tri-County Child and Family Development Council, Inc. 
UNI Foundation 
Upper Iowa University - Waterloo 
Veridian Credit Union 
1Vision 
Volunteer Center of Cedar Valley 
Waterloo/Cedar Falls Symphony 
Waterloo Center for the Arts 
Waterloo Community Foundation 
Waterloo Community Schools 
Waterloo Community Schools Foundation 
Waterloo Convention & Visitors Bureau 
Waverly-Shellrock Area United Way 
Western Home Communities/Western Home Foundation 
Wheaton Franciscan Healthcare 
Winnebago Council of Boy Scouts of America 
YMCA of Black Hawk County 
 
 
 Like CVNA on Facebook 
 
 
 
 Like CVNA on Facebook 
 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 
 CVNA Coordinator 
Holly Dusenbery 
Office: Community Foundation of Northeast Iowa 
3117 Greenhill Circle 
Cedar Falls, Iowa 50613 
coordinator@ 
cedarvalleynonprofitassociation.com 
  Cedar Valley Nonprofit Association  
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
