Skip to main content 
   
 
 Login 
 
 Register __ 
 Toggle navigation 
 
 Home 
 Job-Seekers  
 
 Join 
 Create Resume 
 Daily Job Emails 
 Archived listings 
 FAQ Help 
 
 
 Employers  
 
 Register 
 Post Job 
 View Resumes 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 __ 
 
 Home 
 Job-Seekers 
 Job Seeker FAQ 
 
 Job Seeker FAQ 
 Q: We were asked to pay/provide personal information before we have met the prospective employer in person. Should we be worried about this? 
 A: YES!! It is our strong recommendation that you don't provide any sensitive information or certainly DO NOT pay anything (for credit/background checks, etc) prior to actually doing your due diligence. We screen as much as we can, and although we rarely hear from our subscribers about these types of things on our site, it CAN happen if you are not careful. Legitimate employers do not operate in this fashion. Please be cautious until you have been able to ascertain the legitimacy of the employer. 
 Q: How do we edit our resume? 
 A: First, make sure you are logged in with your username and password. You will see your username in the very left hand column of the page. Under your username, you will see a link that says "My Listings". Click on that link and it will bring up your resume (and the ability to edit it). 
 Q: There are other job posting sites we can visit. Why WorkingCouples.com? 
 A: Because all of our jobs are for couples! We maintain the largest one-source job bank with jobs specifically for couples. You could spend time other sites, but if you want a "job for two" why not go to the best source? After spending hours sifting through traditional job sites, we think you will see the value in a site that EVERY JOB is suitable for a couple. 
 Q: I know it's only $9.95 per month for a paid subscription, but we are flat broke. What do you have for us? 
 A: We understand completely. Even if you cannot afford the 26 to 33 cents per day to be a paid subscriber, you can still fully access all of the premium job listings (the ones in the green boxes) with our free subscription program. 
 Q: There are tons of jobs posted on the internet. Why don't I just surf the web for couples jobs? 
 A: Again, we already maintain the largest source of jobs specifically for couples. We post thousands of jobs per year. How much is your time worth? We also have jobs that you will only find on our site. 
 Q: How soon after I subscribe to the free email updates will I start receiving the newest jobs by email? 
 A: Normally you will start receiving the email updates within a day or two. 
 Q: I see that I can browse jobs. Why shouldn't I just come back and check your website periodically for new jobs? 
 A: You can! However, if you subscribe to the email updates you will receive a daily update via email that will prevent you from having to keep checking for new positions. This is for people who feel that the daily delivery of all the newest jobs is a better system. 
 Q: Can I get updates on Facebook? 
 A: You can now! We have a WorkingCouples.com page on Facebook (like and follow the page!). 
 Q: What type of applicants are employers normally looking for? 
 A: All kinds! Of course the traditional husband/wife teams, but also parent/child, friend/friend, significant others. The most important aspect is a good fit. Don't be shy about applying for positions you feel you are qualified for. 
 Q: Where can we expect the positions to be located geographically? 
 A: Anywhere in the world. Eventually you will see positions from every continent (well‚ maybe not Antarctica!). You might be inclined to take a job in the sunny Caribbean, or you may even apply for a job that doesn't require you to even relocate. One thing we should point out though. As a US-based organization the majority of the listings on WorkingCouples.com are in North America. Thus if you are not looking for work here, although you will find jobs from other parts of the world, the numbers will be lower. 
 Q: I am applying for a job in another country. How do I know what the visa/passport requirements will be? 
 A: That is a question for the employer to answer, as every country has it's own laws and rules. 
 Q: I posted a resume on your website. Where is it? 
 A: All resumes first go into a moderation queue for review prior to publishing, so your resume may not appear immediately. It will appear within 24 hours, however. You can locate your resume while logged in by clicking on the "My Account" link in the left column, then clicking the "Resumes" tab/link. You may have to look in each tab if you don't know the current status of your resume (Drafts, Pending, Active or Archived). 
 Q: What do I do if I find that a job is filled? Or if someone posts a job that is inappropriate for the site? 
 A: At the bottom of each job listing is a button that says "Flag This Job Opening". If you click on that link, you will be able to easily notify us (and it's very helpful when visitors give us a heads-up). 
 Q: Wha are archived listings? 
 A: We maintain an expired listings section in order to provide you with a broader view of the types of jobs that become available on our site over time. Obviously job openings are temporary. New listings get published every day, and every day other listings expire. If you were to only see todays' listings you would have no idea of the types of jobs that would get posted over time. We can't predict the future openings, so we show you (a prospective subscriber) the openings that have expired. . To review your subscription options, please visit our site and click the “Job Seekers > Join" link at the top of any page. 
 Q: We subscribed, but don't seem to have access. What's wrong? 
 A: This normally occurs for one of two reasons. First - when you subscribe with one username and try to access the site with a different username. If you have any trouble logging in as a subscriber, just drop us an email with the details and we will get you the proper access (usually within an hour or two).The other issue is confusion between free subscriptions and paid subscriptions. To see the differences, go here: workingcouples.com/subscribe-now 
 Q: Ok, we know we are paid subscribers and we are logged in correctly but we still can't see the contact information. Now what? 
 A: If you are a paid subscriber and you are logged in correctly but still cannot view the employer contact information, you will probably need to clear your browser cache. Browsers will "cache" pages to save time if you go back to visit the same page again later. So when you visited a job page and you weren't yet a subscriber (and couldn't access the employer contact information), your browser took a snapshot of that page. Now that you are a paid subscriber and you re-visit that page, your browser is serving up the old snapshot they took from before. If you clear your browser cache, the correct page will appear. (Every browser is different - if you need help clearing your browser cache, just google "how to clear browser cache" and add whatever browser you use to the search). 
 Q: How do we cancel our paid subscription? 
 A: To cancel your paid subscription, you can click the "My Account" link under your username in the left column (when you are logged in). Then click "Recurring Fees", then "Cancel". Once you unsubscribe you won't be billed again, but we cannot refund for any partial months. Your access will remain until your paid subscription runs out. 
 Two other notes about canceling: 
 First, email alerts are a separate service. You must cancel them separately. The easiest way is to simply click on the "unsubscribe" link included with every email job alert (at the very bottom). Otherwise you can also cancel on your My Account page. 
 Second, if you cancel your paid access and have a resume published, the resume will archive automatically and not be visible any longer. 
 Q: We clicked on the "unsubscribe" link in an email alert but we are still getting billed? 
 A: Unsubscribing from one our our email alerts does not cancel your paid subscription access. These are two completely separate services. To cancel your paid subscription, you must follow the procedures as outlined above. If you successfully cancel your paid subscription you will receive an email confirmation stated that you will no longer be billed. 
 Q: What contact information will be provided to us when we subscribe? 
 A: That's totally up to the employer that posts the job opening. It could be a phone number, fax number, email address, website, or postal address. It could also be any combination of these things. Whatever method(s) of contact the employer provides, that is what we will pass on to you. 
 
 
 
 Browse Jobs By Type 
 
 Apartment Manager Couples Jobs 
 Caretaker Couples Jobs 
 Domestic Couples Jobs 
 Driving Couples/Teams 
 House Parent Jobs 
 Innkeepers - Motel-Hotel Jobs 
 Live-In Caregivers 
 Maintenance Couples 
 Management Couples 
 Ministry Couples 
 Mobile Home Park Mgmt 
 Property Managers 
 Pub-Restaurant Managers 
 Ranch-Farm Couples 
 Resort Couples (Non-Mgmt) 
 Sales Couple Jobs 
 Self Storage Managers 
 Teaching Couples 
 Volunteer Couples 
 Work Campers-Campground 
 
 Browse Jobs By Location 
 
 Africa 
 Asia 
 Australasia 
 Canada 
 Caribbean 
 Central America 
 Europe 
 Middle East 
 Other 
 South America 
 USA 
 
 Browse Resumes By Type 
 
 Apartment Managers 
 Caretaker Couples 
 Concessions 
 Domestic Couples 
 Driving Couples/Teams 
 House Parents 
 Individual Resumes (Non-Team) 
 Innkeepers - Motel-Hotel 
 Kennel Couples 
 Live-In Caregivers 
 Maintenance Couples 
 Management Couples 
 Ministry 
 Mobile Home Park Mgmt 
 Property Managers 
 Pub-Restaurant Managers 
 Ranch-Farm Couples 
 Resort Help 
 Sales 
 Self Storage Managers 
 Teaching 
 Volunteer Couples 
 Work Campers-Campground 
 
 Browse Resumes By Location 
 
 
 Africa 
 
 
 Asia 
 
 
 Australasia 
 
 
 Canada 
 
 
 Caribbean 
 
 
 Central America 
 
 
 Europe 
 
 
 Middle East 
 
 
 Other 
 
 
 South America 
 
 
 USA 
 
 
 Privacy policy 
 
 
 Terms & Conditions 
 
 
 WorkingCouples.com (©) 2006-2021 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 
 __ 
 
 
