UNEMPLOYED IN TYNE & WEAR 
 Knowledge is power - spread it around 
 
 About UITW 
 CONTACT 
 
 Tagged: jobcentre adviser 
 February 4, 2015 
  As a jobcentre adviser, I got ‘brownie points’ for cruelty  
 Former jobcentre adviser  Angela Neville  has written a play to expose the harsh reality of the benefits sanctions regime. 
 Angela Neville, 48, is describing events she witnessed as a special adviser in a jobcentre that prompted her to write a play about her experiences. 
 “We were given lists of customers to call immediately and get them on to the Work Programme,”  she recalls. 
 “I said, ‘I’m sorry this can’t happen, this man is in hospital.’ I was told [by my boss]: ‘No, you’ve got to phone him and you’ve got to put this to him and he may be sanctioned.’ I said I’m not doing it.” 
 Neville worked as an adviser in  Braintree jobcentre  , Essex, for four years and has written a play with two collaborators, her friends  Angela Howard  and  Jackie Howard,  both of whom have helped advocate for unemployed people who were threatened with benefit sanctions by jobcentre staff. 
 The title of the play,  Can This be England?  is an allusion to the disbelief that she and the others feel at how people on benefits are being treated, she says. And she unashamedly describes the play, in which she also acts, as a “  dramatic consciousness-raising exercise  ”. 
 Can This be England?  deals with the quagmire that awaits people caught in the welfare system. Scenes are set in jobcentres and in characters’ homes addressing some of what Neville calls the “  everyday absurdity  ” of what occurs, such as when people with disabilities and fluctuating health conditions are wrongly declared “  fit for work  ” inflicting additional suffering in the process. It also examines the dilemmas faced by staff in jobcentres, many of whom Neville believes feel stripped of any power to do good and are crumbling under the strain as managers enforce new rules. 
 Full story in the Guardian 
 Source -  Benefits & Work , 03 Feb 2015 
 http://www.benefitsandwork.co.uk/news/3006-as-a-jobcentre-adviser-i-got-brownie-points-for-cruelty 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Email 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Written by  untynewear   2 Comments  Posted in  Music & Words ,  Sanctions  Tagged with  All In It Together ,  Angela Howard ,  Angela Neville ,  £ ,  benefit ,  benefit sanctions ,  benefits ,  Braintree ,  Braintree jobcentre ,  Can This be England? ,  capitialism ,  coalition Government. ,  Conservative ,  County Durham ,  Department for Work & Pensions ,  dole ,  Durham ,  Durham City ,  DWP ,  Easington ,  employed ,  employment ,  Essex ,  fit for work ,  foodbanks ,  forced work ,  Gateshead ,  government ,  Hebburn ,  Hetton-le-Hole ,  Houghton-le-Spring ,  how people on benefits are being treated ,  Jackie Howard ,  Jarrow ,  job ,  Job Centre ,  job seeker ,  Jobcentre ,  jobcentre adviser ,  Jobcentre Plus ,  jobs ,  Jobseekers Allowance ,  JSA ,  Labour ,  Lib Dems ,  Liberal Democrats ,  Low Pay ,  National Minimum Wage ,  neo-liberal ,  neoliberal ,  neoliberalism ,  New Labour ,  Newcastle ,  Newcastle upon Tyne ,  North East ,  North Tyneside ,  Northumberland ,  parliament ,  Peterlee ,  politicians ,  politics ,  sanction ,  sanctioned ,  sanctions ,  sanctions regime ,  Seaham ,  slavery ,  Social Security ,  South Shields ,  South Tyneside ,  special adviser ,  Sunderland ,  tax credits ,  threatened with benefit sanctions by jobcentre staff ,  Tory ,  Tyne ,  Tyne & Wear ,  Tyneside ,  unemployed ,  Unemployed In Tyne & Wear ,  unemployed north east ,  unemployed people ,  unemployed tyne&wear ,  unemployedintyne&wear ,  unemployment ,  unemployment benefits ,  Wallsend ,  Washington ,  Wear ,  Wearside ,  welfare system ,  welfare-to-work ,  Whitley Bay ,  work ,  work for benefits ,  Work Programme ,  workfare ,  worklessness ,  WP  January 19, 2014 
  Jobseeker's Agreement Fun & Games (Part 3)  
 Ok… round 2. I’ve now discarded the submissive attitude adopted for the initial interview and now its time to enter angry, cynical bastard mode (admittedly this seems to be pretty much my default state nowadays). 
 The adviser was allowed to play his hand in the first interview, and he proved himself to be one of those who would, if given the opportunity, steamroller the claiment into signing a Jobseeker’s Agreement (JSAg) designed to set them up for sanctions, presumably with no qualms about the ensuing hardship their actions would cause. 
 Remember this, and remember it well - it’s  YOUR  life they will be disrupting, possibly destroying. They will continue on their merry way, drawing their rather good wage and probably basking in the praise they get for hitting their sanction targets at your expense. 
 So what are  YOU  going to do about it ? Because its only  YOU  who can do anything about it. 
 Luckily its not so hard as you might think - or might be encouraged to think. Of course it helps if you’re a naturally stroppy person. Actually, I’m not, and once upon a time I’d have probably have allowed them to steamroller me too, but the passage of the long, hard years, etc - basically I’ve learnt how to play the part, studied how they play their parts, learnt the facts that they should know but so often seem ignorant of - pretty inexcusable when that knowledge should be central to the proper execution of their jobs, but there you go. It’s something you can use. 
 Knowledge is power, and can give you a little leverage - it’s up to  YOU  how you use it to best effect. 
 Archimedes said  “Give me a firm place to stand, and I will move the Earth.”  That’s a little ambitious perhaps - I’d settle for helping a few more cracks appear in the edifice - it may not be as dramatic as burning down the Jobcentre, but chipping away here and there has its effect. 
 Not much of one if it’s just me, but what if  YOU  join in, and  YOU  and  YOU  ? And all the other  YOU  s who accept having deadly JSAgs foisted on them without argument, then whinge about it afterwards ? 
 If everyone refused to sign sub-standard JSAgs at the initial appointment and took the adviser to a second session, that would instantly impose extra strain on the system - and probably on the advisers too. More cracks for you to insert your metaphorical crowbar into. 
 But its down to  YOU  to act in your own best interests. All I can do is record how I’ve gone about things - hopefully it may inspire  YOU  and give  YOU  a few ideas. 
 Anyhow, enough about  YOU  , how was I getting on back at the Jobcentre ? 
 Mr Submissive safely back in his box, Mr Bastard takes to the stage. As the adviser’s only previous experience of me is as the former, this apparant change of personality may throw him a bit. 
 Incidentally, I find it useful to take a few props along. Print out anything you think you might be able to quote at them, put them in a file, then add enough extra sheets (blank if you like) to give it a bit of weight so that it gives a satisfying thump when you dump it on their desk. If they query it, say  “Just a few notes …I’ve been looking into the legal implications”  or something on those lines. Leave it vague - let their imaginations fill in the blanks, however erroneously. 
 A reporter’s notepad is also useful. Put it on their desk to make sure they see it, but transfer it to your lap, out of their sight, to make notes. Actually, you dont even have to make notes - just appear to be doing so. doodle, scribble, whatever, it’s the fact that you appear to be making notes that is important. Once again, encourage their imagination to jump to conclusions. Oh, and dont forget a pen - you kind of lose points if you have to ask to borrow one of theirs. 
 The notepad can also be used to disrupt their flow, should you wish to. Just say _“Sorry … could you repeat that ? I ought to make a note of that,” _ and then scribble something on your pad for a while. 
 Mr Bastard also attempts to take control. Mr Bastard is right in from the word go. He points out that the JSAg is a contract and that under English common law there are certain niceties that must be observed if it is to be considered valid, does Mr Adviser not agree ? Mr Adviser has obviously never given a moments thought to the subject, is caught on the back foot, and resorts to  umming  and  ahhing . 
 “Well it is, and it does,”  Mr Bastard informs him, and moves on to the next issue. 
 You might recall from Part 2 that this adviser changed one of my specified employment fields on the JSAg to  “assembly”  , despite me pointing out that not only did I have no experience in that field, I wasn’t even clear what  “assembly”  actually entails. 
 Mr Bastard points out again that he knows nothing of this field, and demands it is changed…but not back to the original job, instead he is willing to allow  “Retail  ” to be inserted instead. 
 In actual fact, Mr. Bastard’s experience of retail is pretty much limited to working stalls at markets and festivals - still, that’s 100% more experience than he has of assembly. Mr. Bastard also knows that far too many retail jobs are part-time and zero hours, but he wont have to apply for those, as he specifies needing full-time work. 
 However, the important thing is that Mr. Bastard is seen as willing to compromise and allow the Mr. Adviser to change one of his designated jobs (albeit one that he did not himself designate to start with). Mr. Bastard makes sure Mr Adviser knows that he’s making compromises, that he’s willing to do business. All bullshit really, but this perceived willingness to negotiate will look good should you need to take your case to independent appeal. 
 Still pushing the illusion of being Mr Compromise, Mr Bastard also states that he’s going to allow the total of 6 compulsory job applications per week to stand - a 100% increase on the existing JSAg. Mr. Adviser upped it from 3 to 6 at the initial appointment. 
 Six applications a week may not seem much, but taken in the context of the North East’s job opportunities… some weeks it’ll probably mean applying for 5 jobs I know I’m not going to get. The one bright spot is that email means I dont have to waste money on stamps and stationary anymore. 
 Mr Adviser did attempt to rally behind his assembly fixation - what the hell is is with him and assembly work ? If its so great, why isn’t he doing it ? And, being Mr Bastard, I asked him that very question. He didn’t answer, but stated that assembly was where all the work is locally. 
 Aha ! said Mr Bastard, who had spent a profitable and instructive 15 minutes prior to the interview printing off jobs from the Jobcentre’s jobpoints. 
 “Funny you should say that,”  says Mr Bastard,  “I’ve just been working my way through the top 100 local jobs, and guess how many assembly jobs I found ?” 
 Mr Adviser is not up to guessing games, but Mr Bastard tells him anyway -  “Two !”  He dumps the job slips in front of Mr Adviser and goes on to point out that both require previous experience and arcane qualifications, neither of which Mr Bastard - as he has repeatedly pointed out - possesses. 
 Mr Adviser shrugs. But there’s more - Mr Bastard dips into his other pocket and extracts a far larger wad of job slips.  “By way of comparison, in the top 100 jobs on your job points I found no less than nineteen vacancies for self-employed leaflet distributors.” 
 And that’s the way of it folks - 2% assembly jobs, 19% leaflet distributors. In fact its probably worse than that - had I counted several other door-to-door, catalogue selling, commision based non-jobs in with the leaflet non-jobs, they’d have accounted for at least 25% of work available on the Jobcentre’s (and thus the government’s) own job points. 
 Its the unpalatable fact that they wont acknowledge - last August the  Financial Times  highlighted a survey of vacancies by  Adzuna.co.uk,  described as  “a search engine that collects every online job vacancy.” 
 According to this survey, London and the southeast accounted for 46 per cent of UK vacancies… compared with just 3.3 per cent in the North East. 
 Anyone having to live on benefits in the North East knows this. Anyone looking for full-time work knows it’s even worse than that - once you’ve weeded out the part-time jobs, the zero hour contracts, and the 25% of “self-employed” scam non-jobs - what’s left ? 
 Very little. 
 We know it , they must know it too, but refuse to acknowledge it, and insist we continue to chase vacancies in which we have neither the specified experience or qualifications, which we know before we even send the application that we wont be considered for. 
 If you wanted to design a system that seems guaranteed to destroy self-confidence and morale, look no further. 
 Mr Bastard makes these points, but Mr Adviser is obviously not interested. After all, he has his job, his little bit of power over the plebs, and is fulfilling the the trust invested in him by Iain Duncan Smith admirably. 
 The session petered out around now, with Mr Adviser saying that he will have to book a double-session for next time, as Mr Bastard has to agree to the revised JSAg or it will be refered to a decision maker. 
 “  WE  have to mutually agree on a contract, subject to English common law”  Mr Bastard reminds him, and exits, feeling he’s probably come out on top - and still hasn’t signed the JSAg. 
 To be continued … 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Email 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Written by  untynewear   1 Comment  Posted in  Jobseeker's Agreement  Tagged with  adviser ,  Adzuna.co.uk ,  and I will move the Earth ,  angry ,  arcane ,  Archimedes ,  assembly ,  assembly jobs ,  assembly work ,  attitude ,  bastard ,  bright spot ,  bullshit ,  burning down the Jobcentre ,  catalogue selling ,  change of personality ,  claiment ,  commision based non-jobs ,  compromise ,  contract ,  cracks appear in the edifice ,  crowbar ,  cynical ,  decision maker ,  default state ,  Department for Work & Pensions ,  designated jobs ,  destroy self-confidence ,  door-to-door ,  DWP ,  email ,  employment ,  English common law ,  festivals ,  Financial Times ,  fixation ,  full-time work ,  Give me a firm place to stand ,  government ,  hardship ,  Iain Duncan Smith ,  independent appeal ,  interview ,  job applications ,  Jobcentre ,  jobcentre adviser ,  Jobcentre Plus ,  jobpoints ,  Jobseeker's Agreement ,  JSA ,  JSAg ,  knowledge is power ,  leaflet distributors ,  legal implications ,  live on benefits in the North East ,  London ,  markets ,  metaphorical ,  metaphorical crowbar ,  mode ,  morale ,  Mr Bastard ,  Mr Compromise ,  Mr Submissiv ,  Mr. Adviser ,  negotiate ,  non-jobs ,  North East ,  North East job opportunities ,  online job vacancy ,  original job ,  Part 2 ,  part-time ,  part-time jobs ,  person ,  play the part ,  plebs ,  previous experience ,  proper execution of their jobs ,  qualifications ,  refused to sign ,  reporter’s notepad ,  retail ,  sanction targets ,  sanctions ,  search engine ,  self-confidence ,  self-employed leaflet distributors ,  show his hand ,  stamps ,  stationary ,  steamroller ,  strain on the system ,  stroppy ,  submissive ,  Unemployed In Tyne & Wear ,  unemployed north east ,  unemployed tyne &wear ,  vacancies ,  zero hour contracts ,  zero hours 
 Recent Posts 
 
 North Star Bulletin - 13 July 2015 
 North Star Bulletin - 11 July 2015 
 North Star Bulletin - 10 July 2015 
 North Star Bulletin - 09 July 2015 
 North Star Bulletin - 08 July 2015 
 North Star Bulletin : 07 July 2015 
 North Star Bulletin - 06 July 2015 
 North Star Bulletin 05 July 2015 
 Scotswood community garden celebrates its 20th anniversary 
 Northern Rail workers vote to go on strike in row over jobs 
 
 Categories 
 
 All In It Together  (122) 
 Cuts & More Cuts  (164) 
 Desperate Times  (205) 
 Events / Actions  (143) 
 Fight Back  (32) 
 Food / Clothing Banks  (88) 
 General Election 2015  (157) 
 Health  (114) 
 History  (40) 
 Housing  (136) 
 Industrial Action  (35) 
 Jobseeker's Agreement  (7) 
 Loan Sharks  (28) 
 Miscellaneous  (96) 
 Music & Words  (27) 
 Outsourcing  (18) 
 Political  (309) 
 Poverty Crime  (23) 
 Poverty Porn  (24) 
 Public Transport  (34) 
 Right Wing & Other Loonies  (71) 
 Sanctions  (126) 
 Unemployment  (154) 
 Universal Credit  (55) 
 Universal Jobmatch  (10) 
 Welfare  (114) 
 Work Programme & Beyond  (28) 
 Workfare  (64) 
 
 LINKS 
 
 Big Brother Watch 
 Boycott Workfare 
 Consumer Action Group Forums 
 Glynis Millward 
 Hope Not Hate 
 Jayne Linney 
 Keep Volunteering Voluntary 
 Loonwatch 
 Malice In Sunderland 
 Mentally Wealthy 
 National Secular Society 
 North Star Forum 
 Republic (anti-monarchy) 
 SchNEWS 
 Spirit Of Place 
 Sunderland Echoes 
 The Learning Professor 
 The Void 
 Turn2us 
 urban75 Forums 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
