
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Hot Damn! it's a Full-time job 
 General Account/Project Manager. SpecialGuest. Brooklyn, NY, USA. BOOM! Nuff said. 
 About 
 SpecialGuest is seeking a driven hybrid Account/Project Manager with experience across integrated projects in the creative agency landscape. Given our unique agency model, we’re looking for a marketer who understands and can manage client needs, while being able to manage the day-to-day of certain projects. As the industry is rapidly shifting, we’re looking to bring on an entrepreneurial-minded individual who can bring a fresh perspective to the table and help our business grow. 
 West Coast dwellers encouraged to apply! 
 Essential Functions: 
Drive the client relationship by knowing their organization and business inside and out, act as their trusted partner and lead daily contact (as needed). 
Have a clear and well-articulated point of view on the client’s business and ensure the internal team understands the client’s aims and goals. 
Conduct research and industry trends for pre-existing clients, bring about new business ideas to the table where it makes sense. 
Dependent on size and needs of scope, be the sole driver of a project and/or work closely with an Integrated Producer to oversee the project from initial pitch to final delivery (internal and external). 
Write proposals and SOWs as needed for small and mid-sized projects. 
Manage the budgeting, estimation and tracking process as needed. 
 Requirements: 
3-8 years of experience in the creative industry and working directly with clients. 
Strong interpersonal and communication skills 
Ability to interface with senior clients and stakeholders 
Knowledge of Google Suites and Microsoft Suites (XLS, Word, PPT) required 
Keynote knowledge a plus. 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7956-specialguest-general-account-project-manager  
 On-site required? 
 No 
 Experience 
 3-6 years 
 Skills 
 Commercial, Content Management, Maintaining Schedules, Management of Teams 1-10, Management of Teams 10-20, Managing Budgets, Producing, Project Management 
 Date Posted 
 January 12, 2021 
 Managed By 
 Lauren Moroz 
 Perks 
 
 No assholes 
 Work from home 
 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
