Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Produce Clerk 
 IGA Gibsons 
 __Gibsons, BC 
 Apply Now 
 JOIN US BECAUSE YOU LOVE GOOD FOOD, WORK HERE BECAUSE YOU LOVE A GREAT OPPORTUNITY 
 For more than half a century, British Columbians have chosen IGA for a friendly face and good food. We’re a hub of community life and today, a place with fresh and revitalized energy, ready to be the grocery store of choice for shoppers. We are simple goodness. 
 IGA Gibsons is looking for energetic and customer-oriented foodie to join as a full-time Produce Clerk.  As a Produce Clerk, you will be part of the team that helps us prepare and creatively display an abundant selection of produce items. 
 Job Requirements 
 
 Have previous produce experience is an asset. 
 Be available to work varied shifts including early mornings, evenings and weekends. 
 Have previous customer service experience  (required). 
 Have excellent communication and interpersonal skills. 
 Have excellent attention to detail; ability to use basic math, strong English skills for reading and writing. 
 Enjoys working in a team and works well with minimal supervision in a fast-paced environment. 
 Must be readily available to start. 
 Must have a VALID work authorization in Canada. 
 
 The pleasure in our work comes from delivering a familiar experience that gives our customers exactly what they want, time and time again. If there’s a product that our customers wouldn’t put on their shelves, they won’t find it on ours. We put the team in teamwork so that everyone is here to support each other and make the most of a job well done.  Together we’ll keep groceries uncomplicated and easy for our customers, quite simply… simple. 
 Does it sound like a great opportunity? Apply today by submitting your application directly to this Indeed ad. 
 We thank all candidates in advance for their interest and advise that only those that are considered will be contacted for an interview. 
 Job Type: Full-time 
 Schedule: 
 
 Day shift 
 Holidays 
 Monday to Friday 
 Night Shift 
 Weekends 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Customer Service: 1 year (Required) 
 produce: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Location: 
 
 Gibsons, BC (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
