  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Hyde, England 
 Rate:  £25000 - £40000 per annum + Incentives 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Conveyancer 
 I'm working on behalf of my client, a reputable firm in the Greater Manchester area as they look to recruit an experienced Residential Conveyancing Solicitor or experienced Licensed Conveyancer on a permanent basis. 
 The role will cover a wide-range of matters within the residential property sector. 
 The Role: 
, Leading and Managing own caseload of new conveyancing matter including purchase, sales and re-mortgages, help to buy, from instruction to completion 
, Checking legal title in relation to the purchase including checking site documentation, contract and TP1 or Lease; 
, Preparing and issuing contract papers on any related sale; 
, Analysing search results; 
, Preparing completion statements and invoices; 
, Dealing with exchange of contracts and legal completion. 
, Undertake other tasks required by the firm as necessary 
 The Person: 
, Qualified Solicitor with at least 5 years PQE / Experience, and or similar Residential Conveyancer (Licenced) with at least 5 years' fee earning experience. 
, Excellent communication skills with the ability to build strong client relationships. 
, Good Billing track and an unblemished record in Residential Conveyancing 
, Technical conveyancing knowledge 
, Attention to detail 
, Ability to work under minimum supervision 
 In return for the requirements above, my client can offer excellent benefits, perk and career progression such as (but not limited to): 
, the ability to maintain and improve their earnings by competitive salary and commissions ( T&C; applies) 
, Flexible working options with full remote access including working from office or home 
, Use of Modern Case Management Software - remote access to Case Management systems and email. 
, Access to precedents currently available and incorporated into our case management. 
, Full Accounts support, Management, process, Billing and IT Support 
, Full Secretarial/Administrative back end support 
, Access to Head office & meeting offices nationwide 
, Full regulatory service & Assistance - COLP/COFA/MLRO 
, Supervision and file Reviews 
, regular incentives 
 Should you wish to discuss this role before applying please contact John Wilson: 
Telephone: 01772 208969 
Email: john.wilson@servicecare.org.uk 
For our latest jobs and register for job alerts please visit www.servicecare.org.uk/legal 
 Service Care Legal is a specialist recruitment agency supplying temporary and permanent professionals to Private Practices, Local Authorities and In-house Legal Departments nationwide. 
 We have in-depth experience of recruiting at all levels within the legal industry and consultants who specialise in specific markets to ensure you have a dedicated point of contact who's an expert in your area. 
 We also offer a £250 referral bonus if you know of anyone who may be interested in this role. 
 Please contact John on 01772 208969 with any referrals. 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Rate:  £25000 - £40000 per annum + Incentives 
 
 
 Location:  Hyde, England 
 
 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 
 Industry:  Legal 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208969 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-17 17:06:29 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Family Support Worker 
 Mental Healthcare Assistant – Leeds 
 Project Support Officer  
 Network Permit Officer 
 Commercial Services Manager 
 Compliance Support 
 SEN Caseworker Assistant 
 Administrator 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Customer Service Advisor 
 Cleaner 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Recovery Worker 
 Mental Health Recovery Worker 
 Channel Sales Manager 
 Senior Children's Support Worker 
 Social Worker 
 Talent Acquisition Coordinator  
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
