Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Business Transformation Consulting - Transformation Execution Manager (Calgary, Vancouver or Toronto) 
 EY 
 __Calgary, AB 
 Apply Now 
 EY’s people in more than 150 countries are committed to operating with integrity, quality and professionalism in the provision of audit, tax, consulting and transaction services. We strive to help all our people achieve their professional and personal goals through an inclusive environment that values everyone's contributions, appreciates diversity of thought, fosters growth, and provides continuous opportunities for development. Recognized as one of Canada's top employers, EY continually strives to be a great place to work. 
 Being part of a dynamic, growing organization offers an exciting career path full of opportunity. EY’s Consulting Services is a $4+ billion global practice, with 18,000+ professionals. With an overall market of $150+ billion, there's tremendous potential for growth - and we're prepared to tap into that potential. Our Consulting team takes a strategic approach to helping clients improve and sustain their business performance. In today's complex business environment, that means understanding the relationship between risk and performance improvement and applying our knowledge to help clients achieve their business objectives. 
 Our Transformation Execution Consulting team is all about helping clients improve the attainment of project transformation goals and achieve the anticipated business benefits for complex programs and projects. EY’s industry leading independent program review services deliver an objective, fact-based, and explicit predictive risk identification and recovery process for the full project lifecycle. 
 Predictability and accuracy of business and financial results are paramount in business today. Executives must successfully manage major strategic and operational initiatives to accomplish their goals. The success or failure of these transformation programs or projects hinges on identifying and managing a complex series of interdependent risks in a timely and effective manner. Our team provides fact-based advice to senior executives in five strategic areas: Independent Project and Program Review (IPR); Independent Program Management Office maturity assessment; Transformation Architecture and Execution; Portfolio Management; and Strategic Sourcing Risk Advisory. 
 Complex Transformation Architect and Delivery 
Technology Strategy 
Complex Programs / Portfolios Execution 
Program & Portfolio Management and Governance 
Innovation Strategy and Management 
Strategic Outsourcing 
 We are looking for Mangers to join our Business Transformation Consulting – Transformation Execution practice in either Calgary, Vancouver or Toronto. 
 Responsibilities 
Lead and manage full lifecycle implementation projects using leading practices, methods, frameworks, standards and maturity models (i.e. Oracle AIM/CDM, Agile, RUP). 
Lead large scale planning, execution and controlling activities for projects' strategic benefits and objectives, or subsections of large/complex programs (i.e. Transformations, Complex It implementations, Mega Infrastructure projects). 
Manage multi million-dollar projects or subsections of multi-year large/complex projects including Project Management Office (PMO) or Transformation Management Office (TMO) design/operations and governance. 
Perform feasibility studies and risk adjusted transformation benefit analyses. 
Lead organizational planning, re-engineering and transformation initiatives (benefits management, program stakeholder management and program governance), including IT programs and business transformation endeavors and/or infrastructure projects. 
Perform critical analysis of large complex programs/projects including program performance measures, controls and analytics-based analysis. 
Develop program recovery plans and remediation options (benefit analysis) to executive management. 
Conduct qualitative and quantitative risk analysis including sensitivity, decision tree analysis to depict key interactions and utilizing simulation models to analyze the behavior/performance and the outcomes to project plan. 
Manage risk management initiatives including risk planning, execution and response development. 
 To qualify, candidates must have: 
A bachelor's degree and approximately 5-7 years of related work experience; or a graduate degree and approximately 5-7 years of related work experience 
A minimum of 5+ years of industry/advisory experience 
Minimum of 5 years of experience delivering large scale ERP solutions (Oracle) 
a degree in MIS, Engineering, Applied Science, Finance, Economics preferred 
An MBA (project management, finance, operations); or a master's in Computer Science, Engineering or Applied Science is considered a plus. 
 Certifications:  PMI (PgMP/PMP/CAPM)/Prince2/Six Sigma (Green/Black/Master Black Belt) 
Experience with and/or certified in PM tools (e.g. Primavera/MS EPM/CA Clarity/HP PPM/Planview) 
Analytical and conceptual thinker with innovative capacity 
Ability to handle complexity and ambiguity, and provide structure to complex problems 
Collaboration, teaming, excellent presentation and communication (written, oral) skills 
Integrity, maturity and dependability 
 EY is committed to inclusiveness, equity and accessibility. We encourage all qualified candidates to apply. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
