[ 
 Workew 
 Workew is the #1 board to find remote jobs, careers and other remote work opportunities to become digital nomad, work from anywhere and travel the world. 
 ](https://workew.com/ "Workew") Close Search for: Search 
 
 Remote Jobs 
 
 Marketing 
 Developer 
 Operations 
 Designer & UX 
 Customer Service 
 Project Mgmt 
 Sales & Biz Dev 
 Writing & Editing 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Other WFH Jobs 
 
 
 Remote Work Course 
 My account 
 
 Shopping Cart 
 
 
 More
 
 Facebook Group 
 Telegram Alerts 
 Pricing & Plans 
 Remote Health 
 Contact Us 
 Blog Posts 
 
 
 Post a Job 
 Post a Resume 
  __Facebook 
 
 Menu 
 Business Development Manager 
 
 
 Sales 
 Anywhere in US/Canada 🇺🇸🇨🇦 
 Posted October 29 
 1Password 
 
 Overview 
 60,000 businesses and millions of people use 1Password to protect their most important information. We’re a kind, curious, and customer-focused team on a mission to build the world's most-loved password manager and give people more control over their data. 
 We’re looking for someone to head up Business Development in a new strategic product area for 1Password. Reporting to our Head of Product and partnering closely with the product management team, you will develop an ecosystem of partners around the new product initiative for the company. You’ll have the creative opportunity to shape the direction of the business and product, as well as the partner ecosystem you will be creating. 
 If you’re high energy, have a sense of humor, a positive attitude, and a strong self-driven process for learning, we want to hear from you! 
 What we 're looking for: 
 
 5+ years in a business development role forming and managing partnerships focused on technical integrations. 
 An undergraduate degree ideally in a technical track, such as Computer Science, Math, or Engineering. 
 Ability to understand our product strategy, market opportunity, customer personas, and their needs. 
 Ability to lead the supporting business development strategy and execute it. 
 Aptitude to bring market insights to the product management team and help shape our product direction. 
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills. 
 Ability to create and deliver compelling and persuasive arguments to our target partners. You can convince them to invest in helping us achieve our strategic goals. 
 Persistence to crack open doors to our target partners and build relationships that drive projects forward to fruition. 
 Can work with our executive team, advisors, and where necessary, board members to gain access to their networks and gain influence over our target integration partners. 
 Ability to work with the marketing and sales teams to co-develop plans that raise awareness of strategic partnerships with our customers. 
 Strong leadership abilities and the aptitude to take ownership of projects and manage them through to success. 
 
 What you can expect: 
 
 Lead Business Development in a new strategic product area for 1Password. 
 Partner closely with the product management team to develop an ecosystem of partners around the new product initiative for the company. 
 Help shape the direction of the business and the product, as well as the partner ecosystem you will be creating. 
 Understand our product strategy, market opportunity, customer personas, and their needs. 
 Lead the supporting business development strategy and execute it. 
 Crack open doors to our target partners and build relationships that drive projects forward to fruition. 
 Work with our executive team, advisors, and where necessary, board members to gain access to their networks. 
 Work with the marketing and sales teams to co-develop plans that drive awareness of our partnership efforts. 
 
 
 Apply for job 
 Bookmark Job 
 
 Job Page Views:  146 
 Sales 
 
  Website  
  Twitter  
 
 Full Time 
 More Jobs 
 Position closed? 
 Let us know . 
 Share this job: 
 
  Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Join the Remote Slack Community: 
 
 Signup today for free!  🚀 
 Related Jobs 
 
 
 
 Animator/Graphic Designer 
 Mozilla  Internet must always remain a global public resource 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 * Designer
* December 7
 
 
 
 
 Growth Marketing Operations Manager 
 ChowNow  Commission-free online ordering, built just for your restaurant. 
 Anywhere 🌎 
 * Marketing
* December 13
 
 
 
 
 Customer Support Specialist 
 Deel  Payroll for remote teams 
 Anywhere in APAC 🌏 
 * Support
* November 1
 
 Find Your Dream Job 
 Recruiters looking for remote talent can find your resume based on keywords, job titles, skills and more. 
 Post a resume today 
 WORKEW © 2020 
 Facebook   Twitter   LinkedIn   Instagram   YouTube 
 Back to Top 
 Nomad Insurance by SafetyWing : The best travel medical insurance for freelancers & remote workers Get Insured 
