Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Regulated Pharmacy Technician PT 
 Shoppers Drug Mart 
 __Milton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
1020 Kennedy Circle, Milton, Ontario, L9T 5S4 
 Join a locally owned and operated store to help deliver health, beauty and convenience services in your community, and keep the customer at the centre of everything you do. 
 Why this role is important? 
 What you'll do 
 Patient greeting and confirmation of accuracy of all pertinent prescription information prior to filling 
Data entry of patient care information into HealthWatch 
Third Party adjudication where required and necessary 
Accurate dispensing prescription medications 
Maintenance of pharmacy stock through inventory control systems 
General OTC enquiries from patients and referral to Pharmacist where required and necessary 
Handling customer prescription pick up 
Assisting with cashier responsibilities as required in the Pharmacy 
 What you'll need 
 Registered with the corresponding provincial licensing college, where applicable in the province seeking employment, in good standing 
Experience as a Pharmacy Technician or certification from an accredited Pharmacy Technician program 
Excellent organizational skills and detail orientation 
Strong communication skills 
Demonstrated customer service experience 
Strong motivation to succeed 
Proficient computer/data/entry skills 
 J2WRXA 
J2WRRX 
 Why work in a Shoppers Drug Mart store? 
 Each store has an Associate-Owner, so you will work for a local business owner while having the support of a national brand. Benefit from a purchase discount program, flexible and varied schedules, competitive pay and online learning through SDMU. 
 Take ownership of your work and find more ways to care about your patients, co-workers, customers and community. 
 Associate Owners in the Shoppers Drug Mart network recognize Canada's diversity as an opportunity to better serve their communities, and strive to reflect the nation’s evolving diversity in the products they sell, the people they hire, and the culture they create in their stores. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants and colleagues with disabilities. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
