  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Buckinghamshire, England 
 Rate:  £10.50 - £13 per hour 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Learning Disability Support Worker 
 We have a new and exciting opportunity for a Learning Disability Support Worker to work within a specialist supported living service for children, based in Wingrave! 
 *Do you know someone who would be interested in this role? We offer a £250 referral bonus per successful candidate that is referred 
 
 
 
 Temporary Pay Rate: 
, Week Days & Sleep ins: £10.50ph ltd 
, Nights & Weekends: £11ph ltd 
, Bank Holidays: £13ph ltd 
 Hours and length of contract: 
, Temporary part time hours (with the potential for full time) 
, Mix of shifts: 
o Days: 10:00 - 18:00 
o Earlies: 07:00 - 14:30 
o Lates: 14:30 - 22:00 
, The manager is looking for the position to be filled ASAP 
 Daily Duties: 
The client is a national charity which supports over 1,200 people with a learning disability and/or autism with the aim to celebrate and develop everyone's unique gifts, talents and contributions. 
 You will work within the supported living houses on a residential school complex that cares for and provides education to students with severe learning difficulties and autism spectrum disorder (ASD). 
 The service users are aged 10 -19 years of age and severe and profound learning, ASD and challenging behaviour. 
 In addition, some children may suffer with epilepsy and minor physical impairments. 
 As a support worker you will provide high quality and compassionate care to the service users and be responsible for their general well-being. 
 Daily duties include but are not limited to: 
, Providing physical, emotional, spiritual and social support to service users 
, Teaching life skills including: using public transport, shopping, cooking and cleaning 
, Supporting service users to take part in physical exercise - climbing, swimming, walking water sports 
, Supporting service users with work experience (e.g. 
 on a farm) 
, Supporting service users to be active members of the community and access shops and cafes 
, Assisting service users with personal care where necessary 
 Person specification: 
The successful candidate will need to have NVQ Level 3 or be working towards it. 
 Recent relevant experience within learning disabilities is essential and you must be DBS cleared. 
 If you are interested in this role then please contact Emma at SCS on 01772 208963 or send across your CV directly to emma.leck@servicecare.org.uk 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  3 weeks+ongoing 
 
 
 Rate:  £10.50 - £13 per hour 
 
 
 Location:  Buckinghamshire, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Medical 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208963 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-04 15:40:19 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Customer Service Advisor 
 Cleaner 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Recovery Worker 
 Mental Health Recovery Worker 
 Channel Sales Manager 
 Senior Children's Support Worker 
 Social Worker 
 Talent Acquisition Coordinator  
 Recovery Worker 
 Environmental Health Officer 
 Food Safety Officer 
 Environmental Health Officer 
 Theatre Nurse 
 Domestic Assistant 
 Planning Manager 
 Head of Highways 
 Hospital Cleaner 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
