Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Warehouse Assembler - Loblaw Distribution Center 
 Loblaw Companies Limited 
 __Ajax, ON 
 Apply Now 
 WHY WORK FOR LOBLAW: 
Competitive compensation package ** ($19.00 - $24.00) 
overtime 
Flexible benefits 
Monthly staff events 
Incentive Program (up to $6000 in incentive bonus) 
Tim Horton's On Site 
Career development 
Discount program with local vendors 
Day, afternoon, night shifts currently available. 
Flex shift options available 
 THE ROLE: 
Select product accurately in all climates (dry, coolers, and freezers) 
Assembles and selects cases from pick slots for store orders daily in an accurate, efficient, productive manner and assembles order onto plastic or wood pallets 
Performs visual and operational vehicle safety inspections and reports any unsafe vehicles to a shift supervisor or maintenance personnel 
Responsible for ensuring that all cases and pallets are properly identified with the correct store number 
Secures selected cases and conducts final pallet preparations by wrapping selected loads and applying shipping labels 
 Skill in operating warehouse equipment:  i.e.; Pallet Jacks (double and triple), and/or Reach Trucks 
Complies with Section 28 of the Occupational Health and Safety Act 
Must demonstrate adherence to all HACCP and Food Handling practices 
 QUALIFICATIONS: 
Must have a high school diploma, or be working towards one 
Strong communication skills (verbal and written) 
Positive attitude, team player with track record in customer service excellence 
Ability to lift up to 60lbs repetitively 
 Must have a flexible schedule:  Monday through Sunday with the possibility of working statutory holidays 
 How You 'll Succeed: 
At Loblaw, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Loblaw recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation's evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Loblaw welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. 
 LCLAJX 
 rTNYL8p95j 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
