[ 
 Workew 
 Workew is the #1 board to find remote jobs, careers and other remote work opportunities to become digital nomad, work from anywhere and travel the world. 
 ](https://workew.com/ "Workew") Close Search for: Search 
 
 Remote Jobs 
 
 Marketing 
 Developer 
 Operations 
 Designer & UX 
 Customer Service 
 Project Mgmt 
 Sales & Biz Dev 
 Writing & Editing 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Other WFH Jobs 
 
 
 Remote Work Course 
 My account 
 
 Shopping Cart 
 
 
 More
 
 Facebook Group 
 Telegram Alerts 
 Pricing & Plans 
 Remote Health 
 Contact Us 
 Blog Posts 
 
 
 Post a Job 
 Post a Resume 
  __Facebook 
 
 Menu 
 Sales Development Representative 
 
 
 Sales 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 Posted September 26 
 Applications have closed 
 Skillshare 
 
 Overview 
 Skillshare for Teams is looking for a highly motivated Sales Development Representative (SDR) to join our growing B2B team. In this role, you'll have the opportunity to be Skillshare's first SDR and will play a significant role in helping us build the momentum of our B2C business to accelerate Enterprise revenue & growth. 
 Your primary responsibility is to help turn leads into qualified opportunities by partnering with Marketing and Sales to create and execute on inbound lead programs and outbound lead generation campaigns. This position requires inbound lead fielding, outbound prospecting, qualification, consultative selling skills and tight collaboration with the Account Executives to generate new opportunities. The SDR will be expected to report on qualification and call activity and stay thoroughly informed on all products and the e-learning industry in general. This role is one of the first touch points for prospects and has the opportunity to set the tone for the sales cycle following. 
 We are looking for a collaborative, resourceful, and energetic individual that can contribute to the Sales and Marketing teams, deliver messaging & product feedback back into the Marketing and Product organizations, and work proactively to drive overall sales performance. 
 What you'll do day to day 
 
 Respond, engage and qualify inbound leads and inquiries via email, chat, and support channels 
 Educate leads on Skillshare for Teams product and nurture them until they are qualified and ready to talk with an Account Executive 
 Research and evaluate additional leads/prospects through web research 
 Create target prospects lists and penetrate key accounts 
 Cold call or email into prospects generated by variety of outside sources 
 Profile strategic accounts identifying key individuals, researching and obtaining business requirements and presenting solutions to start the sales cycle 
 Research and create analysis of the prospect before handing them off to an Account Executive 
 Schedule appointments, demos and introduce leads to their new point of contact 
 Provide in depth information to the Sales team to enable the most qualified and productive demos 
 Consistently achieve qualified opportunity quotas to ensure revenue objectives 
 Track all relevant qualification and lead management activity using  com 
 Quickly learn the Skillshare for Teams product, effectively communicate the value proposition and be able to react to objections and competitive questions 
 Effectively partner and work across the Skillshare for Teams departments - including Sales, Marketing, and Product 
 
 Why we’re excited about you 
 
 1-2 years of proven excellence in business development, inside sales and/or sales 
 Demonstrated ability to collaborate with a distributed sales team 
 Proficiency with Salesforce, LinkedIn Sales Navigator and Dun + Bradstreet 
 Capability of understanding customer pain points, requirements and correlating potential business to value that can be provided by Skillshare for Teams 
 Strong and professional communication skills -- written, verbal, presentation 
 Aptitude to manage numerous requests and time demands concurrently, while achieving production goals 
 Promotes a strong sense of urgency for reaching goals and key deliverables 
 Positive can-do attitude and tireless work ethic; driven and self-sufficient 
 
 Why you're excited about us 
 
 Impact  : B2B is quickly becoming a cornerstone of our business, and you’ll be at the heart of it, from the ground up. 
 Growth  : We are growing rapidly and plan to continue in 2021. 
 Our   team  : We have a passionate, talented team that is a lot of fun to work with. 
 Our   mission  : We’re doing work that matters – connecting lifelong learners around the world and empowering them to pursue their creativity. 
 Flexibility  : We believe that doing your best work means living a full life. That means different things for everyone, so we optimize for trust, invest to support remote teams, have an unlimited vacation policy (with a required minimum!), and encourage work-life balance. 
 
 About Skillshare 
 Skillshare is an online learning community for creatives. We have thousands of inspiring classes for creative and curious people, and millions of members who come together to find inspiration and take the next step in their creative journey. We are a  series-D company  backed by OMERS, Union Square Ventures, Spark Capital, Amasia, Spero Ventures, and Burda Principal Investments. 
 Skillshare is committed to building a diverse team that reflects a variety of backgrounds, perspectives, and skills. We’re proud to be recognized as a top place to work by  BuiltinNYC ,  Crain’s , and  Forbes , in addition to being one of the five best places to work for women by  Bpeace , and a top-rated workplace for dads by  Fatherly . We work to ensure a consistent interview process,  fair compensation , and inclusive work environment for all. 
 
 Bookmark Job 
 
 Job Page Views:  136 
 Sales 
 
  Website  
  Twitter  
  Facebook  
  LinkedIn  
 
 Full Time 
 More Jobs 
 Position closed? 
 Let us know . 
 Share this job: 
 
  Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Join the Remote Slack Community: 
 
 Signup today for free!  🚀 
 Related Jobs 
 
 
 
 Paid Media Manager 
 Vessel  Come to a powerful understanding of your body by putting the power of the lab in the palm of your hand. 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 * Marketing
* January 11
 
 
 
 
 Senior Customer Success Manager 
 Labelbox  The training data platform for production AI 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 * Support
* November 24
 
 
 
 
 Senior Data Scientist 
 Quora  A place to share knowledge and better understand the world 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 * Operations
* December 28
 
 Find Your Dream Job 
 Recruiters looking for remote talent can find your resume based on keywords, job titles, skills and more. 
 Post a resume today 
 WORKEW © 2020 
 Facebook   Twitter   LinkedIn   Instagram   YouTube 
 Back to Top 
 Nomad Insurance by SafetyWing : The best travel medical insurance for freelancers & remote workers Get Insured 
