Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 store manager - Parry Sound, ON 
 Starbucks 
 __Parry Sound, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Now Brewing – Future Leaders! #tobeapartner 
 Starbucks is known for developing extraordinary leaders who drive business success by doing the right thing for partners (employees), customers and communities – globally. As a Starbucks leader you are driven by a deep sense of purpose. You are aspirational - never a bystander. You take action to make a positive difference every day, and you inspire others to do the same. 
 Our Store Managers bring the Starbucks experience to life by managing store operations, driving financial success, building great teams, and building a meeting place in their communities. They delight and uplift customers through a human connection. Their work goes beyond a perfectly made beverage; it’s about human connection. They enjoy being able to achieve these aspirations autonomously, while leveraging our world class brand and business practices. 
 We will enable you, leveraging your retail experience, to autonomously: 
 Grow a successful, multi-million dollar business:  drive sales leveraging your business acumen, efficiency and problem solving skills 
 Nurture talent & lead a team:  engage the hearts and minds of your team and develop their skills so that they realize their personal best, both as individuals and as thriving teams 
 Inspire others:  become a dynamic brand ambassador dedicated to driving and achieving results through your team 
 Impact your Community:  integrate your business with the community to create better moments in peoples’ lives, from our partners to our customers, communities and planet 
 We’d love to hear from people with: 
3 years retail / customer service management experience 
Strong organizational, interpersonal and problem solving skills 
Entrepreneurial mentality with experience in a sales focused environment 
Strong leadership skills and the ability to coach and mentor team partners with professional maturity 
Minimum High School or GED 
 Requirements: 
Legal documentation establishing your identity and eligibility to be legally employed in the country in which you apply. 
Ability to work full time (the work regularly demands in excess of 40 hours per week) including variable hours including early mornings, evenings, weekends and/ or holidays. 
 Let us give you the opportunity to grow as an individual, to build lasting relationships and make an impact in a place where people, quality and value mean everything. 
 Join us and connect with something bigger, apply today! 
 Starbucks is an equal opportunity employer of all qualified individuals, including minorities, women, veterans & individuals with disabilities. Starbucks will consider for employment qualified applicants with criminal histories in a manner consistent with all federal, province, and local ordinances. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
