      Ronmamita's Blog  Creatively Express Freedom 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Emergencies! 
 
 FOOD and DRUGS FDA Racket 
 
 Message To Investors 
 
 
 
 
 Global War or Martial Law or Both (don't fall for it) 
 
 Re-Examining Corporate-Governments 
 
 ABOLISH The Dark Cabals 
 
 
 
 
 THE ONE PEOPLE’S PUBLIC TRUST 
 
 1215.org 
 2013 Events… 
 Being and Doing 
 LibrePlanet 
 Read www.apfn.org Documents 
 
 
 Video Room 
 
 Alternative News 
 DOCUMENTS 
 
 Lawful and Legal: not always the same… 
 
 
 NEW-SCIENCE 
 
 Great Mother! (EARTH) 
 
 
 Gameplay: ME1 
 
 
 WOAS 
 
 Institutional Reports 
 
 GLOBAL FINANCIAL KINGDOM 
 
 
 
 
 F.U.Q. 
 Short Stories 
 Consciousness Shift Archives 
 
 NOT A Globe 
 Level-Plane Lab Work 
 
 
 Earth Realm Documentation 
 
 Artifacts Reveal The True Ancient Past 
 
 
 ベイビーステップBaby Steps 
 
 Keiryo Tourney Arc 
 
 
 Baby Steps Archive 
 
 Home  ›  Freedom-Expressed  › Career Investors and Economists Still Shocked When Central Bankers Deceive them! 
 Career Investors and Economists Still Shocked When Central Bankers Deceive them! 
 Posted on  January 29, 2016  by  RonMamita  --  8 Comments 
 Currency Wars & Bank Bail-Ins: 
Today, assets stored in a bank are not safe, this crisis is worldwide. 
Everyone's bank accounts are at risk! 
 Europe implemented a negative interest rate policy (  NIRP  ), and now  NIRP  is adopted in Asia. 
This theft policy is blatant for those with critical thinking skills and morals, but the trend is for more theft to escalate with bank bail-ins when banks actually have to face bankruptcy. 
How long before  NIRP  reaches America? 
 The heads of Central Banks are seen lying in front of NEWS cameras and reporters. 
Not once or twice, but over and over and over again and again! 
 Yet, institutional investors and economists are still shocked. 
The deception, naivete, and the amount of acting from officials and executives is amazing to see! 
The vanishing trust, the snowballing banking crisis, and escalation of wars are all a result of this betrayal of trust in a non-virtuous worldwide corporate market called global development, or simply "  Globalization  ". 
Where an elite cartel imagine they can manage the world and make international policies while demanding full compliance! 
They call this "world order" and it is known as the New World Order (  NWO  ). 
I call it a international corporate criminal cartel of overlords committing crimes against humanity, to include but limited to fraud, theft, murder, and debt slavery. 
 The latest deception came from Haruhiko Kuroda, governor of the central bank of Japan (BOJ). 
 The markets were stunned, again … 
∴ 
 
 This Is Why "Everyone Was Shocked" By The BOJ Announcement 
01/29/2016 
 There is just one phrase to explain the market's reaction to last night's BOJ announcement that it would join the ECB, Sweden, Denmark, and Switzerland into negative territory:  stunned shock . 
 As the  WSJ writes , "many investors had anticipated an expansion of the bank’s asset-purchasing program this year,  but few expected Japan to join the European Central Bank and central banks of Sweden, Denmark and Switzerland in negative territory on Friday.  " 
 Reuters add  that "there’s a significant surprise factor:  almost no economist was calling for this,  ” according to Alex Dryden, global market strategist at JP Morgan Asset Management. 
[…] 
But if nobody expected negative rates out of the BOJ last night, there's a good reason for this:  just one week ago Kuroda himself said on the record that he has " no plan to adopt negative rates now "  - zerohedge.com/news/ 
 
 … 
 
 Deutsche Bank Says Managers Won’t Get Bonuses Amid Record Loss 
German bank reported a loss of 6.8 billion euros, or  $7.4 billion  , in 2015… 
 Italy Reaches ‘Bad Bank’ Agreement With Brussels 
Italy and the EU have reached a deal allowing Italian banks to sell their large portfolios of non-performing loans to private investors with a government guarantee, in an effort to ease market pressure on the financial sector in the eurozone’s third-larg … 
 Report Faults E.C.B. in Irish Banking Collapse 
The European Central Bank placed an “inappropriate” debt burden on Irish citizens in 2010 when it refused to force bond investors to share losses from troubled banks, a parliamentary committee report on the country’s banking collapse said on Wednesday. 
 
 … 
 Talking About NWO Overlords and Elite Globalists 
 Remember Davos, where IMF chief Christine Lagarde, U.S. VP Joe Biden, U.S. Sec of State John Kerry, Greece President Alexis Tsipras and many other officials, executives and influential elites were there in Davos. 
They write the laws, make the policies, and want to coerce or force your obedience and compliance. 
 Now every U.S. citizen is requested to be patriotic and vote for another government puppet. 
What ever nation you are in, you will be next to participate in this deceptive institutional game of covert slavery… 
 Elections: Time To Vote! 
 Are citizens still shocked when politicians are called liars? 
Are citizens still willing to cast a vote for deceivers campaigning for their money masters? 
 Title:  US Version - The Voting Ritual - Which NWO Puppet Do You Prefer? 
Video posted 19 Jan 2016 
 … 
 HILLARY CLINTON is a Puppet campaigning for U.S. President: 
 Title: FBI TO INDICT HILLARY CLINTON OVER EMAIL FRAUD? 
Video posted 27 Jan 2016 
 … 
 Bernie Sanders Is One of the Puppets Campaigning For U.S. President: 
 Title:  Anarchast Ep. 243 Larken Rose: Government on Trial and The Mirror 
Video posted 01 Nov 2015 
 
 RELATED: 
 http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-01-29/here-why-everyone-was-shocked-boj-announcement 
 https://ronmamita.wordpress.com/2016/01/28/googles-deepmind-a-i-algorithm-masters-ancient-game-of-go/ 
 https://ronmamita.wordpress.com/2016/01/16/you-saw-this-crisis-before-it-became-news/ 
 https://ronmamita.wordpress.com/2015/12/17/uk-becomes-the-first-g7-country-outside-asia-to-ratify-the-articles-of-agreement-of-the-aiib/ 
 https://ronmamita.wordpress.com/2015/12/08/from-the-archives-the-script-reveals-what-is-to-come-globalization/ 
 https://ronmamita.wordpress.com/2015/11/05/the-public-trust-is-another-great-deception/ 
 https://ronmamita.wordpress.com/2015/10/13/alert-china-dumping-u-s-government-debt/ 
 https://ronmamita.wordpress.com/2015/09/16/revelations-globalists-rigged-game/ 
 https://ronmamita.wordpress.com/2015/08/23/greek-news-ask-what-is-wrong-with-the-system/ 
 https://ronmamita.wordpress.com/2015/03/15/economic-collapse-what-i-see-happening/ 
 https://ronmamita.wordpress.com/2014/11/17/armstrong-economics-governments-are-conspiring-against-people-worldwide/ 
 https://ronmamita.wordpress.com/2014/09/23/technocrats-cant-hide/ 
 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Print 
 Email 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Telegram 
 WhatsApp 
 Reddit 
 LinkedIn 
 Pocket 
 Pinterest 
 Tumblr 
 Skype 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 About  RonMamita 
 Want Worldwide PEACE and Prosperity. We are the solution we have been searching for... Free People on Earth will solve our crisis and create an era of Creativity. Be Aware; Be Creative; Be Active; Be Free; and then Share it. LOVE & Wholeness AMOR y Paz 
 ‹  Google's DeepMind: A.I. algorithm masters ancient game of Go! 
 Oregon Crisis Continues: No, Not The Militia Shooting  › 
 Tagged with:  agenda ,  asia ,  bail in ,  bail-ins ,  bank ,  bank account ,  Bank of Japan ,  banking ,  BOJ ,  campaign ,  cartel ,  cash ,  central bank ,  crime ,  crisis ,  currency ,  currency war ,  current affairs ,  current event ,  Davos ,  debt ,  deception ,  derivatives market ,  development ,  Europe ,  finance ,  globalism ,  globalization ,  Haruhiko Kuroda ,  institutional ,  interest rate ,  investor ,  japan ,  Kuroda ,  liar ,  market ,  monetary policy ,  monetary system ,  money ,  negative interest rate ,  news ,  NIRP ,  nwo ,  policy maker ,  policy makers ,  presidential candidate ,  savings ,  theft ,  trend ,  vote ,  war ,  world order 
Posted in  Freedom-Expressed 
 8 comments on "Career Investors and Economists Still Shocked When Central Bankers Deceive them!" 
 
 RonMamita  says: 
 
 January 29, 2016 at 4:45 pm 
 Silver Producers Were Deceived By The London Fix! 
 Were Silver Derivatives about to blow and the Silver Fix Rigged to save them? 
 Perhaps a gun is held to someone's head. 
I sense many threats are pressuring officials and executives to obey harsh commands as some influential and prestigious corporations (aka institutional investors) face bankruptcy 
 The silver bullion price is set every day by  six participants  –  HSBC  ,  JPMorgan Chase Bank  ,  Mitsui & Co Precious Metals ,  The Bank of Nova Scotia  ,  Toronto Dominion Bank  and  UBS  – using a system run by CME and Thomson Reuters. 
CME and Thomson Reuters won the battle to provide the methodology and price platform for the daily process back in July 2014, replacing the 117-year old fix in August that year under sweeping reforms of the entire precious metals complex. 
 - LOST TRUST - 
 If the mining companies used the $13.58 London price to settle their production, or if any company or investor used that low price, then they may have lost huge sums of money! 
 Will they seek law suits against the crooks in London? 
Will anyone lose their jobs? 
Will regulators shut down the club? 
Will industry stop using the London system? 
 Bill Holter wrote this: 
"One last topic and I’m not 100% positive what it means. Silver flash crashed last night and the morning fix came in .84 cents below where spot was quietly trading on the LBMA!  http://www.bulliondesk.com/silver-news/update-silver-market-disarray-after-benchmark-priced-far-below-spot-rate-108129/ 
My initial reaction was someone needed to “settle” a trade and the price had to be below $14 in order to not trigger something. In fact, it is being said that this anomalous “fix” will not be reversed but will instead stand. Why would this be? Why, if it was a “mistake” would it not be fixed? 
 After a five mile afternoon ride to ponder this, I can only come up with two viable scenarios. Scenario A. as I just mentioned above, it is possible some bank, broker or other entity needed to “settle” some sort of contract UNDER $14. It is possible this fishy fix enabled someone to close a short without any pain. It may have been an “accommodative” trade so to speak. Scenario B. this may have been “margin liquidation” meaning someone was long silver but received a margin call from another market that needed to be met and very sloppily liquidated all at once. This is not normally how trades are done but if it was a forced sale, the action is possible. We have had huge volatility in so many other markets, it is certainly possible this was a forced sale. The one thing I am quite sure of since backwardation now rules the day in London, this was not a “cash” fix. I am quite sure it was a paper contract “fix”. 
Why else is China so hell bent on creating a “cash only” exchange? 
 Because China knows! 
 It is important to understand we will see things going forward we never expected or ever dreamed of. What started to happen in 2008 where counter-parties lost trust in each other is exactly where we are headed again. 
Central banks stepped in to restore trust,  I am not so sure they have enough credibility or goodwill left to turn a far larger credit tsunami than 2008. 
The credit bubble is again unwinding like 2008 with no White Knights large enough or credible enough to restore confidence once broken. 
All I can say is “gee, what rocket scientist could have figured out the greatest credit boom in the history of history would begin to unwind after an interest rate increase”? " 
 http://www.jsmineset.com/2016/01/28/weapons-of-mass-financial-destruction/ 
 
 Troubling Turnover 
[…] 
"Total COMEX silver inventories hit their lowest level in three years, at under 155.4 million ounces recently. That’s down by nearly 30 million ounces from last year and flies in the face of the widespread belief in a silver surplus. Not only are visible silver inventories actually decreasing, the inventories are being frantically turned over. The price of silver remains stuck at some impossible-to-justify depressed level, yet physical demand has caused its turnover to explode. I don’t think there could be more compelling proof of price manipulation and a skyrocketing price to come. The surplus in crude oil is as real as rain and the price is mostly reflective of the physical glut in oil. But the “surplus” in silver is only a surplus of COMEX futures contracts and not of real metal. The evidence in silver points to a growing physical tightness based upon the documented COMEX physical turnover and visible inventories shrinking instead of growing. If that’s not an invitation to buy and hold silver, then I don’t know what is." - Theodore Butler  January 28, 2016 
 
 
 Japan Just Lit the Fuse on a $9 Trillion Debt Implosion 
 January 29, 2016  by The Phoenix 
 Last night the Bank of Japan implemented Negative Interest Rate Policy, or NIRP. 
 It is the second Central Bank to do so. The European Central Bank or ECB first went to NIRP in June 2014. 
Thus, between Japan and Europe, over 20% of the world’s GDP is being managed by a Central Bank with NIRP. 
 More importantly, TWO major currencies in the world are now at NIRP while the US Dollar is at 0.5%. 
 Why does this matter? 
 Because hundreds of billions of Dollars in capital will be fleeing Japan to come to the US. 
The US Dollar has been in a bull market since mid-2014. It is not coincidence that it started when the Euro first went to NIRP: the minute the EBC implemented NIRP money began fleeing the Euro and moving into the US Dollar. 
 See:  http://gainspainscapital.com/2016/01/29/5891/ 
 * NOTE:  Yen slides after Bank of Japan stuns markets with negative rates. 
The yen was on track for its biggest daily fall against the dollar in over a year on Friday after the Bank of Japan stunned markets by joining a handful of major central banks in adopting negative interest rates. 
 Read:  http://www.reuters.com/article/us-global-forex-idUSKCN0V700D 
 
 Did Japan Just Prove That Central Bankers Are Effectively Out of Ammo? 
 http://sitsshow.blogspot.jp/2016/01/did-japan-just-prove-that-central.html 
Wednesday, January 27, 2016 
 Quantitative Easing  was probably never about restoring the economy to a healthy state, but some economist think otherwise. 
 Since the economic crash of 2008, the US has been using QE and a lowered Fed funds rate forestalling major economic fallout, but eventually these measures will fail. 
 Japan is an example that these kinds of economic policies cannot restore economic growth. While the below article details much of this, it does not say what the biggest drain on growth is: interest. 
 Usury or interest, especially from a central bank, seems to be the single largest economic limiter, literally draining prosperity out of a nation or region into the hands of oligarchs. So while we strive to restore balance to this darkened world, we must seek the whole truth, and not satisfy ourselves in half-measures. 
 In my understanding, until we deal with usury and the hidden aspects of our financial system, no sustainable prosperity will ever come about. Thankfully, the knowledge we seek is at hand, it only requires inquiry. 
 Related  How and Why "The Money Masters" Took Control (Full Documentary) 
 Related  Cosmic Disclosure Season 3 - Episode 3: Ubuntu and the Blue Avians’ Message Part 1 - Summary and Analysis | Corey Goode and David Wilcock 
 Related  Quantitative Easing Failed | Central Banks Are Rapidly Running Out of Options 
 Related  Texas Economy Collapses - Dallas Fed Survey Crashes To 6-Year Lows As "D" Word Is Uttered 
 
 Justin 
 
 Source  -  Zero Hedge 
 
 Global Coordinated Agenda 
 Interview 1128 – Financial Survival in The Cashless Robotic QE Economy 
 Corbett  • 01/28/2016 
Podcast:  Play in new window  |  Download  |  Embed 
 James joins Alfred Adask for their weekly conversation on Financial Survival to discuss the latest financial and economic news from around the world, including the cashless society takeover, the QE unwind and the rise of the robots. 
 SHOW NOTES: 
 The War on Cash: A Country by Country Guide 
 Not even the darkest minds imagined it would be this bad for China 
 China Injects Another $50 Billion Liquidity As Mysterious Panic Buyer Reappears In Offshore Yuan 
 A Whole New Level Of Moral Hazard: China Will Use Public Funds To Cover Venture Capital Losses 
 Wilshire 5000 vs. monetary base 
 Did Japan Just Prove That Central Bankers Are Effectively Out of Ammo? 
 Bank Runs have begun in Italy! 
 Interview with Pepper the robot 
 Fed’s Bill Dudley: The Fed Doesn’t Fully Understand How QE Works 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 * [RonMamita](https://ronmamita.wordpress.com/) says:
 
 January 30, 2016 at 9:48 am 
 Fourth Industrial Revolution: Robots, Artificial Intelligence Will Destroy 5.1 Million Jobs by 2020 
 Fourth Industrial Revolution Coming 
 A new study on the " Future of Jobs " by the World Economic Forum at Davos claims a Fourth Industrial Revolution is Coming. 
 The Fourth Industrial Revolution includes developments artificial intelligence, robotics, nanotechnology, 3-D printing, genetics, and biotechnology. 
 Although no industrial revolution has ever destroyed jobs, the study concludes a net 5.1 million jobs will vanish in the world's 15 leading countries. Those countries account for roughly two-thirds of the global workforce. 
 The report is a 167 page PDF slog. Here are a couple of tables I created from the report data. 
 Job Family Losers 
 
 
 
 Job Family Losers 
 Job Losses in Thousands 
 
 
 
 
 Office and Administrative 
 4,759 
 
 
 Manufacturing and Production 
 1,609 
 
 
 Construction and Extraction 
 497 
 
 
 Arts, Design, Sports, Media 
 151 
 
 
 Legal 
 109 
 
 
 Installation and Maintenance 
 40 
 
 
 Total 
 7,165 
 
 
 
 Job Family Gainers 
 
 
 
 Job Family Gainers 
 Gains in Thousands 
 
 
 
 
 Business and Financial Operations 
 492 
 
 
 Management 
 416 
 
 
 Computer and Mathematical 
 405 
 
 
 Architecture and Engineering 
 339 
 
 
 Sales and Related 
 303 
 
 
 Education and Training 
 66 
 
 
 Total 
 2,021 
 
 
 
 I understand the losses, at least part of them. But gains in financial operations? 
 Everything Rosy but Healthcare 
 Curiously, the following chart from the report makes everything look rosy except healthcare. 
 image:  http://4.bp.blogspot.com/-wmuWv6QhGdQ/Vp1nSLx72PI/AAAAAAAAhFU/0gEFtHdqLt8/s400/Expected%2Bchange%2Bin%2Bemployment.png 
 
 I don't accept that chart, at least for the implied reasons. Yet, after boomers die off en masse, I foresee all kinds of health-related jobs will vanish until the next retirement boom hits. 
 Trucks and Taxis 
 What about truck and taxi drivers? I expect millions of truck hauling and taxi jobs will vanish soon, in the USA alone, by 2025. 
 I searched the report for the word "truck" and found this lone reference: "  Advanced robots with enhanced senses, dexterity, and intelligence can be more practical than human labour in manufacturing, as well as in a growing number of service jobs, such as cleaning and maintenance. Moreover, it is now possible to create cars, trucks, aircraft, and boats that are completely or partly autonomous, which could revolutionize transportation, if regulations allow, as early as 2020.  " 
 That paragraph was under the category "Advanced Robotics and Autonomous Transport" given a disruptive weighting of 9%. 
 Let's dig deeper with a look at disruptive weightings. 
 Technological Drivers of Change 
 
 
 
 Driver of Change 
 Rated as Top Trend 
 Expected Timeframe 
 Condensed Notes 
 
 
 
 
 Mobile internet and cloud Technology 
 34% 
 2015-2017 
 Rapid spread of internet-based service models 
 
 
 Advances in Computing Power and Big Data 
 26% 
 2015-2017 
 Ability to handle the unprecedented flood of data 
 
 
 New Energy Supplies and Technology 
 22% 
 2015-2017 
 New technologies like fracking and new energy supplies will have profound geopolitical and environmental repercussions 
 
 
 Internet of Things 
 14% 
 2015-2017 
 Remote sensors 
 
 
 Crowdsourcing and Peer-to-Peer Platforms 
 12% 
 Impact Felt Already 
 With peer-to-peer platforms, companies and individuals can do things that previously required large-scale organizations. 
 
 
 Advanced robotics and Autonomous Transport 
 9% 
 2018-2020 
 Robots more practical than humans in manufacturing and service jobs. Autonomous vehicles could revolutionize transportation. 
 
 
 Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning 
 7% 
 2018-2020 
 Voice recognition will make automation of tasks long regarded impossible for machines 
 
 
 Advanced Manufacturing and 3D printing 
 6% 
 2015-2017 
 On demand production has far-ranging implications 
 
 
 Advance Materials, Biotechnology, Genomics 
 6% 
 2018-2020 
 Life science breakthroughs will have profound impact on medicine and agriculture. Bio-engineering critical to pharmaceuticals, plastics and polymers, biofuels. 
 
 
 
 The last column is my set of abbreviated notes, condensed from descriptions in the report. The first three columns are as presented in the report. 
 Discussion of Disruptive Factors 
 I fail to see what big advances in computing power will do. Nor do I see crowdsourcing as a big factor. 
 I suspect crowdsourcing is one of those things with huge potential that never really flies because there is no money in it for anyone. 
 Remote sensors will eliminate the need for some humans, but hasn't that been underway for quite some time? If not, we can certainly get rid of all the meter maids. 
 On the energy side, fracking is an environmental disaster, and a bust for now, perhaps for a long time. And much of the clean energy systems only work with government subsidies. Battery technology will likely improve and replace or greatly reduce the need for gasoline. If so that will be very disruptive indeed. 
 But will batteries destroy jobs or just disrupt them? 
 Gas stations could become battery switching stations. That may require people to change the batteries, but it will also eliminate gas delivery and gas production jobs. Regardless, this type of change won't be in place by 2020. 
 I struggled mightily with the report's 34% rating for "Mobile Internet". 
 It's possible for huge numbers of teaching jobs to vanish with classes over the internet. And applications like Uber will also have an impact. Yet, this category is over-rated. 
 Biggest Disruptive Force 
 My number one job destructive force is advanced robotics and autonomous transport. Uber ties into this category as well. 
 Uber is adding jobs for now. In the not so distant future, long-haul trucking jobs, Uber driving jobs, and all taxi driving jobs will vanish. 
 Millions of driving jobs of all kinds will vanish in the US alone, by 2025 though, not 2020. 
 Mike "Mish" Shedlock 
 Read more:  http://globaleconomicanalysis.blogspot.com/2016/01/fourth-industrial-revolution-robots.html 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 
 RonMamita  says: 
 
 January 29, 2016 at 5:10 pm 
 Peddling Fiction: U.S. Economy Grew A Paltry 0.69% In The Fourth Quarter, Missing Expectations! 
 Less than 4 weeks ago, on January 6, we reported of the “ Macy’s Massacre: Thousands Fired; Guidance Slashed (Again); Weather Blamed “, where in addition to the massive layoffs announced by the iconic retailer, we learned that as a result of the “historically warmer weather”, the company’s prior guidance was no longer valid. 
… 
See:  http://www.zerohedge.com/news/2016-01-29/macys-slashes-guidance-again-twice-one-month 
 
 Gerald Celente: Global Banking System in Bear Market 
 Gerald Celente goes into a rant against the traitors, fascism, and the Ponzi economy. 
Below I highlighted a few of his points but the video is entertaining as he reminds us all about the criminal activities on Wall Street and the government. 
 Central banks keep pumping the exchange markets in a vain attempt to prop up a dying Ponzi Market… 
 Capital controls in many countries, and fleeing to the U.S. Dollar 
Venezuela: 200% inflation, Brazil: 14% inflation… 
 - 911 - 
Not so fast, the markets and banks can suspend all activity in literally an hour! 
Remember how Wall Street shut down all financial transactions after the Twin Towers were destroyed in 2001? 
 Yes, bank bail-ins will come to America. 
Remember Cyprus. 
 Merger acquisitions and corporate stock buy backs were at all time highs in 2015. 
The central banks continue to prop up the Ponzi Markets. 
Meanwhile real wages are DOWN, median household income adjusted for inflation have declined to 1999 levels! 
 They will do anything they want! 
They take you to war based on lies! 
They steal our money based on too big to fail! 
Come on - Of course they will do anything they want. 
It is the merger of State and Corporate powers; Mussolini called it Fascism. 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 
 RonMamita  says: 
 
 January 29, 2016 at 6:50 pm 
 Something You Can Do: 
 Trust yourself. 
 There are options, alternatives and solutions! 
 All retirement accounts have to be held at a Trustee or Administrator 
 Title: Home Delivery IRA Gold & Silver ~ Metals Debit Card ~ Get Your Assets Out 
Video posted 26 Jan 2016 
 https://www.perpetualassets.com/ 
 Not many individuals know about the self directed IRA. 
Freeze and confiscation of assets is a real threat from banks, brokers, and government. 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 
 RonMamita  says: 
 
 January 30, 2016 at 10:10 am 
 The Asia-Pacific Perspective 
 Podcast:  Play in new window  |  Download  |  Embed 
 The Asia-Pacific Perspective, where James Corbett of corbettreport.com and Broc West of apperspective.net bring you the latest headline from the Asia-Pacific region. On this edition of The Asia-Pacific Perspective: 
China goes on a Middle East tour as the Asia-Pacific gears up for more military drills; Australia goes for cashless welfare; and the Malaysian PM receives a $681 million “gift” from his Saudi friends. 
 Title: Xi Jinping's Middle East Tour - The Asia-Pacific Perspective 
 SHOW NOTES: 
 Chinese President’s Tour of Greater Middle East 
 Challenging China as a Balance Weight of Asia-Pacific 
 China’s ICBC Launches Second Branch in Belgium 
 Chinese Environmental Problems are Taking a Serious Turn for Worse 
 China Says Soros “Hasn’t Done His Homework,” May Be “Partially Blind”  
 US Pacific Chief Talks China, Regional Partnerships 
 Exercise Cope North 2016 begins in February 
 The War on Cash: A Country by Country Guide  from  corbettreport.com 
 Australian Greens senator Rachel Siewert moves to block cashless welfare card trial 
 Gov’t reportedly considering expanding cashless welfare card to regional Australia if trials prove successful 
 As Myanmar Enters a New Era, Washington and Beijing Vie for Influence 
 Outgoing Myanmar president pushes to expand army-run ministry 
 Incoming Myanmar Leader Aung San Suu Kyi, Military Chief Discuss New Government Formation 
 Outrage and New Questions After Malaysian PM Cleared in Scandal 
 Malaysians protest against TPP 
 New Zealand Police door knock ‘known activists’ ahead of TPP protests 
 Japan requests Singapore to review restriction of food imports from Fukushima 
 Fukushima fishermen to expand operations off crippled nuclear plant 
 Virtual Reality To Be Used To Help Decommission Fukushima Plant 
 Toshiba Unveils Remote-Control Robot to Dismantle Fukushima Plant 
 Toshiba to offload chip business in wake of accounting scandal 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 
 stuartbramhall  says: 
 
 January 30, 2016 at 1:58 pm 
 It's their greed that blinds them - any street level con artist knows this. You suck people in by appealing to their greed - the belief they are getting something for nothing. 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 * [RonMamita](https://ronmamita.wordpress.com/) says:
 
 January 30, 2016 at 2:10 pm 
 I was hoping readers would connect the dots and see the trend of most if not all officials and executives of influential institutions deceive the public in front of the cameras and news reporters. 
We see it in election campaigns/politics, banking and elsewhere… 
 - I Concluded With The Voting Ritual - 
Actually the career economists and institutional investors have very few choices as they are hired and contractually obligated to play that rigged and deceptive game, thus much of their reported shock is pure acting. 
Now on the other hand, citizens voting for puppets selected and funded by the money masters have no obligatory contract excuse, and stupidity is on display as elections roll around. 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 
 RonMamita  says: 
 
 February 4, 2016 at 1:05 pm 
 Electronic currency seems almost inevitable 
 It is self delusional: 
…as if government will surrender all power and bow before the masses after laying down their military/police weapons. Government would NEVER do that! 
Many centuries document worldwide institutional governance continuing to regulate slavery. 
 I find it interesting that many professionals assume **" this is not globally coordinated, and would take brains and probably years to accomplish"**… 
 Armstrong Quote: 
"Assuming this is not globally coordinated, which would take brains and probably years to accomplish, the typical move by politicians has been to assume they are ALL POWERFUL demigods, and as such, they focus on their domestic fiefdom only. They are already hunting gold. The French had to leave town to buy or sell because the gold dealers were driven out of business with regulations that demanded they report everyone who bought or sold. They even chased out the rare coin and antique shows, as the dealers went to London and Zurich where they did not have to report on everything bought or sold. This is just an example of how they see the world through their own power. In the USA, both the city of Philadelphia and Atlantic City are destroying their own existence because they demand income taxes from anyone holding a convention or event there. We will never hold another conference in Philadelphia. They built a convention center with taxpayer money in the hundreds of millions of dollars that now remains in the dark most of the time. 
 Bling 
 Gold will be driven underground. If you have too much gold jewelry on, they will pull you over and weight it at the airport." - Martin Armstrong 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 Please Contribute a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Search 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 383 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Get the latest blogs 
 Worldwide Awareness 
 
 RSS - Posts 
 
 The Worldwide Awakening 
 Peaceful Awareness & Knowledge Based Transition September 11, 2017 
 Exercise freedom and creativity for all Earth’s inhabitants to explore ready breakthroughs in Self Organizing Communities, economics, and technology. This is a D.I.Y. project 
 State Sponsored Terror 
 The Big Day Report  March 30, 2018 
 Institutions of crime Big days have come, gone, and come again (Manipulations: Market Exchanges crash, wars, government Elections, and Taxation). Search for what is hidden and for what is not spoken. What secrets are hidden in Antarctica? Be Aware of the next big Day for fraudulent institutions. 
 Most Viewed Posts & Pages 
 
 Affidavit: Michael C. Cottrell’s Disclosure of Cabal Financial High Crimes 
 Speaking Spirits 
 NOT A Globe 
 Global Cabal's Minions 
 What was Significant About "Magic 7" in Christine Lagarde's Global Speech? 
 1. Research Free Lakota Bank 
 World Wide Transportation: Imagine a Road Trip To All Cities! 
 
 RonMamita 
 
 Peace Today 
 RonMamita's Blog 
 HOME 
 Pages 
 
 About 
 Emergencies! 
 
 FOOD and DRUGS FDA Racket 
 
 Message To Investors 
 
 
 
 
 Global War or Martial Law or Both (don't fall for it) 
 
 Re-Examining Corporate-Governments 
 
 ABOLISH The Dark Cabals 
 
 
 
 
 THE ONE PEOPLE’S PUBLIC TRUST 
 
 1215.org 
 2013 Events… 
 Being and Doing 
 LibrePlanet 
 Read www.apfn.org Documents 
 
 
 Video Room 
 
 Alternative News 
 DOCUMENTS 
 
 Lawful and Legal: not always the same… 
 
 
 NEW-SCIENCE 
 
 Great Mother! (EARTH) 
 
 
 Gameplay: ME1 
 
 
 WOAS 
 
 Institutional Reports 
 
 GLOBAL FINANCIAL KINGDOM 
 
 
 
 
 F.U.Q. 
 Short Stories 
 Consciousness Shift Archives 
 
 NOT A Globe 
 Level-Plane Lab Work 
 
 
 Earth Realm Documentation 
 
 Artifacts Reveal The True Ancient Past 
 
 
 ベイビーステップBaby Steps 
 
 Keiryo Tourney Arc 
 
 
 Baby Steps Archive 
 
 
 
 
 January 2016 S 
 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 
 
 10 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 
 
 17 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 
 
 24 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 
 
 31 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 « Dec   Feb » 
 All posts here 
 All posts here Select Month June 2019  (1) May 2019  (2) April 2019  (4) February 2019  (4) January 2019  (13) November 2018  (5) October 2018  (8) September 2018  (14) August 2018  (14) July 2018  (18) June 2018  (15) May 2018  (11) April 2018  (20) March 2018  (10) February 2018  (15) January 2018  (26) December 2017  (13) November 2017  (17) October 2017  (20) September 2017  (8) August 2017  (13) July 2017  (18) June 2017  (14) May 2017  (25) April 2017  (30) March 2017  (23) February 2017  (26) January 2017  (22) December 2016  (20) November 2016  (22) October 2016  (21) September 2016  (18) August 2016  (23) July 2016  (23) June 2016  (19) May 2016  (21) April 2016  (11) March 2016  (11) February 2016  (17) January 2016  (10) December 2015  (17) November 2015  (7) October 2015  (23) September 2015  (13) August 2015  (20) July 2015  (24) June 2015  (38) May 2015  (41) April 2015  (28) March 2015  (53) February 2015  (41) January 2015  (46) December 2014  (79) November 2014  (81) October 2014  (74) September 2014  (78) August 2014  (73) July 2014  (54) June 2014  (27) May 2014  (40) April 2014  (31) March 2014  (68) February 2014  (57) January 2014  (74) December 2013  (27) November 2013  (58) October 2013  (54) September 2013  (70) August 2013  (111) July 2013  (114) June 2013  (85) May 2013  (119) April 2013  (40) March 2013  (47) February 2013  (42) January 2013  (37) December 2012  (25) November 2012  (8) September 2012  (2) August 2012  (15) July 2012  (7) June 2012  (4) May 2012  (6) April 2012  (7) March 2012  (10) February 2012  (4) January 2012  (4) December 2011  (3) November 2011  (9) October 2011  (11) September 2011  (11) April 2009  (4) 
 Whole-Community 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 1215.org Law Notes Unalienable RIGHTS 
 4closurefraud.org 
 ALIEN SCIENTIST  AlienScientist.com contains an ever expanding database of everything related to Space Technologies and predictions on what the future could be like. Aliens, Antigravity, Inter-Stellar Space Travel, Time Travel, TOEs and GUTs, Unified Field Physics, "Free" 
 Basic Litigation Defense Training Manual 
 BLACK LISTED NEWS  You want to collect news? START HERE. 
 Chink in the Armor 
 Corbett Report  The Corbett Report provides a weekly podcast as well as interviews, articles and videos about current events and suppressed history from an independent perspective. 
 creditorsincommerce.com resources 
 Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF)  EFF fights for freedom primarily in the courts, bringing and defending lawsuits even when that means taking on the US government or large corporations. By mobilizing more than 50,000 concerned citizens through our Action Center, EFF beats back bad legisla 
 flcourts.org circuit courts 
 Florida State Courts Self-Help 
 floridaforeclosurefraud.com 
 foreclosuredestroyer.com 
 foreclosurediscovery.net 
 foreclosurehamlet.org 
 Free Software Foundation  Free software is a matter of liberty, not price. Think of "free" as in "free speech," not as in "free beer." Free software is a matter of the users' freedom to run, copy, distribute, study, change and improve the software. The Free Software Directory cat 
 Fukushima Update  Fukushima Update is edited by James Corbett of The Corbett Report. It is dedicated to providing news and information related to the nuclear crisis at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant in northeastern Japan. With neither a pro- nor anti-nuclear age 
 GATA  GOLD ANTI-TRUST ACTION COMMITTEE; organized in the fall of 1998 to expose, oppose, and litigate against collusion to control the price and supply of gold and related financial instruments. 
 Israel Today  Israel Today’s mission is to be the definitive source for a truthful and balanced perspective on Israel and to provide timely news directly from Jerusalem – the focus of world attention. 
 justia.com  Research the Laws and court cases 
 Land Destroyer Report  The Land Destroyer Report is maintained by Tony Cartalucci, an American geopolitical analyst based in Bangkok, Thailand. Land Destroyer is mirrored on WordPress here. We can be followed on Twitter here and Facebook here. Comments, questions, corrections, 
 lawnotes counterclaims 
 Linux Power Wordpress.com  Change your computer Operating System 
 livinglies.wordpress.com (Foreclosure case law) 
 LOVE & Peace  Promotes global peace & prosperity with some entertainment. Information sharing and HIGHLY INFORMATIVE 
 mattweidnerlaw.com/blog 
 Metahistory  Metahistory is a path beyond the received scripts of history and culture, toward a world free from enslavement to historical lies and unexamined beliefs. Site author John Lash 
 MISFIT Economy  Alexa Clay and Kyra Maya Phillips met one day over tea in Bloomsbury to hatch a plan to shape a new economy. Somewhere along the way a new vision for innovation was born. 
 Mortgage Servicing Fraud 
 mortgage-home-loan-bank-fraud.com manual 
 
 Tag Cloud 
 2013   abuse of authority   abuse of power   alternative   america   awareness   bank   banking   banking cartel   banking fraud   breach of trust   central bank   change   china   consciousness shift   conspiracy   control   creative   crime   crisis   cure   currency   current affairs   current event   debt   debt-bondage   deception   dissent   dollar   earth   economy   energy   everything is rigged   federal reserve   financial crisis   financial fraud   fraud   free   freedom   full disclosure   G20   geopolitics   government   government lies   healing   imf   institutional crime   international monetary system   internet   investigate   justice   liberty   lost trust   love   mass awakening   military   money   money cartel   money masters   nature   news   non-compliance   oneness   peace   people   policy   politics   public   reality   remedy   research   rigged system   russia   save the People of Earth   science   secrecy   self-govern   sovereign   sword of truth   system   system of control   tax   trade   trust   truth   united states   untrustworthy   wall street   war   wholeness 
 Audio coming soon! 
 Administrators 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 (C) 2021  Ronmamita's Blog 
 ↑ 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
