  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Legal Writing Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance Legal writer ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/en/hire/legal-writing) 
 4 months ago 
 Require contract for exclusive distributorship of local manufacture... 
 Published: 4 months ago  Deadline: 4 Bids: 3 
 I need an agreement with a local factory and the existing sales agent for the purpose of preventing them from circumventing me in the acquisition of prospective customers 
 Category  : Legal 
 Time required  : From 5 to 20 hours 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  T. M. J. Malaysia 
 USD 100 - 250 
 8 months ago 
 Amazon Seller Account Health Support 
 Published: 8 months ago  Bids: 4 
 My company does Amazon Automation Services for our clients. I am looking for a virtual assistant that I can build a long-term relationship with. This virtual assistant's task will be to provide us with on-going support of Amazon seller account suspension prevention and reinstatement. 
 This is a significant aspect of our business that ensures our clients satisfaction with our services. 
 The Virtual Assistant will be responsible for the following: 
- Account Reinstatement 
- Negative Feedback Removal 
- IP Complaint Removal 
- Counterfeit Product Complaint Removal 
- Ungating Categories and Products 
- Suspension Prevention 
- Including other aspects of being a 3rd party Seller that is in regards to responding and maintaining compliance with Amazon while solely operating with the dropshipping model. 
 We are willing to pay very well for the RIGHT person to do this job. We will not be providing training to the virtual assistant that we hire, therefore we are currently looking for an expert in this field. Contact us if you are able to meet these requirements. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : E-commerce 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Small change or bug 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : Not applicable 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Roles needed  : Project manager, Other 
 Other roles needed  : My company does Amazon Automation Services for our clients. I am looking for a virtual assistant that I can build a long-term relationship with. This virtual assistant's task will be to provide us with on-going support of Amazon seller account suspension prevention and reinstatement. This is a significant aspect of our business that ensures our clients satisfaction with our services. The Virtual Assistant will be responsible for the following: - Account Reinstatement - Negative Feedback Removal - IP Complaint Removal - Counterfeit Product Complaint Removal - Ungating Categories and Products - Suspension Prevention - Including other aspects of being a 3rd party Seller that is in regards to responding and maintaining compliance with Amazon while solely operating with the dropshipping model. We are willing to pay very well for the RIGHT person to do this job. We will not be providing training to the virtual assistant that we hire, therefore we are currently looking for an expert in this field. Contact us if you are able to meet these requirements. 
 Published by:  A. C. I. Last reply: 8 months ago  United States 
 USD 500 - 1,000 
 11 months ago 
 I need content writer 
 Published: 11 months ago  Bids: 1 
 I need professional content writer for my website  Buyworkers.com.  I need like 11 pages write up that will rank in google first page. SEO skill is required 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Writing for websites 
 How many words?  : Between 1,000 and 5,000 words 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  G. United Kingdom 
 USD 250 - 500 
 Last year 
 Legal doc - acquisition agreement 
 Published: Last year  Bids: 2 
 Hello all need to make an acquisition agreement , template will be provided. Please ask further detail by email and happy to  respond 
 Category  : Legal 
 Time required  : Less than 5 hours 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  S. S. Singapore 
 Less than USD 50 
 Last year 
 Business Partnership Agreement 
 Published: Last year  Bids: 4 
 Draft a legal agreement for a business partnership. Business operating in singapore. 
 Category  : Legal 
 Time required  : Less than 5 hours 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  S. R. Singapore 
 Open 
 Last year 
 Looking for research and ghost write a book on are President Donald... 
 Published: Last year  Deadline: 14 Bids: 14 
 Looking for research and ghost write a book on are President Donald Trump I will fill you in more specifics send me your offers 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Writing for websites 
 How many words?  : More than 5,000 words 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  G. Last reply: Last year  United States Payment method:  __Verified 
 Less than USD 50 
 Last year 
 Demand Letter 
 Published: Last year  Bids: 4 
 Breach of contract from a private university when they discriminated against me for having a beard. They kicked me out of a program when I refused to shave but gave the opportunity to others. The school policies, rules and regulations guarantees that no student should be discriminated based on sex, religion, race and physical appearance among others. 
 Category  : Legal 
 Time required  : From 5 to 20 hours 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  F. R. United States 
 USD 50 - 100 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
