Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 CDS Full Time Event Manager CAN - Product Demonstration 
 CDS (Club Demonstration Services) 
 __Okotoks, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Summary 
 CDS Full Time Event Manager CAN - Product Demonstration 
 Club Demonstration Services (CDS) is in need of an Event Manager responsible for the recruitment, hiring and supervision of in store Product Demonstrators. You will oversee product preparation and presentation, training and provide superb service to all Club members. This position requires strong communication between warehouse managers, vendors and in store Product Demonstrators including participation in new location grand openings. 
 CDS is the preferred in-house event marketing provider to Costco. We offer the best person-to-person marketing services in the industry, driving sales for our customers and Costco. APPLY TODAY! 
 What We Offer: 
Set schedule of Tuesday-Saturday from 8:30AM – 5:30PM (may vary based on needs) 
Work-life balance! 
Medical, Dental, Vision 
Short and Long-Term Disability 
RRSP with company match 
Generous paid time off 
 Responsibilities: 
Recruit, train and hire part-time staff. 
Oversee product preparation and presentation, including food safety and sanitation. 
Train Product Demonstrators in demonstration preparation and excellent customer services. 
Communicate between multiple manager, vendors and demonstrators. 
Participate in new location grand openings as required. 
 Requirements: 
High school education or equivalent. 
Two to four years of related experience in retail, hospitality, or food environments. 
Detail oriented with excellent leadership and communication skills. 
Proven ability to lead well performing teams. 
Ability to exercise independent judgement. 
Able to coach and counsel employees, take correct measures as needs. 
Flexibility and ability to work in a fast paced environment 
The Company welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. The Company will provide reasonable accommodations, accessible formats and communication supports upon request to persons with disabilities who take part in all aspects of the recruitment and selection process. If you require accommodation in connection with the application process, please contact: Recruiter, Talent Acquisition, for external applicants, or, a Supervisor for internal applicants. 
 Responsibilities 
 The Company is one of North America’s leading sales and marketing agencies specializing in outsourced sales, merchandising, category management and marketing services to manufacturers, suppliers and producers of food products and consumer packaged goods. The Company services a variety of trade channels including grocery, mass merchandise, specialty, convenience, drug, dollar, club, hardware, consumer electronics and home centers. We bridge the gap between manufacturers and retailers, providing consumers access to the best products available in the marketplace today. 
 Position Summary 
 As the in-house product sampling company for Costco Wholesale, CDS has friendly, professional and talented employees who provide high quality product demonstrations and marketing services to Costco Wholesale and its vendors. 
 The Event Manager will lead, oversee and execute performance for all warehouse demonstration activities of the organization in line with overall strategy goals. S/he will enforce processes that contribute toward the efficient operation and alignment of CDS Operations while remaining supportive of product innovation and the growth the business. The Event Manager will support the District Manager to ensure CDS remains at the forefront of the global event marketing industry and will assist in leveraging organizational resources and the customer to achieve strategic and financial objectives for CDS. 
 Job Duty 
Direct all activities engaged in successful events, promotion and sales of vendor products 
Communicate strategies and tactics to achieve sales, service and operational excellence 
Support the maintenance and ongoing development of corporate governance framework, policies and procedures 
Collaborate with the District Manager to evaluate various event performance metrics, including execution rates, sales performance, labor hours and operational costs and make adjustments as necessary 
Achieve defined revenue and net income objectives through sales activation, strategy and expense management 
Optimize customer satisfaction/loyalty through improved operations 
Supervisory Responsibilities 
 Direct Reports 
 
 Hires, retains, trains, coaches, guides, directs, and develops direct reports using company-wide processes, tools and resources 
 
 Indirect Reports 
 
 This position does not have guidance or mentoring responsibilities for indirect reports 
 
 Travel and/or Driving Requirements 
 
 Travel and driving is not an essential duty and function of this job. 
 
 Minimum Qualifications 
 The following are the minimum job-related qualifications which an individual needs in order to successfully perform the essential duties and responsibilities of the job 
 Education Level:  (Required): A High School Diploma or equivalent. 
 Field of Study/Area of Experience: 
2-4 Years of related experience performing similar duties in a retail, hospitality or food environment with a part time work force. 
 Skills, Knowledge and Abilities 
Ability to Work Independently & Prioritize with minimal supervision, in order to Meet Deadlines 
Supervising Skills, to include Delegating Responsibility, Training, & Evaluating Performance 
Excellent Written & Verbal Communication Skills 
Flexible & Adaptable, able to change & Alter According to changes in Projects or Business Environment 
Track Record of Building & Maintaining Customer/Client Relationships 
Ability to Direct, Lead, & Develop People 
Basic Computer Skills, including Microsoft Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Access, Outlook, & web browsers 
Professional Food Safety Certification required 
Well Organized, Detail Oriented, & able to Handle Fast Paced Work Environment 
Ability to Exercise Sound Judgement 
Ability to Ensure High Levels of Service & Quality are Maintained 
Conflict Management Skills 
Must be able to work flexible hours and schedule, including weekends 
Environmental & Physical Requirements 
 Field / Administrative Requirements 
 Incumbent must be able to perform the essential functions of the job. Work may be performed in an office, field, retail store, or warehouse environment. Typically requires the ability to spend 66%+ hours each work day doing the following activities: engage in considerable physical activity, ability to lift and/or push up to 10 kg, stand on feet for long periods of time, use products or cook food as appropriate for the demonstration, and may be required to work in extremely cold conditions (i.e. refrigerated and freezer sections). The use of proper safety practices when handling the products and/or cooking is essential. 
 Additional Information Regarding The Company Job Duties and Job Descriptions 
 Job duties include additional responsibilities as assigned by one’s supervisor or other manager related to the position/department. This job description is meant to describe the general nature and level of work being performed; it is not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required for the position. The Company reserves the right at any time with or without notice to alter or change job responsibilities, reassign or transfer job position or assign additional job responsibilities, subject to applicable law. The Company shall provide reasonable accommodations of known disabilities to enable a qualified applicant or employee to apply for employment, perform the essential functions of the job, or enjoy the benefits and privileges of employment as required by the law. 
 Any estimate, schedule, or guideline provided to associates in this job description or elsewhere in connection with their jobs is only intended to help describe job duties and for planning purposes. Regardless of any such estimate, schedule, or guideline, associates must always record all time worked for our company (which includes but is not limited to on-site work time in an assigned store, office, or other work location; required waiting time; administrative time; and work-related travel time). 
 Important Information 
 The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this position. They are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required of associates so classified. 
 The Company is committed to providing equal opportunity in all employment practices without regard to age, race, color, national origin, sex, sexual orientation, religion, physical or mental disability, or any other category protected by law. As part of this commitment, the Company shall provide reasonable accommodations of known disabilities to enable an applicant or employee to apply for employment, perform the essential functions of the job, or enjoy the benefits and privileges of employment as required by the law. 
 The Company welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. The Company will provide reasonable accommodations, accessible formats and communication supports upon request to persons with disabilities who take part in all aspects of the recruitment and selection process. If you require accommodation in connection with the application process, please contact: Recruiter, Talent Acquisition, for external applicants, or, a Supervisor for internal applicants. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
