  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Derby, England 
 Rate:  £20 - £30 per hour + £150 Sign-Up Bonus, FREE DBS, Training 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Are you looking for a new challenge? Do you have a passion for helping others? Are you looking for a role where you can make a real difference? 
 Service Care Solutions are recruiting for an experienced RMN/RNLD for work within various Inpatient settings throughout the Nottinghamshire and Derbyshire areas. 
 Hours: Days & Nights are available | Full-time/Part-time 
 Contract: Temporary (12 weeks - on going) 
 Rates: Days - £20.00 LTD | Nights/Sat - £25.00 LTD | Sun/BH - £30.00 LTD 
 Location: Derby 
 Job Purpose - Registered Mental Health Nurse (Mental Health/Learning Disabilities) 
 The post holder will care for a diverse patient group and their families and responsibilities will include: 
, To provide realistic and timely support to patients within an inpatient setting 
, To provide supervision to junior staff members, peers and other professionals 
, To plan and promote effective treatment plans in collaboration with the patient's diverse needs, their carers and other professionals 
, Responsible for the safe monitoring and administration of medication as required by Trust policy 
, To maintain safeguarding responsibilities for children and vulnerable adults in line with Trust policy 
, To maintain competency and deliver best quality patient care 
, To undertake any other duties that would be a reasonable expectation of the role 
 Essential 
 Nursing Qualification 
NMC Registration 
 Desirable 
 Ability to use and provide clinical supervision 
 To be considered for this post, you must be willing to complete the full NHS registration process. 
 The benefits of Service Care Solutions: 
- Four weekly payroll runs 
- £250 training allowance 
- Excellent pay rates 
- Exceptional referral bonuses 
- Specialists mental health consultants offering single point of contact 
- Frequent notifications for upcoming opportunities via text and email 
- Ltd & PAYE payment options available 
- Nationwide provider of mental health staff to over 40 different NHS trusts offering mental health services and over 200 local authorities. 
 - DBS disclosures provided via fast track online services free of charge. 
 Did you know there are 3 EASY ways to increase your earnings, just by registering with Service Care Solutions? 
 , £150 Job Referral Bonus - If you're unhappy with your current agency or simply fancy a change, Service Care Solutions will give you £150 for bringing your current contract to us. 
 , £250 Referral Bonus - Simply refer your friend. 
 If they get the role, we'll give you £250. 
 That's £1000 if you refer 4 friends - easy money whilst helping out your friends and family! 
 , £150 Welcome Bonus - We are offering a Welcome Bonus of £150, paid after completion of two weeks in your new placement. 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  3 Months + 
 
 
 Rate:  £20 - £30 per hour + £150 Sign-Up Bonus, FREE DBS, Training 
 
 
 Location:  Derby, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Medical 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208963 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-31 16:06:56 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Adults Social Worker, Modern Slavery and Forced Marriage 
 Adults Social Worker, Safeguarding, Tower Hamlets 
 Estates Surveyor 
 Care Assistant 
 Maintenance Surveyor 
 Social Worker, Discharge to Assess, Lewisham 
 Building Surveyor 
 Social Worker, SGO and Connected Carers, Southwark 
 Gas Engineer Domestic 
 Social Worker, Safeguarding and Family Support, Southwark 
 Adults Social Worker, Physical Disabilities, Ealing 
 Senior Social Worker, Court Team, Home working 
 Qualified Visual Impairment Officer, Kensington and Chelsea 
 Senior CP / CIN Social Worker, Lewisham 
 Team Manager, Early Help, Working from home 
 Child Protection Advisor 
 Administrator 
 Family Support Worker 
 Senior Practitioner - Safeguarding and Support 
 Adult Social Care Debt Management Project Lead 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
