Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Cashier/ Crew Member (Newmarket) 
 AW 
 __Newmarket, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Be part of a mature, fun leadership team and excel your career with A&W! 
 A&W takes pride in offering our employees a job like no other, and a work environment they can't find anywhere else. Our working environment is based on respect and listening. Everyone's efforts and results are recognized and celebrated. We are looking for a fun and experienced leader who loves A&W as much as they love leading a fun and diverse team from their local community! 
 As a Crew Member/ Kitchen Helper you will: 
 
 Serves customer of fast food restaurant: Requests customer order and depresses keys of POS machine to simultaneously record order and compute bill. 
 Selects requested food items from serving or storage areas and assembles items on serving tray or in takeout bag. 
 Notifies kitchen personnel of shortages or special orders. 
 Serves cold drinks, using a drink-dispensing machine, or frozen milk drinks or desserts, using milkshake or frozen custard machine. 
 Makes and serves hot beverages, using automatic water heater or coffeemaker. 
 Presses lids onto beverages and places beverages on serving tray or in a takeout container. 
 Receives payment. 
 May cook or apportion fries or perform other minor duties to prepare food and serve customers 
 Maintain orderly and clean eating and dining areas, as well as other facilities utilized by guests. 
 Maintain sanitation, health, and safety standards in work areas. 
 Clean food preparation areas, cooking surfaces, and utensils. 
 Operate large-volume cooking equipment such as grills, or deep-fat fryers 
 Verify that prepared food meets requirements for quality and quantity. 
 Take food and drink orders and receive payment from customers. 
 Read food order slips or receive verbal instructions as to food required by the patron and prepare and cook food according to instructions. 
 
 Job Types: Full-time, Part-time 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
