
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Puzzl (S19) 
 Payroll infrastructure to help companies build their own payroll. 
 Head of Product Implementation 
 
 Location 
 San Francisco, CA / Remote 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 3+ years 
 About Puzzl 
 Description 
 Puzzl is a fintech startup focused on building payroll infrastructure. We help companies to build their own embedded payroll products. 
 About the role 
 Skills:  Git, JavaScript, MongoDB, Amazon Web Services (AWS) 
 Description 
 Puzzl: Payroll infrastructure to help companies build their own payroll. 
 Join our team as our Head of Product Implementation where you will collaborate and build with our largest Customers and Partners. This role would be a great fit for candidates who have previously worked as PMs, Partnerships Leads, and Implementation Specialists in the past. 
 Our team works out of an office in-person in SF, but you may work remotely until end of COVID.  Note: We do not provide sponsorship for employment visas. 
 What We Do 
 Puzzl helps companies-- everyone from gig companies + franchises to POS companies and neobanks-- to build their own embedded payroll products. Some companies want to offer embedded payroll to make an extra stream of revenue and offer their customers end-to-end platform functionality, while others simply want to build payroll to improve payment operations for their internal company. 
 Puzzl has built a Payroll API that automates every aspect of payroll processing from onboarding to disbursement to reporting & filing. Our White-Label Front-End Components allow any company to customize our pre-built front-end products and launch a payroll company in days. You can think of Puzzl as a “Stripe for Payroll”! 
 Payroll is the infrastructure of American society, controlling everything from school and library budgets to child support, to retirement/health savings. Puzzl is the payment and compliance infrastructure layer that helps companies navigate the ever-changing policy changes in 13,000+ tax jurisdictions. 
 Cool Things We Do 
 
 We are the only payroll company that offers  daily payroll ! Most quick-pay versions of payroll are modern versions of payday loans with hefty fees but at Puzzl we can do real payroll calculations and disbursement the same-day so workers can get paid in <24 hours. 
 We help gig companies pay workers compliantly as W2 employees. Before, gig-companies were only able to classify workers as 1099 contractors because they had no way to pay workers quickly and efficiently. Our product serves as a “Stripe for Payroll” for gig startups so they can pay workers quickly and keep payment data in-app. 
 
 Head of Product Implementation Role 
 You will play a critical role in: 
 
 Customer Success:  Our customers are our #1 priority, and they rely on us for their payment infrastructure. You'll be gathering feedback from customers, iterating our product, and launching new features daily! 
 Product Usability:  We believe in making something people love. You'll work with our engineers to build features that delight users. 
 
 Your day-to-day at Puzzl will consist of: 
 
 Helping Customers build payroll products using Puzzl's payroll infrastructure by creating product roadmaps, suggesting features, and reviewing their designs/beta product 
 Keeping Customers on track with their product timelines and payroll product growth goals 
 Working with our Product Engineers to implement feature requests 
 
 You should join Puzzl if 
 
 You want to work on a complex, far-reaching problem 
 You've previously worked in or literacy in the fintech/HR space. 
 You're technical, or have extreme literacy in explaining technical products/components to others 
 You're a high-energy individual who enjoys collaborating with Customers 
 You have a great eye for design 
 You enjoy wearing multiple hats and enjoy cross-team collaboration 
 You want to be on the forefront of shaping the world's payment infrastructure and care about the problems we're trying to solve. 
 You think you can beat us in a game of Catan. 
 
 Join us!  You could be the missing piece in our Puzzl. 
 Technology 
 Tech Stack: React, Redux, NodeJS, MongoDB, and AWS. 
 Other jobs at Puzzl 
 Product Engineer (Full-Stack Role) 
 fulltime 
 San Francisco / Remote 
 Full Stack 
 $0 - $0 
 0.00% - 0.00% 
 Any (new grads ok) 
 Head of Product Implementation 
 fulltime 
 San Francisco, CA / Remote 
 3+ years 
 Growth 
 fulltime 
 San Francisco, CA / Remote 
 1+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
