
 WordDreams… 
 Jacqui Murray's 
 Search 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Classes 
 Writer's Tips 
 
 How to Write 
 Tech Tips for Writers 
 Resources 
 
 South Orange County Critique 
 Share 
 
 
 
 
 Reviews 
 
 Book Reviews 
 Product Reviews 
 Humor 
 
 
 Published 
 
 Against All Odds 
 The Quest for Home 
 Survival of the Fittest 
 Born in a Treacherous Time 
 Building a Midshipman 
 To Hunt a Sub 
 Twenty-four Days 
 Coming Soon… 
 
 
 Posters 
 All Posts 
 About Me 
 
 Press Kit 
 My Columns 
 Published Works 
 Contact Me 
 
 
 
 characters  /  descriptors  /  writers  /  writers resources 
 Does Your Character Have a Cool Job? 
 Posted on  March 10, 2010  by  Jacqui Murray   2 Comments 
 Stories must be unusual. Details must be unique enough to draw the reader in, make her/him be curious about the subject. If all of your characters have jobs like administrative assistants, or scientists, teachers, your reader will think they know about those topics and skip through them. Maybe skip too much and decide your book has nothing new to offer. 
 It's important that everywhere possible, as much as possible, you create uniqueness-in the settings, reactions, characterizations… 
 And jobs. I found this list of Cool Jobs and realized in my writing, I've never used any of these occupations. How about you? 
 10 Cool Jobs and What They Pay 
 By Dona DeZube, Monster Finance Careers Expert 
 What 's the coolest job ever? One that allows you to express your personality while doing something you love and getting paid for it (otherwise, it's a hobby). 
 That 's the conclusion reached by David Rosen author of What's That Job and How the Hell Do I Get It?: The Inside Scoop on More Than 50 Cool Jobs from People Who Actually Have Them. 
 Rosen believes "coolness" is subjective. Everyone interviewed in his book thought they had a cool job, but that doesn't mean they wanted any of the other 49 jobs he wrote about. "The mediators were fascinated by solving disputes and helping people get along. Designing jewelry would seem trite to them," Rosen says. "Physical therapists love that their jobs end and there's no homework, but some of the coolest jobs are jobs you're never really not doing." 
 Still, some jobs just seem inherently cool -- the kind of jobs you dream about on days when you want to knock down your cubicle walls and run screaming from the office. With that in mind, here's a list of 10 really cool jobs, links for finding them on Monster and, just to keep the reality meter running, a glimpse at what they pay. 
 1. Cowboy 
 If you dream of living the rural life as a cowboy, consider a position as a ranch or farm manager. You can expect to earn between $25,000 and $35,000, says Brady Lynch, an agricultural search consultant for MRINetwork Management Recruiters of Sioux Falls LLP. "A lot of times [benefits] will include other things like housing, a vehicle and even beef or chickens," he adds. Find ranch hand work and farm manager jobs. 
 2. Actor or Singer 
 Most actors have second jobs, and they often end up as waitresses, teachers and administrative assistants. About 50,000 Americans work as actors, earning a median income of $11.61 an hour, according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS). Singers and musicians do better, earning an average of $19.73, but in both fields, the work is so erratic that the BLS can 't calculate reliable annual earnings data. Find a job in media, arts and entertainment. 
 3. Brewmaster 
 It 's every college guy's dream and a reality for about 4,000 members of the Institute of Brewing & Distilling. Study to become a brewer at The Siebel Institute or the University of California at Davis. The typical brewmaster salary ranges from $25,000 at a local brew pub to more than $100,000 at a larger national brewery, says a source at a national brewers trade association. Find brewery jobs. 
 4. Professional Golfer 
 You need nerves of steel and a love of travel to survive as a professional golfer. Average yearly winnings in the Ladies Professional Golf Association were $237,598 in 2007. With 190 ladies on the money list, top-ranked Lorena Ochoa earned more than $4 million, while 190th ranked Cindy Pasechnik earned just $2,156. If you want to stay in one place, work as a golf pro and earn a median salary of $57,141, according to the Salary Wizard. Find a job as a golf pro. 
 5. Cruise Director 
 Cruise directors are the multitaskers of the seas. At American Cruise Lines (ACL), the cruise director organizes and goes on shore excursions, manages guest speakers, schedules entertainment, does concierge duty and then circulates in the dining room to pitch the next day 's events, says Joe Pascarella, ACL assistant manager for operations. Hospitality recruiter Renard International in Toronto says the average salary for a cruise director is $45,000 to $50,000. If you have bank teller or retail experience, consider signing on as a casino cashier or for a job in an on-board retail shop. Find cruise-related jobs. 
 6. Personal Trainer 
 The vast majority of the 235,000 personal trainers and exercise instructors aren 't selling their DVDs at Wal-Mart; they're working in health clubs, where they earn an average of $31,170, according to the BLS. Find personal trainer jobs. 
 7. Academy Awards Ballot Counter 
 For the past 72 years, PricewaterhouseCoopers ' Entertainment and Media practice has been counting the ballots cast for the Academy of Motion Picture Arts and Sciences' annual Academy Awards. The two partners who run the 10-day ballot-counting team get to sit backstage and pass out the envelopes with the winners' names inside. Inside Public Accounting says the average compensation for an accounting partner was $461,272 in 2007. Since your odds of becoming one of the two partners handling the task are as remote as your odds of winning an Academy Award, consider an alternative: working as an accountant in the entertainment industry. Find accounting jobs in the entertainment field. 
 8. Broadcast Sports Reporter 
 What 's not to like about a job where you watch sports, talk sports and interview athletes? The paycheck may not be as large as you'd imagine. The median salary for the approximately 9,300 US broadcast journalists is $50,730 while the 40,000 or so people working as print reporters earn a median salary of $38,620. Find reporting jobs. 
 9. Firefighter 
 There 's a lot of work out there in firefighting but the competition is fierce, so you'll need mechanical aptitude, physical fitness, and a bit of firefighting or emergency responder education to win a paid position. The good news is that if you can land this job, opportunity will abound. The BLS projects the industry will grow 12 percent between 2006 and 2016, to 404,000 jobs. The median salary for firefighters is $41,190. Make chief, and you could more than double that salary. Find firefighting jobs. 
 10. Flight Attendant 
 Free flights are the best perk offered to flight attendants. Attendants ' salaries start at around $16,000 a year, according to the Association of Flight Attendants. But salary goes up as you stay on the job, and the median salary for the 97,000 US flight attendants is $53,780, according to the BLS. Some airlines have minimum and maximum height requirements, and you can't be too large to walk down the aisle facing forward. Speaking a second language will make you more appealing to international airlines. Find flight attendant jobs. 
 For more descriptors for characters and settings , click here. 
 
 33.570112 -117.697436 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) 
 Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 
 Click to print (Opens in new window) 
 More 
 
 
 
 Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Click to share on Parler (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Bookmark the  permalink . 
 Post navigation 
 Previous post <- 30 Essential Books for Every Writer 
 Next post Writer's Tip #3: Watch Out For Bouncing Eyes -> 
 2 thoughts on "Does Your Character Have a Cool Job?" 
 
 
 Pingback:  70 Collections to Infuse Your Writing | WordDreams... 
 
 
 Pingback:  Find Out Why Your Awesome Protagonist Is Boring Readers to Death 
 
 
 What do you think? Leave a comment and I'll reply.  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 About Me 
 Jacqui Murray is the author of the popular Building a Midshipman, the story of her daughter’s journey from high school to United States Naval Academy, the Man vs. Nature saga, and the Rowe-Delamagente thrillers. She is also the author/editor of over a hundred books on integrating tech into education, adjunct professor of technology in education, blog webmaster, an Amazon Vine Voice, a columnist for NEA Today, and a freelance journalist on tech ed topics. Look for her next prehistoric fiction, Laws of Nature, Summer 2021. 
 Contact Info 
 Worddreams.wordpress.com 
@worddreams 
StructuredLearning.net 
 Askatechteacher@gmail.com 
 Lunch: 11am - 11:05am 
Dinner: 5pm - 5:02pm 
 
 View Jacqui.Murray1's profile on Facebook 
 View @worddreams's profile on Twitter 
 View JacquiMurrayWriter's profile on Instagram 
 View AskaTechTeacher's profile on Pinterest 
 [View Jacqui Murray's profile on LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/Jacqui Murray/) 
 View Jacqui's profile on WordPress.org 
 
 Search 
 Categories 
 Categories Select Category Against All Odds  (18) authors  (52) awards  (15) blogs  (134) Book contests  (16) book reviews  (395) Born in a Treacherous Time  (43) Building a Midshipman  (3) business  (101) characters  (120) Crossroads  (34) culture  (27) Dawn of Humanity  (6) descriptors  (120) dialogue  (12) digital books  (19) editing  (67) education  (33) geeks  (13) Genre tips  (107) Guest blogs and bloggers  (42) headaches  (3) homeschool  (6) humor  (51) I love the USA  (42) In the Shadow of Giants  (2) interview  (4) Laws of Nature  (4) Man vs Nature  (37) marketing  (79) news  (63) Online Classes  (6) personal  (15) plot  (22) politics  (33) Polls  (3) pov  (4) publishing  (28) Quest for Home  (8) quotes  (8) research  (51) Rowe Delamagente  (1) Rowe-Delamagente  (4) Savage Land  (1) Setting  (37) social media  (44) Structured Learning  (2) Survival of the Fittest  (13) Teacher-authors  (12) tech tips for writers  (205) To Hunt a Sub  (26) Todays Author  (7) Twenty-four Days  (24) Uncategorized  (23) words  (50) writers  (174) writers resources  (326) writers tips  (361) writing  (564) 
 Follow me! 
 Enter your email address to receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 24,587 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 Subscribe in a reader 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Chatting with Liesbet About Her #1 Debut Novel 
 Don't Miss the Last of Chrys Fey's Disaster Crimes series 
 Hello to Janet Glaser! 
 Hooray for Anthologies 
 Writing as a Collaborative Experience 
 
 Top Posts 
 
 65 Ways to Describe Sight and Eyes in Your Writing 
 160+ Ways to Describe Weather 
 Chatting with Liesbet About Her #1 Debut Novel 
 How to Show (Not Tell) Emotion--E to O 
 51 Great Similes to Spark Imagination 
 57 Ways to Describe Talking in a Novel 
 36 Ways to Describe Buildings--Neighborhoods 
 29 Ways to Describe a Headache 
 How to Describe Your Character's Home II 
 72 Ways to Describe Sound 
 
 Fiction by Jacqui Murray 
 
 My Tech Ed resources 
 
 My Tech Ed Publisher 
 
 Laws of Nature  June 4, 2021 
 4 months to go. 
 In the Shadows of Giants  December 16, 2021 
 10 months to go. 
 Crossroads 2 trilogy  October 8, 2022 
 20 months to go. 
 Book 3 in Rowe-Delamagente series  September 23, 2023 
 2.7 years to go. 
 Email Newsletters 
 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Popular Posts 
 
 10 Lessons from Blogs 
 10 Steps to Better Writing 
 10 Tips to Rescue Your Story 
 12 Lessons from Twitter 
 15 Biggest Blunders 
 16 Tiops from Twitter 
 17 Worst Writerly Fears 
 3 Reasons I Love Research 
 Agents, Listen up 
 Blog Maintenance 
 Can I Write? 
 How Many POVs is Too Many 
 How to be Funny 
 How to Decide What to Write 
 How to do Social Media 
 I am a Writer 
 Is Your Dialogue More Sigh than Sizzle 
 Stupid Mistakes 
 Why I don't get Writers Block 
 Why is Honesty Difficult 
 Why Readers Stop Reading 
 Writers Web Presence 
 Writing and Puppies 
 You Might be a Writer if… 
 
 How to Write 
 
 10 Tips for Better Writing 
 15 BIG Writing Blunders 
 5 Common Grammar Errors 
 Analogies 
 Blogs Help Writing Skills 
 Characterization 
 Common Spelling/Grammar Mistakes 
 Common Writing Mistakes 
 dialogue 
 Dialogue vs. Narrative: A Primer 
 How Many POVs? 
 How to be Funny if You're Not 
 How to Write a Book 
 Overcome Writer's Block 
 Plotting 
 Plotting II 
 Problem with Voice 
 Prologue or Ch 1 
 Twitter and Good Writing 
 Write Your Novel Part II 
 Write Your Novel Part III 
 Writing Your Novel Part I 
 
 Selling Your Books 
 
 17 Tips to Market Your Book 
 5 Steps to Market Your Book 
 Digital Books 
 Double Your Writing Business 
 Ebook Circus 
 How to Reach Readers 
 IPad Publishing 
 Kindle Your Blog 
 Scribd 
 SEO Secrets 
 
 Recent Posts on my Teacher-Author blog: Ask a Tech Teacher 
 Tech Tip #161: Ten Most Important Keyboard Keys 
 
 Great Websites for Special Needs 
 
 What are the popular file extensions kids should learn about? 
 
 NetGalley Top Reviewer 
 
 
 
This work is licensed under a  Creative Commons Attribution-Noncommercial-Share Alike 3.0 United States License . 
 Blog Stats 
 
 3,118,171 hits 
 
 Legal stuff 
 When you leave a comment, WordPress stores your gravatar name, IP Address, comment, and email address. Therefore, leaving a comment is considered a clear affirmative, specific, and unambiguous action as defined by the GDPR giving me consent to store this information, and permission to contact you in the future by email. 
 Your personal information will not be sold or shared with any third parties under any circumstances. Your information shall be retained until you unsubscribe or ask me to remove your data. If you feel your data has been misused, you have a right to complain to the  Hellenic Data Protection Authority  (HDPA). If you do not consent to the above, please don’t leave a comment. 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
