Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Pharmacy Patient Engagement Representative 
 Rexall Pharmacy Group Ltd 
 __Mississauga, ON 
 Apply Now 
 What Is the Prescription For A Great Career? 
 At Rexall, we are community difference makers. Our hearts skip a beat when we meet talent who sees the bigger picture and wants to make an impact in our communities, our teams, and our business. This means finding even better ways to work, share ideas, and making a material difference in the Rexall journey. 
 We are leaders in health and wellness and a talent destination for over 7000+ Rexall team members. We are proud to be part of the McKesson family, ranked fifth in the fortune 500. Together, we are defining better health through innovation, service, and living the “ICARE” values. Talk about a dream team! 
 The road ahead is one of adventure and heart. Are you our next all star? 
 The Role:  Pharmacy Patient Engagement Representative 
 Reporting to Manager, Pharmacy Client Engagement, the Pharmacy Client Engagement Representative will be responsible for contacting and engaging Rexall pharmacy clients, client’s caregivers, Rexall stores and operations team members to enroll, activate and follow-up on corporate client engagement pharmacy programs. As part of the role, the Pharmacy Client Engagement Representative will also provide support to Rexall stores on client engagement programs. 
 Primary Responsibilities: 
 
 Effectively execute corporate client engagement programs centrally to eligible Rexall clients/caregivers in professional & courteous manner. 
 Deliver on program targets as it relates to client engagement and enrollment targets. 
 Professionally represent Rexall using excellent interpersonal and communication skills when interacting with clients and caregivers. 
 Navigate and perform activities on the pharmacy system or other program tools to ensure effective and efficient execution of the client engagement program. 
 Update and maintain appropriate files in a timely manner to ensure accuracy of the program. 
 Log all client and caregiver interactions and accurately create and maintain action notes in a interaction tracking database. 
 Adhere to regulations of a health information custodian with respect to personal health information in connection with Rexall clients. 
 Achieve and maintain to a performance standard, including but not limited to; average handle times, call quality, customer satisfaction in accordance with departmental direction and Standard Operating Procedures (SOP) 
 Adhere to shift schedules and maintain acceptable attendance 
 Perform other duties as assigned to support Rexall Pharmacy Group Ltd. 
 
 Required Skills: 
 
 1-2 years previous Nexxsys or related system experience is required 
 Pharmacy Assistant/Technician experience is required 
 Demonstrated customer service skills 
 Excellent communication skills both written and verbal 
 Intermediate computer skills: Word, Excel, Outlook 
 Strong attention to detail and excellent organizational skills 
 Ability to work in a fast paced environment and time critical environment 
 Ability to work independently and within a team environment 
 Discretion in handling confidential matters 
 Ability to employ professionalism, patience and self-control in handling upset customers 
 Demonstrated reliability in previous work experience 
 
 The Rexall DNA: 
 
 Ready to make an impact  - You are mission-driven and want to make a difference 
 Builds consensus  - Your people-first mindset shows in all that you do 
 Embraces change  - You move fast and change excites you 
 Drives achievement  - You are wired to always exceed your personal best 
 Overcomes adversity  - You see the world as glass half full and embrace a good challenge 
 Trail blazer  - You love creating the path forward and being able to shape the future 
 Fun  - You think laughter is the best medicine and your positive energy is contagious 
 
 Side effects may include… 
 
 A closely connected culture 
 Competitive compensation, pension, benefits, personal days, employee discounts, and vacation time 
 Fully utilizing your talent 
 Professional growth and development via challenging projects and assignments 
 Warm and fuzzy feelings knowing you have helped your community, your team, the business and social causes through the Rexall Foundation 
 
 Are you all in? 
 Rexall Pharmacy Group Ltd. is committed to providing an accessible environment for all of our customers, employees, and job applicants. Rexall Pharmacy Group Ltd. will make available to any selected applicants accommodations and/or accessible formats should he/she require. Candidates are encouraged to discuss any accommodation he/she may need in order to allow for the most effective selection process. 
 Job Type: Full-time 
 Experience: 
 
 Customer Service: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
