Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Oracle EBS, Senior Consultant or Manager 
 EY 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 EY's people in more than 150 countries are committed to operating with integrity, quality and professionalism in the provision of audit, tax, transaction and advisory services. We strive to help all of our people achieve their professional and personal goals through an inclusive environment that values everyone's contributions, appreciates diversity of thought, fosters growth, and provides continuous opportunities for development. Recognized as one of Canada's top employers, EY continually strives to be a great place to work. 
 The opportunity 
 EY's Enterprise Applications practice assists our national consulting practices in planning, pursuing, delivering and managing large, complex full lifecycle initiatives along with providing experience in leading practices, methods, and resources in the Oracle’s applications and technology space. This group advises clients to understand, architect and implement the core applications and technology required to run their business. Our focus will be on helping our clients to achieve following key benefits: 
 An optimal applications portfolio and governance structure that aligns with IT strategy and business architecture 
Improvement in application performance driving higher customer (internal and external) satisfaction 
Cost reduction and better investment decisions for applications infrastructure and services 
 Your key responsibilities 
 This position will support consulting by managing project teams through agreed upon phases of the ERP project governance, requirements definition, technology risk analysis, customization, testing, implementation, training and rollout of a client's project lifecycle. They will also provide business development assistance. 
 Client Responsibilities 
Team with client business and technology professionals, and/or third-party strategic alliances to provide implementation of technology solutions 
Demonstrate ability to implement software. 
Develop long-term relationships and networks both internally and externally 
Interact and communicate effectively with finance and technology senior and middle management executives as well as end user and business subject matter experts. 
 Must have 
a bachelor's degree and approximately 5 years of related work experience; or a graduate degree and approximately 4 years of related work experience 
5+ years of experience working with an ERP system in a software configuration implementation role, 
Proven track record in system implementation for one or more of the following Oracle Financial Applications: GL, AP, Payments AR, fixed assets, Cash Management, Treasury, Procurement, Project Costing/Billing/Resource Management/Oracle Time and Labor, and OR Property Manager Applications. 
3-5 full lifecycle implementations in any of the above 
Familiarity Oracle methodologies such as OUM or AIM 
strong written and verbal communication, presentation, client service and technical writing skills, coupled with a strong interest in further developing and integrating enterprise business processes with technology skills 
ability and comfort level researching client inquiries and emerging issues 
The successful candidate must also be willing and able to travel 70-90% of a work schedule 
 Ideally, you’ll also have 
Degree in Business, or related field (MBA or MS degree preferred) 
Cloud Certifications in Cloud Applications 
 What we look for 
 We’re interested in passionate individuals with strong vision and a desire to stay on top of trends in the Oracle Applications industry. If you have a genuine passion for helping businesses achieve the full potential of their application suite, this role is for you. 
 What working at EY offers 
 We offer a competitive compensation package where you’ll be rewarded based on your performance and recognized for the value you bring to our business. In addition, our Total Rewards package includes medical and dental coverage, both pension and 401(k) plans, a minimum of 15 days of vacation plus ten observed holidays and three paid personal days, and a range of programs and benefits designed to support your physical, financial and social well-being. Plus, we offer: 
 Opportunities to develop new skills and progress your career 
A collaborative environment where everyone works together to create a better working world 
Excellent training and development prospects, both through established programs and on-the-job training 
 About EY 
 As a global leader in assurance, tax, transaction and consulting services, we hire and develop the most passionate people in their field to help build a better working world. This starts with a culture that believes in giving you the training, opportunities and creative freedom to make things better. So that whenever you join, however long you stay, the exceptional EY experience lasts a lifetime. 
 If you can confidently demonstrate that you meet the criteria above, please contact us as soon as possible. 
 Make your mark. Apply today. 
 EY is committed to inclusiveness, equity and accessibility. We encourage all qualified candidates to apply. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
