  
 Work-for-RVers-and-Campers.com 
 Menu 
 
 RVers: Start Here
 
 Workers On Wheels Home 
 Announcements 
 WOW E-mail News 
 Help Wanted Ads for RVers 
 Featured Employers 
 Home Biz Op Directory 
 Work Wanted Ads from RVers 
 The Basics for Working RVers 
 Workers On Wheels Blog 
 
 
 RV Work
 
 Bob's RV Work Articles 
 Campground Work 
 Property Caretaking 
 Flea Markets 
 Network Marketing 
 Temp Agencies 
 Teaching Jobs 
 Volunteering 
 Online Work 
 
 
 More RV Work
 
 Writing for Profit 
 Agricultural Jobs 
 Disney Jobs 
 Employment 
 Referral Fees 
 RV Home Business 
 Seasonal Jobs 
 Tourism Jobs 
 Website Building 
 Tips for Working RVers 
 
 
 RV Work Lifestyles
 
 Dream Jobs 
 RVing w/ Kids 
 Single RVers 
 Survey Polls 
 Testimonials 
 Worker's Stories 
 
 
 RV Work Resources
 
 Mail Service 
 Resume Help 
 Questions/Answers 
 Taxes 
 Tax and Legal 
 Books 
 Mags/Newsletters 
 
 
 WOW Admin
 
 About Us 
 Privacy Policy 
 Disclosure 
 Contact the Editor 
 Site Search 
 
 
 
 
 Your Campground Job Resume: Who You Are and What You Can Do 
 Your campground job resume should show the park owner who you are, as well as what you can do. When writing a resume for most campground jobs and many other seasonal jobs, think personable rather than professional. Let your personality show. That's not to say that your resume should be silly or garish -- unless of course, you are silly and garish on the job. 
 Write your campground job resume using everyday words, in natural phrases. It comes across better than the string of "action words" that resume coaches recommend. Make your resume easy to read and easy to understand. 
 That prim, formal format may still work better in some industries. If you are applying where formalities are the norm, then, yes, use a traditional format. But, we are talking about campgrounds and RV parks here. 
 One of the services we provide working RVers is posting Work Wanted ads and resumes free of charge on the Workers On Wheels website. As editor, I see a lot of them. Some are excellent! Others…not so good. 
 I read some of the resumes and I have no idea what kind of job the RVer is hoping to find. Many of the resumes start with an objective. That in itself is great. But some RVers use a three-line long sentence full of big words that don't say anything. They may impress themselves. But they don't tell the employer what kind of work they are able and willing to do. If you want to work in a campground, say so. Spit it out plain and simple. 
 Tell the campground owner about your skills and abilities. What can you do to make his life easier and his business more successful? That's what he needs to know. 
 Some resumes include a long list of accomplishments from previous jobs. They are full of "action keywords." But, they don't say anything about what the RVer did. 
 "Researched, analyzed, strategized, and implemented installation schedule. Coordinated and conceptualized assessment; liaised and empowered colleague for repositioning hygiene tissue apparatus." 
 Huh? 
 You made sure there was always toilet paper in the bathroom. You and your co-worker got along, so she did it on your days off. 
 Oh. Why didn't you just say that to begin with? 
 When it comes to your work experience, skip the string of fancy words. Be practical. Unless you normally go around talking in strings of keywords, don't do it on your campground resume. 
 Can you count change accurately? Now, that's something a campground owner wants to know before hiring you to work in the campground store or office. Do you know how to put new string on a weed eater? If you are applying to do campground yard work, that's relevant. Do you think it's important to smile and greet every customer? RV park owners think it's important, too. 
 Use the education section of your resume wisely. 
 The high school you graduated from in 1965…. It doesn't matter. Nobody cares. It is a way to say how old you are, though. 
 When it comes to campground job resumes, listing your certifications is usually more important than your college degrees. If you have any of these certifications, get them on your resume: 
 
 CPR and first aid 
 Heavy equipment operation and maintenance 
 Welding 
 Small engine repair 
 Computer operations and repair 
 Web design 
 Personal care assistant 
 Water and wastewater treatment 
 Applying herbicides or pesticides 
 Dispensing propane 
 
 When writing a resume for a campground job, be real. Use down-to-earth words. 
 Your camp worker resume should sound like an RVer who wants to work in a campground wrote it. It should sound like you wrote it. 
 Go to our blog to see what's new here on Workers On Wheels - Work-for-RVers-and-Campers.com and to find more info about earning a living while full-time RVing. 
 Disclosure: We receive compensation from advertisers, affiliate relationships, and site sponsors  
 Jen Work Camping 
 Most Recently 
 
   
   
   
 
 
 
  Tok Rv Village & Cabins Tok, Alaska 
 
 
 Jan 15, 21 09:34 PM 
 Gateway to Alaska Workampers couples, singles, summer 2021@2022.checkin,Phone,grounds keeper ,cleaning. 7days on & 7 days off,5.5 hours a day. Paid, 
 Read More 
 You can produce an income Work Camping. 
 Work Camping- What is it all about. Click this link for Video 
 https://youtu.be/ujOOPEbJGvY  
 
 Coleen and Bob Workers On Wheels Founders 
 
 
 Post Your Help Wanted Ad on Workers On Wheels 
- Click Here 
 *** 
 
 
 
 
 
 Copyright 1992-2020 All Rights Reserved - No reproduction permitted without written permission. 
 Contact Info  -- Jim Erickson, Workers On Wheels, Work-for-RVers-and-Campers.com 
 Disclosure: This site provides helpful and entertaining information thanks to compensation received from quality advertisers and affiliate relationships. 
 Privacy Policy 
 Workers On Wheels is our website and newsletter about working while RVing -- working while living in a home on wheels. There are so many kinds of work to do while RVing and camping (what some campers call workcamping or work camping). We help RV workers -- whether snowbirds or full-time RVers -- find campground jobs, volunteer jobs, jobs with RV spaces, seasonal jobs, mobile employment, short-term paid employment, and other ways to earn an income and cut expenses while enjoying life in a recreational vehicle. Thanks for visiting our WOW website! ~ Jim, your Workers On Wheels editor, at work-for-RVers-and-campers.com
*[Jan 15, 21 09:34 PM]: 2021-01-15T21:34:55-0500 
