Skip to content 
 Working in the Home 
 Sharing stories of domestic labour 
 Search for: 
 
 
 About 
 Share Your Story 
 
 Pink jobs vs blue jobs? – Vanessa’s story 
 28 May 202028 May 2020 Mike Ryder 
 I'm married with 2 children, who currently do not live at home. I guess having watched my mother do all the domestic chores, that it was my role to do the same. I never questioned it. So once I set up home at the age of 22/23 with my then to be husband I took on the majority of the jobs. At time I have felt quite consumed with it, especially when I had two small children and going back to work. 
 Over the years I have got my husband to help me more and on a regular basis. He would not be able to initiate it or he would not know what needs to be done, but excepts guidance. Most of the jobs I hate doing and always feel that once they are done they do not last and have to be repeated several days later. Recently I employed a cleaner, which I absolutely love. Though due to lockdown she has not been able to come.( interestingly most cleaners are female. ) My husband and I have fallen into doing certain jobs. I have heard my colleague talk about blue jobs and pink jobs. Blue jobs = empty the rubbish / put out the rubbish / load the dishwasher. Pink jobs = washing / ironing / dusting / hoovering / shopping and cooking. Hope this is helpful, if you need any more info please contact me. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 WhatsApp 
 Email 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Your stories   Blue Jobs ,  Cleaner ,  Pink Jobs   1 Comment 
 Post navigation 
 <- Who Does the Hoovering? The Importance of Housework 
 Balancing the burden of work – David’s story -> 
 You May Also Like 
   
 Pink vs Blue, another perspective – Gareth’s story 
 18 January 202118 January 2021 Mike Ryder   0 Comment 
   
 Balancing work – Angela’s story 
 11 June 202028 May 2020 Mike Ryder   0 Comment 
 One thought on "Pink jobs vs blue jobs? – Vanessa’s story" 
 
 Mike Ryder Post author 
 
 28 May 2020 at 8:27 am 
 Permalink 
 Hi Vanessa, thanks for your story. The whole pink jobs vs blue jobs is a really interesting area I think, and still seems to permeate society, and not just in the home. I remember back when I was working in PR, I worked for a female company director who had a very specific idea not about what jobs were 'pink' jobs, but rather about what jobs she could categorically define as 'blue' jobs, and so were left for me, the only man in the office. Typically, these jobs were anything particular dirty / disgusting, or my personal peve: anything relating to going up ladders, or picking up heavy things. :/ 
 Loading... 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Search for: 
 Recent Comments 
 
 Mike Ryder  on  Pink jobs vs blue jobs? – Vanessa’s story 
 Mike Ryder  on  Who Does the Hoovering? The Importance of Housework 
 Emily Cox-Palmer-White  on  Who Does the Hoovering? The Importance of Housework 
 Admin  on  Who Does the Hoovering? The Importance of Housework 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021  Working in the Home . All rights reserved. Theme:  Radiate  by ThemeGrill. Powered by  WordPress . 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
