Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Reporter 
 Rogers Communications 
 __Kitchener, ON 
 Apply Now 
 At Rogers, we connect Canadians to a world of possibilities and the memorable moments that matter most in their lives. Every day we wake up with one purpose in mind. To bring loved ones together from across the globe. To connect people to each other and the world around them. To help an entrepreneur realize their dream. A sports fan celebrate a special moment. 
 Because we believe connections unite us, possibilities fuels us, and moments define us. 
 570 News Kitchener is looking for a full-time Anchor/Reporter/Editor to join our news team. Reporting to the News Director, this individual will be able to write, edit and deliver compelling news, business, and other information. 
 Responsibilities: 
o Edit, write, produce and broadcast the most up to date newscasts and news reports 
o Ensure newscasts deliver local content which is relevant to the market's audience 
o Ensure newscasts are delivered on time and free of technical error 
o Experience reporting live from the scene of news events 
o Generate creative content and programming ideas 
o Other duties as assigned 
 Requirements: 
o Two years of broadcasting experience 
o Extensive knowledge of Ontario news 
o Excellent editing, writing and production skills 
o Knowledge of technical requirements for reporting live from news events 
o Strong skills as an interviewer 
o Valid driver's license 
 Schedule:  Full time 
 Shift:  Variable 
 Length of Contract:  Not Applicable (Regular Position) 
 Work Location:  230 - 1B The Boardwalk (102), Kitchener, ON 
 Travel Requirements:  None 
 Posting Category/Function:  Broadcasting & News 
 Requisition ID:  153638 
 At Rogers Digital, our team doesn’t shy away from big ideas – we bring them to life. We work tirelessly to deliver the best user experiences (period) and build amazing self-serve experiences that our customers want to use. We are customer-obsessed agents of change and are committed to innovation and creating effortless experiences for customers and frontline employees. We use cutting-edge tools and technologies to solve critical and complex problems with award-winning solutions. Our work impacts millions of customers everyday. At Rogers Digital, we’re looking for people who embrace change, take risks, and push boundaries. Learn more about our team and our work @ https://digital.rogers.com/ 
 Together, we'll make more possible, and these six shared values guide and define our work: 
 Our people are at the heart of our success 
Our customers come first. They inspire everything we do 
We do what’s right, each and every day 
We believe in the power of new ideas 
We work as one team, with one vision 
We give back to our communities and protect our environment 
 Posting Notes:  Media 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
