Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Portfolio Manager, Partnership Portfolio 
 BC IMC 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 To be considered for this opportunity, please submit your resume and related information by email to bci@spencerstuart.com with “Portfolio Manager, Partnership Portfolio– BCI” in the subject line. 
 Only qualified candidates that match the requirements will be contacted. Please do not submit your application directly to BCI. 
 DEPARTMENT DESCRIPTION 
 The Public Markets Group manages a portfolio of fixed income, equity and absolute return investments representing approximately $105 billion utilizing both index and active management strategies. The Group invests in Canada, the U.S. and Internationally in both the developed and emerging markets. Assets are managed using both internal management and external managers. The Group uses a diverse mix of financial instruments including bonds, equities and derivatives. In addition, the Group is a leader in Responsible Investing actively integrating environmental, social and governance factors into our investment analysis and decision-making. 
 POSITION DESCRIPTION 
 The Portfolio Manager plays a key role in a dedicated team of investment professionals with the goal of delivering consistent long-term value-add by developing and managing effective partnership strategies and this team has overall responsibility for: 
 Externally managed long-only equity portfolio 
Externally managed absolute return portfolio 
 QUALIFICATIONS 
 Must have: 
A minimum of 10 years of experience in managing/overseeing investment mandates in equity and/or absolute return portfolios, including at least 5 years of allocation experience 
Familiarity with different portfolio management styles (value, growth, momentum etc.), a wide variety of investment strategies as well as portfolio construction 
Bachelor’s degree in finance or equivalent 
 Excellent interpersonal skills:  i.e., a proven ability to build lasting trust-based relationships with a wide variety of stakeholders 
Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal 
A high level of intellectual curiosity 
 Preferred: 
Master’s degree in finance or equivalent 
CFA designation 
 PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES 
 Develop wide network of potential partners, establish partnerships and negotiate mandates 
Source, analyze, select and negotiate terms with long-only equity managers and/or hedge fund investments 
Work closely with other teams within BCI to develop partnerships and share opportunities 
Contribute towards the plan to build the portfolio 
Help manage portfolio construction, including risk management, scenario analysis and implement overlay hedging if appropriate 
Assist in the sourcing and initial due diligence of co-investment opportunities with external manager partners 
Take a proactive role in relationship management, monitor the portfolio including performance and risk oversight 
Be proactive in the evolution of the portfolio to capture market opportunities to create value 
Provide leadership and mentoring to junior members of the team involved in partnership investing 
 COMPETENCIES 
 Research/Analytical Skills 
 Effective performers have strong research and analytical skills; they are able to locate and interpret relevant information to produce insights and to provide well thought out recommendations based on a rigorous process of organizing and analyzing data. 
 Coaching & Mentoring 
 Effective performers undertake a developmental relationship with junior staff through daily mentoring, coaching and advising. They communicate effectively over a sustained period of time regarding work, career and professional development. They provide coaching focused on skill building, as well as mentoring focused on outlook and developing good judgment. They have an open and honest approach, provide ongoing performance feedback and are effective role models. 
 Technical Expertise 
 Effective performers are knowledgeable and skilled in business fundamentals, financial modeling, investment analysis and portfolio management. They add value to the organization by effectively monitoring investments at the portfolio and individual investment level and supporting investment due diligence activities. 
 Relationship Management 
 Effective performers understand that a primary factor in success is establishing and maintaining productive relationships. They devote appropriate time and energy to establishing and maintaining networks. They initiate contacts readily and maintain them over time. They are able to capitalize on relationships to facilitate business transactions. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
