Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Overnight Case Worker 
 Catholic Social Services 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Community Outreach and Disability Service 
 Catholic Social Services is currently recruiting for one (1) Overnight position at 37.5 hours per week as a Caseworker at Elpida Program in Edmonton, AB. 
 You will be joining an established Agency that is guided by faith to care for and bring hope to people in need with humility, compassion and respect. With more than 50 years of service delivery, Catholic Social Services is one of the largest multi-function social services agencies in Canada, with more than 1800 staff, and hundreds of volunteers delivering 130+ programs throughout Central Alberta. 
 Program Overview: 
You will be working in a Federal Halfway House whose primary focus is to assist the clients in making a successful transition to a responsible community life. As a Case Worker, you will work closely with the Team Leader to ensure all aspects of program delivery are met, as well as in assisting clients in identifying and solving the practical problems involved in their successful reintegration into the community. You are a team player who is dedicated to the supervision, support, assessment, and counselling of men or women on parole from federal institutions. 
 Supporting daily living, you have the ability to develop client relationships that are based on mutual respect. You have strong verbal communication skills and the ability to write clear, precise and detailed case reports. Using you’re your good decision- making abilities, you respond to difficult client behaviour on a non-reactive manner. 
 You have the ability to work independently as well as in a team environment. 
 Education and Qualifications: 
A Diploma in Corrections, Human Services or Social Services (or equivalent). One (1) year of experience in corrections (would be an asset) to prepared you for this challenging and rewarding position. 
 An Enhanced Police Information Check and Intervention Record Check are conditions of employment and the financial responsibility of the candidate. 
 Compensation: 
The salary range for this position is $20.06 to $23.66 per hour based on qualifications and experience. We offer flexibility, a comprehensive benefits package and a supportive working environment. 
 Please apply online at www.cssalberta.ca/careers to competition number 20-320. 
 We thank all applicants. Only candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. We offer flexibility, a comprehensive benefits package and a supportive working environment. We embrace diversity and offer equal opportunities to all qualified applicants regardless of origin, culture, ethnicity, age, ability, gender identity and people of faith or no faith 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
