__ 
 
 
 * [](https://www.facebook.com/workdesignmag)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 Subscribe 
 
    Exploring ideas that shape the places we work. 
 
 
 Projects 
 
 
   Employee Engagement was Key to the Design of New LA Offices 
 
 
   How ASID Achieved Two Firsts From the CRE Perspective 
 
 
   West Elm's Sophisticated, Brand-Celebrating New Brooklyn Headquarters 
 
 
 Project Profiles 
 
 
 Written and Video Case Studies 
 
 
 
 
 Products 
 
   Reimagining the Furniture Selection, Specification, and Procurement Process 
   Price Modern: Multi-Faceted Services to Support Your Workplace 
   Pinnacle Sheds New Light on Creative Options to Provide Wellness in the Workplace 
 
 
 
 Expert Insights 
 
   Whine and Cheese: Change Management Isn’t Always Just About Giving Up Your Office 
   How ASID Achieved Two Firsts From the CRE Perspective 
   Workplace Wisdom from the Frontiers of Science 
 
 
 
 Tips & Trends 
 
   Whine and Cheese: Change Management Isn’t Always Just About Giving Up Your Office 
   Hold That Pen! Think Branding Before - Not After - You Sign a Lease 
   Generation Z: The Largest Percentage of Population 
 
 
 
 Premium 
 
   Being Green Has its Benefits, but Can it Also Boost Productivity? 
   How Measuring Happiness Can Revive Architecture in the Information Age 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Sodexo's Lorna Donatone Talks About the Importance of Culture When You Can't Control the Workspace 
 
 
 
 Events 
 
 
   NeoCon East 2017 in Review 
 
 
   Work Design Talk Atlanta: The Changing Nature of Work and the Workplace 
 
 
   CBRE Furniture Forum 2.0: Reimagining the Management of the Furniture Bidding Process 
 
 
 Event Calendar 
 
 
 Industry Events 
 
 
 Work Design Experiences 
 
 
 Work Design Previews and Recaps 
 
 
 
 
 CEOs Talk Workplace 
 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Interview with Kenn Fine 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Sodexo's Lorna Donatone Talks About the Importance of Culture When You Can't Control the Workspace 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Aaron Hurst on His HQ for Pragmatic Optimists 
 
 
 
 Job board 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 Career Learning Center   Reference Checking   Resume Writing   Coaching   More >> 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to Work Design JOBS 
 Resources 
 Coach Profile 
 Jaya K. Bohlmann, MA, MSMOB, ACC, APR 
 How will clients benefit with you as their coach? 
 They will: 
 
 Become aware, empathetic, authentic leaders and empowered, confident team members 
 Navigate and lead complexities related to politics, structure, and changes in their organizations 
 Manage transition related to mergers and acquisitions; changes at the C-suite 
 Plan and achieve an effective first 90 days in a new or promoted position 
 Clearly communicate with compelling messages delivered in the ways most resonant to audiences 
 Engage teams, peer groups and executive teams with the right blend of face to face, social platforms, written, and other forms of communication 
 Plan exit strategies; retirement; second, third and fourth acts 
 Enhance and embody personal brands by living their values 
 Create and unify teams 
 Develop the right people and structure for their teams 
 Create strategic plans with clear vision and mission statements 
 Manage virtual teams 
 Make the move from manager to leader 
 Deal with job loss, transition, downsizing 
 Develop inclusive, collaborative work environments to achieve strategic business goals 
 Help find balance and integration for all aspects of life, including work and home 
 Gain more satisfaction and control over careers 
 
 What do clients say about working with you? 
 "Our sessions guided me through the turmoil of leaving a very stressful situation --one that I had hoped would be my "dream job," instead of the toxic work environment that was the reality. She helped me see the workplace for what it was, without any judgment on her part. I found her to be a good listener, and her suggestive and questioning approach was extremely valuable in helping me come to difficult decisions on my own. Jaya challenged me to explore the 'why' of what I was doing. With her help I began a new career with confidence and enthusiasm. Throughout the engagement, Jaya was accommodating and flexible with appointment times and the length of our sessions. I found her coaching extremely helpful!" 
 "Jaya does a wonderful job guiding the self-inquiry process. She has a sharp and creative mind which pairs perfectly with her supportive coaching style. I've never felt more clear about my values and goals and how to bring them to life. Thank you!!" 
 "My experience with Jaya's executive coaching was transformative. When I engaged Jaya, I was at a cross-roads in my career. Having been with a firm for many years, I suddenly needed to determine my next move -- not wanting to continue on the same trajectory but not knowing how to identify a new path that would allow me to apply my skills. Jaya encouraged me to think beyond the norm and focus more on what would be the most fulfilling for me. Jaya challenged me to reset my thought process -- a new approach that I will continue to apply not only in my career strategy but in my life strategy as well." 
 What is your coaching philosophy? 
 I enhance my training and practical expertise with academic and corporate research and thought leadership in communication, leadership, and change. I am passionate about the topics of diversity and inclusion, women as leaders, career transition, the role of communication in change, and branding. 
 I deliver a customized program of assessments, tools, concepts and models, founded on an appreciative approach that emphasizes what's working, in a structure best-suited for the client in the context of a safe, trusting relationship with the coach. I empower individuals to successfully navigate professional and personal transitions. 
 My philosophy is that organizational brands are built from the inside out – therefore, people should be addressed as a priority, not as commodities but as the heart of organizations. 
 What types of clients do you work with? 
 I focus on the groups and individuals at the head and the heart of organizations. I believe they must be holistically addressed as humans with daily concerns and emotions that drive them in order to be effective employees and leaders. I coach executives, board members, leaders, mid-level managers, frontline workers, technical staff, and entry level employees. 
 What is your professional background? 
 I am a communication, marketing and organization development executive with more than 20 years' experience working in-house and as a consultant. I have an award-winning portfolio of successes with global Fortune 500 companies, associations, nonprofits, and consulting firms. 
 I have a solid foundation of high-level public relations, where I created and implemented strategies for organizations to evaluate and respond to key stakeholders. Building on that, I now focus on the people side of the profession, providing consulting for organizational culture, teams, leadership and how to build effective structures. I provide individual career and professional coaching, corporate consulting, recruitment, and career services. 
 I hold the ACC accreditation through the International Coach Federation, and an MS in management and organization behavior. 
 Ready To Get Started With Jaya? 
 Order online below. Once your order is received, a member of our team will contact you directly to facilitate the connection to your coach. 
 |   Career Coaching Programs 
 Service  |   What You Get  |   Price  |   Add to Cart 
Three 30-Minute Coaching Sessions  | The Career Coaching service matches individuals with a personal coach--a confidant, champion, and challenger who will help you: 
 
 Gain personalized guidance through job transitions 
 Prepare and navigate through your annual reviews 
 Leverage your behavioral and professional strengths effectively 
 Diagnose reasons for career dissatisfaction 
 Learn how to take action in networking, interviewing, and taking on new opportunities
With Career Coaching you can: 
 Learn how your behavioral style affects those you work with 
 Build a compelling value proposition for a potential employer 
 Manage change more effectively 
 Overcome hurdles that impede success 
 Sustain professional success and maintain balance 
 Get ongoing support through all phases of your career
|  Member: $224.00 
Non Member: $280.00  |  
 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 
 Editorial Calendar 
 
 
 Free Email Newsletter 
 
 
 Sponsors 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Industry Roundups 
 
 
 Work Design TALKS and Events 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 
 Copyright Workspace Design Magazine, LLC DBA Work Design Magazine (2010-2018) 
 Back to top __ 
