Worksnaps  
 BLOG {empowering remote work} 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Tour
 
 Managing 
 Reporting 
 Client 
 Integrations 
 Privacy 
 API 
 
 
 Pricing 
 Download 
 About
 
 Company Info 
 Customer Stories 
 Affiliate Program 
 
 
 
 Tag Archives: career 
 Standard 
 Posted by 
 Worksnaps 
 Posted on 
 December 31, 2020 
 Posted under 
 General Blog 
 Comments 
 Leave a comment 
 Remote Work Digest: December 31, 2020 
 The latest on all kinds of information, news, and resources that help you make working remotely better. 
 Why remote working and working from home aren’t the same – and how to accommodate both options | Jason Aten, Inc, Businessinsider.com 
 
 Too often we confuse  remote work with working from home . The two aren't the same. It isn't just semantics, either. The words we use, and the way we talk about things is important. It communicates what we value, and using the wrong words can not only cause confusion, it can devalue your team members and the way they work. 
 Working from home is a temporary thing you do every once in a while. 
 It means that the work you usually would do in your office at your desk, you do from home for a day, or maybe two. In many companies, working from home is what you do on Thursdays because you don't have any meetings, so you figure you'll get caught up on the presentation you're working on without the interruption of a colleague stopping by your desk. 
 Remote working is not just a circumstance, but rather a way of working. 
 If you work remotely, you don't have a desk at your company's office somewhere. Instead, you're probably responsible for providing your own desk in your own workspace, usually somewhere in your own home. 
 When you work from home, you still use the tools and technology your company gave you, you just log on to your own internet connection. It's OK if you don't have everything you need at home, because you'll be headed back to the office tomorrow anyway. 
 That's not the case with remote work, and it requires a completely different set of tools and systems. Often, you have to create your own systems, and the place you work gets a lot more attention since it's likely what your colleagues will see every time you log on to Zoom. Don't underestimate the level of stress that goes into having the perfect background — or at least, one that isn't cluttered with toys and laundry and pets. Or, as we call it at our home, real life. 
 It also means having a different set of skills. Setting your calendar and agenda for the day is different when you work remotely. Productivity and accountability look different as well. It's time we start treating them that way. 
 X Misconceptions Related To Employee Tracking | Bhok Thompson, Greenprophet.com 
 
 Not too long ago, time tracking was time consuming. 
 While tracking time has been widely accepted as a viable way to improve productivity, filling out lengthy Excel sheets has commonly been viewed as an additional task. 
 As a result, the practice of time tracking has been known to face a lot of resistance in corporate scenarios. 
 However, things have changed. Today, there are specialized time tracking software that automate the part of time tracking that feels like a “task”. 
 Time Tracking Leads to Micromanagement 
 Many employees dread the idea of time tracking because they believe that it will lead to micromanagement. Now, there is no denying that there are many examples of micromanagers in almost all organizations. Be that as it may, if a manager isn’t someone who likes to micromanage their team, a time tracking software is not going to change that. 
 In fact, after the initial adoption period, employees can use their own historical time tracking data to justify a realistic workload and make realistic commitments to their managers. 
 Time Tracking Leads to Employee Burnout 
 This point is especially worrying to many nowadays when remote working is becoming popular. With blurring boundaries between homes and offices, the rigid office timings are also blurring and many professionals are reporting working well beyond their ‘normal’ working hours. 
 Contrary to popular belief, time tracking can help organisations and individuals solve this problem. With time tracking, employees can stay productive during the actual office hours and set boundaries that allow them to have personal time. At the same time, organisations will be able to ensure that their employees are giving their best during their official working hours. 
 Employees Will “Forget” Tracking Time 
 Nowadays, time tracking is automated to a large extent. Therefore, there’s not much left to ‘forget’. 
 Moreover, it is important for employers to communicate the individual benefits of time tracking to their employees. This way, they will be more motivated to keep track of their own time and the ‘forgetting’ incidents will be limited to a minimum. 
 Conclusion 
 The fact that there are so many misconceptions surrounding time tracking has been a significant deterrent in the adoption of this awesome productivity technique. However, we hope that this article will help you see the benefits of time tracking and implement it in your organization. 
 Checklist: How to effectively lead your remote employees | MYRECRUITMENT+, Smartcompany.com.au 
 How to lead remote employees effectively is a question on the minds of many SME owners. HR, managers, and executives control a workforce that exists mainly through virtual encounters, and must reassess operations and procedures to ensure efficiency is embedded in every process. 
 To assist you in your learning to lead a remote workforce, here’s a checklist for you to use as a guide in revealing where your strengths are and where you can improve. 
 Communication 
 
 Do I implement a seamless communication system? 
 Do my colleagues have someone else to communicate with if I’m unavailable? 
 Even when I’m unavailable, do my colleagues know how to contact me in case of an emergency? 
 Have I implemented scheduled hours? Why/why not? 
 Have I confided in my colleagues and employees whether they are content with the current communication channels? 
 
 Collaboration 
 
 Is there any tension between colleagues that I’m aware of? 
 Do I receive regular feedback from colleagues/employees? 
 Does the business provide the appropriate tools & resources for efficient collaboration? 
 Have I put daily/weekly exercises in place for team bonding (thus more effective collaboration)? 
 
 Training 
 
 Do I have standardized training material? 
 Do I have a procedure in place to ensure the new hire receives training material specific to their department? 
 Do I have a system in-place that allows full transparency so I can view who has completed their training, and who hasn’t? 
 Do I have a system in-place that allows full transparency so I can view which employee is up-to-date in the latest training material, and which employee requires more training? 
 Do we take advantage of an LMS? 
 
 Why is this checklist relevant? 
 Communication 
 It’s the key to running a remote workforce. 
 If employees have a question, they must receive answers within a suitable time frame. In order to overcome misunderstandings, you need to eliminate processes that encourage miscommunication. 
 A strategy for this? Ensure all employees have contact numbers and someone they can contact at any time (in the working day) for immediate assistance. You, as a leader, must act as the glue that keeps your team well bonded and functioning holistically. 
 Consider using tools that provide you with a 2-way bulk sms and email communication channel. This will allow you to quickly and efficiently provide stakeholders with recent updates. 
 Collaboration 
 Regardless of the company’s location (remote or in the office) teamwork is crucial for productivity. Employees that are motivated have higher job satisfaction, thus higher productivity. 
 So, how do you incorporate company culture to a workforce that is spread over states, and perhaps even the country? 
 Organize weekly meetings, perhaps a Monday morning (to talk about weekly goals), and Friday afternoon (to discuss achievements). Make it compulsory for everyone to attend. Whilst working from home allows flexibility, don’t forget that working your standard 9-5 job comes with requirements and responsibilities, so don’t be afraid of maintaining compulsory activities. 
 Training 
 The global pandemic has resulted in consistent updates regarding operational regulations and restrictions. In order to be compliant with these regulations, your employees must be up to date with training of current workplace procedures. 
 This includes hygiene practices, wellbeing exercises, operational restrictions, social distancing strategies etc. The consequences of being noncompliant (internally or externally) results in large fines, and an increased risk of contracting COVID-19. 
 Business owners should consider investing in a LMS system so new hires and existing employees receive identical training material. This promises consistency in knowledge and expectations. 
 Communicate, collaboration and training are closely entwined, and are the three main components to be considered when deciding a strategy to lead remote employees due to the dire consequences of overlooking their significance. 
 15 Ways to Maximize Your Productivity and Earnings | Kim Porter, Dollarsprout.com 
 
 Though you might use an eight-hour workday to benchmark your productivity,  research suggests  workers are only productive for about three hours during that time frame. 
 Here are 15 ways to boost your productivity and earning potential. 
 
 Find your most productive hours. 
 
 To find your golden hours, listen to your body to get a sense of when you feel focused and motivated to tackle big projects. Plan your day so you’re doing the highest-priority work during your most productive hours, while routine tasks can be done when you don’t need as much concentration. 
 2.  Figure out which office lifestyle is best for you. 
 Some people work best independently, while others thrive in an office setting. “In my experience, introverts really tend to enjoy working from home because they are energized by alone time,” says Alexis Haselberger, a productivity, time management, and leadership coach. “Extroverts tend to have a harder time working from home for the opposite reason; they are energized through time with others.” 
 3.  Track and limit time spent on each task. 
 After a few months in the same role, you probably know how long it takes to complete your normal, routine tasks. When you need to schedule one, allot a reasonable amount of time and aim to get it done within that time frame. 
 4.  Schedule your week. 
 Racheal Cook, business strategist and productivity expert, says she creates a weekly Google Calendar and first blocks out time for family, friends, and fun. She then blocks out major work tasks during defined hours to help create boundaries between work and her personal life. If you don’t make time for both, “then work can quickly take up every available moment in your week,” Cook says. 
 5.  Give yourself periodic breaks. 
 Working at 100% capacity at all hours just isn’t sustainable. “If you don’t take regular breaks, you risk burnout,” Haselberger says. 
 6.  Make time for personal and career development 
 Career development could include attending a training course for the next step in your career, watching a self-development seminar, or reading a book. Investing time in yourself might mean skipping billable client work now, but it boosts your earning potential over time. And focusing on personal goals can help you round out your work-life balance. 
 7.  Avoid meetings if possible. 
 While meetings can be an efficient way to collectively brainstorm ideas and create solutions, more than $37 billion per year is spent on unproductive meetings,  according to one estimate . But if you must have one, Haselberger offers these tips: 
 
 Ensure every meeting has an owner. This person schedules the meeting, sets the agenda, and facilitates the discussion. 
 Only include necessary attendees. Information can be disseminated to others on a need-to-know basis via other means. 
 Always have an agenda. The owner sends the agenda to all attendees. It should state the objective, items for discussion, and any relevant materials to prepare attendees. 
 Define the goal for the meeting. If you don’t know what you hope to accomplish, don’t schedule a meeting. 
 Decision vs. discussion. Decide whether the purpose of the meeting is for decision-making or brainstorming and discussion. 
 
 8.  Outsource or delegate work if you can. 
 Whether you’re running a business or part of a large project with co-workers, everyone has a strength and a role. Delegating or outsourcing work means “letting others do what they can do, so you can do what only you can do,” Marshall says. 
 9.  Avoid time wasters. 
 Distractions can torpedo your workday. These come in the form of household chores, co-workers or kids, and emails and notifications. “Most people check email on average 37 times a day,” Haselberger says. “Every time we are interrupted or distracted, it takes, on average, 23 minutes to refocus.” 
 10.  Create your own work processes. 
 Creating resources like processes, checklists, and pricing structures allows you to do the thinking and the work just once. Having the documentation will also help if you plan to grow your business in the future, Marshall says. 
 11.  Automate tasks when possible. 
 Collaborating with project management tools, using accounting software, and scheduling social media posts are some other ways to automate tasks. 
 12.  Exercise regularly. 
 Exercise does so much more than lower your blood pressure and help you fit into your jeans. In  one study , employees who visited the gym said they were more productive, managed their time more effectively, and had smoother interactions with their colleagues. Exercise can also: **** 
 
 Boost your concentration, memory, and creativity. 
 Help you learn faster. 
 Lower your stress levels. 
 
 13.  Take time to rest and recharge. 
 Rest will look different for everyone, but here are a few ways to make it happen: 
 
 Block off at least one day a week where no work is allowed. 
 Practice self-care, which generally means sleeping enough, eating well, and exercising. 
 Take a “mental health day” if you need it. 
 Make time to visit friends and family. But don’t be afraid to say “no” to social visits if you’re feeling overwhelmed. 
 
 14.  Get enough sleep. 
 According to the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention, about  1 in 3 adults don’t get enough sleep . What’s considered “enough” varies by age and person. But generally, adults should get between seven and nine hours of sleep each night, the CDC says. Here are some ways to help that happen: 
 
 Save caffeine for the morning, and cut it from your afternoon and evening. 
 Get into a consistent sleep schedule by going to sleep and waking up at the same time each day, including on weekends. 
 Don’t use smartphones and other devices right before bedtime. They emit light that can mess with your circadian rhythm and ability to fall asleep. 
 Avoid exercising and eating close to bedtime. 
 
 15.  Make good food choices. 
 While any food generally fuels your body, some types of food are better at promoting productivity. Here are some general guidelines: 
 
 Have healthy food choices available . In particular, fruits and vegetables  have been shown  to promote curiosity, motivation, and engagement. Nuts are also a healthy option. 
 Don’t skip breakfast . A meal full of protein and complex carbohydrates gives your body the energy it needs to get through the day. 
 Graze . Hunger can lead to lower levels of productivity, so have a steady stream of healthy snacks on hand to eat throughout the day. 
 
 Learning strategies to harness your focus and energy will help you use your time more meaningfully and efficiently. 
 This list serves as a starting point for taking care of yourself, setting goals, and squashing the time wasters that don’t contribute value to your work or personal life. You can start with one or combine a few into a more comprehensive strategy. Whether you’re freelancing or pushing for a raise at your full-time job, one thing is true: greater productivity equals more money in your pocket. 
 Standard 
 Posted by 
 Worksnaps 
 Posted on 
 October 30, 2020 
 Posted under 
 General Blog 
 Comments 
 Leave a comment 
 Remote Work Digest: October 30, 2020 
 The latest on all kinds of information, news, and resources that help you make working remotely better. 
 The 10 Best Ways To Make The Most of 2020 | Amy Blaschka, Forbes.com 
 
 From a global pandemic, countless natural disasters, growing social and racial unrest, and a substantial political divide to balancing working from home and remote learning, navigating the uncertainty has been challenging. 
 The good news is that we still have a chance to salvage the year. Here are the 10 best ways—one for each week left of the year—to finish strong 
 
 Protect your time 
 
 How and with whom you spend your time and your productivity while doing so, demonstrate your focus and commitment to what—and who—matters most. When you master  time-management , you’ll learn to say no, do, decide, delegate or delete tasks, batch routine tasks, eliminate distractions, embrace mono-tasking, get to know—and work—your own rhythms, and build in breaks to recharge. 
 2.  Become more self-aware 
 Self-awareness is not just about knowing how you move through the world; it’s about knowing how your energy affects others. This perspective allows you to understand that everything is connected—your interactions with other people, how they perceive you, your attitude, and your responses to them in the moment—and all can be enhanced through better self-awareness. 
 3.  Brush up on your soft skills 
 Last year,  LinkedIn  released its annual  Global Talent Trends report , which explored the four big trends fueling the future of the workplace. Topping the list? Soft skills. 
 This finding underscores a fundamental truth: At its core, business is about relationships. No matter your job function or title, to succeed, you must interact with other people. And those who find a way to combine their hard skills with soft skills create environments that empower and ignite their teams, delight their customers, and fuel sustainable growth. 
 4.  Embrace four words to communicate and connect better 
 No matter your industry or profession,  four words have the power to change your results instantly: It’s not about you . 
 The finest leaders understand that by putting others first and adopting a service mindset, they can improve their communication and connection, establish trust, deepen relationships, and build business. 
 5.  Get curious 
 When you’re curious, you’re open. Open to exploring new ideas, experiences, and possibilities. Open to meeting new people and learning new things. Open to leaving behind outdated mindsets and limiting beliefs to make room for your highest and best self. And it’s that openness—that curiosity—that fuels growth. 
 6.  Dare to be a “career contrarian” 
 “Career contrarians”  share the ability to adopt an often unpopular perspective and make it work for them. Instead of conforming to conventional or practical approaches, education, or paths, they seek alternative means to career fulfillment. 
 7.  Listen more than you talk 
 The benefits of  listening  are numerous. Active listening demonstrates respect, builds trust, and makes people feel valued. It creates a virtuous cycle: we naturally gravitate toward those who listen to us, and when we feel heard, we open up and share. 
 8.  Stop hiding behind fear 
 Fear is a powerful emotion . It often masquerades as a cloak of protection, keeping us from doing things that may cause us harm. But sometimes, the real damage comes from the inaction that fear enables. 
 We avoid at all costs those things that make us uncomfortable, but there is no growth in the status quo. Sooner or later, that caution and those fears that prevent you from getting hurt or put on the spot stagnate you. 
 9.  Share your wisdom 
 Wisdom is the ability to think and act using knowledge, experience, understanding, common sense, and insight. But it transforms into something truly powerful when it is shared. 
 Why? Because all the wisdom in the world is meaningless without application. 
 10.  (Re)tell your career story 
 Properly crafted,  your career story  helps to differentiate you from your competitors, highlight your value, and to draw others to you. It provides a common thread that weaves together your personal and professional experiences, as well as your transferable skills, making it easy for others to connect the dots. 
 5 Reasons To Invest In An Employee Time Tracking Software | Thebossmagazine.com 
 
 Working remotely comes with its challenges. One of the major challenges is keeping a check on work productivity, which can be made easier with the help of an  employee time tracking software . 
 Tracking Productivity 
 The biggest benefit of a time tracking software is that you (as the manager) get to see how your employees spend their time. Once you are aware of this, you can set work priorities in order to achieve optimum results within a given timeline. This in turns helps in maximizing work productivity. 
 Measure of Progress 
 An employee tracking software helps you gain an insight of the employee’s current position and provides a measure of his overall capacity. With this knowledge you can motivate them to work on a particular aspect that is lacking from their end. 
 Prioritizing of important tasks 
 A time tracking software gives a clear view of the progress of an ongoing project by the number of hours being spent on each task within the project. This enables the manager to prioritize urgent work by re-assigning resources for high-priority projects. 
 Better project management 
 The better the management, the more confidently you can take up new work. Whether it is resource capacity estimates or the work timelines – all this data will help you establish your upcoming projects and even keep your budget in check. 
 Transparency in billing 
 Since time tracking is transparent, it removes confusion around what role each employee is fulfilling. It also clearly reflects how an individual employee is utilizing their time. This helps in reducing discrepancies regarding time and cost when discussing a new project with a client. 
 Conclusion 
 Investing in a time tracking software can increase the revenue being generated whilst focusing on higher productivity at the same time. Every organization can utilize it in their own way and reap its benefits. 
 How to reduce your energy bills when working from home this winter | Naomi Gordon, Housebeautiful.com 
 
 With personal finances under strain and a long winter ahead, Michael Meiser at LED lighting specialist  s, Lumilum , gives his top tips for lowering your energy bill while working from home. 
 
 Reorganise your workspace 
 
 If you aren't alone in working from home, setting up a shared office space will mean you use less electricity for lighting and will stay warmer without heating the whole house. If you need to take a call or jump on a  video conference , temporarily move to another room. 
 
 Be clever with your heating 
 
 'Check the temperature your boiler is set to for hot water. Even decreasing it by 1°C could save up to 10 per cent on your heating bill,' Michael reveals. 'So that you only get the heat you need, put the boiler on a timer. You can also set your thermostat so that the boiler will kick in if the house gets too cold. An acceptable indoor temperature for office workers is 20 degrees.' 
 
 Switch off at the end of the day 
 
 Working from home means more devices will be powered and charged, but ensure that you fully switch off any device you are not using, chargers included. Even in sleep mode, devices use energy and lose charge, so avoid leaving them on standby. This simple change could save you  an average of £80 a year , according to The Energy Savings Trust. 
 
 Get the right lighting 
 
 Aim to set up your workspace in a room with plenty of  natural light  to reduce your use of artificial lighting. Remove anything that’s blocking natural light and keep curtains and blinds fully open. 
 
 Find a better deal 
 
 Seeing as  working from home  and a more flexible approach to remote working is here to stay, it's time to revisit your energy plan, and that means not settling for  standard tariffs , which are often the most expensive. 
 
 Cut back in the kitchen 
 
 The kitchen is often seen as the forgotten cost of working from home. 'If you're a coffee or tea drinker, only boil the amount of water you need (it’ll be quicker too!), use the right size pots and pans to cook food faster, and defrost your dinner the natural way during the day,' Michael explains. 'Just like when you're in the office, prepping lunch for the week ahead by batch cooking will save you time and energy.' 
 The complete guide to remote IT support for small business | Chris Souza, Itproportal.com 
 
 Here is a complete guide to help small businesses initiate remote IT services. 
 Begin with considering these critical aspects to support employees who work from home. 
 Check if employees have access to the required productivity tools 
 Your remote teams should have complete access to all the essential cloud-based productivity tools. This will help facilitate the sharing of files, effective communication, easy collaboration on projects, and initiation of meetings. 
 Consider a situation where employees experience technical issues with centralized productivity tools during a pandemic outbreak like the Covid-19 pandemic. This critical scenario demands the need for the availability of a robust remote platform that works offline while providing access to all productivity tools. 
 List tasks that can be handled remotely 
 This will help stakeholders plan the completion of important tasks to be prioritized and specifically handled from home. 
 Audit available technology resources 
 Obtain an overview of hardware and software resources that are available and if there is a need to purchase or upgrade resources. This will include an upgrade of internet packages and cloud-based productivity suites. 
 Take charge of cybersecurity 
 Remote employees should be educated about the sensitivity of data they will be handling and the risks that accompany this task. 
 For example, cybercriminals may take advantage of the current Covid-19 pandemic to entice victims into clicking on malicious links that offer information about a “cure.” Such instances can be better managed by having all the employees connect over a virtual private network (VPN) remotely. 
 Set a communication protocol 
 It is important to put into effect a protocol that defines how regularly communication among the team members needs to take place to improve collaboration. This should include the following: 
 
 Appropriately schedule check-ins and meetings, breakout sessions, and project updates on a particular time of the day 
 Have a structured facilitator and agenda to take care of the preparation work in advance 
 Ensure to send follow-up emails to summarize discussed points and outcomes of meetings 
 Test the technology used in advance when addressing a larger audience 
 
 Train employees on cybersecurity 
 Employees should be provided with comprehensive training on handling sensitive data, the features available in tools provided, and how best to use them. This kind of training will help them understand their responsibilities and remain productive. 
 Maintain helpdesk support services 
 It helps to maintain a 24*7 help desk support services for the remote workforce to address any technical or functional issue. This helpdesk support service should be able to troubleshoot and answer questions remotely. 
 Manage the team with empathy 
 A survey by Buffer reveals that remote employees grapple to unplug from work, tackle loneliness, and have problems with collaborating with their team. Organizations must address these social elements and use technology to overcome these challenges during a pandemic. Managers can plan one-on-one meetings or team meetings through video conferencing. They can also arrange for brainstorming sessions to generate ideas. 
 Wrap up 
 Implementing effective work-from-home policies is slowly but surely becoming the new normal. The above-mentioned aspects and best practices will help organizations in the seamless transition of their workforce to the remote working environment. This information will also provide you with a deeper understanding of the significance of maintaining productivity tools and data security for the remote workforce. 
 Standard 
 Posted by 
 Worksnaps 
 Posted on 
 October 21, 2019 
 Posted under 
 Company Blog ,  General Blog ,  Product Blog 
 Comments 
 Leave a comment 
 Are you suited to be a remote worker? 
 Do we need traditional office spaces anymore? Because remote work statistics and research prove we don’t. 
 A  2015 study by Stanford University  pointed out the benefits of employees working remotely — such as less time spent commuting, lower costs, and greater autonomy. Over the years, experts have given advice on how to be more productive at home, and on remote work trends. 
 But what about the actual, on-the-job requirements? What do professionals need to do to succeed as remote workers? And are companies investing in these employees just as much as their on-site counterparts? How much training do remote workers get, and how is this remote workforce training delivered?  This survey answers all these burning questions. 
 We took a peek inside the notebooks of 450 remote workers. 
 We asked remote workers how they work on a daily basis. We used their responses to reveal some new remote work statistics that portray the state of global employment. 
 We also used our data and answers provided by remote workers to create a quiz and help you determine whether you’re suited to be a remote worker. Fingers crossed you are! 
 As of 2019, the number of companies with remote workforce is getting bigger —  66% of companies allow remote work and 16% are fully remote . 
 Time to know if you’re suited to join them, and how to do it. 
 Remote work: What is it? 
 Remote work comes in different forms. There are people who work remotely a few days a week, and others whose companies are hundreds of miles away, so their entire work is remote. 
 No matter its rising popularity, remote work is still in its infancy. So, businesses are still testing different models to see which ones work for them. 
 In this survey, we defined remote workers as those who  work at least 3 days a week remotely  and  only have one employer at the moment . 
 Remote workforce training: Viable, popular, valuable. 
 Businesses are investing in training now more than ever. For instance,  Siemens invests $500 million a year in employee training . Training remote workers cannot be an exception. 
 In fact,  87% of remote workers get regular training  , with 70% receiving it directly from their company. And, as for those who do want training but their company doesn’t provide it, they choose and pay for courses they find online. 
 No matter who pays for training, it seems like remote workers want more of it. 
 Sixty-seven percent of remote workers say they need more work-related training, and it comes as no surprise that 85% receive it online. 
 More specifically,  50% take online courses, 22% use their mobile phones to learn, and 13% attend webinars. 
 Fifteen percent receive training by attending seminars. 
 Whether you  want to onboard  or  train them  in regular intervals, remote employees work in a completely different way. Do you want to know how?  Keep reading to find out. 
 Remote work: A business life choice. 
 Remote work is gaining popularity. And not just because more businesses understand what remote work is and decide to run without a physical office. 
 So,  85% of remote workers say that remote work was their decision  because they wanted more flexibility, to make their own hours, and to live a carefree lifestyle. 
 But do they get what they want? 
 Flexible and remote: A big, fat myth. 
 Sixty percent  of respondents have to follow a 9-5, 5-days-a-week work schedule. How’s that more flexible than an on-site, average job? 
 Regardless, working wrapped up in a blanket, in your PJs, is far cozier. 
 This could be the reason only  20% of those who work from the comfort of their own home  would rather go back to working in a company office. 
 A day in the life: Profiling the home office scouts . 
 Let’s take a more extensive look at our remote work survey statistics and demographics. 
 Most of our remote workers are women (58%), married (46%) with no children (41%), and an income between $25,000 and $80,000, earned by working remotely in the US.  Thirty-nine percent are university graduates and 20% have finished high school. 
 Seventy percent of employees working remotely are between 25 and 44 years old. Of course, as the age rose, both income and educational background rose as well. This finding alone suggests that remote workers advance naturally within their company — exactly as if they worked on site. 
 Our respondents come from many different industries, and they’re all employed for wages. For the record,  72% found their jobs online  , with Indeed, LinkedIn, and Glassdoor taking the first three places. 
 Contrary to popular belief, only  28% of our remote workers describe themselves as introverts . Thirty-eight percent identify themselves as ambiverts and 34% as extroverts. 
 When they feel lonely, 43% use communication apps, 37% visit the office, and only 15% work from a public space. 
 Apps: Combating 9-5 loneliness. 
 The general feeling of loneliness remote workers might feel became more obvious when we asked them about the tools they use the most.  Three out of the top 4 apps they use are all about communication  — either with their team or their friends. 
 With 14%, Dropbox is the first non-communication tool remote workers use. With only 3%, Trello is the second one. 
 Other apps remote workers use include Asana, Zoom, Evernote, as well as apps made by their company. 
 Loners: Productivity freaks . 
 Some remote workers might feel lonely, but almost no one feels unproductive. 
 Ninety percent feel they get more work done when working remotely.  To boost their productivity, they’ve worked on skills like  organization, communication, and time management. 
 But what about staying focused? 
 Noise: The sound of remote work . 
 Spending most of their time in front of a computer, remote workers rely on their ears to stay focused. Twenty-five percent work with their TV on to feel like someone is talking in the background (hello again, 9-5 loneliness), while  21% focus in silence . 
 As for the music they like? Forty-two percent work with music on, whether meditative or loud, and 11% prefer new-age, ambient sounds. 
 Home tour: Where do remote workers really work from? 
 Most remote workers want to keep working from home. Do you want proof of that? Take a look at their floor plan. Most of our respondents have invested in creating a special, dedicated space to work from. 
 More specifically, 31% work in a home office; a finding which proves remote workers are, indeed, changing the  housing market  and help the  home office furniture market grow . 
 In any case, looks like remote workers need a separate,  distraction-free space to increase remote work productivity, gather their thoughts, and work. 
 Satisfaction and remote work: A love story. 
 As for what the future of working from home holds,  35% of remote workers want to work more days remotely, while 16% want to go freelance someday and work with multiple employers. 
 However, 6 in 10 remote workers would like their job less if they had to say goodbye to their home office and visit their company every day to do the exact same job. 
 Remote work: Highly recommended. 
 The truth is that word of mouth favors remote working.  A lot. 
 A whopping 88% of those surveyed would recommend a remote work career to a person they love and care about. 
 Go ahead and ask a remote worker you are friends with. You must know one or two.  And if you don’t, with this growing pace of change, you’ll definitely meet one in the near future. 
 Do you have what it takes to be a remote worker? 
 As part of the TalentLMS Remote Work Survey, we asked our respondents to pick the most important skills a successful remote worker should master.  Some of them include: 
 
 Time management 
 Organizational skills 
 Communication 
 Self-discipline 
 
 After combining the data, and remote work statistics aside, we created this  quiz  to help you determine whether you are a good fit for a remote work career. 
 This article was originally published on  Talentlms.com  , a super-easy, cloud LMS to train your employees, partners and customers. It is fully customizable to your own needs, with simple and comprehensible analytics about everything that happens inside your eLearning environment. You can create your eLearning portal with TalentLMS in just 30", here:  https://www.talentlms.com/create 
 Search 
 What people say 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Remote Work Digest: December 31, 2020 
 Remote Work Digest: November 29, 2020 
 Remote Work Digest: October 30, 2020 
 Remote Work Digest: September 30, 2020 
 Remote Work Digest: July 28, 2020 
 Remote Work Digest: June 30, 2020 
 Remote Work Digest: May 29, 2020 
 Remote Work Digest: April 28, 2020 
 Remote Work Digest: March 31, 2020 
 Remote Work Digest: February 28, 2020 
 
 Archives 
 
 December 2020 
 November 2020 
 October 2020 
 September 2020 
 July 2020 
 June 2020 
 May 2020 
 April 2020 
 February 2020 
 January 2020 
 December 2019 
 November 2019 
 October 2019 
 June 2019 
 May 2019 
 April 2019 
 March 2019 
 February 2019 
 January 2019 
 December 2018 
 November 2018 
 October 2018 
 September 2018 
 August 2018 
 July 2018 
 June 2018 
 May 2018 
 April 2018 
 March 2018 
 February 2018 
 January 2018 
 December 2017 
 November 2017 
 October 2017 
 September 2017 
 August 2017 
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 March 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 June 2012 
 
 Categories 
 
 Company Blog  (13) 
 General Blog  (82) 
 Product Blog  (29) 
 Uncategorized  (2) 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
