We use cookies to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyze our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. You consent to our cookies if you continue to use our website. View our updated  Cookies & Privacy Policy  to learn more. 
 I Agree 
 
 
  workforolympia.com  
 
 
  __Who We Are 
 
 
  __Career Path 
 
 
  __Awards & Accolades  
 
 
  __Jobs 
 
 
  Privacy Policy  
 
 
  Contact Us  
 
 
  theolympiacompanies.com  
   
  Search Jobs  
 Room Attendants 
 Westlake, OH 
 About the Property 
 The Hyatt Place Crocker Park anchors the award-winning Crocker Park lifestyle development, featuring townhomes, apartments, retail, dining, and commercial office buildings. By joining our team, you are at the center of it all! Thoughtful, personalized, and attentive style drives us to provide award-winning, Hyatt Place Hotel of the Year, service. 
 Fun is our favorite value that we live by each day. By balancing the human need of enjoying the environment we work with ensuring we professionally take care of ourselves and each other, we create a positive, caring and service-minded culture that is felt by every guest that comes through our building and keeps coming back. 
 To become a part of our awesome team, please complete the employment form below and share a bit about yourself with us and why you would thrive in our hotel. 
 Job Description 
 Skills Required: 
 Provide high-level customer service, communicate effectively with guests and team members, follow instructions, ability to learn quickly, pay attention to detail, and maintain composure when working under pressure. 
 Experience / Education:  **** 
 Prior housekeeping/cleaning experience and customer service experience preferred. 
 
 Physical Demands: 
 This is a very physically demanding job that requires extended periods of walking, standing, bending, lifting, twisting and kneeling. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. (See Physical Requirements section for detailed information). 
 
 Location 
 Hyatt Place Crocker Park 
2020 Crocker Road Westlake 
Westlake OH, 44145 
 (+1)440-871-3100 
 Job Overview 
 TITLE:  Room Attendants 
 DEPARTMENT:  Housekeeping 
 FT/PT:  Full Time 
 __   Download Job Listing 
 Apply Now 
 To apply for this job, please use the form below 
 Email * 
 Name * 
 Phone Number 
 Message * 
 Resume 
 Please upload your resume here. Allowed files: .doc, .docx, .pdf. 
 Are You Human? * 
