
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Senior Electrical Engineer 
 Harvard University Campus Services 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Senior Electrical Engineer 
 Harvard University Campus Services 
 [](mailto:?subject=Senior%20Electrical%20Engineer&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/13935987/senior-electrical-engineer/ "Email")  
 Application 
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 September 26, 2020 
 Location: 
 USA - MA - Cambridge 
 __ Show Map 
 Salary: 
 Open 
 Type: 
 Full-time 
 Summary 
This position provides electrical engineering at a senior level for the planning, design, operation, maintenance, and repair of the University's utility infrastructure which includes electric, steam, and chilled water as well as energy management and utility metering systems. This position shall also perform special short and long-range projects as directed. 
 
 
 Plan, develop, and implement the installation and modification of campus utility systems. Coordinate with the plans and needs of the University's Schools and Units. Engineer and oversee the installation and relocation of underground utility infrastructure with minimum impact to the University's community and its activities. Assume complete engineering responsibility for utility distribution systems to ensure system capability, flexibility, reliability, safety, economic operation, and consideration for expansion. Formulate and balance long and short-range plans and budgets with respect to utility distribution upgrades. Develop distribution system statistics, records, and drawings, and assist in the documentation of utility infrastructure for record purposes. 
 
 
 Maintain communications and relationships with governmental agencies/departments to ensure that the University's interests are served in a safe, reliable, economical, and least disruptive manner. Stay current with pertinent government standards relative to employee environmental, health, and safety. Maintain knowledge of federal, state, municipal, industry, and University codes, regulations, practices, trends, and/or guidelines as well as stay current with the latest information on electrical design and equipment. 
 
 
 Provide technical assistance to Campus Services operating and maintenance personnel and technical support for the operation and maintenance of central utility distribution systems and building systems as necessary. Evaluate and provide recommendations for preventive maintenance programs for the University's electrical distribution systems, the central chilled water and steam plants, and other electrical systems and equipment. Identify and develop cost control opportunities and system cost planning. 
 
 
 Interface with local utility suppliers. Assist in the University's utility metering, accounting, and billing activities. Perform utility rate analyses and evaluate impacts upon the University. Evaluate and recommend appropriate action to provide alternative utility sources to or within the University whenever economically feasible or otherwise justified. Evaluate energy management system operations for improvement and enhancement possibilities for control and monitoring of the campus utility distribution system and building distribution systems. 
 
 
 Coordinate with other Campus Services divisions to formulate the best delivery of services to the University's Schools and Units. Explore with the other Campus Services divisions possible new business opportunities within the University and help formulate business strategies. Assist in the formulation and implementation of new departmental policies and procedures to improve the delivery of engineering, operational, utility accounting, and maintenance services and planning. 
 
 
 Develop, negotiate, and manage the delivery of engineering and project management services for various projects relative to the utility infrastructure. Prepare and review technical and legal portions of bid and contract documents. Interface with architects, engineers, contractors, consultants and University representatives to coordinate and manage projects for best implementation and minimum disruption to the University's community and its activities. Responsible for budgeting and monitoring the function and expenditures for the various utility projects for the Schools and Units. 
 
 
 Responsibilities (continued): ​ 
 7. Study and evaluate electrical building systems for all Harvard facilities and departments. Involvement includes but is not limited to the installation, operation, and maintenance of normal and emergency lighting, distribution systems, fire alarm, specialized research and test equipment, and HVAC controls. Interface with representatives from the Schools and Units to coordinate their projects with campus-wide utility projects. Incorporate the impacts of projects for the Schools and Units into the budgets and work scope of the University's utility capital plan. 
 8. Review and upgrade project specifications and drawings for electrical construction work. Work with representatives, architects, and consultant engineers for the Schools and Units to develop optimum cost and benefits to the campus utility and building systems for new construction and renovation projects. 
 9. Develop an appropriate and effective utility conservation program to reduce the University's energy consumption in support of the University's commitment to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. Examine, evaluate, and make recommendations on conservation proposals and products for the Schools and Units. 
 10. Perform and interpret system short circuit, coordination, and arc flash studies for the University's electrical distribution systems. Recommend settings for electronic and electromechanical system protective relaying. Evaluate and develop system and equipment protective schemes. 
 Salary Grade: 059 
 Union: 00 - Non Union, Exempt or Temporary 
 
 Basic Qualifications 
 
 BS in Electrical Engineering 
 Registration as a Professional Engineer 
 Minimum of ten years of professional level experience 
 Experience in master planning, design, installation, and operation of central utility systems 
 Experience managing capital construction projects 
 
 Technology Skills Required: 
 
 
 Computer skills including word-processing, spreadsheets, and databases 
 
 
 Ability to access and modify data in Computer-Aided Design (CAD) systems including AutoCAD 
 
 
 Familiarity with Supervisory Control and Data Acquisition (SCADA) systems 
 
 
 Ability to access Internet applications and use electronic mail 
 
 
 Institutional, industrial, or utility company experience 
 
 
 Experience working underground electric distribution and medium-voltage substations 
 
 
 Familiarity with small scale power generation 
 
 
 Knowledge of electrical systems in complex buildings and labs 
 
 
 Familiarity with electrical safety regulations including OSHA Subpart S and NFPA 70E 
 
 
 Experience in developing, evaluating, and managing energy conservation projects 
 
 
 Experience working in a customer-oriented business unit 
 
 
 Ability to work well as a team member 
 
 
 Ability to respond to off-hour storm contingencies and utility emergencies 
 
 
 Ability to work extended hours when necessary 
 
 
 Excellent oral and written communication skills 
 
 
 Special Requirements:  Must possess a valid driver's license. 
 Physical Requirements:  Must be physically fit and mentally alert at all times. Must be able to frequently walk up and down stairs, ladders, etc. on an on-going basis, in an industrial plant and/or construction site setting. Must be able to utilize ladders, scaffolds, high-lifts, and enter/work in confined spaces. Required to wear personal protective equipment where necessary. 
 Emergency Status Designation  :  Critical Operations Personnel 
 EQUAL OPPORTUNITY EMPLOYER: We are an equal opportunity employer and all qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
 
 Internal Number: 49215BR 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About Harvard University Campus Services 
 Harvard University is devoted to excellence in teaching, learning, and research, and to developing leaders in many disciplines who make a difference globally. The University, which is based in Cambridge and Boston, Massachusetts, has an enrollment of over 20,000 degree candidates, including undergraduate, graduate, and professional students. Harvard has more than 360,000 alumni around the world. The University has twelve degree-granting Schools in addition to the Radcliffe Institute for Advanced Study, offering a truly global education. Established in 1636, Harvard is the oldest institution of higher education in the United States. 
 Connections working at Harvard University Campus Services 
 More Jobs Like This 
 
 
 
 Transmission Engineer III or Senior 
 __  Moore, Oklahoma 
 
 
 
 
 WFEC 
 __1 Week Ago 
 
 
 VP, Low-Latency Electronic Trading Java Dev Lead (Greenfield Build-out Initiative) - HK 
 __ 
 
 
 Pinpoint Asia Limited 
 __Yesterday 
 
 
 Senior Electrical Engineer 
 __  Salt Lake City, Utah 
 
 
 Doppelmayr USA, Inc. 
 __2 Days Ago 
 
 
 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
