Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 AE - Brand Ambassador (Sales Associate) - Canada 
 American Eagle Outfitters 
 __New Westminster, BC 
 Apply Now 
 BE PART OF SOMETHING REAL 
 YOUR ROLE 
 As a part-time Brand Ambassador, you bring our brand to life every day! Your goal is to provide everyone who comes in the store with an amazing shopping experience, making their day better than before they came in. You are the face of our company and you're proud of it! You love the products and are passionate about building brand loyalty with every guest. Most of all, you represent our company values and bring your REAL self to work every day. 
 YOUR RESPONSIBILITIES 
 You're a people person! You use the AEO Selling Model to engage with every guest to help them find exactly what they're looking for, and you do so with a "friends first" mindset. (What's the AEO Selling Model? Don't worry - we'll teach you everything you need to know!) 
You're passionate about AE & Aerie product! Guests come to you to educate them on product details and you are excited to make product suggestions to fit their needs. 
You share the brand love! You're eager to introduce the AEO loyalty program and additional brand channels to guests. 
You can hang! Your skillset rocks no matter what zone you're in and you can easily flex between the Salesfloor, Cash & Wrap, Fitting Room and Stockroom as needed. 
You're an innovative problem solver! Making your guests' day is your priority and you’re able to proactively resolve guest concerns while sticking to company policy. 
You're a team player - #teamwork! You're always willing to assist your team in #gettingthejobdone. 
You've got integrity! You do the right thing and you always adhere to AEO's policies & procedures. 
 YOU 'D BE GREAT FOR THIS ROLE IF: 
You love interacting with people! 
You're full of energy and can handle multiple tasks in a fast-paced environment. 
You're available to work when guests shop (lookin' at your evenings, weekends & holidays!) 
You love AE and Aerie products. 
You've worked in retail before. #practicemakesperfect 
You're at least 16 years of age. 
 OUR BRAND AMBASSADORS LOVE AEO BECAUSE: 
They work with REAL people - there's nothing like your #AEOFamily. 
They're given opportunities for development, the chance to learn new skills, and are offered great potential for career advancement. 
They receive 40% off product at both AE & Aerie year-round (plus additional seasonal discounts with new Floorsets!) 
They participate in store contests for the chance to win FREE merchandise and other exclusive prizes. 
 AEO is an Equal Opportunity Employer and is committed to complying with all federal and provincial equal employment opportunity and human rights laws. AEO prohibits discrimination against associates and applicants for employment because of the individual's race, national or ethnic origin, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, marital status, family status, disability, a conviction for which a pardon has been granted or any other ground protected by applicable human rights legislation. This applies to all AEO activities, including, but not limited to, recruitment, hiring, compensation, assignment, training, promotion, performance evaluation, discipline and discharge. AEO also provides reasonable accommodation of religion and disability in accordance with applicable law. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
