__ 
 
 
 * [](https://www.facebook.com/workdesignmag)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 Subscribe 
 
    Exploring ideas that shape the places we work. 
 
 
 Projects 
 
 
   Employee Engagement was Key to the Design of New LA Offices 
 
 
   How ASID Achieved Two Firsts From the CRE Perspective 
 
 
   West Elm's Sophisticated, Brand-Celebrating New Brooklyn Headquarters 
 
 
 Project Profiles 
 
 
 Written and Video Case Studies 
 
 
 
 
 Products 
 
   Reimagining the Furniture Selection, Specification, and Procurement Process 
   Price Modern: Multi-Faceted Services to Support Your Workplace 
   Pinnacle Sheds New Light on Creative Options to Provide Wellness in the Workplace 
 
 
 
 Expert Insights 
 
   Whine and Cheese: Change Management Isn’t Always Just About Giving Up Your Office 
   How ASID Achieved Two Firsts From the CRE Perspective 
   Workplace Wisdom from the Frontiers of Science 
 
 
 
 Tips & Trends 
 
   Whine and Cheese: Change Management Isn’t Always Just About Giving Up Your Office 
   Hold That Pen! Think Branding Before - Not After - You Sign a Lease 
   Generation Z: The Largest Percentage of Population 
 
 
 
 Premium 
 
   Being Green Has its Benefits, but Can it Also Boost Productivity? 
   How Measuring Happiness Can Revive Architecture in the Information Age 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Sodexo's Lorna Donatone Talks About the Importance of Culture When You Can't Control the Workspace 
 
 
 
 Events 
 
 
   NeoCon East 2017 in Review 
 
 
   Work Design Talk Atlanta: The Changing Nature of Work and the Workplace 
 
 
   CBRE Furniture Forum 2.0: Reimagining the Management of the Furniture Bidding Process 
 
 
 Event Calendar 
 
 
 Industry Events 
 
 
 Work Design Experiences 
 
 
 Work Design Previews and Recaps 
 
 
 
 
 CEOs Talk Workplace 
 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Interview with Kenn Fine 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Sodexo's Lorna Donatone Talks About the Importance of Culture When You Can't Control the Workspace 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Aaron Hurst on His HQ for Pragmatic Optimists 
 
 
 
 Job board 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 Career Learning Center   Reference Checking   Resume Writing   Coaching   More >> 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to Work Design JOBS 
 Resources 
 Coach Profile 
 | 
Vikram Kapoor, Esq., PCC 
 How will clients benefit with you as their coach? 
 I help young professionals do good and live well in a noisy world, by getting to clearer goals, dealing with people differently, and leveraging their unique strengths. Oftentimes we begin by getting clearer about your passions and purpose, your values, and what makes you special. I also empower leaders to be coaches and thereby help their staff and their organizations to thrive. 
 What results have clients reported after working with you? 
 My clients regularly feel better about career goals, find new opportunities to really stretch themselves, and come to find a certain amount of alignment on what they want and what they need. I help people plan out personal mission statements, develop a "leadership brand," re-engineer their decision-making style or approach to conflict, and any number of other things that pertain to the career of a young professional (primarily Millennials and Gen-Z). 
 What do clients say about working with you? 
 My clients love that I bring in cutting edge research and learning to the conversation. They also often appreciate how I help shift perspective and challenge them to just approach issues from a different frame of mind, including through role play. 
 What is your coaching philosophy? 
 I believe that every client is creative, resourceful, and whole. There's nothing to fix because nothing's broken. I like to spend time on what is working well and how we can leverage that in new areas of life. I will spend some time on "the Achilles Heel - the weakest weakness" but my coaching focuses mainly on strengths, well-being, hope, optimism, resilience and, etc. I am also a facilitative coach - I like to help my clients come up with their own answers, rather than giving them my answers. I do this because I don't believe my answers are always the best answers for my clients, and I want to teach people how to fish. 
 What strengths do you have as a coach? 
 I love to learn. I am skilled at developing people. Gallup Strengthsfinder says I'm also strategic, an arranger, and I'm good at relating with people. All of these strengths allow me to be of most service to my coaching clients. 
 What types of clients do you work with? 
 I like to work with millennials and younger professionals who want to either become subject matter experts in their chosen vocation or to grow into new leadership roles. That said my clientele includes a full range, from entry-level to senior executive. 
 What is your professional background? 
 I am President of Extra-M Coaching and Consulting, with a client list on five continents and every major industry. I am a lawyer and ombuds by background, and my specialty is resolving conflict, facilitating agreements, settling disputes, and promoting better communication among groups. I have been coaching for many years now and am a member of the Forbes Coaches Council. 
 My other ventures include stints in non-profits that range from educational to humanitarian and I manage coaching programs for the United Nations where I am teaching UN employees how to be coaches in 30 countries. I am also a professor of dispute resolution and have been active as a leader in the American Bar Association, where I helped to promote awareness about executive coaching. 
 Ready To Get Started With Vikram? 
 Order online below. Once your order is received, a member of our team will contact you directly to facilitate the connection to your coach. 
 |   Career Coaching Programs 
 Service  |   What You Get  |   Price  |   Add to Cart 
Three 30-Minute Coaching Sessions  | The Career Coaching service matches individuals with a personal coach--a confidant, champion, and challenger who will help you: 
 
 Gain personalized guidance through job transitions 
 Prepare and navigate through your annual reviews 
 Leverage your behavioral and professional strengths effectively 
 Diagnose reasons for career dissatisfaction 
 Learn how to take action in networking, interviewing, and taking on new opportunities
With Career Coaching you can: 
 Learn how your behavioral style affects those you work with 
 Build a compelling value proposition for a potential employer 
 Manage change more effectively 
 Overcome hurdles that impede success 
 Sustain professional success and maintain balance 
 Get ongoing support through all phases of your career
|  Member: $224.00 
Non Member: $280.00  |  
 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 
 Editorial Calendar 
 
 
 Free Email Newsletter 
 
 
 Sponsors 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Industry Roundups 
 
 
 Work Design TALKS and Events 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 
 Copyright Workspace Design Magazine, LLC DBA Work Design Magazine (2010-2018) 
 Back to top __ 
