Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Specialist, Institutional & Pension Accounting 
 CIBC Mellon 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Company Information: 
At CIBC Mellon, we are passionate about providing excellent client service, an outstanding employee experience, and opportunities to learn and grow professionally. Together, our team of more than 1,300 employees supports and services more than $1.9 trillion in assets under administration on behalf of institutional investors active in Canada, including banks, pension plans, investment funds and insurance companies. CIBC Mellon employees enjoy extensive training and learning opportunities, and a culture that supports employees as they give back to the communities where they live and work. 
 We are a company where employees are encouraged to make their voices heard. We work very hard to deliver outstanding client service, but we also believe in having a little fun along the way; we recognize that new ideas and business success flourish in a culture of collaboration, creativity and employee empowerment. 
 CIBC Mellon employees are engaged, professional and care about each other and their communities. If you're that kind of person, CIBC Mellon is the place you want to be. 
To learn more, watch our employee experience video at www.cibcmellon.com/careers. 
 Position Overview: 
The Specialist, Institutional & Pension Accounting administers the assigned corporate and institutional accounts and provides financial reporting according to predetermined time schedules for the less complex accounts. 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Performs cash transactions for clients by directing funds based on instructions from clients or their agents, researches and reports on account overdrafts in client accounts and analyses daily cash flow activities by reconciling security and cash balances while ensuring deadlines are met. 
 Reports account activity for clients by preparing timely and accurate standard and specialized financial statements and reports. 
 Develops and maintains strong internal and external client relationships by resolving less complex problems and meets deadlines and answers enquiries from clients and their agents regarding account activity. 
 Maintains and updates source documentation and related information by assisting in implementing procedural improvements and system enhancements. 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 Successful completion of post -secondary program with focus on accounting or finance or equivalent training 
 Detail oriented with good analytical and problem solving skills 
 Experience in customer service 
 Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
 
 CIBC Mellon 's Values: 
 Client Focus:  Putting the client at the centre of all that we do 
 Integrity:  Acting with the highest ethical standards for our company, our employees and our clients 
 Teamwork:  Fostering collaboration and diversity to empower employees to build relationships and deliver insights 
 Excellence:  Setting the standard for leading-edge solutions, innovation and continuous improvement 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
