Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Accounting – Associate/Full Professor with Tenure 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 McMASTER UNIVERSITY – The DeGroote School of Business at McMaster University invites applications and nominations for a tenured position in the Accounting and Financial Management Services Area, at the rank of Associate Professor or Full Professor level, beginning July 1, 2019. 
 The Accounting and Financial Management Services Area offers a Ph.D. program in Accounting and a specialization in Accounting and Financial Management Services in the MBA program. The candidate should have outstanding research skills and a passion for teaching to contribute to the life of the Faculty. She/He should be able to contribute to the research, teaching, and administrative responsibilities in the Area. The successful candidate will be expected to contribute to research and scholarship through publications in high-quality journals in accounting and other relevant disciplines. She/He will be expected to teach research seminars in the Ph.D. program, preferably seminar in management accounting research, and supervise Ph.D. students in her/his area(s) of expertise. Additionally, the candidate will teach graduate and undergraduate students in programs offered by the School. There are also opportunities to teach in our Blended Learning Part-time MBA program, and programs for executives including the EMBA, Director’s College and executive education. Preferably, the candidate should have a professional designation in accounting, a CPA, to strengthen the Area’s goal in professional outreach. Salary will be commensurate with academic qualifications, teaching and research record. DeGroote operates at two campuses, the McMaster University main campus in Hamilton, Ontario and a new state- of-the-art facility in nearby Burlington, Ontario. The successful candidate is expected to be active at both locations. 
 The DeGroote School of Business at McMaster University recently adopted a new Strategic Plan with a mission to foster interdisciplinary thinking and evidence-based management to transform business and society. Our vision is to be globally recognized as a leader in research, teaching, and community-building — especially in healthcare management and the management of digital innovation— by 2020. We support a culture that embraces bold, interdisciplinary thinking; drives the creation and application of evidence-based knowledge; and expects collegial activity undertaken with integrity. Three core values underpin all we do: innovation, collaboration and generosity. The DeGroote School of Business strives to create a strong, supportive and collegial research culture, building the research capacity of faculty and graduate students. We are one of six faculties at McMaster and we believe in experiential learning; complementing classroom. The candidate should have a strong research potential and significant teaching capabilities in the Accounting discipline. 
 How To Apply 
 Applications should include a curriculum vita and the names and contact information of three references. Please apply online via the McMaster Academic Careers website (http://www.workingatmcmaster.ca/careers/), (Faculty Postings, Job Opening ID: 22366), directing your application and all supporting documentation to: 
 Y. Lilian Chan, Acting Chair 
Accounting and Financial Management Services Area 
DeGroote School of Business 
McMaster University 
1280 Main St. W., Hamilton, ON L8S 4M4. 
 E-mail:  ylchan@mcmaster.ca 
 Fax:  (905) 521-8995 
 All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and Permanent Residents will be given priority. Applications will be considered by October 15, 2018 or until the position is filled. 
 To comply with the Government of Canada’s reporting requirements, the University is obliged to gather information about applicants’ status as either Permanent Residents of Canada or Canadian citizens. Applicants need not identify their country of origin or current citizenship, however, all applications must include one of the following statements: 
 Yes, I am a citizen or permanent resident of Canada 
 No, I am not a citizen or permanent resident of Canada 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and, within the lands protected by the “Dish with One Spoon” wampum agreement. 
 In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity, diversity and inclusion. While all qualified candidates are invited to apply, we particularly welcome applications from women, persons with disabilities, First Nations, Métis and Inuit peoples, members of visible minorities, and LGBTQ+ persons. Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact the Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247) or the Faculty of Health Sciences Human Resources office at ext. 22207 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
