Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Acupuncture Instructors 
 S-T Acupuncture & Natural Medicine Clinic 
 __Bedford, NS 
 Apply Now 
 Call for Instructors for Acupuncture Diploma Program 
 The Canadian College of Acupuncture a& Traditional Chinese Medicine is a Private Career College approved by the Department of Advanced Education located at 1306 Bedford Hwy, Halifax, Nova Scotia. We are a fast-growing college and have a new Blended Delivery Acupuncture Diploma program and a Natural Nutrition Counsellor Program. 
 More and more students are attending our school to become practitioners to help others. For this reason, we are looking to hire more instructors. The Faculty of Education at the Canadian College of Acupuncture and Traditional Chinese Medicine is currently seeking qualified instructors to teach as part of our Acupuncture Diploma programs. 
 We are hiring instructors within the three streams offered in the Acupuncture Diploma program: 
 
 Three-Year Acupuncture Diploma (onsite) 
 Two-Year Intensive Acupuncture Diploma (onsite) 
 Blended Delivery Acupuncture Diploma (remote delivery / online instruction) 
 
 Instructors are being sought for and all streams of the program. Courses are currently taught in class, online or blended. We are currently seeking instructors for the following terms: 
Winter and Spring 2021 - January 2021 to June 30, 2021 
New School Year - September 2021 to June 2022 
Qualifications 
 Instructors selected for this program will be expected to possess the following: 
 
 Appropriate educational qualifications: a Diploma of Acupuncture or a Diploma of Traditional 
 
 Chinese Medicine is required, with 24 months working experience as an Acupuncturist; 
 
 Appropriate educational qualifications: a Diploma of Acupuncture or a Diploma of Traditional 
 
 Chinese Medicine with any Bachelor degree, and with 12 months working experience as an 
Acupuncturist; 
 
 Teaching experience is preferred with fluency in English; 
 Experience with instructing using the Zoom and Moodle Learning Management System is 
 
 preferred; 
 
 Instructors must be able to meet the qualifications set out by the Private Career Colleges 
 
 Division of the Nova Scotia Department of Labour and Advanced Education; 
 
 A history of working in a team-oriented instructional environment is preferred. 
 
 If you have skills in administration and marketing, CCATCM may be able to offer a fulltime 
position combing teaching and assisting the Dean of Acupuncture. 
 Interested applicants must provide: 
1. A cover letter or statement of interest in teaching, that specifies the courses of interest. 
2. A copy of your most recent CV, noting experience and education by Month and Year. 
Interested applicants will submit applications to the Faculty of Education to the attention of Lucy Griffiths, Dean of Acupuncture at acup at eastlink . ca and administration at ccatcm . ca 
If you need any assistance, you may also contact administration at ccatcm.ca 
We thank all applicants in advance for their interest in being an instructor for CCATCM however, 
only successful applicants will be contacted. 
All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Contract 
 Salary: $26,681.00-$32,610.00 per year 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 
 Experience: 
 
 teaching: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 First Aid Certification (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 YES_OCCASIONALLY 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
