__ 
   
 __ 
   
 
 
 Find a Job 
 
 
 Who’s Hiring 
 
 
 Start Hiring 
 
 
 Jobseeker Login 
 
 
 Employer Login 
 
 
 Post a job 
 
 
   twitter 
 
 
   linkedin 
 
 
 Find a Job 
 
 
 Who’s Hiring 
 
 
 Start Hiring 
 
 
 Jobseeker Login 
 
 
 Employer Login 
 
 
 Post a job 
 
 
 Search 
   
 How to Write a Remote Job Post 
 Job posts are the most important element of the hiring process. That might sound like an exaggeration but remember that they’re the first point of contact between you and job seekers. They set the tone for everything that comes after, so you should invest some time into making sure you’ve got them just right. Here are four tips on how to write a great remote job post! 
 Avoid Fuzzy Job Titles 
 Every year boring old job titles get replaced with fresh new ones that signal your organization is cool and untraditional and looking to the future. They’re a good option for hiring extreme generalists for undefined roles that will change as the organization grows. But as tempting as it can be to opt for trendy job titles, it’s best to stick with the tried and true. 
 Because these trendy titles don’t tend to last, you’ve saddled great employees with an inexplicable entry on their resume. You’ve also made it harder for your awesome new hires to live up to your expectations – because you’ve avoided setting them. 
 Traditional job titles have built in SEO and credibility with candidates. They search for “marketing manager” more often than they search for “relationship happiness expert”. They know what those traditional titles mean, and when they’re applying, they have confidence that they’ll be a good fit. 
 Clearly Outline the Job 
 Job posts are ads. They’re meant to be easily digestible teasers that attract top job seekers. Unlike job descriptions, which are internal, living documents that cover all aspects of the job, your job posts should cover only the highlights. Include a short description of the role, its primary duties, and the most important skills and experiences you’ll be looking for in job seekers. 
 Writing good job posts is a different skill than writing good job descriptions. If you don’t have any experience in writing what is essentially ad copy, you might want to tap your marketing team for some tips. 
 Avoid Biased Language 
 This one sounds obvious, but it can be more subtle thank you think. Of course, you should avoid racist or obviously gendered language, but you should also closely examine your word choices. What does it imply about your company culture if you say you’re looking for “ninjas”? Would you ever use the term “feisty” in a job post? Why not? 
 We all have unconscious biases, but they have no place in the hiring process. Try using  Gender Decoder  to  pick out some of the bias in your existing posts. Apply those insights to improve your post, and then have a colleague read over your job post and ask them what they think the ideal candidate looks like. Did your job post imply that you were looking for a specific age of candidate? Or that you weren’t welcoming to parents? 
 Define What Remote Means to You 
 Remote work  can mean many things, so make sure you define it clearly in your job post. Is the position remote friendly but based normally based in office? Will it be part time in office, part time from home? And importantly, will it require travel? Defining just how remote the position is will save you and job seekers a lot of time. People who are exclusively looking for full time remote jobs probably won’t entertain a mostly in-office job. Likewise, people who are used to working from home may not be up for extensive travel. 
 It’s also a good idea to make it clear what locations you can hire from. If you don’t have a local legal entity where the candidate lives, you won’t be able to hire them as employees without the use of an Employer of Record service. 
 Do you have some tips for writing great remote job posts? Share them in the comments! 
 Twitter Facebook Linkedin Pinterest email 
 Employers 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 You must be  logged in  to post a comment. 
 Job Alerts 
 Subscribe 
 By clicking this button, you consent to receive emails about new jobs that relate to your search criteria. Remember: you can cancel these email alerts at any time. 
 __Thank you for signing up! 
 Job Categories 
 
   Staffing & Recruiting 
   IT Architecture 
   Big Data Analytics 
   Media & Publishing 
   DevOps 
   E-Commerce 
   App Development 
   Networking 
   Civil Engineering 
   Manufacturing 
   Biotech & Pharma 
   Sales 
   Energy 
   IT Consulting & Pre-Sales 
 Marketing 
   Financial Services 
 Finance 
 Education 
   Wireless & Telecom 
   Content Marketing 
   Legal Services 
   Virtualization 
   Cloud Computing 
   IT Security 
   Non-Profit Organization 
 Human Resources 
   Consumer Goods 
   ERP Solutions 
   Management Consulting 
   Software Sales 
   IT Support 
   Renewables 
   Point of Sale Solutions 
 Construction 
 
 __ 
 Contract Type 
 
 Analyst 
 Architecture 
 Customer support 
 Data Science 
 Design 
 DevOps 
 Engineering 
 ERP Consulting 
 Full Time 
 Part Time 
 Product Management 
 QA & Testing 
 Research 
 Software 
 
 
 (C) 2021 WorkTheNorth | Powered by  Careerleaf Job Board Software 
 v.3.5.28-67-g06e5c43 
 
 The View from Everywhere 
 Privacy Policy 
 Terms and Conditions 
 About Us 
 Contact Us 
 
 __ 
 We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok 
