Skip to primary content 
 Skip to secondary content 
 mater matrix mother and medium 
 a process-based temporary public art installation by multi-disciplinary artist Mandy Greer 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 About the project 
 
 About Mandy Greer 
 
 CV 
 
 
 How you can join in! 
 
 Crocheting Events! 
 
 
 Performance and Artist-in-Residence Info 
 Thanks for contributing! 
 
 
 contact 
 Images 
 MMMM Film 
 Shop 
 
 Tag Archives: Jessica Jobaris 
 This weekend: Community Crochet at Northwest Folklife Festival 
 Posted on  May 24, 2012  by   Mandy Greer 
 Reply 
 COMMUNITY CROCHET WORKSHOPS: May 25 – 28, 2012, 1-4pm everyday, Northwest Folklife Festival  at the Seattle Center, Next Fifty Plaza Activity Tent ( HUGE white tent just west of the  EMP ) 
 Catch me this last weekend to participate in my on-going project  Mater Matrix Mother and Medium  as it returns to Seattle Center for more Community Crochet Workshops and the final weekend to see the re-envisioned installation! 
 
 'Saltus Chori Aevum' performance for the MMMM Project, by Rodrigo Valenzuela 
 Participate! Fri. 5/25 - Mon. 5/28, 1-4pm 
 Help create the artwork at Seattle Center at several crochet workshops during Folklife in the Next 50 Plaza Activity tent, just west of the EMP. I will teach beginners how to crochet chains and add onto the ever-evolving artwork. Expert crocheters welcome, too!  All materials provided, but contributions of recycled fibers and yarns welcome, in any shade of blue! 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Share 
 
 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  Next 50 ,  Uncategorized ,  upcoming crochet events  |  Tagged  Folklife ,  Jessica Jobaris ,  learn to crochet! ,  Next 50 ,  Office of Arts and Cultural Affairs ,  Rodrigo Valenzuela ,  Seattle Center ,  upcoming crochet events  |   Leave a reply 
 MMMM Performance Collaborators 
 Posted on  April 30, 2012  by   Mandy Greer 
 Reply 
 _Mater Matrix Mother and Medium 's _  new multi-media performance  “Saltus Chori Aevum”  is almost here, and I am awash in realizing what a great pleasure it has been the past few months of collaborating with some very generous, humble and talents artists: choreographer/dancer  Jessica Jobaris , performance artist/vocalist  Saskia Delores , harpist/poet  Monica Schley  and filmaker  Rodrigo Valenzuela . My initial seed for this project was to bring several people together who don't work together, haven't worked together, but all of whose work I feel incredibly drawn into, like I am disappearing into a well of deep water.  So it has been an experiment, throwing people together and seeing what happens.  There is rawness, and refinement and some intense crystalline moments of people making work that they wouldn't be making on their own. It has been a feast of influences to be a part of the creation of performance, and I believe it will be a feast of sensations to experience as a viewer. The creation of MMMM, the entire project, has always been about celebrating process over end-product; the crocheting has a life of its own as it grows and is impacted upon by the environment. And I see this performance blooming out of that same process. 
 Also, please take a moment to watch Rodrigo's film Diamond Box, which is up for the Vimeo documentary awards, and  Vote for it here ! Voting ends tomorrow April 30th. 
 Share this: 
 
 Share 
 
 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  Inspiration and Influences ,  Next 50 ,  Performance ,  Uncategorized  |  Tagged  Jessica Jobaris ,  Next 50 ,  Performance ,  Rodrigo Valenzuela ,  Seattle Center  |   Leave a reply 
 Premier of “Saltus Chori Aevum”, the new MMMM multi-media performance, May 5th & 6th, 2012, 7pm 
 Posted on  April 26, 2012  by   Mandy Greer 
 5 
 
 film still by Rodrigo Valenzuela 
 It's almost here: the new MMMM performance! You don't want to miss this and have only two chances! I am so grateful for my collaborators and I have learned so very much from all of them as they have helped me stretch my abilities at creative direction. Please come celebrate our efforts and join us May 5th and 6th. Free to all. 
 
 film still by Rodrigo Valenzuela 
 Mater Matrix Mother and Medium 2012 Performance, 
 **May 5 th and 6th ** 
 7pm at the Seattle Center 
 "Mandy Greer’s ongoing  Mater Matrix Mother and Medium  project  premiers a new multi-media performance entitled  “Saltus Chori Aevum” , all words in Latin that mean “passage” but in very different forms, from the passage of time, to a passage in music, to a passage in the landscape. 
 Led by the three female figures of the Moirai – the Spinner, the Allotter and the Unturnable – this experiential performance delves into how simultaneous and conflicting states of being function in collusion. Referencing the transformational ability of water to slip between three states, and the spectrum of impact water has on the human drama -from tranquility all the way to devastation- the performance will interweave rites of passage into an investigation of the sometimes-contradictory predicament of being both an individual and a member of a group. 
 You are invited to join the performance by choosing your “Fate”, by meeting a performer at one of  three sites at the Seattle Center at 7pm -either the Kobe Bell, the Poetry Garden or the northwest corner of the Key Arena outside the building . You will be led in procession to the Dupen Fountain in the Alki Courtyard, to the site of Mandy Greer’s  Mater Matrix Mother and Medium  installation and a video-scape created by filmmaker Rodrigo Valenzuela. 
 
 film still by Rodrigo Valenzuela 
 Created in collaboration by Greer, choreographer/dancer  Jessica Jobaris , performance artist/vocalist  Saskia Delores , harpist/poet  Monica Schley , dancer Andrea Ives and video artist  Rodrigo Valenzuela . The performers, working together or apart, traverse the landscape, coaxing out the thin space between manual labor and contemplative practice. Small acts of menial work -- washing, cleaning, caretaking, spinning, weaving -- are revealed as thresholds to states of transformation, exploring the dual role of water in the mundane and the mystical. 
 
 film still by Rodrigo Valenzuela 
 Presented by  The Seattle Office of Arts & Cultural Affairs  and Commissioned by  Seattle Public Utilities 1% for Art . MMMM celebrates and interprets the splendor of Seattle’s urban watersheds and encourages stewardship, especially as it connects to SPU's work. MMMM performance and installation is sponsored by the Seattle Center Foundation’s  Next 50 program of events , during Sustainable Futures month. " 
 
 Creative Direction, Installation, Costumes: Mandy Greer 
 Choreography: Jessica Jobaris 
 Vocals, Mixing, Co-production: Saskia Delores 
 Harp, Vocals, Arrangement: Monica Schley 
 Video, contributing sound design: Rodrigo Valenzuela 
 The Three Moirai: Jessica Jobaris, Saskia Delores, Monica Schley 
 The Two Supplicants: Andrea Ives and Mandy Greer 
 
 Where to meet to begin the Performance at the Seattle Center: Either The Kobe Bell, or The Poetry Garden or the northwest corner of the Key Arena. 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Share 
 
 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  Next 50 ,  Uncategorized  |  Tagged  Andrea Ives ,  Jessica Jobaris ,  Monica Schley ,  Next 50 ,  Office of Arts and Cultural Affairs ,  Performance ,  Rodrigo Valenzuela ,  Saskia Delores ,  Seattle Center ,  Seattle Public Utilities  |   5  Replies 
 Support MMMM! Buy the Book! 
   
 Mater Matrix M... 
 Mandy Greer's on-go... 
 By Mandy Greer 
   
 Book Preview 
 Originally commissioned by the Seattle Office of Arts & Cultural Affairs using the Seattle Public Utilities 1% for Art Funds. 
 A Huge Thank You to 'MMMM Goes to NYC, 2011' Donors! 
 Robert Andrew Shavin, Eric John Olson, Mike and Jess, Jennifer Zwick, matthew p greer, Kathleen Peterson, Catherine Hubert, Laura Becker, Maggie and Max Dean, Katy Stone, Cameron Anne Mason, Mirna Mujacic, Amy Gembala, Charra Fulton, Amanda Valdez, Sandy Dial, Katha Dalton, Marie Gagnon, Nell Gross, Allie Manch, Julia Cole, Margaret Orth, Denise Girardin, Cheryl dos Remedios, Keely Isaak Meehan, Anna Lord, Wyly Astly, Ken Turner, Sierra Stinson, Joy Prescott, Klara Glosova, Robin Kiley, Erika Mock, Amy Margolis, Ellen Frye, Martha Worthley, Dick Law, Gerri Sayler, Rebecca Rabideau, Jennifer Borges Foster, Loraine Wolff, Inna Peck, Tessa Hulls, Nancy Leith, Kim Rebecca, Virginia Fitzgerald, Dave Margolis, Loring Resler 
 Mater Matrix Mother and Medium (by Mandy Greer) 
 
 Promote Your Page Too 
 Follow MMMM on Twitter 
 Error: Please make sure the Twitter account is  public . 
 Categories 
 
 "Water Calling"  (4) 
 4Culture SITE SPECIFIC  (2) 
 Agnes Scott College  (4) 
 BAM ARTSfair  (4) 
 Camp Long  (10) 
 Cathedral St. John the Divine - The Value of Water  (5) 
 connect  (3) 
 Inspiration and Influences  (10) 
 Installation Images  (12) 
 Issaquah  (2) 
 Kent Earthworks  (1) 
 MMMM Film  (4) 
 News and Events  (1) 
 Next 50  (9) 
 Ohge Ltd.  (3) 
 past events  (14) 
 Performance  (10) 
 Press  (4) 
 process  (9) 
 Seattle's urban creeks  (1) 
 Uncategorized  (3) 
 upcoming crochet events  (24) 
 upcoming events  (8) 
 
 
 
 "Still Water" 
 "Water Calling" 
 4Culture 
 AFTA 
 Agnes Scott College 
 artists 
 Arts-in-Nature 
 BAM ARTSfair 
 Britta Johnson 
 Broadview Library 
 Camp Long 
 Cascade Bicycle Club 
 Cathedral St. John the Divine 
 clootie well 
 Columbia 
 Columbia City Gallery 
 community 
 de-installation 
 Delridge 
 Discovery Park 
 donations 
 Douglass-Truth 
 Earth Day 
 fabric 
 Facebook 
 flickr 
 Greenwood-Phinney 
 hands working 
 Haruko Nishimura 
 High Point Library 
 Ian Lucero 
 images 
 inspiration 
 installation 
 Issaquah 
 Jennifer Zwick 
 Jessica Jobaris 
 John Grade 
 Kent Earthworks 
 LAST EVENT 
 learn to crochet! 
 MMMM Film 
 Morgan Henderson 
 Morgan Junction Festival 
 Next 50 
 NYC 
 Office of Arts and Cultural Affairs 
 Ohge Ltd. 
 Pacific Standard 
 past crochet events 
 Performance 
 pictures 
 Press 
 process 
 Rodrigo Valenzuela 
 Seattle Art Museum Family Programs 
 Seattle Center 
 Seattle Libraries 
 Seattle Public Utilities 
 Seattle Summer Streets 
 SITE SPECIFIC 
 Skacel Yarns 
 Stokley Towles 
 Sustainable Wallingford 
 Sustainable West Seattle Festival 
 SuttonBeresCuller 
 The End 
 title 
 Twitter 
 upcoming crochet events 
 urban wilderness 
 West Seattle 
 Youngstown Cultural Arts Center 
 Zoe Scofield 
 Zuster Sweostor Systir 
 
 Share your photos of MMMM! 
 If you've visited MMMM installation or performance and have taken pictures, please share them at  www.flickr.com/groups/matermatrixmothermedium 
 Flickr Photos 
 
  More Photos  
 Newsletter Signup  | 
 
 ---|--- 
 
 Search 
 Recent Posts 
 
 MMMM @ BAM until September 15th! 
 NEWS AND EVENTS 
 Crochet pools coming in! Not too late to join in! 
 Directions for those wanting to join in MMMM this summer! 
 Looking for crocheters from around the country (and globe) to join in the MMMM project this summer! 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 Mandy Greer  on  Directions for those wanting t… 
 
 
 
 
 bonnie greer on  Directions for those wanting t… 
 
 
 
 James on  Looking for crocheters from ar… 
 
 
 
 
 Happy Birthday Wordp…  on  Directions for those wanting t… 
 
 
 James on  Looking for crocheters from ar… 
 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 August 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 January 2012 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 
 August 2010 
 July 2010 
 June 2010 
 April 2010 
 January 2010 
 November 2009 
 October 2009 
 September 2009 
 August 2009 
 July 2009 
 June 2009 
 May 2009 
 April 2009 
 March 2009 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
