Work With Craft 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 Professionals 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Our Plans 
 
 
 __  Post Job 
 
 
 __  Sign Up 
 
 
 __  Log In 
 
 
 __Menu 
 Lead Front-end Engineer REMOTEPERMANENT 
 Job Description 
 About the Position and Imarc 
 Imarc is looking for a creative and passionate lead front-end engineer to join our team. We are a digital agency headquartered in Amesbury, MA. For 20+ years, we've been steadily growing and creating high quality, award winning web applications, branding, and marketing solutions for companies across all industries. This is a unique opportunity to work with clients like JetBlue, RedBull, Marriott, and many more. 
 The ideal candidate has at least 4 years of front-end experience, and is looking for an opportunity to grow and own the front-end of any given project. As a lead, you'll work with clients from start-to-finish on new site builds, and head up a number of high-profile retainer projects. We are a highly-collaborative team, so you'll need strong communication skills as you'll work closely with designers, UX professionals, marketers, and other developers on a variety of projects. 
 While we would love to have you work at our Amesbury, MA, office (post-pandemic), we are open to remote employees located throughout the US. 
 Skills We're Looking For 
 As a Front-end Engineer, we want you to be passionate about the end-user experience across all of your projects. Focusing on UX and staying up-to-date with the latest techniques and trends is key. You might be a great fit if you enjoy the following: 
 
 Translating design comps into HTML, CSS, etc. 
 Writing semantic markup from scratch. 
 Writing organized CSS (we utilize SASS heavily); Bootstrap (or other framework) experience is a plus. 
 Learning the latest trends with JavaScript; experience with Vue.js or React a plus. 
 Experience working with Content Management Systems a plus; experience with Craft CMS gets you extra brownie points. 
 Teaching peers about new tricks, methodology, and standards. 
 Juggling multiple projects while mentoring and supporting fellow front-end engineers. 
 Contributing reusable code to internal libraries. 
 Working with UI designers to extend design patterns throughout a project. 
 Putting yourself in the end-user's shoes and making improvements during the build phase – such as addressing accessibility concerns, adding micro-copy and helper text, or throwing in some sizzle and subtle animations. 
 Generally making the web a better place. 
 
 What Imarc Offers 
 This is a great opportunity to work with other engineers, UX professionals, and designers in a highly collaborative and quality-focused environment. You’ll be able to learn and grow through working on challenging problems across a varied set of projects. 
 We're a stable agency that's been around for over 20 years. We've grown slowly and steadily with very low employee turnover. We've been voted one of Inc. Magazine's best workplaces a couple times. 
 We also offer lots of tangible benefits that you're probably interested in: 
 
 Paid vacation and personal time 
 Attractive benefits package including health and dental coverage 
 Pre-tax Flexible Spending Account (FSA) planning 
 Company-sponsored retirement plan 
 Commitment to your growth with paid conferences, seminars, or relevant college courses. 
 Your choice of laptop, standing desk, and other accessories (like your favorite mechanical keyboard if that's your thing). 
 Flex/Summer Fridays 
 Dog-friendly office 
 A beautiful office in downtown Amesbury, MA. 
 
 How to Apply 
 Hopefully you're actually reading this – we sometimes publish our job listings on other sites, but we REALLY want people to apply here on our BambooHR portal. If you're on another site reading this, click the link to apply: 
 https://imarc.bamboohr.com/hiring/jobs/45 
 This listing is pretty personal. We like that. Feel free to reciprocate with a cover letter as well. 
 Contact Info 
 
 __ 
 
 Company:  Imarc 
 
 __ 
 
 Location:  Amesbury, MA 
 
 __ 
 
 Phone Number:  [978 462 8848](978 462 8848) 
 
 __ 
 
 Email Address: 
 
 __ 
 
 Website:   www.imarc.com 
 __  Posted December 7, 2020 
 Follow Us 
 
 __ 
 __ 
 
 Work With Craft (C) 2021. All Rights Reserved. 
