
 Work at Home FAQ™ 
 A lot of life happens from 9am to 5pm, do you really want to spend it in a cubicle? 
 Primary Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 About 
 Learn 
 Press 
 Reviews 
 Subscribe 
 Ask us anything! 
 
 Search 
 Secondary Menu 
 
 Mystery Shopping Monday 
 Track Your Treasure Tuesday 
 Work at Home Wednesday 
 Talkin' Shop Thursday 
 Fraud Friday 
 
 Our Promise: NO fluff, NO BS, NO scams, NO "get rich quick" schemes... 
 Just the honest truth about working from home with legitimate companies and resources to get you started and keep you motivated! 
 Check it out! 
 Post navigation 
 <- Unemployment Benefits for Starting a Business 
 Can I tell my friends that I'm a Mystery Shopper? -> 
 Real or Scam: Facebook Data Study Job 
 Posted on   by  
 Watch this episode on YouTube: 
 Listen to this episode on Soundcloud: 
 Work at Home FAQ  ·  Real or Scam: Facebook Data Study Job Ad 
 Dear WAHFAQ, 
 _I saw this ad, and I know you 've mentioned  focus groups  before. Is this a legit job? 
_ 
 First of all, I want to make sure that you understand that this isn't a job. It would be considered a gig. You won't be hired by Facebook to work continually on this project. It's a one-off type of thing. 
 Market research companies  are continually looking for new participants in a variety of studies. This one just happens to involve Facebook. If a market research company has local field offices -- where you actually have to show up at a specific date and time to do a study -- they're most assuredly legit. If they're recruiting for an online study, research the company further. 
 Speaking to this ad specifically, it's not legit. What set off the first red flag was the compensation: $18-25/hr. Usually market research is paid at a flat rate. For example: a 2-hour focus group that pays $100. I haven't seen market research studies that pay hourly. So, for me, that seemed a little sketchy. 
 Clicking on the link, (which has been redacted for other's safety) it takes you to a website that promotes focus groups…for a fee. So, basically, these people ran an ad trying to seem legit to make you want to purchase their program on how to get market research gigs.  sigh 
 Market research companies do advertise on Craigslist and other job boards, simply because they're constantly trying to find new people for focus groups. The best way to get started is to contact your LOCAL market research companies and get on their list. That way they'll contact you directly if you meet the needs of their studies. And, (shameless plug) don't forget about  The Work at Home Training Program , which offers legitimate online focus group, mock trial, and market research companies and  The Mystery Shopper Training Program  which does a deep-dive into Mystery Shopping, another aspect of Market Research. 
     Think about all the extra money you could make by being a mystery shopper, starting your own business, or working from home for a  legitimate  company.  Take control of your income  and check out our  LEARN  page for a list of classes, books, and more! 
 Sign up for the Work at Home FAQ newsletter   and enter to win monthly giveaways like free books, classes, or telephone/Skype consultations! 
 Disclaimer: Links to products and services throughout the website, videos, and blog may or may not contain affiliate links. This means, we may or may not earn a small commission from sales originating through this website.  We would not recommend any product that we wouldn’t use ourselves, regardless of whether we earn commission or not. 
 Additionally, while we adhere to strict standards of editorial integrity to help you make decisions with confidence, the content provided is a means to educate and inform and should not be a substitution for professional advice for your specific situation. 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) 
 Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Related 
 Posted in  Fraud Friday  | Tagged  facebook ,  focus groups ,  forums ,  market research  |   Leave a reply 
 Post navigation 
 <- Unemployment Benefits for Starting a Business 
 Can I tell my friends that I'm a Mystery Shopper? -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 Pinterest 
 YouTube 
 Instagram 
 SoundCloud 
 
 Start making extra income today! Updated books available now! 
   
 Search 
 Quick Reference 
 Work at Home FAQ 
 Mystery Shopping FAQ 
 Get the newsletter and receive info on legitimate work at home jobs, freelance gigs, how to avoid scams, mystery shopping, and self-employment! 
 Name  Email Address 
 Submit 
 Categories 
 Work at Home Questions 
 Scam Questions 
 Mystery Shopping Questions 
 Home Business Questions 
 Money Management Questions 
 Home Business Profiles 
 Videos 
 Follow us on Facebook! 
 
 Follow us on Facebook! 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 Pinterest 
 YouTube 
 Instagram 
 SoundCloud 
 
  Privacy Statement, Policies, and Disclaimers  
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Our Commitment 
 
 Work at Home FAQ is a 
 Queen of the Random Job  site 
 Copyright © 2021  Work at Home FAQ™ . All Rights Reserved. 
 I defend my copyright 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
