Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Certified Dental Assistant- Department of Dental and Maxillofacial Sciences- Regular Full-time (SB08202020) 
 Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Certified Dental Assistant (Level 2) 
 We have a Full Time\Part Time opportunity for a Level 2 Certified Dental Assistant in the Department of Dental and Maxillofacial Sciences at Sunnybrook. We are a multi doctor (generalist and specialist) practice, and an academic centre providing educational experiences for a variety of undergraduate and postgraduate students. 
 Qualifications include: 
Minimum 2-3 years in busy practice setting; must have experience in oral surgery, as well as all aspects of general dentistry 
Current member of the Ontario Dental Nurses and Assistants Association (ODNAA) 
HARP certification 
Recent CPR certification 
Experience working with medically complex patients an asset 
Demonstrated ability to prioritize and multi-task 
Ability to work independently 
Ability to adapt to change in patients care needs and daily schedule modifications 
Proven ability to work in a fast paced environment 
Excellent chair side and surgical assisting skills 
Good interpersonal and communication skills 
Good organizational and time management skills 
Must be able to work co-operatively with all members of the team 
 Duties include: 
Assist dentists and surgeons in all aspects of clinical dentistry 
Maintain helpful relationships with patients and accompanying persons 
Take, develop and label radiographs, including panoramic films 
Maintain highest levels of infection control, adhering to hospital and regulatory policies 
Ensure that lab cases are sent out and received back in a timely fashion 
Maintain supplies in operatories 
Perform regular maintenance on all operatory, sterilization, lab and x-ray equipment 
Perform additional duties as delegated by the team lead. 
 We offer competitive compensation based on experience, with a generous health and dental benefits package and membership in our pension plan. Hours are Monday to Friday with staggered start times of 8-4, 830-430 and 9-5, depending on daily assignment. 
 Please note:  this is a Sunnybrook Department of Dental and Maxillofacial Sciences at Sunnybrook (Sunnybrook Dental Associates Inc.) opportunity and not a Sunnybrook Hospital opportunity. 
 Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre and Sunnybrook Dental Associates Inc. are committed to providing accessible employment practices that are in compliance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA). If you require accommodation for disability during any stage of the recruitment process, please indicate this in your cover letter. 
 Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre and Sunnybrook Dental Associates Inc. are strongly committed to inclusion and diversity within its community and welcome all applicants including but not limited to: visible minorities, all religions and ethnicities, persons with disabilities, LGBTQ persons, and all others who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas. 
 Please send your letter of interest and resumé to sunnybrookcda@gmail.com 
 We thank all applicants for their interest but only candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre is committed to providing accessible employment practices that are in compliance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA). If you require accommodation for disability during any stage of the recruitment process, please indicate this in your cover letter. 
 Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre is strongly committed to inclusion and diversity within its community and welcomes all applicants including but not limited to: visible minorities, all religions and ethnicities, persons with disabilities, LGBTQ persons, and all others who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
