Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Sales Associate 
 HPS Food & Ingredients Inc. 
 __Saskatoon, SK 
 Apply Now 
 Do you have a experience in sales and customer service? Are you a creative thinker who can build a business and generate new ideas? Do you have skills in assertiveness, detail-orientation & organization as well as a strong work ethic and high level of professionalism? Willing to manage accounts. If this sounds like you, we’d like to hear from you! 
 We are recruiting Saskatoon; the position will be based out of our office in Saskatoon, SK. 
 General Purpose and Scope of Position: 
 The role of the Ingredient Sales Associate is to provide assistance to the Senior Sales Associates by maintaining existing business relationships. This entry-level role will also provide the opportunity to step into the sales & marketing team by learning about new business opportunities, generating sales and purchases for new ingredients from fast growing commodities, and to develop a sustainable business with acceptable margins as outlined by division, and to promote growth, manage risk and present opportunities for growth. 
 Key skills and Abilities include: 
 
 Bachelor’s degree 
 Able to produce profitable sales in target areas for growth 
 Promote company name/reputation in the marketplace 
 Collect market information and gain comprehensive knowledge about the ingredients marketed 
 Manage risk by operating within established guidelines 
 Work within defined position limits as well as established company policies 
 Work effectively within a team environment 
 
 Key Personal Attributes Include: 
 
 
 Capable of overnight business travel, to include occasional travel by airplane 
 
 
 Must be able to establish and maintain good working relationships with customers and coworkers 
 
 
 Attention to detail, strong organizational skills, and a strong work ethic 
 
 
 Creative thinker who can build a business and generate new ideas 
 
 
 Must be able to follow corporate direction and policies promoting excellence 
 
 
 Must be assertive and able to accept rejection 
 
 
 Service-oriented and with a strong commitment to quality 
 
 
 High level of integrity and professionalism 
 
 
 Be willing to work as part of a team 
 
 
 Strong desire to succeed 
 
 
 Agriculture background would be helpful 
 
 
 Specific Responsibilities and Key Deliverables Include: 
 
 Work with Senior Sales Professions and Product Position Managers to effectively maintain an existing line of business relationships/needs with customers 
 Work with Product Position Managers to understand the products where HPS Food & Ingredients would have a competitive advantage 
 Market food ingredients to existing customers and other markets as opportunities arise to increase sale opportunities 
 
 Compensation and Benefits: 
 
 Competitive annual salary (to be determined based on experience and other factors) 
 Benefits package (Employee Assistance Program, vacation, sick time, company bonus pool + more); 
 Drug-Free Workplace 
 
 COMPANY CULTURE 
 HPS Food & Ingredients is a fast growing, dynamic, entrepreneurial company you can be proud to call your employer. 
 HPS Food & Ingredients markets and distributes food ingredients from. A privately held and Saskatoon based company, we employ more than 30 people throughout North America. 
 HPS is for and about its people and there is lots of opportunity for growth, new positions, global travel and business development. Our employees are both leaders in the industry and team players who thrive on creativity, entrepreneurial spirit, and a dedication to quality work, our customers, and each other. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Salary: $55,000.00-$70,000.00 per year 
 Additional pay: 
 
 Bonus Pay 
 
 Benefits: 
 
 Profit Sharing 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 Hour Shift 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Sales: 1 year (Preferred) 
 Customer Service: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 Temporarily due to COVID-19 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
