Skip to content 
 Menu 
 
 MP Science 
 MP Entertainment 
 MP Social 
 MP Health 
 
 themillennialperspective 
 Addressing stories with a Millennial Perspective 
 Bryan Mollett, the career Kickstart 
 Posted on  November 12, 2013  by  themillennialperspective 
 
 Bryan Mollett is releasing a photography compilation from the streets of Vancouver, BC through the aid of crowd funding. 
 “It will be interesting to see the power of social media. I think word of mouth as well will be a big part of it and even just the kick starter website.” **** Bryan Mollett, 26, started his photography career as a teenager shooting videos and pictures of his friends skateboarding  .  Now he aims to release a photography compilation of street photographs covering the Vancouver area. The photos primarily focus on east Vancouver and the poverty stricken, but Bryan also provides a contrast through featuring religious imagery and social statement. 
 Mollett got his first photo compilation exposure for the “This Is East Van” photography book. He had more photos in this compilation than anyone else. This is when Bryan started to gain confidence in the art of photography, becoming less concerned about judgement, and more concerned about perfecting his shots, asking friends and family their opinions on many of them. 
 Every photo makes a statement of its own, and every photo is a unique recorded snapshot of history that Mollett feels necessary to be immortalized in the **** medium that he’s so passionate about. A nun stands at a bus stop next to an ad for American Apparel featuring mild adultery, a child with dreadlocks and tattered clothing runs through the street alone. “I will be including different gifts as to what people pledge towards the final goal  ,  ” says Mollett. “I will be letting everyone close to me and the followers I have gained so far on this journey as soon as I get the video up.” He has yet to release the video, but says that it’s in the works. 
 “  My best experience in my photography journey had to have been last year in 2012 when my friend gave me a gift of true friendship by signing me up for a secret vacation and sending me to New York City to help build my portfolio.” **** Bryan says, referring to a television show he was lucky enough to be a part of  .  “I'd say the worst experience is the price of film in Canada. But tomorrow's another day.” Bryan is a dedicated film photographer, even an advocate at times  .  “My digital camera spends most of its time at home.” Bryan shoots most of his pictures with a Leica M6, but he also uses a Yashica Mat 124g, though admits not for a while. Reflecting on the old days, he wishes the best of luck to young photographers. “Just keep shooting. Shoot whatever makes you happy, whatever you’re feeling like at that point in your life.” 
 On his days off from his full-time job with Shaw, Bryan likes to go downtown as early in the morning as possible and stay until he runs out of film  .  “I just love watching life  ,  ” says Bryan. “Whether it's on the skytrain, driving, walking, I am just constantly scanning what's in front of me, and what I can see. I really enjoy just walking around with my camera, finding things, it's almost like a meditation for me.” No matter what the situation, he will come out of it with a smile on his face, and camera in hand. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Tagged  arts and entertainment ,  Bryan Mollett ,  Eastvan ,  Photography ,  profile ,  Street Photography ,  Vancitty ,  Vancouver 
 Published by themillennialperspective 
 I'm a huge fan of writing. I don't only write opinion pieces, I also write screenplays, poetry, fiction, etc. I love then sun, mostly when I am at the beach. I'm from White Rock but work in Vancouver city. I love discovery Channel, especially during shark week. I do impersonations for fun and run @Claymation_nation on Instagram   View all posts by themillennialperspective  
 Post navigation 
 Previous Post Gaga going Galactic 
 Next Post NO Luck for Luck 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Re-design 
 Fight, Flight, Freeze Response 
 What is Anxiety? 
 Guardians of the Galaxy Review 
 Belize, the Central America Paradise 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 [Anxiety Blog 3 
 the…](https://themillenialperspective.wordpress.com/2014/01/31/anxiety-blog-3/) on  Thank You, Bell 
 
 
 
 
 
 themillenialperspect…  on  Top 5 things to do in SUNNY… 
 
 
 
 Web agency  on  Top 5 things to do in SUNNY… 
 
 
 
 themillenialperspect…  on  My thoughts on Hurricane … 
 
 
 
 fsmail  on  My thoughts on Hurricane … 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 August 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 November 2013 
 August 2013 
 June 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 November 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 March 2012 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 
 August 2011 
 
 Categories 
 Categories Select Category Anxiety Essay Format Gaming Hip Hop Movies MP Entertainment MP Health MP Social Pep Talk Poems Published Articles Quotes From Clayton S. Cyre Speeches from Clayton Cyre Sports Technology The Budget The World from a Millennial The World That WE created Top 5 Travel Uncategorized World News from a Millennial 
 Info 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 FB Millennial Perspective 
 
 FB Millennial Perspective 
 
 @Claytoncyre 
 
 @ CTVNews  I’m opposed to far right and far left. Let’s not become barbaric here.  7 hours ago 
 When abouts will the Design Lab return @ Xbox   #Xbox  ? 🤔 I have a purchase to make 💁‍♂️  https://t.co/bOAPxROlK2   7 hours ago 
 @ FiteTV  @ RandyOrton  Legend killer  8 hours ago 
 @ CTVNews  He’s a champion in more ways than one.  9 hours ago 
 @ carleyxcarter  Of course 😁 looking forward to more 🙏  9 hours ago 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
