Skip to content 
 
 Newsletter 
 Global Legal Expertise on Your Side 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Contact 
 
   
 EB-5 Investment Visa Category – An Alternative Pathway for Foreigners and their Families to Gain a Permanent Green Card in the US while Participating in the Economic Growth and Job Creation in the US through Capital Investment 
 February 11, 2015  ~  Singh Law 
 T  he Immigrant Investor Program also known as “EB-5” is an alternative  method  for foreign investors to gain a green card and a permanent residence status while implementing economic growth and  employment  in the United States through capital  investment  and job creation. 
 It was created by the Congressional Act of 1990 and has been reauthorized annually to promote U.S. economic growth. It enables businesses and  real estate  developers seeking capital certain designated visas to become approved to  accept  investments from foreign investors. 
 According to Seema Singh, Managing Director of Singh Law, LLC, “EB-5 is a type of immigration program for foreign  families  that does social good for all communities and the U.S. economy.” In its concept, it is a triple win. When traditional sources of U.S. capital are not available the EB-5 program allows for foreign investors to invest in the U.S ($500,000) upon proving that the investment will create a minimum of 10 full-time U.S. jobs, and allows eligible immigrants (and their immediate family members) to enter the U.S. on a conditional two-year green card leading to a permanent green card after 2 years. Those investments then allow communities and real estate developers to build, renew, and fortify. For the U.S. Labor market, it grows jobs. 
 While the profile of immigrants in the U.S. evolves, the attraction of the U.S. as the #1 global country for immigrants continues. According to  Pew Research , immigrants in the entire U.S. increased from 7.9% in 1990 to 13.0% in 2012. Immigrants are living in virtually all states and the most diverse immigrants are living in 15 states including California, New York, New Jersey, Florida, Nevada,  Hawaii , Texas, Massachusetts, Maryland, and Illinois. This means EB-5 investment has broad potential across the U.S. for citizens, immigrants, and communities. 
 There are many EB-5 components encountered like Form I-526, H-1B visa holder status, or compliance with section 203(b)(5) of the Act, financial thresholds, geographic  requirements , and employee rules. There are also many hurdles—including complexity, long approval times, and unexpected in-process changes. These details in the law quickly positions most to understand that their successful immigration process and business structure will require a good and experienced  attorney . 
 There are 3 substantial categories in EB-5 to understand at the highest levels—the type of enterprise that can be created; the job or employee profile; and the legal investment thresholds. 
 
 
 Types of Enterprise.  EB-5 supports new commercial enterprise or troubled enterprise business structures. The enterprises, whether new or troubled, can be any for-profit activity structured as a sole proprietorship, Partnership (whether limited or general), Holding company, Joint venture, Corporation, or Business trust or other entity, which may be publicly or privately owned. The trigger date for the type of enterprise that can operate is November 29, 1990. Businesses established before this  dates  has two additional  requirements  to meet for EB-5 compliance and businesses  established  after this date are considered new (unless the business is a troubled enterprise). A troubled enterprise means the business has been in existence for at least two years and has incurred a net loss during the 12- or 24-month period prior to the priority date on the immigrant investor’s Form I-526. 
 
 
 Types of Jobs Profiles. Requirements for Job Creation.  At least 10 full-time direct qualifying jobs or if the investment in a Regional Center project 10 full time indirect jobs qualify as well. Whether full-time direct or indirect or job sharing, must be created or preserved in order to be in compliance with the act. Qualifying jobs are defined as: “a U.S. citizen, permanent resident or other immigrant authorized to work in the United States. The individual may be a conditional resident, an asylee, a refugee, or a person residing in the United States under suspension of deportation. This definition does not include the immigrant investor; his or her spouse, sons, or daughters; or any foreign national in any nonimmigrant status (such as an H-1B visa holder) or who is not authorized to work in the United States.” 
 
 
 Types of Capital Required . Understanding the capital requirements to succeed under EB-5 might be characterized as the ‘2×2.’ There are two minimum investment levels and there are two geographic considerations to meet capital requirements. The minimum investment levels can be described as: 
 
 
 General. The minimum qualifying investment in the United States is $1 million for direct projects. 
 
 
 Targeted Employment Area (High Direct Unemployment or Rural Area) or through the Regional Centers. The minimum qualifying investment either within a high-unemployment area or rural area in the United States is  $500,000. 
 
 
 EB-5 remains one of the most advantageous and complicated processes but those who make it through will affirm two things: 1) it is a win/win for the US and for foreigners and 2) great legal counsel is essential to their success. 
 Singh Law, led by Principal Seema Singh, specializes in the spectrum of Immigration Law and Business Law including the EB-5 Immigration process. Based in Princeton, N.J., we offer free 15-minute consultations for all clients.   www.SSinghLaw.com   or 609-454-3165. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Posted in  Immigration   EB-5 Visa Immigration 
 Post navigation 
 < Previous Leave No Asset Undeclared!-Foreign Bank Account Report (FBAR) SENDS WARNING TO INDIANS IN US 
 Next > Getting Your Affairs in Order - Wills, Trusts & Estates 
 Search for: 
 Singh Law, LLC 
 4365 US Hwy 1 South, Suite 106 
Princeton, NJ 08540 
 609-454-3165 
 www.Ssinghlaw.com 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Protect Your Brand – Enhancing Your Rights Through Trademark 
 Getting Your Affairs in Order - Wills, Trusts & Estates 
 EB-5 Investment Visa Category – An Alternative Pathway for Foreigners and their Families to Gain a Permanent Green Card in the US while Participating in the Economic Growth and Job Creation in the US through Capital Investment 
 Leave No Asset Undeclared!-Foreign Bank Account Report (FBAR) SENDS WARNING TO INDIANS IN US 
 Foreign Account Tax Compliance Act (FATCA) Rolls Forward to India! 
 
 Archives 
 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Business Law 
 Corporate Law 
 Divorce 
 Employment Law 
 Family Law 
 FATCA 
 FBAR 
 Foreign Account Tax Law 
 Franchise 
 Government Relations 
 Immigration 
 Litigation 
 Real Estate 
 Trademark 
 Uncategorized 
 Wills and Estates 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
