Skip to content    
 
 
 
 Home 
 Home 
 Life&Mindfulness 
 
 The Dark & the Light 
 Saying Goodbye to Toxic Relationships 
 30 Signs You’re Dealing with a Toxic Relationship 
 Download your Light 
 
 
 Life&Mindfulness 
 
 The Dark & the Light 
 Saying Goodbye to Toxic Relationships 
 30 Signs You’re Dealing with a Toxic Relationship 
 Download your Light 
 
 
 Beauty&Skincare 
 Beauty&Skincare 
 Astrology&Numerology 
 
 The Flower Moon (May 29th) 
 New Moon in Taurus: What this Means 
 Kindred Spirits, Soulmates & Twin Flames: What are the Differences? 
 
 
 Astrology&Numerology 
 
 The Flower Moon (May 29th) 
 New Moon in Taurus: What this Means 
 Kindred Spirits, Soulmates & Twin Flames: What are the Differences? 
 
 
 Food&Recipes 
 Food&Recipes 
 Home&Garden 
 
 HalfMoon Candles: Why Supporting Craftsmen is Important 
 
 
 Home&Garden 
 
 HalfMoon Candles: Why Supporting Craftsmen is Important 
 
 
 Knowlege&Resources 
 Life&Health Coaching Services 
 Contact 
 Knowlege&Resources 
 Contact 
 More 
 
 June 13, 2018  by  MangoFace 
 Considering a Career as a Health Coach? 
 If you're anything like me, than you understand what it's like to not feel certain about your future goals. You wonder about your career path because, quite frankly, there are many wonderful paths to take. This is a problem that I have faced many times. I find myself intrigued by many topics and thus wanting to dabble in them all. 
 I keep multiple projects going on, all at once. Personally, I love to start and accomplish a plethora of tasks. However, when it comes to making a consistent income this way, it is a lot of work. One I personally enjoy, however, would prefer to enjoy on my own time and without the stress of wondering whether the work or piece will provide me with financial gain. 
 Recently, I dug deeper into my passions. I wrote out a list of things that interested me enough to consider making a career out of them. To my shock, it was a much smaller list than I had initially imagined. 
 On this list, I wrote that I had a desire to help cure others' acne through holistic means and practices. Acne, having been a horrible and distracting problem for myself, is something I believe should not have to affect as many people as it does. 
 But how was I going to make this type of coaching a career much less something profitable? 
 That's when I discovered that I didn't have to go to medical school, I didn't have to become a doctor to help others' with their ailments. To begin sharing my knowledge professionally, I discovered that I could study to become a certified Health Coach! 
 The program that I enrolled in and have had tremendous success with is through the ** Health Coach Institute.  **The Health Coach Institute is accredited by the International Coach Federation (ICF), the only globally recognized, independent credentialing program for coach practitioners, via their CCE program (Continuing Coach Education), the Canadian Health Coach Alliance, Federation of Holistic Therapists (FHT), and the International Institute for Complimentary Therapists (IICT) 
 What's amazing about health coaching is that it's not all about physical health. As a health coach, you aren't telling someone what to do and forcing them to do it, you're helping guide individuals towards their own prosperous path. An individual's path may include the desire to create healthier habits, cure their acne, lose weight, feel mentally fit and attractive, or just have someone by their side that holds them accountable. Regardless of your client's desires, you put together individualized packages to help another person prosper. 
 Want a job that allows you the comfort and convenience of working from home? Or, a job that allows you to set your own hours? Most health coaches work from home or via 1-on-1 meet ups with their clients. These meet ups can even take place over Skype if your client is out of town or desires their coaching online. 
 You may be thinking to yourself,  " I'm not that great at promoting myself, are there jobs that I can apply for as a health coach? " 
 Health and life coaches are some of the most sought after professionals in today's market. In a country that requires the majority of workers to live at a desk from 9 am to 5 pm, health, stress and overall company moral control the productivity of most of America's offices. Businesses are catching on to this new way of life and investing millions of dollars into creating smoother running, more productive, and happier places to work. Health Coaches are hired to put together packages to help employees manage their stress, how to eat healthy on the go, and how to achieve high levels of productivity. Doctor's offices are also changing quite rapidly because many individuals are seeking holistic practices and alternative remedies for their health needs. Health coaches are hired to work alongside or within offices and clinics in order to provide each client with their desired needs. 
 Needless to say, if you have a passion for helping others achieve their goals, taking an individualized approach to your work, and being your own boss by making your own schedule, I highly recommend becoming a health coach. 
 Earning your certification through the Health Coach Institute takes only 6 months! However, if you need a little more time, you can complete your certification within a year of signing up. 
 As a HCI student, I have the opportunity to provide others with $500 off of their tuition!   Use my code (pictured above) if you are interested in pursuing a life as a health coach ❤ 
 To learn more about the Health Coach Institute 's program you may call 
 (515) 393-2542 and speak with an admissions councilor or  click HERE! 
 Intrigued but not sure if Health Coach Institute is the right place for you? Here's a list of the reasons why I personally love my program. 
 After years of not accepting my flow and feeling guilty for my lack of being settled, I can happily say that I live in a new state of feeling calm. Not only have I found something that brings me joy, I still have time to pursue other passions that I haven't quite cleared from my list 😉 
 I love you unconditionally! 
 Flip ❤ 
 For resources and more information about becoming a health coach, click on the provided links! 
 - Health Coach Institute: Course Catalog 
 - Learn about Health Coach Institute Specifically 
 - FAQs 
 - HCI's Blog 
 -Alternative Programs: 
 * NSHCOA 
 * Integrative Nurtition 
 * IH Coaching 
 * Real Balance 
 //pagead2.googlesyndication.com/pagead/js/adsbygoogle.js 
 (adsbygoogle = window.adsbygoogle || []).push({ 
google_ad_client: "ca-pub-5221603670109491", 
enable_page_level_ads: true 
}); 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Posted in  Life&HealthCoaching Tagged  career ,  coaching ,  earth ,  finance ,  happiness ,  health ,  health coach ,  Health, Wellness, Mindfulness, Coaching, Inspiration ,  life coach ,  make money ,  mental health ,  money ,  nature ,  reality ,  spirituality ,  work ,  work from home 
 Post navigation 
 Previous The Dark & the Light 
 Next Moldavite: What is it? Its Uses? & How to Spot Fakes! 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Search for: 
 Instagram 
 No Instagram images were found. 
 Translate 
 Stay Up to Date with Mangoface 
 Wanna know what were up to? Enter your email to stay up to date. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Archives 
 
 July 2018 
 June 2018 
 May 2018 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
