Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Car Sales Associate 
 Go Hyundai Spruce Grove 
 __Spruce Grove, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Car Sales Associates(Go Spruce Grove) 
 Are you looking for a full-time career and the opportunity to work and grow alongside the top automotive pros in the west? At Go Auto Hyundai Spruce Grove we have built a Family atmosphere and would like you to join our team! 
 If so, then you’re the perfect person to join us, and we’d love to have you selling cars at Go Hyundai, Spruce Grove. 
 (We own and operate over 40 dealerships in Western Canada, and  Go Hyundai Spruce Grove  is one of our prime locations. Learn more at GoAuto.ca). 
 If you can sell, you can sell a car 
 We’re proud of the fact that we only hire the cream of the crop. When it comes to Sales Associates, it doesn’t matter if you’ve never sold a car before. All that matters to us is that you’re a proven sales superstar and customer service wizard who knows how to interact with customers and can find the right deal if it’s there. 
 If you’re new to the industry but can sell hay to a farmer, we offer top-of-class training to turn you into a sales superstar. You can earn over $80,000 in your first year! 
 If you’re a seasoned vet, then this is the opportunity you’ve been waiting for. As a part of our team, you can earn over $200,000 a year! (Our bonuses are quite lucrative.) 
 We offer the best benefits in the industry 
 
 You’ll have three weeks of vacation your first year! After five years of service, you get four weeks. After ten years, you’ll get FIVE weeks of vacation. 
 Comprehensive health and dental benefits (80-100%) and health spending accounts. 
 An employee investment program that guarantees you a 10% return every year (a max of 25%) 
 We have our very own University, which provides the best in-house training an empire can buy. 
 Sales bonuses that will make you do Tiger Woods-like fist pumps and gymnast-level high kicks. 
 With over 40 dealerships and with jobs available at every level, your opportunity to grow has never been better. 
 
 Requirements: 
 
 Proven track record in sales 
 Self-motivation 
 Self-starter 
 Excellent communication skills (we place a lot of value on being personable and happy to help) 
 Strong customer relationship-building skills 
 Valid Driver’s license 
 Ability to think like a customer, in order to provide the best possible sales experience 
 Experience in the auto industry is an asset 
 
 Important Notes: 
 
 Our sales associates are on a fixed-commission structure without a base salary. You will be paid a flat rate per car, regardless of the make, model, or year. This allows us to provide our customers a low-pressure environment, and ensures that we sell them the vehicle that’s right for  them . 
 This is not a 9 to 5 job. This is a full time position that requires an ownership-level commitment to succeed. There can be long days. If you’re motivated and interested in making a lot of money, then you’ll find we offer the best sales environment in the industry. 
 
 Don’t miss out on this amazing opportunity! 
 Please check out our new Facebook Careers Page to stay up to date on all new jobs and fun events happening at Go Auto! 
 About Go Auto 
 The largest automotive network in Western Canada, Go Auto is comprised of more than 40 locations across Alberta, BC, Ontario, and the Northwest Territories. With an inventory of more than 10,000 new and used cars, trucks, and SUVs, Go Auto is an industry leader in sales, service, financing, insurance, and collision repair, and represents 19 new vehicle brands: Ford, Lincoln, Dodge, Chrysler, Jeep, Ram, Toyota, Hyundai, Kia, Mazda, Nissan, Honda, Acura, Fiat, Volkswagen, Infiniti, Land Rover, Jaguar, and Porsche. 
 Our 30-Day Exchange Privilege, Loyalty Rewards Program, Guaranteed Price Policy, and large-scale purchasing power are just a few of the reasons why we are recognized as an industry leader in customer satisfaction. Visit GoAuto.ca to find out more. 
 Job Type: Full-time 
 Salary: $80,000.00 to $120,000.00 /year 
 Experience: 
 
 customer service: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Language: 
 
 English (Preferred) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
