Skip to content 
   
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Book 
 Workbook 
 Blog 
 About 
 
 
   
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Book 
 Workbook 
 Blog 
 About 
 
 
 
 Feeling stuck at work? 
 Do you sometimes dread going into the office? Is it hard to see a way to get ahead? 
 Are you feeling ready to reach the next level of your career, but find that all the pathways seem to be blocked? 
 It's called  career stagnation . Unfortunately, it's a massive trend in today's work environment. It's where most people start to simply settle in and coast along. 
 Then, 5 or 10 or 20 years later, they look back in regret, knowing that they could have done so much more. They could have earned more money, contributed more fully, and enjoyed themselves more in their work. 
 That doesn 't have to be you. 
 You can find a way to get ahead in your career. The fact that you are here right now reading this message is a great sign. You are taking action based on your frustration. You know that it's time to do something. 
 I know. I've been there. 
 I’ve worked in more environments than most people — 13 positions at 10 organizations (working across 12 different industries). 
 The truth is that the employment landscape is fraught with bad bosses, dysfunctional organizations, and miserable co-workers. Avoiding all of those variables all of the time is pretty much impossible. 
 As a result, I’ve spent my fair share of time being unhappy at work. I've been stuck many times. 
 Fortunately, I 've figured a way out! 
 It is a simple two-step process. 
 
 Focus on things within your control 
 Take consistent action 
 
 You see, it turns out that, even when the odds are stacked against us in many ways, we still have lots of power. 
 But we can't lament how unfair the world is toward us. How blind our boss is to our potential. How indignant some of our coworkers can be. How there just aren't any good jobs out there. 
 It's not the world's job to make us happy at work. It's  our job  to carve a path forward. 
 Once I saw a way forward, I became energized about work again. I found it to be absolutely exhilarating. And liberating. 
 The sense of  freedom  and  optimism  fueled me in a way that nothing else had in the past. 
 And I found that others found hope and excitement in these insights too. Seeing others enjoy the same transformation is a total thrill. Which is why I wrote  Career Leap Year: 52 Ways To Reach A New Level of Success . 
 I want everyone to have access to these insights! 
 The book covers the  6 categories  that will make the  biggest impact on your professional development  : 
 
 Mindset 
 Personal Development 
 Networking 
 Presentation Skills 
 Writing Skills 
 Leadership 
 
 The concept is  simple . The results are  profound . 
 If you take just  one action  each week for a year, you will  leap ahead  (probably far ahead) in your professional life and open up new possibilities for yourself. 
 Imagine  what it would be like to develop and hone your skills to new levels… 
 You could do more, achieve more, and have more fun along the way. 
 There is no magic bullet, of course. But there certainly is  magic . 
 You will make incremental progress over time. And then one day you will look back and be amazed at how far you've come. 
 
 "Take Tom’s advice, and gain wisdom for your career. Take this book and read one chapter a day." 
 -- Christopher Morgan, MBA, CHCIO, Louisville, Kentucky 
 "It is very apparent that the author is very knowledgeable in career and personal growth as he shares examples of the trials and tribulations of his journey. The writing style is very conversational and easy to digest." 
 -- Tim Ogawa, Boston, Massachusetts 
 "I have long been a fan of Tom's weekly emails. This book brings together this same style and Tom's ability to paint a picture with words, into a collection of tasks that you can work through to improve your personal capabilities." 
 -- Martin Davis, New Brunswick, Canada 
 
 Take the leap and find out! Get your copy now. 
 
 
 __Tweet 
  __Share 
