Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Seasonal Sales Associate 
 DAVIDsTEA 
 __Saint-Hyacinthe, QC 
 Apply Now 
 It’s the most wonderful time of the year, and we’re looking for a talented Sales Associate (aka “Tea Guide”) to join the DAVIDsTEA family and help us spread the tea love this Holiday season at our store! 
 DAVIDsTEA is a North American tea company headquartered in Montreal, and in just over 10 years we’ve grown to more than 240 stores coast to coast. We’re best known for our super-friendly staff, above-and-beyond customer service and, of course, our huge collection of seriously amazing teas and related products. 
 Why work for us? 
 Working at DAVIDsTEA, you'll look forward to getting out of bed in the morning so you can pick your first tea of the day. You’ll get to work with some of the most passionate people on the planet in a fun, creative and fast-paced environment with lots of opportunity for growth. And you’ll fall deeply, madly, eternally in love with tea. Bonus: You’ll also score free tea and a sweet employee discount. Need we say more? 
 JOB OBJECTIVES: 
To deliver the highest standard of customer service by following the DAVIDsTEA experience – our customers are #1! You’ll also be expected to positively and effectively contribute to a teamwork environment. 
 RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Deliver the DAVIDsTEA experience through stellar customer service 
Educate customers about the wonderful world of tea, DAVIDsTEA blends, gift sets, accessories and more 
Understand the retail business and be able to go the extra mile to drive sales 
Actively work to increase customer traffic and reach sales goals through sampling and community initiatives 
Contribute to a passionate and fun team of tea lovers 
Perform store operational duties; cash handling and maintaining store cleanliness and standards 
Maintain store aesthetic by cleaning, stocking, organizing and following merchandising plans 
Stay up-to-date with product knowledge, company information, launches and campaigns 
Relay all promotions, events and applicable company communications to customers 
Adhere to the Food Safe principles and internal guidelines of beverage preparation and workplace safety guidelines 
Communicate any quality control, maintenance, procedural or operational concerns to reporting Manager 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
