[ 
 WorkForThem 
 ](/) 
 
 Blog 
 RSS 
 Remote Jobs 
 Find More Jobs 
 Post a job 
 
 Menu Close 
 
 Blog 
 RSS 
 Remote Jobs 
 Find More Jobs 
 Post a job 
 
 Senior Director, Apple Marketing Communications, Europe 
 Apple 
 Full time 
 London, UK 
 Jan 8 
 At Apple, we don’t just build products — we build products that redefine entire industries and change people’s lives in meaningful ways. And it’s the people that we hire that makes it all possible. 
 We are now looking for our new Head of Marketing Communications in Europe. 
 Our intent is nothing less than to build the world’s most inspiring marketing communications. And we’re looking for an inspiring leader with a proven track record of making fantastic work to spearhead our ambitious plans for Europe. 
 The Marcom organisation at Apple is the team that is responsible for all consumer facing communications. You'’ll be driving the creation and deployment of campaigns, interactive work, video and motion graphics projects and creative for Apple retail Stores as well as work made specifically for our telecom carrier partners and retailers who sell our products across Europe. 
 This team also leads the local adaptation of all product launch work generated from our headquarters in California. The work we all make is seen by millions across multiple touchpoints. 
 We’re a creative-led organisation. We’re made up of Brand Managers, Strategists, Writers, Designers, Producers and functional specialists, who plan, conceptualize and execute all the product and services communications that go out into the world. We build communications that help people better understand our products, and help people get the most out of them. 
 Key Qualifications 
 
 A wicked smart, strategic thinker who can simplify the complex, craft a vision for the team and then bring it to fruition as a feasible plan. You’ll be in the detail when necessary but also able to stand back and see the wider picture when required. 
 You’ll be passionate about creative ideas — their capacity to inspire change and become part of culture. You’ll have a deep knowledge and respect for the creative process with great instincts on what’s right for the brand and what works in each of our key markets 
 A leader that is able to recruit, empower, and develop extraordinary talent. A leader who leads from the front and will be the champion for doing what’s right. 
 Diversity will be meaningful to you. You’ll know its worth. And you’ll drive the changes a modern communications team needs to ensure our group is as diverse and inclusive as possible. You’ll open up new opportunities for hardworking individuals, and recruit the best Europe has to offer. 
 A senior leader with 15 – 20 years experience working in world-class marketing organisation or agency, having done extraordinary work. 
 Experience managing a large, creative, multi-disciplinary team of specialists. 
 Experience in digital / social media or retail is a bonus. 
 Agency experience preferred. 
 
 Description 
 Lead a world-class team (roughly 100 employees) who are responsible for the planning and execution of Apple’s marketing communications across all customer-facing touch points, including advertising, digital / interactive, channel and retail. 
 Working with Product Marketing, Corp Comms, Sales and WW Marcom, drive the Marcom strategy for Europe, understanding deeply the core business and product challenges and opportunities in our most important markets (UK, FR, DE, ESP and IT) and then translating those into meaningful Marcom plans. 
 Represent Marcom within the broader European leadership team, providing strategic and creative guidance in support of the business while building and protecting Apple’s brand. 
 Provide WW leadership with ongoing insights into the local business, product, consumers and competitive landscape to help inform WW strategies and work. Be a key voice in WW Marcom leadership meetings, providing a strong point-of-view to help craft our global strategies and thinking. 
 Responsible for the flawless execution of all our product launches throughout the year, making sure the work resonates locally and that we are delivering the best product launches possible. 
 Identify and drive any local initiatives that tackle local challenges or opportunities. 
 Continue to build a world class team, operations and creative culture that consistently produces the world’s best marketing communications. 
 Manage a large network of agency partners that supplement our in-house capabilities. Drive scale, speed and efficiency but not at the expense of excellence. 
 Work with Apple’s key sales channel partners to craft and deploy partner-led communications and secure an unfair share of their best marketing efforts. 
 Lead our product presentation and customer experience at point of sale across all channels of distribution and ensure brand consistency and the very best customer experience. 
 Lead our digital efforts, creating smart, compelling solutions on our most important social and e-commerce platforms that are inline with our product and brand strategies. 
 You’ll work closely with key internal partners in Sales, Retail and Services, as well as the Worldwide Marcom team headquartered in Cupertino, California. 
 Apply for this position 
 Apply 
 Your application has been successfully submitted. 
 Please fix the errors below and resubmit. 
 Something went wrong. Please try again later or contact us. 
 Personal information 
 First name * 
 Last name * 
 Email * 
 Address (Optional) 
 Profile 
 Summary (Optional) 
 Resume * 
 Details 
 Cover letter * 
 Submit application 
   
 Apple 
 Think different. 
 Website   Twitter 
 Apply for this position 
 Share this job 
 [Tweet](https://twitter.com/share?text=Apple is hiring a Senior Director, Apple Marketing Communications, Europe in London, UK&url=https://workforthem.com/job/14647-senior-director-apple-marketing-communications-europe)  Share  [Share](https://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?mini=true&summary=Apple is hiring a Senior Director, Apple Marketing Communications, Europe in London, UK&url=https://workforthem.com/job/14647-senior-director-apple-marketing-communications-europe&source=WorkForThem) 
 
 
 WorkForThem 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Terms Of Service 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Menu 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 RSS 
 
 
 Remote Jobs 
 
 
 Find More Jobs 
 
 
 Post a job 
 
 
 Browse Jobs By 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 Locations 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 
 Jobs By Type 
 
 
 Full time 
 
 
 Part time 
 
 
 Freelance 
 
 
 Internship 
 
 
 Contract 
 
 
