
 Home 
 Legal 
 Sitemap 
 
 That puts contact tracers in high demand. In fact, a recent report from Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health estimates that the nation needs about 100,000 new contact tracers to help manage the COVID-19 outbreak. But you can still expect the competition to be fierce for this remote position. Education and work experience requirements vary by employer, but the CDC’s job posting specifies that at least a high school diploma is required, and a bachelor’s degree is preferred. Otherwise, the major requirements include strong communication abilities — you’ll spend most of your time on the phone closely following a script — computer skills and empathy. Being multilingual may help boost your chances of getting hired. Training is provided. (Even if you’re not planning to be a contact tracer, you can take a free online six-hour training course developed by Johns Hopkins, just to learn more about COVID-19.)  Work At Home Jobs 
Bankrate.com is an independent, advertising-supported publisher and comparison service. We are compensated in exchange for placement of sponsored products and, services, or by you clicking on certain links posted on our site. Therefore, this compensation may impact how, where and in what order products appear within listing categories. Other factors, such as our own proprietary website rules and whether a product is offered in your area or at your self-selected credit score range can also impact how and where products appear on this site. While we strive to provide a wide range offers, Bankrate does not include information about every financial or credit product or service. 
Working from home has benefits for both workers and employers. Studies by Global Workplace Analytics, a San Diego research and consulting firm, have shown that telecommuting saves employers and workers time and money, reduces stress, increases productivity, lowers exposure to office colds and flus, and helps the environment by reducing the number of commuters.  Work At Home Jobs 
Get paid to share your opinions. While it's not exactly a job, participating in surveys and focus groups can be an easy way to pick up a bit of extra cash — in some cases, a very little bit. Pay for some surveys can amount to as little as $1 an hour, according to SideHusl, a website that vets opportunities to make money on the side. But other opportunities can be more lucrative: Current offerings on FindFocusGroups.com and focusgroup.com pay $25 to $275 and $50 to $180 a pop, respectively.  Work At Home Jobs 
 Health care providers are among the most common employers offering jobs from home. So it should be no surprise that United Healthcare is one of the top 10 companies offering work-at-home situations. Though health care typically involves hands-on work at a care facility, it also provides a surprising number of positions that can be handled remotely. [Work At Home](https://www.youtube.com/v/I7voRJkBsnM&feature=share) 
 Provide administrative support from the comfort of your own home and schedule. Virtual assistants can perform a range of services, from scheduling and email management to social media strategizing and event planning. And you can seek to do it full time via an agency or independently on a gig-by-gig basis. Boldly is a staffing agency hiring full-time assistants to work from home in 23 states. Or you can post your services on freelance job boards such as FreeUp and Upwork to connect with potential clients directly. 
Put your sleuthing skills to work. Claims investigators perform in-depth online and database research to assess the legitimacy of an individual's unemployment or insurance claim. The level of education and experience required varies by position, with senior roles possibly requiring specialized degrees. For example, applicants for Anthem's senior clinical fraud investigator must have an associate degree in nursing, current certification as a certified professional coder or both.  Work At Home 
**Telehealth had been growing in popularity before the coronavirus hit the U.S. and has gotten an extra boost in demand as the health care system has been inundated with COVID-19 patients. Some employers are looking to hire full-time telehealth nurses to answer questions specifically about COVID-19 and help manage the current health care crisis from the safety of their own homes. Other opportunities are available for part-timers. Just be sure to check on licensing requirements. For example, the telemedicine nurse practitioner position with Forward requires a license in California, New York or Washington, D.C. (Bonus points for applicants licensed to practice in more than one of those places.) Work At Home  ** 
Telehealth had been growing in popularity before the coronavirus hit the U.S. and has gotten an extra boost in demand as the health care system has been inundated with COVID-19 patients. Some employers are looking to hire full-time telehealth nurses to answer questions specifically about COVID-19 and help manage the current health care crisis from the safety of their own homes. Other opportunities are available for part-timers. Just be sure to check on licensing requirements. For example, the telemedicine nurse practitioner position with Forward requires a license in California, New York or Washington, D.C. (Bonus points for applicants licensed to practice in more than one of those places.)  Work At Home Jobs 
 
 Working from home has benefits for both workers and employers. Studies by Global Workplace Analytics, a San Diego research and consulting firm, have shown that telecommuting saves employers and workers time and money, reduces stress, increases productivity, lowers exposure to office colds and flus, and helps the environment by reducing the number of commuters.  Work From Home Jobs 
 
 Franchises can cost a lot of money, but there are opportunities for less than $50,000, says Jania Bailey, CEO of FranNet, a franchise marketplace. “You might be able to get financing from the (Small Business Administration) or the lenders the brand works with. It’s a little more affordable than people think. If it takes $100,000, you might need $20,000.”  Work At Home 
_Scottsdale, Arizona-based Liveops refers to itself as ”The modern call center that isn’t a call center”. This should give you a strong indication of what they do, and how and where it takes place. The company doesn't have call centers in the usual sense, but instead employs over 20,000 independent agents, working remotely. As such, it also describes itself as the world’s largest cloud contact center. Work At Home  _ 
_As a member of the SYKESHome Work At Home team, you’ll be working remotely, primarily handling customer service related positions. These include customer service representatives, team leads, and support positions. But their extensive list of work from home positions includes system engineers, teacher quality evaluators, bilingual Spanish/English and French/English customer service reps, as well as area manager IT client services. Work From Home Jobs  _ 
 
 What makes even more surprising is the variety of positions available remote through the company. In fact, a search of their website using the term “work-at-home” turned up more than 1,000 positions. They include jobs in everything from customer service to clinical care. Nursing is naturally a common position, and one that’s often available on a remote basis. They’re often needed for online or phone consulting, both to provide clinical information and to direct incoming callers to direct care services.  Work From Home 
 
 _For those unfamiliar with affiliate marketing, it’s simply referral marketing where you earn a commission. Let’s say that you have a website and refer a book on Amazon. When the visitor clicks the affiliate link and buys the book, Amazon will pay you a percentage of the sale. People love affiliate marketing because they can start earning money passively with few startup costs. Work At Home Jobs  _ 
If you can listen and type, you can be a transcriptionist. Some positions, such as in the medical field, may prefer applicants with technical knowledge of the subject matter. But plenty of opportunities — including those at Literably (a reading assessment service for students from kindergarten through eighth grade) and Pactera Technologies (a global digital consulting firm) — require no prior experience and provide on-the-job training.  Work At Home Jobs 
 
 Many businesses are in need of someone to design their logos, websites or visual ads. If you have a degree or certification in this area, you can make a comfortable salary annually (reportedly $45,000 and up). The more skilled you are, the more clients you'll likely get through word of mouth. Here's a guide on how to build a website that can help you get started.  Work At Home Jobs 
 
 **Schools aren't just for book learning; they also provide a safe haven for students where professionals can help assess and promote their well-being. School psychologists work with K-12 students to identify and address any academic struggles, learning disabilities, and behavioral and emotional issues. And with schools currently practicing remote learning, school districts are seeking remote workers to provide this important specialized service via teletherapy. Some opportunities are available immediately to serve for the remainder of this school year, while others may begin before the fall. You must have proper licensure for the state in which you'll work. Work At Home Jobs  ** 
 Telehealth had been growing in popularity before the coronavirus hit the U.S. and has gotten an extra boost in demand as the health care system has been inundated with COVID-19 patients. Some employers are looking to hire full-time telehealth nurses to answer questions specifically about COVID-19 and help manage the current health care crisis from the safety of their own homes. Other opportunities are available for part-timers. Just be sure to check on licensing requirements. For example, the telemedicine nurse practitioner position with Forward requires a license in California, New York or Washington, D.C. (Bonus points for applicants licensed to practice in more than one of those places.) 
 Based in Freemont, California, and founded in 1983, Concentrix claims 90,000 employees worldwide. They work in a wide variety of industries, including health care, retail, transportation, e-commerce, insurance, technology, energy, and many others. Their specialties include marketing, analytics, technology, consulting, financial, and customer lifecycle management. [Work At Home Jobs](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I7voRJkBsnM&app=mobile) 
_Jobs are available mostly on a full-time basis. Current positions available include sales, advertising, account management, project/program/product management fulfillment and operations management, human resources, business and merchant development, operations, IT and support engineering, facilities, maintenance and real estate, and customer service. Work From Home Jobs  _ 
 × 
 
 Work From Home Jobs  Contact us at webmaster@workatwca.com |  Sitemap txt  |  Sitemap 
