
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Tara AI (W15) 
 The smart and free Jira alternative 
 Video Intern | Remote (Global) 
 
 Location 
 Remote 
 Job Type 
 Internship 
 Experience 
 About Tara AI 
 Tara AI is building smart and modern software to solve complex problems such as project management. We're starting with a simple Jira alternative, that's helping thousands of teams deliver on planned releases, with more predictability. 
 Companies are losing an average of $66Bn per year through inefficiencies in software project management, leading to cost and timeline overruns. Platforms like Jira, take significant time to configure and are not built for cross-functional or remote teams. Today, most software built for project and release management is clunky and difficult to use. As a founding team, we faced similar problems at companies like Boeing, McKinsey, Google and Apple, and decided to band together to change the status quo. 
 We're a founding team of seasoned engineers and product folks, building for innovators. We're passionate about enabling engineers and builders that create the platforms the world uses, everyday. Our investors include YCombinator, Acrew and Slack Fund. 
 At Tara, we’re creating a new normal where technical and business teams alike, can make informed decisions across the entire product spectrum. If you have an innate curiosity around software teams and their processes and an inherent desire to solve their problems, we want to hear from you. 
 About the role 
 ** 
 Application Link: https://jobs.gohire.io/tara-ai-wyqbsv6l/video-intern-remote-global-32582/ 
 ** 
 Software should work for you, not the other way around. Yet, most software for product development is difficult to use and needs a lot of time to configure; it was not purpose-built for modern, cross-functional teams building rapidly. 
 At Tara, we’re designing simple yet powerful software to solve these complex problems. We've built a smart platform that's helping thousands of engineers and teams deliver on planned releases, with improved predictability. 
 We're a founding team of seasoned engineers and product folks, building for innovators. We're passionate about enabling engineers and builders that create the platforms the world uses, everyday. Our investors include YCombinator, Acrew and Slack Fund. 
 If you have an innate curiosity around software teams with a desire to solve their problems, we would love to hear from you. 
 Your Role at Tara 
 
 Edit video for website content and product help centre using appropriate software 
 Trim footage segments and put together the sequence of the film 
 Input music, dialogues, graphics and effects as required 
 Create rough and final cuts 
 Ensure logical sequencing and smooth running 
 Use media from shoots with correct file structure and organization 
 Make video content recommendations based on platform trends 
 Ensure timely delivery of projects through effective communication 
 Plan the shoots remotely using their own creativity to meet the purpose of the video 
 
 About You 
 
 Competent in video editing softwares like Adobe Premiere Pro and Adobe After Effects 
 Experience with B2B SaaS solutions, experience with graphics and knowledge of the product management space is a plus 
 Enough confidence to share your ideas, participate in business conversations, and take (or give) constructive criticism 
 Ability to meet deadlines and produce quality work 
 Demonstrated experience in managing multiple projects and navigating in a fast-paced environment 
 This 4-month internship can lead into a full-time role for the right candidate. This is a paid internship with a monthly stipend. 
 
 Must be able to work US hours (Pacific Standard Time) 
 Technology 
 React, NodeJS, Redux, Hooks, Firebase, Firestore, Google Cloud Platform 
 Other jobs at Tara AI 
 Product Designer | Remote (Global) 
 fulltime 
 Remote (US) / Remote 
 UI / UX 
 3+ years 
 Data Scientist | Remote (US) 
 fulltime 
 Remote (US) / Remote 
 Data Science 
 1+ years 
 Product Manager, Growth & Activation | Remote (US) 
 fulltime 
 Remote / Remote 
 3+ years 
 Content Intern | Remote (Global) 
 intern 
 Remote / Remote 
 Any 
 Video Intern | Remote (Global) 
 intern 
 Remote 
 Any 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
