
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Jupiter (S19) 
 Groceries on autopilot 
 Full-Stack Software Engineering Intern 
 
 Location 
 San Francisco, CA / Remote 
 Job Type 
 Internship 
 Experience 
 About Jupiter 
 At Jupiter, we’re on an (ambitious) mission to eliminate personal food waste by putting groceries on autopilot. We’re based in San Francisco and backed by Khosla Ventures, NFX, and Y Combinator (S19 batch). 
 Our goal is to make the experience of buying groceries as seamless as paying for running water. By keeping track of our customers’ consumption habits and product preferences, we aim to play a role in reducing the 8 million tons of food that go to waste every year due to spoilage by building the most personalized, comfortable grocery experience for working families. 
 About the role 
 Skills:  JavaScript, React, GraphQL, Java, Kotlin, Swift, TypeScript, Machine Learning, Microservices, Data Analytics, PostgreSQL 
 Hopping onboard our engineering team, you’ll dive right into our TypeScript/Kotlin stack and contribute to making foundational decisions around our architecture. You should be excited about building human-centered products from the ground up. You’ll have the opportunity to marry operations with data to create the most personalized predictive experience for our hundreds of homes in San Francisco. 
 Learn more about our engineering here:  https://starship.jupiter.co/jupiter-stack/ 
 Your responsibilities 
 
 Building out a seamless, beautiful customer experience with React, TypeScript, Redux, GraphQL, and/or Swift that feels comfortable and effortless for our customers. 
 Helping to build out our backend (Kotlin with gRPC on Kubernetes) beyond handling the thousands of items that our fulfillment teams process every single day. 
 Helping to shape our devops/infra with Bazel, Terraform, and beyond to streamline our CI/CD pipeline from commit to deploy. 
 Working on supercharging our data stack with predictive analytics, machine learning, and recommender systems. 
 
 You might be a great fit if you... 
 
 Are enthusiastic about learning and diving deeply into new, unfamiliar technologies 
 Are excited about taking a customer-facing product from conception to execution 
 Are thrilled about tackling challenging, gnarly technical problems around data, predictive modeling, discrete optimization, and/or operations 
 Care about writing clean, well-documented code and appreciate static typing 
 Enjoy working with a small team in a fast-paced environment 
 Are excited about reinventing the online grocery experience, starting with working families 
 
 Technology 
 Other jobs at Jupiter 
 Senior Software Engineer - Full Stack 
 fulltime 
 San Francisco, CA, USA 
 Full Stack 
 $100k - $130k 
 0.80% - 3.00% 
 3+ years 
 Full-Stack Software Engineering Intern 
 intern 
 San Francisco, CA / Remote 
 Full Stack 
 Any 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
