Main menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Articles 
 
 A Mobile Market 
 A-Z of RPGs 
 Defend Defunct 
 Gone too Soon 
 Midnight Lords 
 More than a Diversion 
 One Hour Rule 
 Patching it up 
 RPG Martyrs 
 Subtle Storytelling 
 The Boss Battle 
 The Grind 
 The Legacy of Rogue 
 The National Videogame Arcade 
 VII Squared 
 What is an RPG? 
 What's on your Phone? 
 Women of RPGs 
 
 
 Catalogue 
 Chronology 
 
 1975-1985 
 1985-1987 
 1988-1989 
 1990-1993 
 1994-1995 
 1996-1997 
 1998-1999 
 2000-2001 
 2002-2003 
 2004-2005 
 
 
 Events 
 
 7 Day RogueLike 
 FF7 Materia Lockdown 
 Four Job Fiesta 
 JRPG July 
 Summer of Suikoden 
 
 
 Interviews 
 
 4Hands Interview 
 Andi Hagen Interview 
 Archeia & Cherry Interview 
 Avid Games Interview 
 Benjamin Ficus Interview 
 Calis Projects Interview 
 Celsius Online Interview 
 Celsius Online Second Interview 
 Copenhagen Creators Interview 
 Daniel Franko Interview 
 Downcast Systems Interview 
 Edgebee Interview 
 Everywear Games Interview 
 Fantasync Interview 
 Flat Black Films Interview 
 Funky Panda Interview 
 Gigataur Interview 
 Haiku Games Interview 
 Jason Pickering Interview 
 Kurechii Interview 
 Larva Labs Interview 
 Mangobile Interview 
 Quite Fresh Games Interview 
 Redshift Interview 
 SFC Interview 
 Side Quest Interview 
 SPQR Soft Interview 
 The Soap Collective Interview 
 The Spirit Engine Interview 
 Three Brothers Interview 
 Volker Elzner Interview 
 Wave Light Games Interview 
 Zack Johnson Interview 
 
 
 Overview 
 
 My Boxed Universe 
 
   
 RSS 
 Four Job Fiesta 
 Final Fantasy V is a landmark title for many, not originally released outside of Japan it came to us in the west later, after Final Fantasy VII had released to near-universal acclaim and displayed the potential of a versatile job and class system like no other game has before or since. Of course others have tried, the original Final Fantasy offered a choice of party from several class types, and Final Fantasy III allowed you to switch classes mid-play, as did several Dragon Quest titles, but FFV somehow did it in a way that's been almost impossible to better. This is the crux of the  Four Job Fiesta  , which runs to raise money for charity every year. 
 The premise is simple. You replay the game on any one of its multiple ports from start to finish, but the catch is that you are given a randomly selected job for each of the four crystals (Wind, Water, Earth and Fire) and can only use that class. This has the dual effect of showing how balanced the game really is, and presenting a unique challenge to the player as they are forced to play up the strengths and hide the weaknesses of each class. Classes are dished out on Twitter, with 'Gilgabot' passing out each decision on request, and players are encouraged to Tweet and share their experiences as they play. All those taking part are tracked and recorded on the main website too, making it fairly obvious who made it to the end and who quit early. It is possible to change a decision, with a donation and an email you can be manually reassigned a new class, but you're expected to do this before you start levelling and playing at each crystal rather than after to keep the experience fair. 
 The experience is 100% non-profit and supported by many established sites such as RPGamer and RPGFan, with the 2016 event money going directly toward '  Child's Play ' a charity for children that is closely linked to the gaming industry. You can follow MBU's attempts to conquer the game each year on our Twitter account  @Cascade_Studios  and share in our victories and woes. 
 #FF5FOURJOBFIESTA JULY 2016  [VERSION PLAYED: PLAYSTATION ONE PORT] 
 
 Selecting to play the game through on perhaps its worst port, but the first one to officially reach the United Kingdom (emulation and translation patches non-withstanding) as it was my first year gave me a few options of platform on which to play. The original hardware, through a PlayStation 2 or either digitally or disc on the PlayStation 3. In the interests of purity I chose to use the original PS1 disc but played it on the PS3 to save rigging up a specific console. Though there are loading times that you wouldn't find on the original cart on the SNES, the game is as playable as ever and lends itself well to sessions in the morning and evening around work and other tasks. 
 THIEF (Wind Crystal) 
 The selection of jobs on my first outing was quite a challenge, being first denied access to healing or offensive magic whilst not being able to deal out as much damage as a pure warrior-based class. I had to put more effort into using items to help me get through battles unscathed, and the Thief's natural ability to steal these did come in quite handy in saving cash. Their ability to see hidden paths, run faster and prevent back-attacks all came in very useful over the course of the games earlier segments, when my party were low levelled and gear wasn't in plentiful supply. 
 RED MAGE (Water Crystal) 
 Getting the Red Mage at the Water Crystal was a relief at first, adding some basic magic to my arsenal whilst not being a massive step down in terms of combat proficiency for my party from the Thief. As the game became harder however it began to become painfully apparent that the effectiveness of these low-level spells had a limited period of usefulness and soon using the dual-cast ability was the only way to heal a sufficient amount or deal any considerable elemental damage without falling back on items. 
 RANGER (Fire Crystal) 
 Receiving the Ranger job at the Fire Crystal was an interesting change of pace, flipping my armory to bows and calling upon a variety of animals to buff the party or attack the enemy based on the location of my party. Unlocking Rapid Fire was a game-changer, allowing my team to attack four times in a row and dishing out a considerable amount of damage once better equipment had been procured. Luckily, arrows aren't expended in the same manner they were for Rosa in Final Fantasy IV and deal just as much damage from the more protected back-row position. 
 DANCER (Earth Crystal) 
 Finally, the Earth Crystal granted my party the powers of the Dancer. And my heart sank when the realization hit me that I'd missed out on Dragoon and Samurai in favor of a class rooted in flirting with the enemy and fighting with ribbons. Arguably the weakest melee job in the game, I adopted a mixture of the front-row 'Sword Dance' strategy (using the Rainbow Dress, Lamia Tiara and Red Shoes) and back-row boosting of elemental attacks such as Wind and Earth, splitting my party 2/2 for the first time. I'm informed that had I mastered this job on a more modern port I'd have unlocked an achievement - and though I don't tend to go in for these often a little reward would be nice, this was an uphill struggle in the games final act but ultimately the game was completed and those end credits rolled. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 
 
 
 January 2021 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 
 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 
 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 
 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 31 
 
 
 
 « Aug 
 Categories 
 Categories Select Category 0 Stars 1 Star 2 Stars 3 Stars 4 Stars 5 Stars Action RPG Browser Card RPG Console CRPG Desktop Dungeon Crawl Handheld Indy Interactive Fiction JRPG JRPG July KRPG Location Based RPG Megadrive MMORPG Mobile Pen and Paper RPG Puzzle RPG RogueLike Shooter Social Strategy RPG Summer of Suikoden tablets Tactical RPG Tapper Text Based Uncategorized Visual Novel WRPG  Follow My Boxed Universe on WordPress.com 
 Tags 
 1 Star   2 Stars   3 Stars   4 Stars   5 Stars   Action RPG   Android   apple   Bioware   Browser   card   Card Game   Card RPG   Console   Desktop   Dragon Age   dungeon   Dungeon Crawl   Final Fantasy   Flash   Game Boy   Genesis   Handheld   Indy   iOS   ipad   iphone   JRPG   Kemco   Kingdom   Kingdom Hearts   Konami   KRPG   Level 5   Match 3   Megadrive   MMORPG   Mobile   Nintendo   Nippon Ichi   PC   Phones   Playstation   Playstation Network   Pokemon   PS2   PS3   PS4   psn   PSOne   PSP   Puzzle RPG   quest   Review   RogueLight   Roguelike   rpg   Sega   Shining Force   SNES   Social   Sony   Square   SquareEnix   Squaresoft   Steam   strategy rpg   Suikoden   tablet   Tablets   Tactical RPG   tactics   Text Based   Visual Novel   WRPG 
 MBU on Twitter! 
 My Tweets 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
