  
 Backstage Pass with Lia Chang 
 
 Backstage Pass with Lia Chang's New Look 
 HIDE AND SEEK, named one of the top 10 winning films of the 11th annual #72HRSO filmmaking competition; Lia Chang receives Best Actress Nomination 
 About Lia 
 Big Trouble in Little China Cast Reunion 
 Crafting A Career 
 Awards, Exhibitions and Published Work 
 
 Art and Healing Exhibition at Snug Harbor Cultural Center on Staten Island features works by Andy Warhol, Romare Bearden, Alexander Calder, Lia Chang and other artists 
 Works by Andy Warhol, Romare Bearden, Alexander Calder and Other Renowned Artists, including My Empire State Building at Dusk (2007) 
 My portrait of "New York actor Thom Sesma’s Makeup Transformation into Scar in The Lion King" on view in HHC’s New York City: IN FOCUS, Vol. 2 Photo Exhibition through 7/14 
 Portraits of New York Chinatown after 9/11 by Lia Chang in "Post 9/11": Commemorative Display at Library of Congress 
 Botanical Portraits by Lia Chang commissioned for Long Island University (LIU) School of Nursing at King’s County Hospital Center 
 Gouverneur Healthcare Services Hosts “RED” Photographic Exhibit by Lia Chang As Part of Chinese New Year Celebration 
 Performing Arts Images from the Asian American Pacific Islander Collection on Display at the Library of Congress to Celebrate APA Heritage Month 
 Lia Chang Theater Portfolio at Library of Congress 
 
 
 Lia Chang Bibliography 
 Lia Chang Film and TV Clips 
 Articles by Lia Chang Archive 
 
 Benefits 
 Asian American Community and Activism 
 Journalists 
 Chefs & Food 
 Jeanne's Sakata's Hold These Truths Starring Joel de la Fuente 
 Obits and Memorials 
 
 
 Arts and Entertainment 
 
 Awards 
 Theater 
 Art & Photography 
 Books 
 Fashion 
 Film 
 Gardens & Travel 
 Music 
 Television 
 
 
 Photography 
 
 Cameras and More 
 Event Photography 
 Performance Photography 
 
 
 Interviews and Profiles 
 
 Remembering Meshach Taylor, 1947 - 2014 
 André De Shields 
 
 Broadway-Bound #GottaDance starring André De Shields, Lillias White, Georgia Engel, Stefanie Powers, Lori Tan Chinn and More 
 
 
 David Henry Hwang 
 Garth Kravits 
 Peter Jay Fernandez 
 Thom Sesma 
 Joel de la Fuente 
 Richard Thomas 
 Stephen Adly Guirgis 
 Rajiv Joseph 
 BD Wong 
 Jose Llana 
 
 
 2013 National Black Theatre Festival Photos: Gala, Power Play and Knock Me A Kiss 
 
 Crafting A Career 
 Lia Chang. Photo by Garth Kravits 
 When I sat down to write about my experiences as an Asian American actor, I thought it would be a piece of cake. Each day in pursuit of my craft has been equal parts adventure and balancing act as I've juggled my film, television and theater career. But though I have been an actor since my teens, I found it difficult to write about a subject so close to my heart. 
 When I first started out in film, each role was a challenge. In 1985 I made my screen debut in a movie called the  The Last Dragon . Initially hired to be a karate villain, I reported to the set and was informed I looked too innocent to be in a gang of killers. I got switched over to the good guys--a smaller role, and not as much fun. In 1986, with  Big Trouble in Little China  , I proved myself sufficiently evil and graduated to the ranks of the bad guys. And in  King of New York  I learned how to shoot an Uzi and died my first on-screen death. 
 
 Shinko Isobe, James Lew, Lia Chang, Dian Tanaka and Donna Noguchi on the set of Big Trouble in Little China in 1985. 
 Although these first few roles were great technical experience, I was happy when subsequent roles allowed me to play characters who weren't simply killing or waiting to be killed. In the early 90's I appeared as a shoe saleslady in  A Kiss Before Dying  and a hotel desk clerk in  Wolf.  In  The Tax Man  the director gave me insights into my receptionist character and let me ad lib as the scene went along. Of these roles, none were written specifically for an Asian actor, and the casting directors approached these projects with a non-traditional casting eye. Finally, opportunities to portray normal human beings instead of the stereotypical characters generally written for Asians-hookers, maids, gangsters and fresh-off-the-boat victims. 
 
 Lia Chang as a gangster's gun moll in Abel Ferrara's King of New York 
 Click below to watch clips of my latest episode of One Life to Live, and scenes from the movies King of New York and New Jack City. 
 
 Lia Chang and Brendan Murphy in the Cucaracha Theatre's production of Richard Caliban's Famine Plays in New York in 1990. Photo by Richard Caliban 
 As a sixth generation Chinese American, I lobby for positive balanced portrayals of Asian Americans. And as a professional actor, I seek roles that will allow me to play meaningful and varied characters, whether those characters are specifically Asian or not. After working in these films, I knew I would have more opportunities to act and stay fresh as an artist if I headed for the downtown New York experimental theater scene. 
 
 Lia Chang in the dressing room of the Theatre at St. Clement's in New York before the performance of Ed Pomerantz's A Tune Beyond Us on February 15, 2009. 
 In downtown theater I quickly found I was hired for parts because I could embody the character, and not because of my ethnicity. It was welcome change, and it gave me new energy and a chance to acquire new acting skills. In two live theater soap operas-Jeff Weiss's Obie Award-winning  Hot Keys  and Cucaracha's  Underground Soap  --I honed my comedic timing playing four different characters, including an anchorwoman, an Eastern European spy lady, a teenage pothead nymphomaniac, and a Japanese American woman who plays psuedo-geisha for her Japanese husband. With the writing changing from week to week, I could be funny, sensual, aggressive and racy. 
 
 Stephen Sable and Lia Chang in Jeff Weiss' Hot Keys at P.S. 122 in New York in 1993. 
 I find that downtown theater, and particularly avant-garde productions, are great for developing artists because there are no rules or boundaries. There is more latitude to be inventive and collaborative--especially when compared to the gun molls and the Asian victims I had played earlier. 
 
 David Carroll as Lt. Cable and Lia Chang as Liat in South Pacific in 1986 
 Most of the productions I worked in were non-traditionally cast, but in 1993, I was introduced through New Dramatists and The Women's Project to plays written by Asian American writers Cherylene Lee and Diana Son. Finally contemporary material I could relate to with characters of substance who faced universal issues. In Diana Son's  RAW ( 'Cause I'm a Woman) , I played an Asian American woman responding to sexual stereotypes. I also played a Korean American woman who doesn't understand when her boyfriend tells her in Korean that he loves her. In Cherylene Lee's  Knock Off Balance  , my character Dorris Ango is a wealthy Hong Kong businesswoman in search of actors for a movie about arranged marriage. 
 
 Robert Goulet, Lia Chang and David Carroll at the closing night party for South Pacific in San Antonio, TX in September 1986. 
 Most recently, reading Amy Tan's story  Half and Half  in Symphony Space's  Celebration of The Short Story  proved to be a truly rewarding experience. I found I could draw from my own cultural background in presenting the story of Rose Hsu Jordan, a woman whose brother's death by drowning and mother's loss of faith impact her own life choices. What I liked about sharing the work of Amy Tan, Cherylene Lee, and Diana Son was the opportunity to access and acknowledge the Chinese part of myself and my family history. Through my research for each role, I gained insight into my own heritage. 
 
 Lia Chang in the dressing room of the ABC-TV daytime soap opera One Life to Live in New York on June 9, 2010. 
 Today, I appear as Nurse Lia on  One Life to Live  , but I still find that the theater, film and television industries still do not reflect the diversity of our society, and studios rarely envision an Asian American actor for a role unless the script calls for an Asian face. In order for Asian American actors to grow, we need to nurture Asian American writers and directors, and see people of color in positions of influence at the studios. 
 
 Lia Chang (center) with Sam Shepard and the cast of the Signature Theatre's production of Chicago on the set at The Public Theatre in New York in 1996. 
 Excerpts of this article originally appeared in the spring 1998 issue of  Dialogue  , a publication of the Asian American Arts Alliance. 
 Other Articles by this author 
 Broadwayworld.com Photo Flash: Library of Congress' IN REHEARSAL Exhibit 
 Photos: On the town with Rick Shiomi, Co-Editor of “Asian American Plays for a New Generation”, in D.C. & NY 
 Lia Chang Theater Portfolio at Library of Congress Features Photos of Thom Sesma’s Makeup Transformation as Scar in Disney’s The Lion King Las Vegas, Robert Lee and Leon Ko’s Heading East Starring BD Wong, David Henry Hwang’s Chinglish, and Samrat Chakrabarti and Sanjiv Jhaveri’s Bakwas Bumbug! on View Through August 2 
 Photos: Rick Shiomi Checks out Performing Arts Playwrights Series in the Asian American Pacific Islander Collection of Library of Congress; Attends "Asian American Plays for a New Generation" Book Signing in NY on 7/29 
 broadwayworld.com: Chinglish in Rehearsal 
 asiancemagazine.com: New Anthology of Asian American Plays Book Talk 
 Photos by Lia Chang at the Shanghai World Expo 2010’s USA Pavilion, Library of Congress and Hollywood Chinese: The Arthur Dong Collection in L.A. 
 Lia Chang’s Botanical Beauties Portrait Commission at School of Nursing at Kings County Hospital Center 
 Photo Call: Derek Walcott's Marie Laveau 
 My Botanical Beauties for the LIU/King’s County Hospital Center Nursing School 
 RED opening reception at Gouverneur Healthcare Services 
 AAJA member Lia Chang's RED photographic exhibit part of Chinese New Year celebration 
 nydailynews.com: Powerplay 
 nydailynews.com: Special Events to Mark 9-11 
 Celebrating my mom - AN ACTIVE VISION: BEVERLY UMEHARA…LABOR ACTIVIST…1945-1999  
 Port of Entry:The Angel island Immigration Station 
 nytimes.com: review/theater: Gulliver 
 nytimes.com review/theater: A Politically Correct Two Gentlemen 
 nytimes.com review/theater: Dark Visions of America in a Modern Depression 
 Awards Exhibitions and Published Work 
Click   here  for the Lia Chang Articles Archive. 
 
 All text, graphics, articles & photographs: © 2000-2010 Lia Chang Multimedia. All rights reserved. All materials contained on this site are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of Lia Chang. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content. For permission, please contact Lia at liachang@hotmail.com. 
 
 Photo by Lia Chang 
 Lia Chang  is an actor, performance and fine art botanical photographer and an  award-winning multimedia journalist . 
 As a photographer and videographer, Lia is frequently tapped to collaborate with artists, organizations and companies in establishing their documentary photo archive. She has been documenting her colleagues and contemporaries in the arts, fashion and journalism since making her stage debut as Liat in the National Tour of South Pacific, with Robert Goulet and Barbara Eden. 
 Lia last appeared onstage in Derek Walcott's Marie Laveau at the Castillo Theatre. She was featured as Joy in the Signature Theater Company’s revival of Sam Shepard’s 1965 Obie award winning play, Chicago directed by Joseph Chaikin at the Public Theater. Off Broadway credits include: Jeff Weiss’ Obie Award winning Hot Keys (Naked Angels), Raunchy Asian Women (Ohio Theatre), The Confirmation (The Vineyard), Behind Closed Doors (MCC), Power Play (Billie Holiday Theatre), Two Gentlemen of Verona, Underground Soap, and Famine Plays (Cucaracha Theatre). Film and TV credits include: “Wolf”. “New Jack City”, ”Kiss Before Dying”, “King of New York”, “Big Trouble in Little China,” “The Last Dragon,” “Taxman,” “As the World Turns” and “New York Undercover.” 
 Lia’s portraits and performance photos have appeared in Vanity Fair, Gourmet, German Elle, Women’s Wear Daily, The Paris Review, VIBE, TV Guide, Daily Variety, Interior Design, American Theatre, Life & Style, OUT, New York Magazine, InStyle, Timeout.com, Villagevoice.com, Playbill.com, Theatermania.com, The Wall Street Journal, Financial Times, USA Today, The Boston Globe, New York Times and Washington Post. A former syndicated arts and entertainment columnist for KYODO News, Lia is the New York Bureau Chief for AsianConnections.com. She writes about culture, style and Asian American issues for a variety of publications and this  Backstage Pass with Lia Chang blog . In July, selections of Lia's archive of Asian Pacific Americans in the arts, fashion, journalism, politics and space will become part of THE LIA CHANG THEATER PORTFOLIO in the ASIAN PACIFIC AMERICAN PERFORMING ARTS COLLECTION housed in the Library of Congress Asian Division's Asian American Pacific Islander Collection. 
 All text, graphics, articles & photographs: © 2000-2010 Lia Chang Multimedia. All rights reserved. All materials contained on this site are protected by United States copyright law and may not be reproduced, distributed, transmitted, displayed, published or broadcast without the prior written permission of Lia Chang. You may not alter or remove any trademark, copyright or other notice from copies of the content. For permission, please contact Lia at liachang@hotmail.com. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Email 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Social 
 
 View liachang's profile on Facebook 
 View liachang's profile on Twitter 
 View liachangphotography's profile on Instagram 
 View liachangphoto's profile on Pinterest 
 View liachang's profile on LinkedIn 
 View liachang's profile on YouTube 
 
 Search for: 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Follow Backstage Pass with Lia Chang on WordPress.com 
 Search for: 
 Blogroll 
 
 AAJA Website 
 Lia Chang Photography Website 
 Lia Chang Website 
 
 Social 
 
 View lia.chang's profile on Facebook 
 View liachang's profile on Twitter 
 View liachangphotography's profile on Instagram 
 View liachangphoto's profile on Pinterest 
 View liachang's profile on LinkedIn 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
