Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Principal Developer - Web (React)/Mobile 
 Loblaw Digital 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 At Loblaw Digital, we know that our customers expect the best from us. Whether that means building the best, most innovative online shopping experience, or designing an app that will impact the lives of people across the country, we’re up for the challenge. Either working remotely or in-person at our office in Downtown Toronto, we’ve created leading eCommerce experiences in the online grocery shopping, beauty, pharmacy, and apparel spaces, and we’re only just getting started. 
 The team you will be joining creates the software powering the PC Express online shopping platform for groceries and household goods. Every day we live and breathe our core value of placing the "Customer at the Centre". A successful day for us is one where we can go home knowing we made a positive difference in the lives of Canadians, because we genuinely care about the people that use our platform. Building software is great, but building software that impacts lives is that much more rewarding. 
 To be part of our group is to always be looking for the best way to do something for our customers. As a digital business, we diligently adhere to the Build, Measure, Learn feedback loop. We build things to see how they perform in the real world, measure that performance, and use the results to test our assumptions and hypothesis. Sometimes that may mean a great idea or piece of code has to go away, but that is a small price to pay to ensure we are building the right things and solving the needs of our users. 
What You'll Do 
As the Principal Software Developer working within the PC Express Client organization, you will: 
Set the technical direction for the PC Express client teams working on our web and mobile applications 
Ensure our development teams understand and are bought into this direction 
Partner with your engineering director counterpart to engage with business stakeholders in order to understand their goals and future technological needs 
Push our technology and engineering practices forward in order to achieve the future needs of our business 
Engage with the broader web and mobile community to seek out new technologies and advocate for the needs of our customers 
Does this sound like you? 
You have seen a lot as a very experienced front-end expert. You have practiced your trade working on both web and mobile applications over your many years of experience. You are an expert in at least one of those domains and can work confidently in the other 
You care deeply about accessibility and building captivating experiences that all people can interact with in the manner best suited for them 
Enjoy staying up to speed on the latest developments in front-end technology while maintaining a critical view on what ones may suit our platform and customers best 
Proven excellence in ETE system design from the client down to the backend services 
Exceptional ability to communicate technical designs and ideas to a diverse audience of technical and non-technical individuals 
Ability to write code that clearly demonstrates engineering best practices 
Experience building and maintaining large-scale web and/or mobile applications 
How you’ll succeed 
 At Loblaw Digital, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. We’re able to keep innovating because our colleagues are passionate about their work and excited about the future of eCommerce. You will get to work with some of the best digital minds and will have the support of world class technologies to craft products our customers will love! 
 Loblaw Digital recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. 
In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
