  
 
 Jobs 
 Features 
 Newsletter 
 Login 
 
 Talent  Startup 
 I am a 
 Jobseeker Talent 
 or a 
 Hiring Startup 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign up using linkedin   __ 
 Hello 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign in using linkedin   __ 
 Employers  __ 
 Employers  __ 
 __filters __search 
 Filter by category 
 All Jobs Developer Jobs Marketing Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Manager Jobs Customer Support Jobs Sales Jobs Data and Product Jobs Internships Co-Founder Roles Designer Jobs People and Other Jobs 
 Filter by type 
 full-time part-time freelance 
 Advanced Search 
 search jobs __ 
 Marketing & PR Lead 
 at Ensoi 
 go back to Marketing Jobs 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 
 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 A unique opportunity for a Marketing & PR Lead to join the team! 
 Whereabouts:  London? 
 Interviews:  Send your CV with the answers to 2 questions (see bottom of Ad), 30-minute introduction call, if successful we will give you a short task to complete ahead of a 1-hour call 
 Reporting to:  Me!  Clare Lichfield , Founder & CEO 
 ----------- 
 _Your mission at Ensoi:  _ 
 To devise, own and execute the marketing strategy for Ensoi to be best positioned to lead in the womenswear market. _This will be your guiding principle for at least the next 12 months.  _ 
 Our mission: 
 To eradicate 'wardrobe meltdowns' and give women the truly feminist fashion they want and deserve. 
 ----------- 
 What we 're all about: 
 We know you don 't want to be sold a chic myth anymore. You don't want throwaway flings. You want clothes worthy of a long-term relationship. Clothes that elevate and celebrate your personal style - and your tits, while they're at it. 
 Made to order, made to fit and made to last, Ensoi pieces transcend trends and slip seamlessly into your wardrobe. Layered over long sleeves and simple tees, or under sharp tailoring and slouchy knitwear, our delicate camis and slip dresses are high/low heroes that make getting dressed a breeze. And of course, no more 'shelf support' or strapless stick-on nightmares. Just easy, effortless design that works with your body, not against it. 
 _We 're not perfect but we're making progress! _ 
 At Ensoi, we believe in uplift for everyone - which is why our supply chain is transparent, our workers are paid fairly, and we're always striving to make every element of our business as sustainable as we can, from fibre to fastenings, packaging and beyond. 
 What we 're looking for in our Marketing Lead: 
 We're looking for someone with proven experience. You'll be able to seamlessly translate our purpose and values into creative content across various social channels and devise and execute our marketing strategy. You'll be able to balance executional work with strategy and planning, be customer-obsessed and have fun whilst doing so. You are comfortable working autonomously but also enjoy working closely with the Founder, getting your hands dirty with different tasks that pop up due to the nature of working in an early stage business. 
 Your attributes: 
 You are brave -  confident in cutting through the noise and know how to have impact 
 You have a   bias to action  - you understand time is precious and know how to get s**t done 
 You take pride in your work  - you want to do your best work and no stone gets left unturned 
 Your previous experience: 
 
 
 You have an excellent understanding of the various social-media platforms. Proven experience of driving exponential digital growth (primarily Instagram and TikTok) and have run successful targeted ads campaigns, 
 
 
 You have have proven experience working with marketing tactics and Go-to-Market strategies, 
 
 
 You have demonstrated success in positioning and launching products that meet and exceed business objectives, 
 
 
 You have a sharp command of written English: a unique, witty and smart writing style, 
 
 
 You have developed marketing strategies that are centred around brave, powerful, fun but tasteful content, 
 
 
 You have experience working in fashion PR and pride yourself on the long-lasting relationships with the press, stylists and influencers you have built. 
 
 
 How we 'll measure your success: 
 
 You will have built a community on social media who really engage in our content; they care for our story, our vision and products. 
 You will have sowed the seeds for long-lasting, strong relationships with press and PR managers, they're always excited to hear from you. 
 We're known for our unique writing style and that's all down to your creativity and bravery to create witty, standout content and campaigns. 
 
 Your Responsibilities: 
 
 Planning and executing the Marketing strategy, 
 Determine the positioning and messaging framework for Ensoi and its products, 
 Establish and understand the customer profile for Ensoi and how best to communicate to them, 
 Carefully curating the brand and what it stands for into a cult status, using impactful visuals that speak to our values, 
 Design the development and launch of campaigns and batch releases, 
 Work closely with our Content Assistant to craft engaging, witty and unique content for all social platforms, 
 Establish key differentiators and our positioning within the competitor landscape, 
 Work closely with our Founder to better understand our customers in both their needs and behaviours, 
 Prospecting potential customer types and designing campaigns to resonate with them, 
 Initiate and develop strong and collaborative relationships with influencers and press relations, 
 Design and deliver our communication approach of being a market leader for change in the fashion industry; for cleaner, better and fairer practices on a global scale. 
 
 Your Progression: 
 
 You'll be managing and leading the marketing strategy in an exciting stage of our growth, we're excited to see where you take it. 
 There are many opportunities for career development and the sky's the limit, we're here to serve women and make an impact. The opportunity to grow with the role is there for the taking, if you're up for the challenge! 
 At Ensoi, everyone gets their hands dirty, so if you spot an opportunity or have an idea, you'll be given the time and resources to make your vision a reality. 
 
 Sounds like you? 
 Please send your CV along with the answer to these 2 questions. 
 1. What brands would you say are cutting through the noise, being brave and making themselves unforgettable? And, why? 
 2. What would you say is the biggest barrier or mistake that new fashion brands are making when breaking into social media? 
 Published at 10 Jan 2021 - Expires on 10 Mar 2021 
 You need to be logged in to apply.   Login  or  create an account . 
 Is this job ad fake? Report it! 
 ×  Warning! 
 __get the latest startup jobs emailed to you 
 Developer Jobs Designer Jobs Internships Marketing Jobs Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Co-Founder Roles Data and Product Jobs People and Other Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Customer Support Jobs 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;  
 and 
  Privacy Policy  
 and Cookie Use. 
 New Jobs Alert created! 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;   
 and 
  Privacy Policy   
 and Cookie Use. 
 
 
 * [Terms of Service](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/terms)
 
 
 Privacy 
 Cookie Policy 
 Acceptable Use Policy 
 Still Hiring 
 
 
 
 * [About Us](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/about)
 
 
 FAQ 
 Cities 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 * [__Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/workinstartups/)
 
 
 __Twitter 
 __Instagram 
 Blog 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Work In Startups 
 This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  Read more  Close 
