Skip to primary content 
 The Most Revolutionary Act 
 Uncensored updates on world events, economics, the environment and medicine 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 A Rebel Comes of Age 
 The Most Revolutionary Act (memoir) 
 The Battle for Tomorrow 
 21st Century Revolution (free ebook) 
 About the Author 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous   Next -> 
 America’s rich work from home & whine while poor lose jobs or get exposed to coronavirus – poll 
 Quote 
 Posted on  April 2, 2020  by   stuartbramhall 
 FILE PHOTO. A bicycle delivery person rides through a mostly deserted Times Square. ©REUTERS / Carlo Allegri 
 Poorer Americans are more likely to have lost their job or be forced to work as usual amid the coronavirus epidemic. But those in the upper classes can work remotely while stressing out about the crisis. 
 At least that’s the indication of an  Axios/Ipsos  poll about the working status and emotional wellbeing of people in the US. Almost half of upper middle class Americans have switched to working from home amid the health crisis. The same is true for 39 percent of the upper class. 
 In contrast, only three percent of lower economic strata had the same luxury. Between 26 and 34 percent of lower-to-middle class Americans are working the same way as they did before the outbreak, exposing themselves to a greater risk of being infected. And 15 to 20 percent have lost their jobs. 
 But the Americans who are better off tend to be more upset about the situation than their economically struggling compatriots, according to the poll. Almost half of the rich (47 percent) said their emotional well-being has gotten worse, compared to 34 percent on the other side of the socioeconomic scale […] 
 via  America’s rich work from home & whine while poor lose jobs or get exposed to coronavirus – poll 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  Uncategorized  by  stuartbramhall . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 2 thoughts on "America’s rich work from home & whine while poor lose jobs or get exposed to coronavirus – poll" 
 
 TheChattyIntrovert  on  April 4, 2020 at 3:18 am  said: 
 
 I'm one of the poorer middle class still working at the job because somebody's gotta do it. Technically they offered to shut down what I typically do for our health, but I have no benefits as a part-time employee and was gonna end up going without pay (or scraps of it) for nearly two months. That was not an option, and the way I looked at it, I'm trying to be helpful out and about (because nothing makes me feel worse than feeling useless, which I would be feeling at home without an outlet). As long as I'm feeling fine and don't suspect i might've gotten exposed, I'm staying open. If I even think there's a possibility I might have been exposed, however, I can let the boss know and they'll shut us down. I have no argument with that, but considering how many are looking for jobs right now, or have some lined up and are just waiting for "normal" to come back, or have to take their law enforcement tests (which I'm allowed to proctor), I couldn't say shut down while there was a chance I could help do something… at least for a little while. 
 I just have to make sure I'm not lying to myself about my health and my own concerns, because it's been my modus operandi my whole damned life to put my own health and concerns aside to help out other people. But this is one case where I can't afford to do that, and I have to remind myself of that a dozen times a day now. 
 Like Like 
 Reply ↓ 
 
 stuartbramhall  on  April 4, 2020 at 7:44 pm  said: 
 
 Wow, ChattyIntrovert. Sounds like you're between a rock and a hard place. Are you wearing a mask? After watching this video, I am convinced that even a home made mask is better than nothing (some of the hospitals have been approaching volunteers for handmade masks - they don't protect you against aerosols but they do against droplets - which is the most common method of transmission. I will be making a mask later today from a t-shirt. 
 Here are the instructions for making one from a t-shirt: 
 Like Like 
 Reply ↓ 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 %d bloggers like this: 
