Toggle navigation 
 
 Job Search 
 Recruiters 
 Contact Us 
 About Us 
 
   
 What  job do you want? 
 Job titles, keywords, company or description 
 Where  do you want to work? 
 City, State, or Zip 
 Find Jobs   Advanced Search  
 jobs found 
 Search Radius 5 miles 10 miles 15 miles 25 miles 50 miles 100 miles 200 miles 
Job Posting Age 
 Since Yesterday 
 Within 3 Days 
 Within 7 Days 
 Within 15 Days 
 Anytime 
 Job Type 
 Full time 
 Part time 
 All 
 Popular Search Terms 
 92F Petroleum Supply Specialist 
 Diesel Mechanic 
 Project Manager 
 Fuel Service Associate 
 [Diesel Technician/Mechanic II](/jobs/search/Diesel%2BTechnician%2BMechanic II/?postingage=anytime&jobtype=alltime) 
 Electrical Engineer 
 Mechanical Engineer 
 Find your Oil and Gas job  If you are enticed by a position in an industry experiencing one of the biggest booms in decades, then venture into the world of oil and gas jobs. Many petroleum workers spend part of their time on location at drilling sites, and the rest of their time in the comfort of their own home. Extracting oil and gas deposits found deep underground in rock formations requires working closely with geologists to determine the best way to obtain these resources both safely and efficiently. Overseeing these drilling operations can take place both on land or at sea. The opportunities are endless and waiting for you to take advantage of a career in the oil and gas industry! 
 Get Email Alerts for new  Gas  within  50  miles of  Fairfield, CT 06828 
 advertisement 
 __ 
 Before we take you to your job... 
 Activate Email Job Alerts 
 Sign up to receive job alerts in 
 GET ALERTS! 
 No thanks, take me to my job 
 Manage my email alerts 
 Thank you! You will now receive job alerts. 
 Thank you! You are being taken to your job. 
 Create Job Alert  __ 
 __   Email me job alerts 
 136 
 Truck Driver - Multiple Positions Available - Excellent Benefits 
 KAG - Merchant Gas 
 Weston,CT 
 Now Seeking CDL-A Company DriversEnjoy Your Home Life With KAG - Multiple Positions AvailableA driving career shouldn't leave you choosing between being home or making great money. With KAG Merchant Gas, you will... 
 
 1.5 days ago 
 More Information 
 
 
 Utility Locator 
 USIC 
 New Haven,CT 
 To apply, simply TEXT USIC to 25000 and our virtual assistant Olivia will connect you with our hiring team today.Are you looking to jump start your career? Would you like to work for the fastest growing and most trusted name in underground... 
 
 2.5 days ago 
 More Information 
 
 
 LNG Technician SCG (17262 SCG) Oronoque, CT 
 AVANGRID 
 Milford,CT 
 Location - Oronoque DEPARTMENT: Production and Gas ControlOverview Under general supervision, performs all the tasks and major responsibilities of an LNG Technician including but not limited to the major duties and responsibilities listed. Also... 
 
 6.5 days ago 
 More Information 
 
 
 Commercial Parts Pro 
 Advance Auto Parts 
 Stratford,CT 
 Job DescriptionCommercial Parts Pro The Commercial Parts Professional is an advanced level sales position capable of providing expert customer care to professional... 
 
 13.5 days ago 
 More Information 
 
 
 Diesel Mechanic 
 First Group 
 Danbury,CT 
 Are you ready to take your career as a Diesel Technician/Mechanic to the next level?!? At First Student, our technicians/mechanics are an integral part of the communities they serve. They are committed to safety, customer... 
 
 4.5 days ago 
 More Information 
 
 
 advertisement 
 Nuclear Operations 
 Navy 
 Greenwich,CT 
 ABOUT Nuclear technicians, power plant operators and subsystems specialists are responsible for keeping vital Naval submarines and aircraft carriers running. These highly trained, hands-on professionals perform the complex technical functions that... 
 
 7.5 days ago 
 More Information 
 
 
 Fuel Service Manager 
 Mobil 
 Milford,CT 
 For more than 135 years, ExxonMobil has been developing quality fuel products to get people where they need to go. From the early days of Standard Oil and Socony-Vacuum Oil, to the brands by which we are known today Exxon, Mobil, and Esso we are... 
 
 6.5 days ago 
 More Information 
 
 
 Diesel Technician/Mechanic III - Entry Level 
 Penske Logistics 
 Sandy Hook,CT 
 Description:What's the Job?Ready to accelerate your career while helping our customers move forward? As a Technician III at Penske, you?ll do exactly that. Here, you?ll do preventative maintenance... 
 
 0.5 days ago 
 More Information 
 
 
 Engineering Manager, Gas Asset Engineering 
 NATIONAL GRID CO USA (NE POWER) 
 Huntington,NY 
 About usNational Grid is hiring a Manager, Data Analytics and Records for our Gas Asset Engineering department in NE/ NY.Every day we deliver safe and secure energy to homes,... 
 
 3.5 days ago 
 More Information 
 
 
 Gas Station Manager 
 Cumberland Farms 
 Commack,NY 
 If you are a high energy person who enjoys leading and building a team in a service based environment, this job is for you! As a Gas Station Manager you will entrusted to guide your team members in delivering an exceptional guest experience, operatio... 
 
 10.5 days ago 
 More Information 
 
 
 
 
 « 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 » 
 
 
 Popular Careers 
 
 
 Part Time Job 
 
 
 Customer Service 
 
 
 Data Entry 
 
 
 Nurse 
 
 
 Retail 
 
 
 Insurance 
 
 
 Legal Associate 
 
 
 Medic 
 
 
 Secretary 
 
 
 Restaurant 
 
 
 Security Guard 
 
 
 Warehouse Work 
 
 
 Sales 
 
 
 Trucking 
 
 
 Oil and Gas 
 
 
 Hair Stylist 
 
 
 Developer 
 
 
 Escrow 
 
 
 Massage Therapist 
 
 
 Finance 
 
 
 Hotel 
 
 
 Solar 
 
 
 Logistics 
 
 
 Engineering 
 
 
 Hire Search 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 
 Job Search 
 
 
 Terms of Use and Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Point of Collection 
 
 
 Notice California Residents – Exercise Your Rights 
 
 
 Do Not Sell My Personal Information 
 
 
 Recruiters 
 
 
 Testimonials 
 
 
 Unsubscribe 
 
 
         
 
