Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Administration Manager (Retail Store) 
 Arctic Co-operatives Limited 
 __Yellowknife, NT 
 Apply Now 
 Title: Financial Administration Manager 
Co-op: Yellowknife Direct Charge Co-op 
Location: Yellowknife, Northwest Territories 
 Benefits of working at Yellowknife Co-op include: a competitive salary, annual vacation, employer-matched pension plan, comprehensive group benefits plan, career development opportunities, and annual performance plan. 
As the capital of the Northwest Territories, Yellowknife has a lot to offer, from shopping in upscale boutiques and fine dining in award-winning restaurants to almost unlimited recreational opportunities. Located on the shores of the Great Slave Lake, this vibrant and prosperous city is known for its midnight sun, aurora borealis and a unique blend of northern culture and bustling city living. 
 Yellowknife Co-op is a retail consumer co-operative that provides a fast paced, growth oriented work environment. Our team has a reputation for providing fair prices and the best customer service in the North. If you think you’ve got what it takes to work and play here, we’d like to hear from you today. 
 Position Summary: 
Working closely with the General Manager in supervising and guiding the Yellowknife Co-op in its’ financial matters. The Financial Administration Manager will initiate and direct effective controls and efficient procedures to assist Management in achieving sound administration of the Co-op’s operations. This position will also assist in the preparation of the Co-op’s financial statement in accordance with generally accepted accounting procedures. 
 Relationships: 
 
 Reports directly to the General Manager 
 Leads and manages employees in the administrative department 
 Works with all departments: staff and managers 
 Maintains external relationships with members, suppliers, stakeholders, industry organizations and Board of Directors 
 
 Essential Skill and Knowledge: 
 
 A bachelor's degree in business administration is considered an asset 
 Minimum of five years related experience in a Supervisory/Management role. 
 Excellent people management skills including the ability to hire, train, motivate, 
 
 evaluate, correct, develop, and increase staff performance in a cross-cultural environment 
 
 Well-developed financial management skills 
 Strong written and verbal communication skills combined with customer service and problem solving skills 
 Strong leadership and interpersonal skills 
 Excellent organizational, time-management and project management skills 
 Demonstrated knowledge of office procedures 
 Proficient in application software – Microsoft Office and Internal Co-op program (DOS based system) and familiarity with JD Edwards software would be an asset 
 Solid understanding of co-operative principles and philosophies 
 
 Responsibilities: 
Within the limits of approved programs, policies and procedures, has the following responsibilities. 
 
 To assist in the preparation of the period financial statements for the Co-operative. To challenge department managers when negative financial variances occur and to assist them in correcting the variances. 
 To organize, direct and co-ordinate the operations of the Administration department to ensure that costs are maintained within guidelines set by Management. 
 To work closely with the General Manager to develop the policies and procedures of the Co-operative and to work closely with the department managers to ensure they are being implemented correctly. 
 To develop and maintain an effective organization structure for the Administration department. 
 To appoint and supervise immediate subordinates. To work with staff to develop work plans and complete regular appraisals based on the results achieved. To develop the training program for employees to enable them to progress. 
 To assist department managers on methods and procedures for the proper handling of paperwork within their department. To periodically examine various paper flows to ascertain the quantity and value of the paperwork. 
 To complete regular and surprise audits on each department. 
 To assist the General Manager with Board-related responsibilities – meetings, correspondence, minutes 
 To complete other duties as assigned. 
 
 Business/Action Plan includes responsibilities in the following areas: 
 
 Financial Statement 
 Customer Accounts Receivable Statements 
 Cash Management 
 Accounts Payable 
 Inventories 
 Petroleum 
 Payroll 
 Fixed Assets 
 Audits 
 Budget 
 Record Management 
 Office Supplies/Equipment 
 Performance Reviews - Standards 
 Staff Training 
 Staff Relations 
 Self Development 
 
 Operating Results 
The budget, as approved by the General Manager, is the standard for all key performance areas. The Financial Administration Manager will be responsible for Administration Department expenses. 
 Salary Range: $70,000-80,000 annual with additional potential bonus, in addition to benefits and pension package. 
 If you do not currently reside in Yellowknife, this position could also include assistance with relocation 
 Applications are being accepted via email to Arctic Co-operatives Limited Human Resources or by fax 204-632-8575 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Salary: $70,000.00-$80,000.00 per year 
 Additional pay: 
 
 Bonus pay 
 
 Benefits: 
 
 Company pension 
 Dental care 
 Employee assistance program 
 Extended health care 
 Life insurance 
 Vision care 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 Day shift 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Supervisory/Management: 5 years (Preferred) 
 
 Education: 
 
 Bachelor's Degree (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
