  
 Work-for-RVers-and-Campers.com 
 Menu 
 
 RVers: Start Here
 
 Workers On Wheels Home 
 Announcements 
 WOW E-mail News 
 Help Wanted Ads for RVers 
 Featured Employers 
 Home Biz Op Directory 
 Work Wanted Ads from RVers 
 The Basics for Working RVers 
 Workers On Wheels Blog 
 
 
 RV Work
 
 Bob's RV Work Articles 
 Campground Work 
 Property Caretaking 
 Flea Markets 
 Network Marketing 
 Temp Agencies 
 Teaching Jobs 
 Volunteering 
 Online Work 
 
 
 More RV Work
 
 Writing for Profit 
 Agricultural Jobs 
 Disney Jobs 
 Employment 
 Referral Fees 
 RV Home Business 
 Seasonal Jobs 
 Tourism Jobs 
 Website Building 
 Tips for Working RVers 
 
 
 RV Work Lifestyles
 
 Dream Jobs 
 RVing w/ Kids 
 Single RVers 
 Survey Polls 
 Testimonials 
 Worker's Stories 
 
 
 RV Work Resources
 
 Mail Service 
 Resume Help 
 Questions/Answers 
 Taxes 
 Tax and Legal 
 Books 
 Mags/Newsletters 
 
 
 WOW Admin
 
 About Us 
 Privacy Policy 
 Disclosure 
 Contact the Editor 
 Site Search 
 
 
 
 
 Job Ended Before It Started 
 (a work camper writes...) 
 We arrived as agreed for our summer position. After we had been here four days, the owner met with us. His office manager had been training us. He said he was separating from his wife and moving into the park; he could not afford to pay us. He would give us our first month pay, which is $200.00 short of our travel cost. We can stay about another week, but today, he gave my husband the money in cash. I want to talk to him and let him know our travel costs are not covered and ask why he could not have made this decision, before I drove three days to get here. Any suggestions? 
 Coleen, the RVing editor comments: 
 I so, so, hope that you followed my advice and did not travel to that location solely because of a job. I trust you went to that area because you want to be there. 
 So, on the bright side.... You are in an area where you want to spend time. You've worked four days and been paid for a month. You have a place to stay -- at no cost to you -- for another week while you scout the area for another position. 
 It is typically much easier to find work after you are already on location, or at least in the general area. Campgrounds and other businesses are hiring now for the season. 
 Take a few hours time to study the articles on Work-for-RVers-and-Campers.com to get some ideas for finding jobs locally. Put those tips into action and you will come out of this ahead of the game. I wish you all the best! 
 Go to the Workers On Wheels Work for RVers and Campers blog. 
 Comments for Job Ended Before It Started 
 Click here to add your own comments 
 
 |  |   Make It a Win Win Situation 
 
 When you talk with the owner, let him know that you understand that with the economy the way it is and with an impending divorce, he will have cash flow problems. Have him reimburse you travel expense and you will remain as a host with no wage until _____. 
 Further condition the deal asking him to pay your travel to your next job at the end of the season, giving him time to have $$ in the bank. 
---|--- 
 
 |  |   Workampers Are People, Too! 
 
 I'm a little disappointed in Coleen's answer. Why not take the issues of CG owners disrespecting workampers? We have bills, some of us need to work for pay. What happened to honoring contracts, whether verbal or written? I think that issue needs addressed. 
 The very same thing happened to us. We researched for a job in Wy. We are thrilled to be here and the job is great, except now the owner tells us his business is down some this year so he will not be paying us anymore! We can work for our site only. We have a contract with this owner. We did our homework, asked for a contract, and have been excellent employees. We budgeted to break even when we took this job; now we will operate at a loss. 
 Coleen, the RVing editor replies: 
 Lyndsey, 
 I'm sorry to hear that your experience isn't working out the way you planned. 
 Thanks for sharing your story. Coming from you, a campground worker, it will probably have more impact than it does coming from me. Your story reinforces what we try to explain to RVers -- that no amount of research and no contract is going to assure you that a job you accept from across the country is going to turn out like you imagine it will. 
 Are you planning on taking action to enforce your contract? 
 Go to the RV Life and Travel blog. 
 ---|--- 
 
 Click here to add your own comments 
  - 
 Go to our blog to see what's new here on Workers On Wheels - Work-for-RVers-and-Campers.com and to find more info about earning a living while full-time RVing. 
 Disclosure: We receive compensation from advertisers, affiliate relationships, and site sponsors  
 Jen Work Camping 
 Most Recently 
 
   
   
   
 
 
 
  Galveston Island RV Resort Galveston, Texas  
 
 
 Jan 23, 21 08:09 PM 
 TX: Work Near the Beach - Pay TX: Galveston Island RV Resort, Galveston, Texas. TX Gulf Coast Beach across the street. Family owned and operated park 
 Read More 
 You can produce an income Work Camping. 
 Work Camping- What is it all about. Click this link for Video 
 https://youtu.be/ujOOPEbJGvY  
 
 Coleen and Bob Workers On Wheels Founders 
 
 
 Post Your Help Wanted Ad on Workers On Wheels 
- Click Here 
 *** 
 
 
 
 
 
 Copyright 1992-2020 All Rights Reserved - No reproduction permitted without written permission. 
 Contact Info  -- Jim Erickson, Workers On Wheels, Work-for-RVers-and-Campers.com 
 Disclosure: This site provides helpful and entertaining information thanks to compensation received from quality advertisers and affiliate relationships. 
 Privacy Policy 
 Workers On Wheels is our website and newsletter about working while RVing -- working while living in a home on wheels. There are so many kinds of work to do while RVing and camping (what some campers call workcamping or work camping). We help RV workers -- whether snowbirds or full-time RVers -- find campground jobs, volunteer jobs, jobs with RV spaces, seasonal jobs, mobile employment, short-term paid employment, and other ways to earn an income and cut expenses while enjoying life in a recreational vehicle. Thanks for visiting our WOW website! ~ Jim, your Workers On Wheels editor, at work-for-RVers-and-campers.com
*[Jan 23, 21 08:09 PM]: 2021-01-23T20:09:48-0500 
