Urban Design Collective 
 Calling all Urbanophiles! 
 Search 
 Search for: Go 
 
 About 
 Posts 
 Contributing Authors 
 Regulars 
 
 Monthly Roundups 
 Monthly Op-eds 
 Weekly Roundup 
 Know Your Urbanists 
 Urban Design Word-a-day 
 
 
 Cities & People Poster Wall 
 Reading List 
 Jobs Board 
 Notice Board 
 Useful links 
 
 // 
 archives 
 Jobs Board 
 RSS feed for this section 
 This category contains 7 posts 
  CALL FOR UNDERGRADUATE APPLICANTS: Due 15 November 2015  
 Posted by  Vidhya Mohankumar  ⋅ November 5, 2015 ⋅  Leave a comment 
 Market-ready Solutions for Sustainable Urbanization in India Winter 2015-2016, Spring 2016. The University of Utah announces a call for undergraduate students based in India to participate in a project focused on sustainable urbanization. This project is made possible by a grant from the United States Consulate, Hyderabad. Six (or more) undergraduate students will join six …  Continue reading -> 
  Multiple Openings at Bangalore-based Sattva  
 Posted by  Vidhya Mohankumar  ⋅ October 12, 2015 ⋅  Leave a comment 
 Sattva works towards realizing sustainable social impact on the ground. Their work today spans over 15 States in India on areas ranging from livelihoods and value chain development to sanitation, health, skill development and education. They work with diverse stakeholders in the ecosystem, from corporations to non-profits, through their practice in strategy, realizing operational outcomes, …  Continue reading -> 
  Opening for City-Based Urban Researchers in Belgaum  
 Posted by  Vidhya Mohankumar  ⋅ October 1, 2015 ⋅  Leave a comment 
 The New York University (NYU) Stern Urbanization Project—in collaboration with the United Nations Human Settlements Programme (UN Habitat) and the Lincoln Institute of Land Policy—is undertaking a major global study entitled The Land and Housing Survey in a Global Sample of Cities in preparation for Habitat III, the global conference on housing and sustainable urban …  Continue reading -> 
  Internship Opportunity with the National Waste to Energy Incinerator Database Project  
 Posted by  Vidhya Mohankumar  ⋅ September 29, 2015 ⋅  Leave a comment 
 There is an opening for two interns with a strong background or interest in environmental justice work who are particularly adept at analyzing and summarizing case studies, newspaper archives, policy papers, GRs, circulars, in order to assist us in the project. This would be a full-time internship for one month from October 1st to 31st, …  Continue reading -> 
  Call for Visiting Research Fellows 2016 - Brussels Centre for Urban Studies  
 Posted by  Vidhya Mohankumar  ⋅ August 24, 2015 ⋅  Leave a comment 
 The Brussels Centre for Urban Studies is a new interdisciplinary research centre at the Vrije Universiteit Brussel (VUB) that brings together urban researchers from various disciplines. Its aim is to increase the visibility of VUB urban research and to develop and support research projects in the domain of urban studies. The centre orientation is global, …  Continue reading -> 
  ARCHITECTURAL INTERNSHIP OPPORTUNITY : Sand-free construction  
 Posted by  Vidhya Mohankumar  ⋅ August 21, 2015 ⋅  Leave a comment 
 unearthed.in is looking for a young architect to research sand-free alternatives (which also do not use quarry dust, or use both sand or quarry dust in minimal amounts) and document options that could be for open source usage by architects. Write to action@unearthed.in to apply for this position. For more information, watch this film on …  Continue reading -> 
  JOB OPPORTUNITY AT CLEAN AIR ASIA, INDIA OFFICE: PROJECT ASSISTANT/RESEARCHER IN VIETNAM  
 Posted by  Vidhya Mohankumar  ⋅ August 20, 2015 ⋅  Leave a comment 
 The Clean Air Asia India Office calls for applications from young, dynamic candidates as Project Assistant/Researcher to be based in Hanoi, Vietnam (Vietnam Clean Air Partnership) under the Fredkorpset Norway South- South exchange program. Please see Terms of Reference.TOR Fk Exchange South-South Project- Research Project Assistant_ Eligibility Requirements • A university (bachelor) or a master’s …  Continue reading -> 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 This blog was picked by The Guardian Cities as one of the best city blogs around the world. 
 
 
 Recent posts 
 
 "Your Fly Is Down!!!" - That & Other Important Things You Should Know While Teaching A Class… 
 Participatory Planning Around the World: Part 3 of 3 
 Building Capacity for Participation: Part 2 of 3 
 Is collaborative city building the new urban utopia? : Part 1 of 3 
 What Does Blockchain Mean for Urban Systems? : Part 3 of 3 
 Blockchain and It's Applications : Part 2 of 3 
 What is Blockchain Anyway? : Part 1 of 3 
 Weekly Roundup 150 - 6th to 12th January 2018 
 Nudging in Cities : Part 2 of 2 
 Weekly Roundup 149 - 30th December 2017 to 5th January 2018 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Urban Design Collective 
 
 Urban Design Collective 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 97,115 hits 
 
  Urban Design Collective  
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
