  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Nelson, England 
 Rate:  £50000 - £55000 per annum + +100% OTE + Car Allowance 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 Field Account Manager 
 Our client currently has an exciting opportunity for a proven Account Manager to join their Commercial Sales Team. 
 The successful candidate will be driving the sales engagement for existing customers, as well as identifying and winning New Logo opportunities into corporate businesses. 
Start asap January 4th!! 
Salary £50-55K + Car Allowance 
The Account Manager will be responsible for acquisition, retention and growth of market share, revenue and profit for the corporate B2B market opportunities. 
 This role will focus on the retention, development, leading and executing the sales strategy and growth activities of existing customers. 
 The team encompasses the sale of all products and services within businesses proposition. 
Ideal candidates will be able to demonstrate dedication, drive and ambition with an ability to work comfortably in dynamic environment. 
 This is NOT a role for 'green' sales people, they are looking for highly talented sales Account Manages accustomed to overseeing corporate and large enterprise accounts with familiarity of the IT, communications and cloud services sectors. 
 Key Must Haves 
, Proven outcome based selling experience. 
 , Experience of a solution selling methodology. 
 , Sales experience within/or understanding of the services within portfolio including Managed service solutions. 
 , Demonstrable experience of utilising an account development plan to a positive outcome 
, Experience in creating, managing, negotiating and closing service contracts. 
 , Demonstrate key relationships with market leading vendors such as Cisco, Mitel and HP. 
 , An understanding of the market place and the requirements of our customers. 
 , Clearly articulate how IT Solutions deliver Customer Business Value. 
 , Be able to establish consistent thorough pipeline management of at least three times target in any given period. 
 , Be able to deliver against all key commission plan targets (margin/order intake/product). 
 , Be able to demonstrate proven track record of over performance in most recent Sales role 
, Be able to accurately forecast monthly commitment. 
 , Enthusiastic and self-motivated. 
 , Excellent communication skills. 
 Day to Day Responsibilities 
, Growth, development and management of the existing account base 
, Manage customer relationships in order to grow and retain existing customer revenues. 
 , Introduce, actively promote and sell new IT services from across the portfolio to new and existing customers. 
 , Manage own performance against pre-defined targets for growth of the existing customer base 
, To manage each assigned customer through regular contact by telephone, email, face to face sales meetings. 
 , Prepare and submit all documentation relating to existing customer contracts to enable changes to be made as/when required. 
 , Prepare and maintain on the CRM a monthly forecast and pipeline to your direct report for inclusion in the sales forecasts. 
 , Pro-actively work with service management to ensure that customer service expectations across the organisation are being met. 
 , Aid in the processing and prompt payment of invoices by your customer base. 
, Manage and update customer records on internal CRM system and contract system. 
 , Lead and Manage Account development Plans and structure this approach across allocated accounts 
, Understand and implement qualification models(SCOTSMAN) for defined opportunities 
, Be customer focused with an approach that is co-operative and flexible, whilst maintaining a diplomatic and organised approach, even under pressure 
 Benefits 
 , 25 days holidays, plus bank holidays, and the option to purchase more! 
, Professional development 
, Car Allowance 
, An additional day off on your birthday or if you're getting married 
, Salary Pension Scheme 
 If you are interested please contact email or call Mike Pollard on 01772 208962 or mike.pollard@servicecare.org.uk. 
 Please not only candidates who meet the requirements will be contacted. 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Rate:  £50000 - £55000 per annum + +100% OTE + Car Allowance 
 
 
 Location:  Nelson, England 
 
 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 
 Industry:  Sales 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772208962 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-15 16:36:52 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Team Manager 
 SEND Caseworker 
 Labourer 
 Young People’s Homelessness Worker 
 Cook 
 Intelligence Analyst 
 Cleaner 
 Healthcare Assistant 
 Care Assistant 
 Service Desk Manager  
 Forensic Mental Health Support Worker 
 Mental Health Practitioner 
 Forensic Mental Health Support Worker 
 Contracts Manager 
 Registered General Nurse 
 Multi Trade  
 Property Surveyor  
 Leaving Care Personal Advisor  
 Mental Health Nurse 
 Police Staff Investigator (PIP Level 2) 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
