
 Best jobs offer 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Opportunities
 
 Position and Requirements 
 Training Manual 
 Benefits 
 Payments 
 
 
 Move to Cancún
 
 About Cancún 
 Recommendations when moving to Cancún 
 Villa del Palmar Cancún Beach Resort & Spa 
 
 
 Blog 
 Gallery 
 Contact Us 
 Apply Now 
 
 What Happens After College? Getting a Job 
 
 February 14, 2018 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Are you wondering what to do after college? Is the thought of getting a job making you sick to the stomach. Take a look at these top tips below for getting a job after college. 
 Get A LinkedIn Account 
 Broadcasts your talents to the world in a formal way by establishing a LinkedIn account as soon as possible. It’s a great way of marketing yourself to potential employers or corporations looking for someone that will fill in a job vacancy. It’s an opportunity to showcase whatever abilities, talents, skills, awards and certificates you have, which will strengthen your reputation and boost your chances of being hired. You can put in there the names of your past employers, and if there’s not too much of it, at least some odd jobs you had. It can be working in a restaurant, babysitting, dishwashing or anything you had your hands on and was paid for doing so. A well-presented and informative LinkedIn profile can surely do wonders in making a good start in the corporate world. 
 Web Presence 
 The internet is very useful for marketing purposes, and creating a domain and a website today has never been easier nor more affordable. You can blog or write articles about specific things you enjoy, whether they are professional matters or purely personal passion. You can share your thoughts regarding the latest news, the hottest artists on the market or your favorite hobbies. This is one way of letting the world know who you are and the things you enjoy doing. 
 Consider Being An Intern 
 Have a feel how it is to act and work in a real corporate setting by applying for an internship. Age is not an issue here as there are many companies looking for interns to train, with a likely purpose of hiring for those outstanding ones. As a college student, you gain advantage because at your age, you possess all the zeal, interest and strength to become truly successful. 
 Look For a Professional Mentor and Advisor 
 There are many professionals out there with extensive experience in the field you are considering, and their advice (and contacts) is priceless. Do some researching in your quest to get a professional mentor. Who knows their shared knowledge can play a crucial role in your success of landing your first job. 
 College Professional Groups 
 When you’re in college and in the last year of your education, you must think in joining a college professional group, whose goal and purpose are in line with your own career choice. If you’re taking accounting, there may be a bookkeeper group that teaches its members the basics and advanced ways of effective bookkeeping. A tech group is ideal for those taking computed related courses. These professional groups are helpful resources that every college student must contemplate in joining, and they can be the key that might open a wide range of opportunities. 
 References: 
 http://www.forbes.com/sites/susanadams/2012/11/12/6-things-you-must-do-to-get-your-first-job-after-college/ 
 
 Posted in:  Uncategorized 
 
 Next Post » 
 « Previous Post 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Intent on Finding a Job in Cancun? 
 What Happens After College? Getting a Job 
 Sales Opportunities in Cancun 
 Top Advice for Job Seekers 
 Tips for your Cancun Job Interview by Phone 
 
 Recent Comments 
 Archives 
 
 February 2018 
 January 2018 
 March 2017 
 January 2017 
 October 2016 
 
 Categories 
 
 Uncategorized 
 
 Meta 
 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.org 
 
 Villa del Palmar Cancun Luxury Beach Resort & Spa 
Let us wow you with inspiration! 
+52 (998) 193 2600 
 Carretera a Punta Sam Km. 5.2 Mza 9 Lote 3 SM-2, Zona Continental de Isla Mujeres.  Cancun , Q.R. , 77400,  Mexico. 
   
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
 Hotels & Resorts
  Garza Blanca Puerto Vallarta  
  Garza Blanca Los Cabos  
  Hotel Mousai  
  Villa del Palmar  
  Sierra Lago  
  Sian Ka'an Village  
 Experiences
  Love Affair  
  Wellness  
  Taste Buds  
 Members Clubs
  Garza Blanca  
  Club Caribe  
 Real Estate
  Garza Blanca Real Estate  
 Adventures
  Pirate Ship Vallarta  
  Pirate Show Cancun  
 Copyright (C) 2021 -- All rights reserved
*[Q.R. ]: Quintana Roo 
