Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 In-Store Visual-Retail 
 Roots 
 __Barrie, ON 
 Apply Now 
 405 - Georgian Mall, 509 Bayfield St., Unit 32A, Barrie, Ontario, Canada Req #828 
Monday, December 17, 2018 
 WHY JOIN ROOTS? 
Roots is not only a brand, it’s a culture and lifestyle. We look for dynamic individuals who are not only interested in retail and fashion, but who enjoy challenges and share our vision for a safer, cleaner, healthier planet. 
 In addition to our customers, an intrinsic part of our success has always been the people who work here. Roots is a company in which you can grow and benefit from the great opportunities often available. All members of our team are encouraged to ‘spread their roots’. 
 WHAT WE’RE LOOKING FOR? 
 The In Store Visual will be reporting to the Store Manager, he/she will consistently bring the culture of the brand to life. Through product placement, merchandising and display they will engage our customers and grow their business. They are champions of standards and merchandising, who will take all opportunities to grow and develop the team around them. Partnership is the foundation of Roots and the In-Store Visual associate will partner with the store manager to enhance the store experience for the customer. 
 To be successful, you’ll need to possess: 
Keen sense of fashion and style. 
Strong understanding of the design principals. 
Ability to work a flexible schedule to meet the needs of the business, including nights and weekends. 
Experience in a retail apparel environment. 
Lifting and some manual labour required. Must be Able to carry up to 25lbs. 
 THE IMPACT YOU'LL HAVE 
 This is an opportunity to shape our company’s future by: 
Preparing and organizing the stock team for shipment, placing product, participating in morning campfire, changing displays & making merchandise changes. 
Work in collaborative relationship with Store Managers to provide continuous staff training on Roots culture, standards, and merchandising principles. 
Ensure that presentation drives sales and keeps customers engaged. 
Ensures that the store meets all company standards and is using the available tools i.e. Standards Guide and Field Guide. 
 Monthly 
 Manage seasonal merchandise changes. 
Supervise and execute seasonal window changes. 
 Weekly 
 Organizing daily shipments and placing all product on the sales floor. 
Ensure the store is meeting all brand visual standards. 
 Build and maintain all visual displays:  Mannequins, signage and props. 
Conduct a weekly business walkthrough with Store Manager. 
Oversee stockroom systems and structures. 
Oversee and support the store’s replenishment and markdown 
 SOUND LIKE YOU? APPLY NOW! 
 We’d like to thank everyone who applies, but we can only contact applicants who are most qualified. 
 Roots Corporation offers a culture that fosters inclusion and respect. We are committed to providing accessible employment practices, in compliance with the AODA. Requests for accommodation can be made at any stage of the recruitment process, applicants are asked to make their needs/requirements known. 
 Other details 
Pay Type Hourly 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
