Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
 mycdljob 
 myCDLjob provides news and updates for truckers 
 Start a Career As a Professional Truck Driver 
 Posted on  February 14, 2014  by  mycdljob  [Standard]( "Permalink to ") 
 
 When considering a future career in the trucking industry, one must first know what steps are needed to gain licensure. Just like any other career, there are requirements and a list of skills that one must master, if he or she desires to do his or her job to the best of his or her ability. Each state has a list of federal requirements and standards that those wishing to attain a Commercial driving license must adhere to. The first stop on the road to licensure would be passing a knowledge test. 
 The First Stop To Licensure: The Knowledge Test 
 Knowledge tests and how many tests an individual will take depends on which particular licensure he or she is wising to gain. There are more than one type of vehicle that requires a CDL license in order to operate but not every vehicle requires the same license so more than one knowledge test may be required. Below you will find a list of possible knowledge tests that are required for CDL licensing. 
 
 General Knowledge Test  – this test is taken by all applicants seeking his or her CDL license. 
 Passenger Transport Test  – this test will need to be taken by those who wish to drive a bus. 
 Air Brakes Test  – the air brake test is for every applicant who will be driving a vehicle with air brakes. 
 Combination Vehicles Test  – this test is for those applicants who will be working with equipment configurations with which separate power units are involved along with a trailer. 
 Hazardous Materials Test  – those applicants that will be working with transporting hazardous materials and waste will need to take this test. 
 Tanker Test  – the tanker test is for those truck drivers that will be hauling liquids in bulk. 
 Double/Triple Test  – this test is required if the applicant will be pulling double or triple trailers. 
 
 Once the required knowledge test has been accomplished, then the individual seeking licensure is able to move forward with his or her career by participating in the second leg of his career journey – the skills aspect of licensing. 
 written by Nicole Green 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was tagged  careers ,  cdl class a ,  cdl school ,  education ,  truck driving school ,  trucking ,  Trucks . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 Post navigation 
 CSA Impacts on Drivers Explored in New ATRI Research 
 Are You Skilled Enough? 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Video: Car hits the brakes in front of truck 
 Freight, Fiscal Realities Not Recognized in Budget Plan 
 Are You Skilled Enough? 
 Start a Career As a Professional Truck Driver 
 CSA Impacts on Drivers Explored in New ATRI Research 
 
 Recent Comments 
 Archives 
 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 
 Categories 
 
 Uncategorized 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
