wordtabulous 
 Life, writing and the pursuit of wholeness. 
 Menu Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Hollywood University 
 
 
 Tag Archives: job change 
 You're Going To Make It After All 
 6 Replies 
 I have been MIA for awhile. Recently all my blogging has been blocked by some big news on which I was sworn to secrecy. Do you remember back in February when I took a big leap and got a small job with McFarland Cahill Communications in a field I knew nothing about: PR, particularly media relations? I got to run the  Kitchen Stage  at the Minneapolis Home & Garden show where I met many local celebrities and chefs. I got to send pitches to Ellen DeGeneres, Playboy, Oprah and the Today Show by express mail, often at full speed at the very last minute. I helped create press kits designed to entice media outlets to take an interest in our clients. I visited our metro television stations and newspaper and magazine headquarters. I got to go to events like concerts and  parties  where I mingled with (or stood near) colorful and interesting people. This job was 90% magic (I also took out garbage, helped with invoicing, picked up groceries and supplies and did quite a bit of filing.) My employers welcomed me with warmth, humor and some borderline painful growth stretching opportunities. During my time there I have been surrounded by educated women with a lot of knowledge that has nothing to do with anything I know, and it has been bewildering and exhilarating. 
 A a short while ago my bosses called me in and told me that McFarland and Cahill were going their separate ways. They wanted me to start gathering the information we needed to work toward that end: inventory, lease agreements, subscriptions, etc. Until they had their own ducks in a row, the news had to be a secret, even from the other staff. Which sucked. Because misery loves company and I was ALONE, both figuratively and literally, as some or all of the others were out of the office on vacation or working offsite at that time. I was stunned, because I had counted on staying and growing so much more. When I took the job, I had thought it would be something to get me out of the house, brush a few cobwebs off my brain and maybe give me some writing opportunities and ideas, but I got so much more. I was deeply bummed that not only was it ending, it was ending so soon. With everyone out of the office and me doing paperwork and listing assets, I felt morose, like I was preparing grandma's estate for the sale. 
 Cahill took a position as Executive Director for  Smile Network International , an organization we had represented in the past and a cause for which she is truly passionate. McFarland prepared to move her PR skills into Minneapolis with  McFarland Communications , continuing with several of her existing clients and some new ones. Eventually the rest of the staff were let in on the news, and they began making their plans. Amazing opportunities arose for them because they all have great experience and skills, while I, petty child, moved into the WTH stage of grieving. I was jealous that they were all moving on so quickly and I was moving…where? I couldn't get excited about looking more traditional admin experience. Recently, McFarland and I had a conversation. She said she likes my energy and skills, and despite my lack of industry-specific knowledge wanted to continue to work with me, if I was willing to take on the task of helping get their systems in order and dealing with a really fluid job description working for unknown numbers of hours at least part of the time in the heart of downtown Minneapolis. Oh…boy. This was a stretch for both my skills and my tolerance for city travel at a time when I was still a little emotionally saggy from the break-up, but if there is one thing I have learned watching these people, it is that you have to be nimble and leap for opportunity when it presents itself. I can be nimble. I can leap. 
 So, for the month of August, I will be archiving and packing and cancelling and throwing out, bringing to close a short but remarkable chapter. Then in September I will turn the page and begin making the 30 mile commute into Minneapolis, which I have been assured I will grow to hate. I am not thinking about that right now, however. When I was in my high school and college years, I always imagined I would end up working in the city, but until now I have never taken a job closer than a second-ring suburb. There is energy there, and untasted flavors that will help me mature as a person and a writer. My anticipation of this new experience downtown is successfully elbowing back any apprehensions. If Mary Richards can do it, so can I. 
 This entry was posted in  Blogging ,  Uncategorized ,  Working Girl  and tagged  job change ,  media relations ,  Minneapolis  on  August 3, 2012  by  lynnettedobberpuhl . 
 Want to read more? 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. And if you like it that much, tell your friends! 
 Join 470 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Click here to subscribe! 
 Recent and not so much 
 
 If I Called Someone A Deplorable or Libtard Am I Going To Hell? 
 Getting a CLUE 
 Envy Prayer 
 Cardigan Day 
 Bear Hunt 
 
 Top Viewed Posts 
 
 Literary Therapy 
 If I Called Someone A Deplorable or Libtard Am I Going To Hell? 
 
 Wha' chu talkin' about, Willis? 
 
 2011 
 2011 Honda CR-V 
 2012 
 addiction 
 anxiety 
 at home mom 
 attitude 
 bicycle 
 blog 
 blogging 
 book review 
 books 
 breathe 
 Calistoga 
 cancer 
 cat 
 cats 
 chocolate 
 chores 
 Christianity 
 Christmas 
 coffee 
 control 
 Cycling 
 dawn 
 death 
 diabetes 
 Dr. Who 
 driving 
 faith 
 family 
 fear 
 fiction 
 fitness 
 food 
 frustration 
 God 
 grace 
 gratitude 
 home 
 hope 
 Humor 
 insomnia 
 joy 
 life 
 list 
 love 
 Lynnette Dobberpuhl 
 mastectomy 
 Minneapolis 
 mom 
 music 
 panic 
 parenting 
 peace 
 perseverance 
 persistence 
 photo 
 photography 
 reading 
 religion 
 retreat 
 scary 
 sky 
 State Services for the Blind 
 Stephen King 
 stress 
 sunrise 
 technology 
 teens 
 Tour de Cure 
 travel 
 tree 
 wine 
 writing 
 
 Archives 
 
 January 2021 
 July 2020 
 June 2020 
 November 2019 
 September 2019 
 January 2019 
 April 2016 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 August 2014 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 
 August 2011 
 July 2011 
 June 2011 
 May 2011 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
