Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Performance Measurement Analyst (Temporary) 
 BC IMC 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 This is a 12 month temporary opportunity. 
 DEPARTMENT DESCRIPTION 
 Our Finance department is part of the Operations group and in various ways collaborates with all of the other departments within BCI. Finance is responsible for financial administration, financial reporting, tax planning and compliance for BCI and the investment funds under BCI's administration and also works with our auditors and external advisors. The department is organized into six branches: Investment Accounting (Liquid and Illiquid), Financial Reporting and Valuations, Financial Planning and Analysis, Investment Performance & Attribution, Corporate Accounting, and Tax. 
 POSITION DESCRIPTION 
 The Analyst is a member of the Investment Performance team, tasked with conducting comprehensive checks on performance results, supporting ad hoc requests by performing analysis on investment returns, and preparing performance reports for business partners and clients. The ideal candidate displays strong problem solving skills, with keen attention to detail, and a passion for quantitative investment analysis. A strong work ethic and analytical thinking are required. 
 QUALIFICATIONS 
 3 years institutional investment experience, preferably in performance measurement or portfolio/investment analysis function 
University degree in Finance, Economics, Mathematics, Computer Science or other quantitative field. Completion of or working towards CIPM, CFA, CPA or other investment related professional designations would be an asset 
Working knowledge of institutional investment management and investment products is required. 
Proficiency in Excel, Power BI, VBA and SQL 
Data analysis or modelling experience would be an asset 
Strong quantitative, analytical and problem solving skills along with a high attention to detail 
Natural curiosity and strong ability to learn by herself/himself. Dedication to and proven record of continuous learning and improvement 
A self-starter with the ability to take a proactive approach to assigned projects and new team initiatives 
Ability to thrive in a fast-paced work environment and high performance culture 
Excellent communications skills including business writing and acumen 
 PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES 
 Complete performance reports and checks in a timely manner 
Conduct reasonability checks on investment returns. Understand, validate and explain performance results 
Investigate and resolve return anomalies through strong collaboration with colleagues within the team and across functions 
Monitor the accuracy and integrity of the underlying data and system calculation 
Conduct data integrity checks using SQL queries 
Develop performance reports for business partners using Power BI 
Assist in performance testing and analysis to support corporate initiatives 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
