Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Health and Wellness Manager 
 Chartwell Retirement Residences 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Interested in a career that makes a meaningful difference in the lives of others? One where you are valued and respected, listened to, and empowered to live up to your potential? If so, Chartwell Retirement Residences is the place for you. 
 We are always looking for empathetic, positive and passionate individuals committed to Making People's Lives Better. With over 200 residences across Canada, we have an opportunity for you that will make a difference in your life. 
 The Health and Wellness Manager will ensure residents enjoy a lifestyle and quality of life exceeding their expectations. Assists in maintaining a safe and secure environment for residents, visitors and other staff members. All duties are performed in the best interest of the residents and their families, and in accordance with Chartwell’s vision, mission and values statements. 
 The responsibilities of the role include but are not limited to: 
 Effectively uses the nursing process of assessing, planning, implementing and evaluating to provide high quality nursing care to residents; 
Monitors the activities of Registered Nurses, Registered Practical Nurses and Guest Attendants/ Health Care Aides/Personal Support Workers with respect to the direct care provided to residents; 
Ensures the resident and/or their family is involved (where appropriate) in decisions affecting their care; 
Establishes priorities based on individual residents’ needs, scheduled activities and adjusts these priorities and activities to manage unanticipated events; 
Responds to resident or family member concerns and ensures appropriate action is taken within decision-making authority and/or brings to the attention of the General Manager; 
Ensures residents receive the appropriate level of care to meet their needs; 
Monitors the well-being of residents who do not require care; 
Completes required paperwork for resident admissions and discharges, as well as, on-going documentation; 
Participates as a member of the work team and provides support to other team members; 
Promotes wellness; 
Participates in hiring and training of staff who work directly with residents; 
Communicates with families, physicians and external community health care agencies; 
Adheres to current legislative requirements, as well as, the approved policies and procedures of Chartwell Retirement Residences with respect to nursing care; 
Assumes responsibility for the safe administration and storage of medication. Delegates responsibility where appropriate; 
Maintains accurate charts for each resident; 
Refers, reports and records pertinent information related to the resident’s care to other health care team members; 
Co-ordinates and/or carries out the action plan related to the prescribed care plan; 
Communicates effectively with physicians, pharmacy and other professional care providers; 
Collaborates with other members of the care team in the planning, provision and evaluation of services; 
Provides required in-service training and orientation to new employees, under the guidance of the General Manager; 
Performs other related duties as required. 
 The ideal candidates will possess: 
Minimum of two years’ relevant leadership experience; 
RN or RPN/LPN with the College of Nurses in your province (must be a member in good standing); 
Experience in progressively responsible roles with demonstrated leadership and interpersonal skills; 
Must be prepared to respond to emergency situations. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
