Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Family Physician (.50 FTE&.50 FTE Contract March 31/2021) - Thunder Bay 
 NorWest Community Health Centres 
 __Canada 
 Apply Now 
 A Family Physician position(s) is available to serve our growing client population. 
 One of a network of over 75 provincial community health centres, the NorWest Community Health Centres (CHC) is a community based, non-profit agency funded by the North West Health Integration Network, emphasizing access to Primary Health care and prevention programs and services. Telemedicine equipment is available and the Centre uses Electronic Medical Records. 
 We are currently seeking a 1 FTE Family Physician, who as a valuable member of the Community Health Centre team will provide primary care to clients and their families within a care model which emphasizes health promotion/education and empowerment. We have a team of Physicians, Nurses, Nurse Practitioners, Dietitian, Therapists, Community Health Workers and Administrative support staff. 
 There is no overhead and is a salaried position with excellent benefits for the .50 FTE permanent position. It is based on a 17.5 hour weekly schedule with an attractive salary and benefits compensation package. The Health Care of Ontario Pension Plan (HOOPP) is a benefit. Flexibility in work hours is available. There are no benefits in the contract position. 
 QUALIFICATIONS 
 
 Medical degree and family residency from a recognized university. 
 CPSO license and member of CMPA. 
 Experience in a combination of hospital and community settings and/or public health. 
 Demonstrated commitment to and knowledge of community based health care. 
 Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. 
 Sensitivity to the needs of a multicultural community and diverse populations. 
 Ability to work independently and collaboratively in a multidisciplinary setting. 
 Ability to work effectively with marginalized and under serviced populations. 
 Experience in mental health and addictions medicine will be considered an asset and is preferred. 
 
 How to Apply – Please Specify Job Title in Subject Line 
 This position will remain open until filled. 
 Please submit your cover letter, resume and three work reference contacts to: 
 Debbie Inman, Manager of Human Resources CHRL 
NorWest Community Health Centres 
525 Simpson Street 
Thunder Bay, Ontario P7C 3J6 
FAX: 622-7637 
www.norwestchc.org 
 NWCHC’s is an equal opportunity employer. Upon request, accommodations due to a disability are available throughout the selection process. We would like to thank all those that apply but only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Part-time hours: 35 per week 
 Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Contract, Permanent 
 Benefits: 
 
 Company pension 
 Dental care 
 Disability insurance 
 Employee assistance program 
 Extended health care 
 Flexible schedule 
 Life insurance 
 Paid time off 
 Vision care 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 Education: 
 
 Bachelor's Degree (Required) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 College of Physicians and Surgeons of Ontario (Required) 
 
 Language: 
 
 English (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
