Skip to content Menu 
 
 About 
 Editorial Policy/Disclaimer 
 Our Logo 
 
 
 BEHIND THE WHISTLE 
 The official blog of the IWLCA 
   
 Preparing for a Career in Coaching 
 By  Caitlin Fifield , Assistant Coach, Marquette University  @MarquetteWLax 
 Photo courtesy of Marquette Athletics. 
 After graduating college and watching my friends search for jobs, some in fields they did not even enjoy, I felt, and still feel, incredibly lucky to have known what I wanted to do from a young age. A quick recap of the 21 years in which lacrosse has been the center of my life: I grew up on Long Island, my dad was a collegiate National Champion, both my brothers played lacrosse, and my parents ran the youth lacrosse league in my town for ten years… AKA I  always  had a stick in my hand. As soon as I finished playing in our town youth league, I started coaching in that same league. At age 13, I fell in love with coaching and helping young kids find that same excitement and joy the sport gave me. I knew I wanted to coach lacrosse for the rest of my life, and as I grew older, I knew I wanted to coach at the highest level. Even though I knew early on where I hoped my career would take me, I have a lot of friends and family who took very different paths to end up in their dream job of coaching collegiate lacrosse. Here are some things that helped me and my friends along the way: 
 
 Get a taste for coaching early on, at any level 
 
 * For high schoolers, get involved with your local youth or recreational league. If you have passion and knowledge for the game, there are always kids who are ready and excited to learn from you. Get involved in, and coach, other sports you enjoy (basketball, soccer, field hockey). Coaching is coaching, no matter the sport.
* For college players, get involved with a local club team. This will expose you to high-level lacrosse, the recruiting process, and of course the travel involved. Be sure to be open-minded and learn from the other coaches and directors of the club.
* For high schoolers and college players, give private lessons on the side. This is an awesome way to learn how to cater to a specific player’s needs and see first-hand the excitement of watching a player get better under your coaching.
 
 
 Work camps and engage counselors and coaches at camp 
 
 * For high school players, check to see if there are any youth day camps in your area that are looking for coaches. Sometimes these are lacrosse specific and sometimes they are true all-around summer camps looking for a lacrosse-focused session/day.
* For college players, reach out to major lacrosse universities who host multiple, large camps. Chances are these universities need college players to work and this is a great place to start networking. I approached summer camps as a sort of internship. Along with coaching for the Yellow Jackets, I worked about 5-6 major university camps up and down the East Coast. This also gave me insight into what a college coach’s summer schedule may look like.
* Talk to players and coaches at other schools and when the time comes, share your interest in coaching collegiate lacrosse. Chances are you’ll hit it off and make new friends along the way!
 
 
 Be friendly and approachable 
 
 * Talk to fellow lacrosse players and coaches wherever you are, whether that be a camp, a recruiting event, in an airport, or in your hometown. So much of coaching comes down to networking and it is never too early to start building your circle.
* All coaches have a different story and a different path on how they got to where they are today—take the time to listen to their stories.
* Follow up and continue to say hi to those players and coaches you do meet, even when just passing by!
 
 
 Share your career goals with your coaching staff early on 
 
 * As coaches, we know exactly the advice we wanted and would have appreciated as college players. Your coaches can answer questions you may have as well as show you more of what their day to day activities in the office might look like. Who knows, maybe they’ll even have you help cut film or design some gear!
 
 
 Talk with different administrators and staff at your current school 
 
 * Set up some meetings with your strength staff, academic staff, sports information director, and even sports administrator. Ask them about their positions and what exactly they do for the lacrosse program and for the school. Ask your sport administrator what they look for in new coaching candidates and how you can make yourself marketable.
 
 
 Build your resume 
 
 * Your resume may look a little different since you need to market yourself as a lacrosse player/coach. Be sure to add any lacrosse awards, important statistics, and any camps/clinics you work on your resume.
* Remember, networking is super important. As you start to build your network, start to figure out who your mentors are and which people in the lacrosse world know you the best. This is where you’ll start to find your references (Be sure to ask first!).
 
 
 Start to put together a list or spreadsheet of schools/areas and positions that interest you 
 
 * There are a lot of different spots available in college lacrosse and each has a little bit of a different role. Start to learn the differences between a Head Coach, Full-time/Part-time Assistant Coaches, Graduate Assistant Coach, Volunteer Coach, Director of Operations, and then investigate which positions seem most appealing to you.
* Looking at current staffs can help give you an idea of what positions schools tend to support.
* Start to think about if you want to coach at a powerhouse, a new program, in a non-traditional area, close to home, etc.
 
 
 Start to think about your philosophy and what is important to you as a coach 
 
 * Keep a lax journal—best thing I’ve ever done! This is a place where you can write down all your thoughts about the sport, on and off the field.
* I was lucky enough to have three head coaches during college and I learned a lot about what I love and didn’t love about their different coaching styles—having this written down was incredibly helpful when I started to put together my own coaching philosophy. I still write in it today.
 
 
 Finally, don’t be afraid to ask for help 
 
 * The lacrosse community is an awesome place full of loving, caring people who want to see you succeed. I have learned from and leaned on lots of fellow coaches along the way for various reasons and I have never been disappointed! Start to build that network so you have even more people in your corner.
 
 For all those players looking to get into coaching, best of luck and keep your head high! Our sport is lucky to have your passion and drive—thank you for continuing to grow our sport! 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Email 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 July 26, 2017   IWLCA Uncategorized camps ,  career ,  coaching ,  collegiate lacrosse ,  community ,  journal ,  networking ,  relationships ,  women's lacrosse 
 One thought on "Preparing for a Career in Coaching" 
 
 Cheryl Fifield 
 
  July 26, 2017 at 10:34 pm     Reply 
 Great article, Caitlin! Good advice for coaching and other goals as well. Your players are fortunate to have you! 
 Like Like 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Post Summer as a Women’s Lacrosse Coach 
 Next Post Building The Future Through the Pro Game 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Prioritizing Mental Health 
 Representation Matters 
 Best of Behind the Whistle 
 Create Your Legacy 
 Dig In 
 
 Archives 
 
 January 2021  (2) 
 December 2020  (5) 
 November 2020  (3) 
 October 2020  (4) 
 September 2020  (5) 
 August 2020  (4) 
 July 2020  (2) 
 June 2020  (3) 
 May 2020  (4) 
 April 2020  (5) 
 March 2020  (5) 
 February 2020  (4) 
 January 2020  (4) 
 December 2019  (2) 
 November 2019  (3) 
 October 2019  (5) 
 September 2019  (4) 
 August 2019  (3) 
 July 2019  (4) 
 June 2019  (4) 
 May 2019  (5) 
 April 2019  (4) 
 March 2019  (4) 
 February 2019  (4) 
 January 2019  (4) 
 December 2018  (3) 
 November 2018  (3) 
 October 2018  (5) 
 September 2018  (4) 
 August 2018  (5) 
 July 2018  (3) 
 June 2018  (3) 
 May 2018  (5) 
 April 2018  (4) 
 March 2018  (4) 
 February 2018  (4) 
 January 2018  (5) 
 December 2017  (4) 
 November 2017  (5) 
 October 2017  (4) 
 September 2017  (4) 
 August 2017  (5) 
 July 2017  (4) 
 June 2017  (4) 
 May 2017  (5) 
 April 2017  (4) 
 March 2017  (5) 
 February 2017  (4) 
 January 2017  (4) 
 December 2016  (4) 
 November 2016  (5) 
 October 2016  (4) 
 September 2016  (4) 
 August 2016  (5) 
 July 2016  (4) 
 June 2016  (5) 
 May 2016  (4) 
 April 2016  (4) 
 March 2016  (5) 
 February 2016  (7) 
 January 2016  (7) 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 472,836 hits 
 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
 How Lucky Are We? 
 Coaches Talk Campus Visits 
 The Gift We Are Given - To Lead and Teach and Grow with our Athletes 
 EVERYONE has a ROLE on the team! 
 Dig In 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 Best of Behind the W…  on  Beginning and Continuing Uncom… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Best of Behind the W…  on  10 Things You NEED To Know Bef… 
 
 
 
 Best of Behind the W…  on  The Role of Parents 
 
 
 
 Best of Behind the W…  on  5 Things I Learned in My First… 
 
 
 
 Best of Behind the W…  on  When Will the NCAA Act to Slow… 
 
 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Social 
 
 View @IWLCA's profile on Twitter 
 View IWLCA's profile on Instagram 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
