
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Can You Believe It?! it's a Full-time job 
 Have you always dreamt that the job post for your dream job would start with "Meredith Corporation is hiring a Digital Product Designer in their Seattle, WA, USA office..." and end with "…to work on People.com, Allrecipes, Real Simple, Entertainment Weekly, and more"? Well, wakey wakey, sleepyhead! It's real! 
 About 
 The UX Design team at Meredith Digital defines the consumer experience for premium brands such as People, Entertainment Weekly, Allrecipes, Real Simple, Martha Stewart, and many more. We are building engaging experiences that excite users and amplify the voice of our brands. 
 We are looking for a User Experience Designer to help define a site experience and feature set that enables that vision across our portfolio of sites. In this role you will craft simple, functional, and elegant experience design solutions based on a deep and empathetic understanding of our user’s needs. You must be collaborative in your approach to internal stakeholders, while simultaneously and vigorously championing the consumer experience. 
 We are specifically looking for someone with experience building interactive prototypes suitable for validating design decisions with users. 
 As a User Experience designer at Meredith you will be responsible for collaborating on user research, translating business requirements into concrete ideas, and refining and iterating on those ideas for delivering to engineering teams. You will design the overall functionality of our products and iterate upon it to ensure a great user experience. 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://beta.workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7664-meredith-corporation-digital-product-designer  
 On-site required? 
 Yes 
 Experience 
 3-6 years 
 Skills 
 Axure, Low / High Fidelity Prototyping, Sketch 
 Date Posted 
 November 6, 2020 
 Managed By 
 Ryan Schroeder 
 Perks 
 
 No assholes 
 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
