  
 
 Home 
 Job Search 
 Recruitment 
 Resume Tips 
 Interview Tips 
 Career Advice 
 
 What can an SME do to Attract Job Applicants Who are the Cream of the Employment Crop? 
 __ September 4, 2018  __ Workruit  __ Hiring Tips  __ 0 
 With the  unemployment rate hovering around 3.52 percent , there’s no mistaking we are in a job-seeker’s market. The most qualified job applicants have their pick of companies — a fact that makes it challenging for employers to nab the best talent. If you’re a small to medium size business enterprises (SME), you may find yourself scrambling to compete against bigger and better-known employers. It’s especially tough in this noisy digital environment where there are numerous options for posting jobs that vie for the job-seeker’s attention. 
 What can an SME do to attract job applicants who are the cream of the employment crop? Use these six powerful, proven tips to put yourself in contention. 
 Think Like a Marketer 
 SME employers should approach talent recruitment as if they are marketing a product. The product, in this case, is your company. Just as you have a specific branding message for your products and services, you also should develop a specific branding message for yourself as an employer. 
 The old marketing adage of “sell the sizzle, not just the steak” is a good guideline for attracting top talent. Start by writing compelling job descriptions that not only define the position, but also communicate your company’s culture and its values. As an  SME marketer , you don’t have the financial resources of large employers, but you can still effectively use low-cost options like social media and online videos to communicate your brand’s message. 
 Emphasize Your Size as an Asset, Not a Liability 
 Never, ever apologize for the size of your company. In fact, LinkedIn data shows that professionals are more likely to leave large companies for smaller ones rather than the other way around. These professionals cite the opportunity to do more challenging work and the ability to make a bigger impact as the reasons for making the switch. 
 The Economic Times  takes it a step further, identifying several other SME selling points, including the tendency for smaller companies to be less bureaucratic and more flexible than their larger counterparts. Another point in the SME employer’s favor comes from the Workruit, which reports that interest in flexible work arrangements has surged by 58 percent in the previous three calendar years. 
 Small companies can ride this trend by developing a vibrant atmosphere that celebrates a culture of innovation that drives growth and success. 
 Post to a Job Board That Offers Full Visibility 
 There are myriad job advertising networks available to employers and it’s important for you put your job postings on the right platforms to reach the best candidates. For many SME employers, the most desirable platforms are those that allow them to stretch their recruitment monies. This can be accomplished by posting requirements at  Workruit . 
 Know Your Criteria — and Stick to It 
 Just because the job market is tight doesn’t mean you should loosen your hiring standards. For example, if a job requires several years of experience, don’t broaden your search to include newbies just so you can attract more applicants. 
 Defining your criteria when writing your job descriptions is a good first step, but make sure you follow through in the interview process by emphasizing what it will take for your potential candidates to be a success in the job. Stick to your criteria but also stress to job candidates that they will have a certain amount of autonomy in fulfilling their duties. That is an effective way of attracting talented employees who, when given the latitude, can improve your company and help it grow. 
 Lean on Powerful Tools to Screen Top Candidates 
 The  Applicant Tracking Systems  (ATS) will help ensure that you are interviewing candidates based on real information and not a “gut feeling.” Not only does an ATS add efficiency to the recruitment process, it also can improve the quality of your hiring by using pre-identified standards for identifying and selecting the best candidates for your job openings. 
 Company Culture is Key 
 When culture is a priority you attract the right talent and retain them. Workruit offers a complimentary report, Three Strategies for Building a Successful Company Culture, which helps SMEs learn how to show their company culture to new recruits and use culture to make an impact with new employees. 
 Using these tips to their maximum advantage, a SME employer will stack up well against bigger employers. Market your company effectively, put the right processes in place, and you’ll be able to attract the best applicants even in this tight market. 
 
 Do away with age-old job-search platforms. Embrace the innovative and easy way to connect with a potential employer? Download our app here —  www.workruit.com/download 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 __ 
 
 hiring 
 human resources 
 india 
 small business 
 workruit 
 
 [Previous 
 The Choices We Make Shape Our Experience of Life 
 ](https://blog.workruit.com/2018/09/01/the-choices-we-make-shape-our-experience-of-life/) 
 [Next 
 Six Ways To Fully Exploit The Mobile Marketplace In Your Recruiting Efforts 
 ](https://blog.workruit.com/2018/09/08/six-ways-to-fully-exploit-the-mobile-marketplace-in-your-recruiting-efforts/) 
 Be the first to comment 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 What's new? 
 
 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CqjfXwPGvek 
 Search a blog 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 6 Tips for a Career Change 
 How to recognize if it's a good job or bad job for you? 
 Kick-start your career early while pursuing your degree 
 11 Tips to Create an Amazing Resume 
 Career-advice: Tips for first-time job seekers 
 
 
 Workruit aims at simplifying job search and recruitment using advanced Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning technologies. The time taken for the hiring process is reduced by half since Workruit sifts the applicants using data analytics and displays only relevant profiles that match your requirements. 
 Categories 
 
 Career Advice 
 Hiring 
 Hiring Tips 
 Interview Tips 
 Job search 
 Resume Tips 
 
 Follow Us 
 
 Facebook  
 Instagram  
 Twitter  
 LinkedIn  
 Medium  
 YouTube  
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 | WordPress Theme by  MH Themes 
 %d bloggers like this: 
