Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 First Cook 
 Bayview Wildwood Resort 
 __Severn Bridge, ON 
 Apply Now 
 *** ONSITE ACCOMMODATION AVAILABLE *** 
 Job Description 
 Summary of Position 
 Responsible for food preparation and cleanliness of all food and beverage areas as per company standards. 
 Key Relationships 
 Internally:  Provide all essential information to department heads and employees. 
 Externally: Occasional  contact with guests requiring exceptional guest relations. 
 Qualifications 
 Note:  The following qualification requirements are only representative of minimum levels of 
 education, knowledge, skills and/or abilities. To perform this job successfully, the employee must possess the abilities or aptitudes to perform each duty proficiently. 
 Education 
 Essential: 1. High school diploma or vocational equivalent. 
 Ability to communicate and comprehend both orally and written in English with employees and customers. 
 Desirable: 1. Cooks papers. 
 Desirable: 2. Completion or pursuing an apprenticeship program. 
 Knowledge 
 Essential: 1. A minimum of 2 to 3 years experience working in a kitchen. 
 Desirable: 1. Previous hotel and resort experience. 
 Skills & Abilities 
 Essential: 1. Excellent team work and cooperation skills in order to maintain an exceptional 
 rapport with the entire Food and Beverage team and all resort employees. 
 
 Ability to work independently and under pressure in a fast paced environment. 
 Ability to follow directions efficiently and effectively. 
 Excellent customer service skills in order to maintain an exceptional rapport with customers and employees. 
 Excellent communication skills with an enthusiastic attitude. 
 Excellent problem solving and multi-tasking skills. 
 
 Mental Effort required to perform the job: 
 
 Extensive mental attentiveness and listening is required. 
 Tasting and smelling of food, ensuring food is fresh and the correct temperature at all times. 
 Frequent listening to guest requests, special diets, etc. and handling them in an organized and professional manner. 
 Regular use of various methods of cookery and industrial kitchen equipment. 
 
 Physical Effort required to perform the job: 
 
 Long periods of standing and walking. 
 Moderate degree of bending, stretching, kneeling, and lifting. 
 Frequent lifting of food supplies, trays, pots and pans, etc., up to 75lbs. 
 Repetitive pulling, lifting, reaching, and bending. 
 
 Duties and Responsibilities 
 
 Maintain complete knowledge of and comply with company and departmental policies and 
 procedures. 
 Maintain related knowledge of fire and health & safety policies & procedures. 
 Maintain client and company confidence by keeping information confidential. 
 Maintain a positive working relationship with team members and management as part of a team. 
 Assist in setting up and organizing department work area with designated supplies and maintain cleanliness at all times. 
 Responsible for providing excellent customer service and professional communication at all times with guests, visitors and employees. 
 Production of Menu 
 
 Produce the daily menu as necessary, based on guidelines set out by the department. 
 
 Complete food production work to achieve the established standard of quality for each menu item. 
 Assist in the plating and buffet service of all menu items. 
 Prepare menu items with the assistance of the Kitchen Lead and cooks. 
 Provide written instructions and information to other kitchen staff to ensure that there is continuity to the flow of information for the next shift’s production work. 
 Kitchen Care 
 
 Ensure and assist in the routine cleaning and sanitizing of the production areas on the main floor of the kitchen (main refrigerator, chest freezers, ovens, stove tops, exhaust hood) according to the established cleaning schedule and standards. 
 
 Ensure wet garbage and recyclable materials are removed as required. 
 Report any defective equipment or kitchen site issues in need of repair to the Kitchen 
 
 Lead. 
 
 Observe kitchen sanitation practices and standards as set out in the National Kitchen Sensitization program. 
 Quality Control 
 
 Produce all menu items to a maximum quality within the established recipe parameters. 
 
 The principles of quality are: 
 
 safe – has been prepared in a sanitary environment 
 correct serving temperature 
 presentation – including dish, garnish, visual appeal taste. 
 Monitor completed dishes before they leave for service to guests and correct any noticeable quality issues. 
 
 Menu Planning and Research 
 
 Provide observations and feedback on menu items – as to ease of production, guest comments, food returning on plates, and any information that might aid the planning and development of menus to the Kitchen Lead/F&B Director. 
 
 Participate in menu planning and development meetings as directed. 
 Cost Control 
 
 Produce menu items in accordance with standard food cost recipes. 
 
 In the absence of the Kitchen Lead, withdraw from inventory any food products for the day’s production. 
 In the absence of the Kitchen Lead, verify the number of covers expected for each event at the start of each day and adjust production quantities accordingl  y. 
 Warehouse 
 
 Receive Shipments as per the following standards: 
 receiving shipments in the warehouse as directed 
 
 verify the order received is consistent with the invoice 
 store the shipments in the correct location 
 
 *rotate stock in the warehouse for first-in, first-out (FIFO) 
 Observe food warehouse procedures as per the following standards: 
 *close containers after removing stock 
 
 extract only the quantity required by the recipe 
 check storage temperatures are correct 
 
 Accountability while performing the job: 
 Produce menu items in accordance with standard food cost recipes.Suggest new and less expensive ways of performing tasks, systems etc. 
 WORKING CONDITIONS while performing the job: 
 
 Works frequently with a variety of kitchen tools i.e. knives, openers, mixer etc. 
 Uses a variety of cleaning products (please see MSDS in department) 
 Standing for extended periods. 
 Lifting up to a maximum of 75lbs. 
 
 Note: 
 
 A review of this description has excluded the marginal functions of the position that are incidental to the performance of fundamental job duties. All duties and requirements are essential job functions. 
 This job description in no way states or implies that these are the only duties to be performed by the employee occupying this position. Employees will be required to perform any other job related duties assigned by their supervisor. 
 
 Salary to be discussed during in person interview. 
 Location Port Stanton on Sparrow Lake 
 Job Types: Casual/Part-time - leading to full time. 
 Salary: $15.40 to $16.80 /hour 
 Part-time hours: 25 per week 
 Job Types: Part-time, Permanent 
 Salary: $15.40-$16.80 per hour 
 Benefits: 
 
 Company pension 
 Dental care 
 Discounted or free food 
 On-site gym 
 On-site parking 
 RRSP match 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 Day shift 
 Holidays 
 Monday to Friday 
 Night shift 
 Weekends 
 
 Experience: 
 
 cook: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Job Duties: 
 
 Prepare, season and cook food as directed, meeting dietary requirements where required 
 Operate standard kitchen equipment safely and efficiently 
 Clean and maintain station in practicing good safety and sanitation 
 Adhere to all sanitation and food production codes 
 
 Additional Duties: 
 
 Menu planning 
 Recording food temperature 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
