Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 College Instructor: Tourism and Hospitality 
 Pacific Link College 
 __Lower Mainland, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Pacific Link College (PLC), one of the fastest growing career colleges in Canada, is seeking an experienced instructor for its specific courses as posted in the title. The courses may be involved in multiple programs. PLC offers a challenging and supporting environment where instructors can develop their craft with the care and attention provided by veteran support staff and leadership. 
 For instructors: 
 
 For career-related or practical courses 
 
 o Certificate, diploma, or degree; AND 
 o Two years of related work experience; OR 
 o 10 years of work experience in an occupation relevant to the course 
 
 For academic courses within a career training program (e.g. biology or math) must have a degree relevant to the course 
 
 Teaching assignments are course-specific, part-time positions. As outlined above from the Policy Manual of the Private Training Institutions Branch, the work experience is essential for each subject, as well as the general subject area earned through the education. Schedules will vary month to month where instructors are qualified and the more and wider variety of experience will provide more regular work schedules. 
 Sessions may be four or eight hours per day, with sessions scheduled in mornings and afternoons on weekdays, with potential evening and weekend courses if student population demands it. 
 Job duties include but are not limited to: 
 
 Prepare subject material for presentation to students according to an approved curriculum 
 Assign and correct homework 
 Prepare, administer and correct tests 
 Establish, comply, and maintain college and student policies and procedures with a controlled and supportive classroom management 
 Adapt a wide variety of teaching methods and instructional materials to meet students' varying needs and interests 
 Evaluate students throughout the duration of each course using multiple assessment methods, conducted formatively and summatively 
 Prepare and implement remedial programs for students requiring extra help. 
 Contribute to the continuous improvement and revision of our standardised curriculum 
 Facilitate online learning / manage learning management systems whilst moderating as activity sessions on site, when required 
 Co-op placement support when requested 
 Other duties as they are assigned related to instructional responsibilities 
 
 The applicants should have: 
 
 A certificate, diploma, or post-secondary degree relevant to the subject matter; and 
 Two years of full time work experience in a career occupation relevant to the subject matter of the course; or 
 10 years of full time experience in a career occupation relevant to the subject matter of the course. 
 Demonstrable teaching experience with adults is highly recommended, including strong classroom management and working with multi-lingual and multicultural groups, as well as supporting the college’s policies and procedures, encouraging students to participate in various activities and extracurricular events, and presenting subjects with a common theme of how the student’s learning applies to future employment and the student’s career plan. 
 Demonstrable experience working with and teaching international students in a multicultural setting is an employable asset 
 
 PLC compensates instructors based on educational history, work experience, and breadth of experience teaching adults in a vocational setting, and additional hours are paid when instructors moderate our LMS and activity sessions, contribute to curriculum development projects, and other assigned tasks both instructional and non-instructional. 
 More information about PLC programs can be found at http://www.plvan.com. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
