Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Customer Service Representatives - Casual ( GTA Service Centre - Mississauga) 
 LCBO 
 __Mississauga, ON 
 Apply Now 
 LCBO 
 Pay: 
$16.10 - $29.38 
 Job Posting Description: 
Part Time Customer Service Representatives - GTA Service Centre - Mississauga 
 Our product is beverage alcohol. We are searching for Part Time Customer Service Representative for our Mississauga GTA Service Centre to provide customer service excellence to licensee agency store and diplomat customers. We need reliable and hardworking people to run a range of retail responsibilities. We prize safety, speed, accuracy and enthusiasm. 
 If this sounds like YOU, keep reading… 
 The Job 
 Picking and packing single bottles and full cases 
Order assembly 
Palletizing cases 
Shipping 
Working knowledge of operations in automated warehouse environment and previous machinery experience (Forklift, Pallet jack) is preferred but not mandatory 
the ability to perform repetitive heavy lifting using safe lifting techniques 
strong customer service, communication and interpersonal skills for effective teamwork 
Basic knowledge of the Occupational Health and Safety Act 
Maintaining facility cleanliness. 
 Our Shifts and Pay 
 Applicants are required to be available Monday through Thursday anytime, as well as some Fridays and Saturdays for inventory and long weekends as needed. 
The pay rate will be $16.10 per hour. 
Applicants will be required to provide an original criminal record check that has been issued within the last 6 months at their own expense prior to commencing work with LCBO. 
 Criminal record checks can be obtained: 
 Online platform:  by using a third-party supplier like Sterling Talent Solutions/ https://mybackcheck.com/ results are returned usually within one business day. To complete your check online, please visit the website https://www.mybackcheck.com/Secure/Invitation/SelfInvite.aspx?selfInviteId=R%40aD%40ATrCR2GrQbhlFLphg%3d%3d 
 Process with Local Police : 
If you choose to attend a local police department to procure your criminal record check, please be aware that pricing and processing time will vary by location. 
 
 Please note that LCBO is not responsible for applicants’ use of any third party supplier of criminal record checks. 
 
 What You Need to Know About the Job 
 It’s a physical job. We load and unload cases of beer, wine, spirits and cider that weigh between 25 lbs (18 kg if you prefer the metric system) and 50 lbs (27 kg) for the shift – it is repetitive movement. 
We stand for most of the shift. We reach, climb, bend, twist, and walk. 
We wear Canadian Safety Association (CSA) approved safety footwear. 
We need people who speak and read English, and are good at working with numbers. Number testing is part of the hiring but don’t let that scare you off! 
We love college and university students, people who want a second job or are currently out of work. That said, we welcome all types of workers 
 
 
 
 Diversity and inclusion matter at the LCBO. If contacted for an interview, please advise if you require accommodation in accordance with the Ontario Human Rights Code and the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act. 
 Duration: 
 Work Hours: 
0 
 Union / Non-Union: 
Union 
 Job Posting End Date: 
August 23, 2020 
 The LCBO is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to providing employment accommodation in accordance with the Ontario Human Rights Code and the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
