The Misanthropic Principle 
 I hate our species but not all individuals. 
 
 Home 
 Books 
 Lynx 
 The Misanthropic Principle 
 Vote - Next Travel Log 
 Wildlife 
 
 Robots, not immigrants, are taking American jobs 
 From the article: 
 
 On some not-too-distant day, it will become clear that our civilization has become so reliant on highly efficient, wondrously intelligent machinery that we simply do not need that many people to work in traditional jobs. There will be plenty of wealth to go around, but not that much work. Unless we want millions to starve or go homeless or riot in the streets, our society will need to guarantee a minimum income for everyone by letting all citizens share in the vast wealth created by robot labor. 
 
 Robots, not immigrants, are taking American jobs 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted on Monday, April 3rd, 2017 at 01:39 and is filed under  computer ,  Finance ,  morality ,  Philosophy ,  Politics ,  science ,  Uncategorized . You can follow any responses to this entry through the  RSS 2.0  feed. You can skip to the end and leave a response. Pinging is currently not allowed. 
 Post navigation 
 « Previous Post   Next Post » 
 3 Responses to  Robots, not immigrants, are taking American  jobs 
 
 ECA says: 
 
 April 3, 2017 at 03:25 
 It has been/was told long ago what was/is happening.. But at that TIME there were MANY other jobs..Unless you really like farms. 
Eli Whitney WASNT the beginning, but his device took away MANY jobs.. Insted of a couple hundred Men working the fields it went down to about 10 and Allot of Mules.. 
The CORP/SLAVE mentality is the same..Work until you die, then DIE quickly.. And most of religion is based on domestication/control/and creating a MELLOW beast to do the job..Which is one reason it has changed from a militant, ready to RAID anyone, to SIT, STAY, Be nice, you dont need weapons.. 
 Awhile ago, the Gov. said IN COURT..that the fundamental reason for Corporations was ONLY to make money for those invested in that corp. NOT to improve our lives or our nation.. 
 There is a BIG problem with Robots and automation..and comes down to What do you do with all the people with NO JOBS.. 
TRYING to create a Nation where people DONT WORK, is not good, NOT possible, and WONT help us.. 
Humans are NATURALLY Curious and EASY to bring to BOREDOM.. Iv taught my friends 2 comments.. Everyone is an Idiot and an Ahole.. Then..TO MUCH TIME ON THEIR HANDS.. 
when people get BORED they get STUPID..and do stupid things..ANYTHING..from Drugs, to Jumping a RAILROAD train.. 
 Reply 
 * [Misanthropic Scott](https://misanthropicscott.wordpress.com/) says:
 
 April 4, 2017 at 04:10 
 Regarding farms, I can't imagine that the software to drive a combine around a farm would be much different than the software for a Roomba. It's just a much larger device. And, a regular pattern would probably work better. So, the software might even be simpler. 
 Awhile ago, the Gov. said IN COURT..that the fundamental reason for Corporations was ONLY to make money for those invested in that corp. NOT to improve our lives or our nation.. 
 Yeah. That was actually when Henry Ford wanted to hire more people to improve the lives of U.S. citizens. The shareholders got pissed, sued, and won. The decision was that the job of the corporation was to provide profit to the shareholders, as you say. 
 As for what to do with the people, the article is suggesting a guaranteed minimum income for all. This has been suggested before. But, I thought this article did a particularly good job of discussing all of the issues, including those you mention. 
 I don't think all of the issues are answered. Will people be OK without work? Some are. Some aren't. If you don't work and are bored, you don't have enough money. Maybe that minimum income needs to be higher than people expect. 
 Reply 
   * ECA says:
 
 April 5, 2017 at 04:50 
 ITS just hard.. 
Finding a solution to a solution.. 
Using robots to give us MORE free time, MORE time with children, More this that and the other thing.. 
BUT, someone created the IDEA that everything has value..and its been forced down our throats.. 
So, there are 2 choices..AND the CORPS and land owners WONT LIKE THEM.. 
Everything is FREE..no rent, no bills, Nothing. Those that work?? IF you want to work, you can..IF you can find a job. as we can have computers do Decisions, Insted of CEO's.. 
 The other one is Equal in the opposite direction..Everyone GETS MONEY.. but what use is it? If everyone gets ENOUGH to Live and pay bills..What USE is money? 
 THERE IS a kinda Solution. Its to do things the HARD WAY..Where it takes PEOPLE to do the job., The Anti pollution ways, the WAYS that dont ruin this nation.. 
 Iv asked people to suggest to our LAW makers to CLEAN UP THE LAWS..MAKE things that WORK..NOT for those with money, but for everyone.. 
For those that dont know: 
Look up paper pulp history, is WHY we use trees rather them Hemp and other materials/.. 
Look up the locations of Metal manufacturing, around Niagara falls..and SUPER FUND SITES.. 
Look up super fund sites and WHICH state are doing DAIRY production.. 
Look up LAWS against taking pictures of Farming/ranching/Dairies…its a terrorist activity.. 
Look up when Plastic started and When CLOTHING changed..LESS COTTONS, HEMP, WOOLS.. Look up what happened when Nylon children's Clothes MELTED on children.. 
I wont add anymore to this.. 
 This is JUST hard to decide and WHEN to DO something ..as we loose Work and WORKERS.. 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Pro-choice IS Pro-life 
 Snow Leopards: Livestock Insurance: A Game Changer for People and Animals 
 Science in America -- Neil deGrasse Tyson 
 Robots, not immigrants, are taking American jobs 
 De-Extinction: AMNH 2017 Asimov Debate - NdGT Moderator 
 What's Missing From This Photo of Politicians Deciding the Future of Women's Health? 
 Trump Trash Can 
 Why I Know There Are No Gods 
 Steve Bannon: Scarier Than My Worst Fears 
 My Next Sneakers are Liberal, Sexy, and Piss of Religious Folks 
 
 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 Atheist on  Why Christians Will Burn In… 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Misanthropic Scott  on  Pro-choice IS Pro-life 
 
 
 ECASH on  Pro-choice IS Pro-life 
 
 
 
 ECA on  Pro-choice IS Pro-life 
 
 
 
 
 Misanthropic Scott  on  Pro-choice IS Pro-life 
 
 
 ECA on  Pro-choice IS Pro-life 
 
 
 
 Nickster on  Sheldon Comments on Big Bang T… 
 
 
 
 Rod McGillawee on  Pro-choice IS Pro-life 
 
 
 
 
 Misanthropic Scott  on  Pro-choice IS Pro-life 
 
 
 Rod McGillawee on  Pro-choice IS Pro-life 
 
 
 
 
 Misanthropic Scott  on  Pro-choice IS Pro-life 
 
 
 Robert Bury on  Pro-choice IS Pro-life 
 
 
 
 
 Misanthropic Scott  on  Agriculture: Good or Bad? 
 
 
 
 garrett  on  Agriculture: Good or Bad? 
 
 
 Misanthropic Eric on  Snow Leopards: Livestock Insur… 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Top Posts 
 
 Continuous Glucose Monitoring with Medtronic/MiniMed Updated 
 Moral Considerability - What does it mean? To whom does it apply? 
 Why I Know There Are No Gods 
 Abstinence is a Sin! 
 The Official "Fun Vs. Effort" Graph of Pets 
 Lot and his Daughters Cartoon for Children??!!? NSFW (not safe for your brain either) 
 Happy Slapture Day! 
 Why is there stuff in the universe? 
 FAX Humor: Mating Elephants -- NSFW 
 The 2016 Presidential Election Political Compass is out! 
 
 
 
 Pages 
 
 Books 
 Lynx 
 The Misanthropic Principle 
 
 About Misanthropic Scott 
 Thick Skin Etiquette 
 
 
 Vote - Next Travel Log 
 Wildlife 
 
 
 
 a 
 
 
 a Select Category agriculture  (2) Automobiles  (3) biology  (31) computer  (3) Diabetes  (8) Driving  (5) Environment  (104) evolution  (29) Finance  (32) health  (44) history  (2) Humor  (100)    FAX Humor  (10) medicine  (2) morality  (73) Philosophy  (114) physics  (10) Politics  (167) religion  (92) science  (71) This Site  (3) travel  (4) Uncategorized  (22) Wildlife Viewing  (13)    Gear  (2)    Locations  (7)    Photography  (6) 
 
 
 
 
 
 abortion   animal intelligence   antitheist   atheism   atheist   automobile   bible   big bang   birth control   carbon dioxide   christian   christianity   church   church and state   climate change   Clinton   co2   computer   constitution   cosmology   democrat   Diabetes   donald   drumpf   economy   education   election   energy   Environment   evolution   extinction   Finance   food   gay marriage   geek   global warming   god   health   hell   human   Humor   iraq   islam   jesus   joke   judaism   lbgt   Mccain   medtronic   minimed   Obama   oil   overpopulation   Philosophy   physics   Politics   population   president   religion   republican   repugnican   safety   science   sensor   skeptic   subway   sustainability   sustainable   technology   terrorism   trump   united states   war   wildlife   women 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 American Atheists Blog 
 Being Human 
 Damp Squid 
 Dvorak Uncensored 
 Dvorak Uncensored Cage Match 
 Eideard 
 Hopper's Wacky World 
 ideonexus 
 Lone Wolf's Den 
 Mother Jones Blog 
 Mother Jones Blue Marble Blog 
 Paradigm 722 and CGM 
 Rationally Speaking 
 rit's ramblings 
 Science & The City 
 Slog News and Arts 
 SpaceGhoti 
 The Freethinker 
 World Airmail Links 
 
 
 
 The Nature Conservancy 
 
 
 
 Also, check out the incredibly impressive  Heart of the Adirondacks  project in the Adirondack State Park, the largest park in the continental United States at twice the size of Yellowstone. 
 
 
 Most Important Number 
 
 
   
 
 
 Overpopulation 
 
 
 
 
 
 The Golden Snip 
 
 
 
 Misanthropic Scott is a proud holder of  The Golden Snip Award . Please also check out the  Voluntary Human Extinction Movement 
 
 
 Atheists: The Out Campaign 
 
 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 
 
 
 April 2017 S 
 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 
 
 9 
 10 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 
 
 16 
 17 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 
 
 23 
 24 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 
 
 30 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 « Mar   Mar » 
 
 
 
 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 267,596 hits 
 
 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
