
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Controls Engineer 
 Brookhaven National Laboratory 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Controls Engineer 
 Brookhaven National Laboratory 
 [](mailto:?subject=Controls%20Engineer&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/13993283/controls-engineer/ "Email")  
 Application 
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 October 12, 2020 
 Location: 
 Upton, New York 
 __ Show Map 
 Salary: 
 Open 
 Type: 
 Full-time 
 Why Work at BNL? 
Brookhaven National Laboratory is a multipurpose research institution funded primarily by the U.S. Department of Energy's Office of Science. Located on the center of Long Island, New York, Brookhaven Lab brings world-class facilities and expertise to the most exciting and important questions in basic and applied science--from the birth of our universe to the sustainable energy technology of tomorrow. We operate cutting-edge large-scale facilities for studies in physics, chemistry, biology, medicine, applied science, and a wide range of advanced technologies. The Laboratory's almost 3,000 scientists, engineers, and support staff are joined each year by more than 4,000 visiting researchers from around the world. Our award-winning history, including seven Nobel Prizes, stretches back to 1947, and we continue to unravel mysteries from the nanoscale to the cosmic scale, and everything in between. Brookhaven is operated and managed by Brookhaven Science Associates, which was founded by the Research Foundation for the State University of New York on behalf of Stony Brook University, and Battelle, a nonprofit applied science and technology organization. 
 Organizational Overview 
 Brookhaven National Laboratory is entering an exciting new chapter with one of the newest and most advanced synchrotron facilities in the world. National Synchrotron Light Source II (NSLS-II ) enables the study of material properties and functions with nanoscale resolution and exquisite sensitivity by providing world-leading capabilities for X-ray imaging and high-resolution energy analysis. 
 This facility is open to users from academia and industry and its operations are at a time when the world enters a new era with a global economy fueled largely by scientific discoveries and technological innovations. NSLS-II provides the research tools needed to foster new discoveries and create breakthroughs in critical areas such as energy security, environment, and human health. 
 Position Description 
 The National Synchrotron Light Source-II (NSLS-II) seeks an engineer to join the Core Controls Group that develops software and hardware engineering expertise for 30 state-of-the-art synchrotron beamlines, as well as for a cryo-electron microscopy facility. The working environment in this large-scale research facility combines the scope of a large industrial facility with the excitement and challenges of world-class research experiments. As a National Laboratory, BNL collaborates closely with other national and international research institutions. 
 This position is focused on the implementation, deployment, and maintenance of NSLS-II beamline systems that control and synchronize high-precision motor-driven positioners, X-Ray detectors, and robotic sample mounters in a Linux-based Experimental Physics and Industrial Control System (EPICS) environment. It will also contribute to ongoing development and support for various database technologies for experiment control and for experimental data handling and processing. 
 Essential Duties and Responsibilities: 
 The successful candidate for this position is a middle or advanced level technology development professional who possesses demonstrated expertise in their engineering area and applies working knowledge of multiple related technologies. Responsibilities for the role include development of engineering solutions from planning to design to implementation and documentation, communication with customers and team members, and continued growth of professional expertise. 
 Position Requirements 
 Required Knowledge, Skills and Abilities: 
 
 Bachelor's Degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or a related field of study 
 At least three years of relevant professional experience 
 Demonstrated programming experience in multiple languages including at least two of: C, C++, Python, or Java 
 Experience with developing in a Linux operating system environment 
 A practical knowledge of software and hardware engineering practices that include requirements gathering, design, testing, documentation, source code management and release procedures 
 A demonstrated initiative and ability to take ownership of projects and tasks 
 Effective oral and written communication skills and interpersonal skills 
 A demonstrated ability to work collaboratively with professionals from diverse backgrounds 
 
 Preferred Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities (One or more of the following): 
 
 An advanced degree in Computer Science, Electrical Engineering, or closely related field of study 
 Experience with development for Experimental Physics and Industrial Control System (EPICS) 
 Experience with software support for scientific equipment, especially synchrotron beamlines 
 Experience with motion control technologies, in particular with timing-critical high-precision positioner control 
 Python programming experience in a scientific computing environment 
 Familiarity with data acquisition technologies, hardware and software, A preference for science-based experience 
 Graphical User Interface design and development experience, especially EPICS related 
 Experience with both SQL (relational) and NoSQL databases, e.g. MySQL and MongoDB 
 Experience with one or more laboratory information management systems 
 A knowledge of PLC programming and interfaces 
 
 Other Information: The selected candidate will be placed at the appropriate level dependent upon depth and breadth of relevant knowledge and skills, as well as the amount of relevant experience. 
 At Brookhaven National Laboratory we believe that a comprehensive employee benefits program is an important and meaningful part of the compensation employees receive. Our benefits program includes but is not limited to: 
 
 Medical Plans 
 Vacation 
 Holidays 
 Dental Plans 
 Life Insurance 
 401(k) Plan 
 Retirement Plan 
 Swimming Pool, Weight room Tennis Courts, and many other employee perks and benefits. 
 
 Brookhaven National Laboratory and the Energy and Photon Sciences Directorate are committed to your success. We offer a supportive work environment and the resources necessary for you to succeed. 
 Brookhaven National Laboratory (BNL) is an equal opportunity employer that values inclusion and diversity at our Lab. We are committed to ensuring that all qualified applicants receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, status as a veteran, disability or any other federal, state or local protected class. 
 BNL takes affirmative action in support of its policy and to advance in employment individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. We ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation. 
 *VEVRAA Federal Contractor 
 
 
 Internal Number: 1764 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About Brookhaven National Laboratory 
 Brookhaven National Laboratory is a multipurpose research institution funded primarily by the U.S. Department of Energy’s Office of Science. Located on the center of Long Island, New York, Brookhaven Lab brings world-class facilities and expertise to the most exciting and important questions in basic and applied science—from the birth of our universe to the sustainable energy technology of tomorrow. We operate cutting-edge large-scale facilities for studies in physics, chemistry, biology, medicine, applied science, and a wide range of advanced technologies. The Laboratory's almost 3,000 scientists, engineers, and support staff are joined each year by more than 4,000 visiting researchers from around the world. Our award-winning history, including seven Nobel Prizes, stretches back to 1947, and we continue to unravel mysteries from the nanoscale to the cosmic scale, and everything in between. Brookhaven is operated and managed by Brookhaven Science Associates, which was founded by the Research Foundation for the State University of New York on behalf of Stony Brook University, and Battelle, a nonprofit applied science and technology organization. 
 Connections working at Brookhaven National Laboratory 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 More Jobs Like This 
 
 
 
 Sr. Maintenance Technician, Thin Film Coating 
 __  Newton, New Jersey 
 
 
 
 
 Thorlabs, Inc. 
 __3 Days Ago 
 
 
 Account Manager – Central Region (USA) 
 __  Nationwide 
 
 
 Gooch & Housego 
 __3 Days Ago 
 
 
 Design Engineer 
 __  Newton, New Jersey 
 
 
 Thorlabs, Inc. 
 __1 Week Ago 
 
 
 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
