Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Sales Associate - North Edmonton 
 Sleep Country Canada 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Company Biography 
At Sleep Country Canada we are passionate about all things sleep! We are a proud Canadian brand and want to help all Canadians get a better night’s sleep. 
 This is a full time industry leading commissioned role with minimum guarantee salary and no maximum cap on commission. You will be empowered to go above and beyond to makes a difference in the lives of customers and drive your own career. 
 The average sales salary last year in 2018 was $79,000. But, we know you are not average! 
 Progress never stops here. We are Canada’s #1 specialty retailer with over 260 stores nationwide and growing. You will be up to speed and selling like a pro in no time! We will teach you everything you need to become a sleep expert and provide continuous learning and development opportunities to grow within the organization. All Area Sales Managers and Regional Sales managers are promoted 100% internally. 
 We Offer: 
 
 Paid training program 
 Bonus Plans 
 Life Insurance 
 Fantastic Employee Discount Program 
 Fitness Subsidy 
 Associate recognition program 
 Health & Dental benefits 
 Monetary Sales Contests 
 Tuition Reimbursement – covers professional and personal growth 
 Travel Assistance Program 
 RRSP & Company match DPSP 
 
 Position Overview 
 
 This is not a job but a career 
 No cold calls 
 Provide exceptional customer service with your knowledgeable advice 
 Engage with customers to identify their needs 
 Develop product knowledge through our proven Sleep Country programs 
 Ensure our stores always are visually appealing through product presentation, replenishment and store housekeeping 
 Available to work days, evenings and weekends 
 
 To Be Successful: 
 
 Strong communication skills and a strong customer orientated approach 
 1 to 3 years sales or retail experience is an asset but not mandatory 
 Positive attitude and a strong customer focus 
 
 How to Apply: 
Please visit the career section of our website and apply online today! 
Employment Equity 
We recognize the importance of a diverse workforce and we therefore encourage applications from Aboriginal Peoples, women, members of a visible minority, and persons with a disability. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
