Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Part-Time Retail Merchandiser 
 Lawrence Merchandising 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Overview 
 Are you looking for a company with flexible scheduling to demonstrate your merchandising, customer service and organizational skills? Lawrence Merchandising has a great opportunity for you! 
 Lawrence Merchandising Services (LMS), a WIS International Company, is hiring Part-Time Retail Merchandisers in your area to complete merchandising services in many of Canada’s top retailers and for many of Canada’s top brands. Our client base is continually growing so we need you! 
 Watch this brief video for more information about our Part-Time Retail Merchandiser position. 
 What will I be doing? 
 As a Part-Time Retail Merchandiser, you will help ensure client satisfaction in the following ways: 
 Executing Retail priorities on behalf of our tier one customers and brands. 
Creating and managing your own work schedule by logging into our online reporting system to view your merchandising services as they come available at retailers in your area. You may be assigned anywhere from 0-39 hours per week. The availability of services will vary greatly throughout the year, and we do not guarantee a set number of hours each week. There may be time periods where services are not available. 
Servicing your local retail stores by completing merchandising services independently or in a team, in a timely manner, and always delivering high quality, while working with a variety of different types of merchandise. 
Utilizing a mobile device to check in/out for services, reporting on instore activities and surveys, including taking and uploading photos. 
In addition to developing strong relationships with store personnel you will be responsible for merchandising, stocking, implementing plan-o-grams, visual merchandising, resets, product cut-ins, setting signage, audits, reporting out of stocks and providing feedback on behalf of our brands. 
 Is LMS for you? 
 LMS has ongoing national weekly and monthly services and many additional projects available. 
Retail Execution opportunities may be one-time (project based) or reoccurring maintenance services (weekly, bi-weekly, monthly, etc...). 
Retail Execution needs to be completed between Monday-Friday, and sometime between the hours of 8am to 6pm. Weekend services may be available in some areas. 
You will be expected to be flexible to the needs of our business as we continually strive to meet and exceed the expectations of our clients. 
Merchandising services are completed independently or in a team, and our Part-Time Retail Merchandisers must be comfortable using our online reporting system. 
 Perks 
 FLEXIBILITY! The position is truly flexible! No evenings and weekends are required, though weekend hours may be available in some areas. 
GAIN RETAIL EXPERIENCE! Build a career in Merchandising by gaining retail experience. 
INDEPENDENCE! Work independently or in a team but have access to a helpful and responsive LMS office team. 
At LMS you would be a permanent part time employee within the organization, with opportunities for full time positions in some areas. 
 Requirements 
 Merchandising and/or retail experience preferred. 
Ability to thoroughly follow written and verbal instructions. 
Ability to stand with varied movement for up to 5 hours at a time, ability to regularly lift up to 20 pounds, fine motor control (hand movements), speech, hearing, sight, ability to read documents with small font sizes, manual dexterity; with or without reasonable accommodation. 
Access to internet, printer, and a DATA enabled mobile device with a fully functional camera and ability to receive voice messages via phone and text messages. 
Access to a PC or Mac that runs Mozilla Firefox, Google Chrome, or Safari. 
Access to Adobe Acrobat Reader (or ability to download). 
Must be able to work within Canada and have access to a reliable, insured vehicle with a valid driver’s license and clean driving record. 
 How to Apply 
 Fill out an application by clicking the “Apply for this job online” button to be considered further or visit our website to submit an application https://cacareerseng-lmsvc.icims.com. 
 Lawrence Merchandising Services welcomes applications from people with disabilities and is committed in providing appropriate accommodations upon request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
