Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Senior Product Designer, Deals Discovery 
 Loblaw Digital 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 At Loblaw Digital, we know that our customers expect the best from us. Whether that means building the best, most innovative online shopping experience, or designing an app that will impact the lives of people across the country, we’re up for the challenge. From our office in Downtown Toronto, we’ve created leading eCommerce experiences in the online grocery shopping, beauty, pharmacy, and apparel spaces, and we’re only just getting started. 
 The impact you’ll make 
As a Senior Product Designer, you will be responsible for partnering with your product manager and tech lead on the Deals Discovery team. Paper flyers have long been a dominant mental model for customers. As we become increasingly digital, more environmentally friendly and convenient options have emerged: PDFs, browser plugins, deal finding sites, and more – none of which have earned the share of mind that paper flyers have earned. The Deals Discovery team is tasked with re-imagining how customers discover deals in the digital world, to create a platform-level, enterprise-wide solution that different businesses within Loblaw Companies Limited. 
What you'll do 
Frame problems, opportunities and facilitate discussions to help colleagues reach a shared understanding 
 Visual UI Design:  you have a strong sense of aesthetics that helps you create compelling, visual user interfaces. You have experience translating brand guidelines into digital form 
 Interaction design:  your interaction design skills are based on a strong grasp of the interplay among words, visuals, space, time, and behaviours of digital user interfaces 
Collaborate with your design colleagues to design and conduct usability tests on your design ideas, as well as use the findings to refine your ideas 
Design and conduct generative research, when appropriate, to deepen our understanding of our customers’ needs and identify value proposition opportunities 
Create all required design artifacts for front-end devs to implement 
Track the performance of designs post-launch and continue to optimize based on data 
Partner with the customer growth team to create experiments that help us learn and execute quickly whilst acquiring new customers an iterative manner 
Does this Sound like you? 
Customer-focused – We measure our success in terms of our customers’ satisfaction and delight with every part of the experience we offer. We serve all Canadians, and their needs are not homogeneous; your challenge is to find ways to understand and meet those needs. 
Collaborative – You value everyone’s perspectives (colleagues, customers), and one of your most powerful design skills is facilitation to help everyone understand the full context of a problem, opportunity, or solution and come to a shared understanding. 
Outcomes-focused – At Loblaw Digital, customer and business outcomes are everyone’s responsibility. You’re a systems thinker who can think beyond screen design to understand how our customers’ and our business’ broader context inter-connect and influence user experience design decisions. 
Hypothesis driven – You love the problem, not your solutions. Your design practice is grounded in the acknowledgement that every solution is a hypothesis built on assumptions and that those hypotheses and assumptions need to be tested and validated. 
Research- and data-informed – You’re experienced with how to leverage the power of research and data to identify problems, opportunities, and solutions. You know when to ask for the right type of data and when it’s necessary to do primary research. You understand how to work with a broad range of data sources ranging from business intelligence, sales data, web analytics data, quantitative consumer research, qualitative customer feedback, usability testing results, generative customer research, algorithms, content models, etc. Because you understand what types of insights each of these different data sources can provide, you know what type of data to ask for, as well as how to organize, interpret, and use that data to make strategic design decisions. 
Self-managed – You understand the design process well enough to be able to proactively plan and scope your work effort in order to collaborate with product managers and developers to sequence your work. 
How you’ll succeed 
At Loblaw Digital, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. We’re able to keep innovating because our colleagues are passionate about their work and excited about the future of eCommerce. You will get to work with some of the best digital minds and will have the support of world class technologies to craft products our customers will love! 
 Loblaw Digital recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
