Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Post Office Specialist 
 London Drugs Limited 
 __St. Albert, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Not just a job… 
 a community 
 a partnership 
 a team 
 You’ll experience them all at London Drugs. As one of Canada’s fastest-growing and most successful retail chains, we know what it takes to build a satisfying career. We are seeking innovative, customer focused people to join our team! We currently have opportunities for: 
 Post Office Specialist 
 The Post Office Specialist position provides sales assistance and the highest level of customer service in all departments of London Drugs, with a specific focus on the Post Office department. The individual in this position will be able to problem solve and find solutions to customer mailing needs. 
 This is a customer service position which requires a great deal of customer contact. Accordingly, you must be able to work effectively in a fast paced environment while at the same time providing quality service in a professional, courteous, and helpful manner. You will also be responsible to perform inventory counts, merchandise, and maintain the professional sales image of the department. Post Office Specialists will assist customers in all areas of the Post Office including but not limited to mailing letters and parcels, providing assistance with PO boxes, and assist customers with Venture One and other CPC transactions. 
 You will have good inter-personal, motivational, and follow up skills, combined with a willingness to accept responsibility. You will also be able to cope with stress, pressure, and remain calm when dealing with difficult situations. Basic PC knowledge is a requirement. 
 If you are a well organized, self-motivated, individual possessing professional sales experience, who has a positive attitude, a desire to support Company initiatives, and a commitment to achieving Company objectives, then we have the opportunity for you to excel! 
 We offer advancement opportunities through our promote-from-within policies, salaries commensurate with experience, as well as the potential to earn bonuses. We offer a comprehensive benefits program including: 
 Comprehensive, optional medical, dental, prescription drug and vision coverage for you and your family (Ensuring you and your family are taken care of) 
Company matched RRSPs (Helping you plan for your future 
Employee Discount Program (Sharing our success) 
Ongoing In-House Training & Education Courses (Lifelong learning) 
Employee Family Assistance Program (Free confidential counseling and support) 
Employee Recognition Program (Tangible rewards for great work!) 
Community Involvement (Giving back to our communities) 
 Applicants must be available to work a flexible schedule, Monday to Sunday. 
 Prior post office experience as well as familiarity with the ROSS (Canada Post POS system) will be considered an asset but is not a requirement. 
 If you possess the necessary skills and expertise and would like to join an exciting team of professionals, 
 Apply Now! 
 We are an equal opportunity employer. The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work applicable to this position and are not intended to be an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties and skills required. Be advised, London Drugs DOES NOT use third party recruitment services. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
