Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Clinical Research Assistant, Sunnybrook Research Institute (SB112020b) 
 Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Clinical Research Assistant, Sunnybrook Research Institute 
 (Temporary Full-time, 1 year term with the possibility of renewal) 
 Sunnybrook Research Institute (SRI) is seeking an energetic experienced individual to perform research activities in a dynamic and collegial environment. The ideal candidate will have a M.Sc. or B.Sc. in Computer Science, Neuroscience, Psychology or a related discipline. Preference will be given to candidates who have relevant research experience and prior experience with database creation and maintenance, advanced image analysis, and/or python software packaging, virtual environments, Anaconda/Conda, Jupyter/IPython. 
 Position environment 
 The candidate will join a vibrant team of research faculty and clinical scientists at SRI. The candidate will primarily work on a study examining risk factors for dementia in a multi-ethnic cohort, though will assist with other related projects. The candidate is expected to work independently and as a team member with investigators, staff, and students; and will report directly to Dr. Jennifer Rabin. 
 Responsibilities may include but are not limited to: 
Creating and maintaining databases 
Recruitment and coordinating participation in an MRI study related to risk factors for dementia 
Assisting with the collection, management, and analysis of MRI and behavioural data 
Assisting with neuropsychological testing and scoring 
Assisting with REB applications and other administrative tasks 
 Qualifications include but are not limited to: 
Completion of a M.Sc. or B.Sc. in Computer Science, Neuroscience, Psychology or related discipline combined with at least one year of relevant research experience. 
Experience creating and managing databases 
Neuropsychological/cognitive testing experience would be an asset 
Prior statistical experience would be an asset 
Strong computer skills and working knowledge of Microsoft Office applications 
Exceptional interpersonal and communication skills 
Self-motivated team member with a demonstrated ability to show initiative 
Excellent problem-solving and organizational skills 
Detail-oriented, accurate, dependable and flexible 
Ability to maintain confidentiality 
 The preferred start date is January 2021, though there is some flexibility. If your expertise qualifies you for this challenging and fulfilling position, please submit a cover letter, an updated CV, and the names of 2 - 3 potential references to: Dr. Jennifer Rabin  Jennifer.rabin@sri.utoronto.ca  and include Clinical Research Assistant Position in the subject line. 
 We thank you in advance for your interest. Only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. Application screening will continue until a suitable candidate is identified. 
 Sunnybrook Research Institute is committed to providing accessible employment practices that are in compliance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA). If you require accommodation for disability during any stage of the recruitment process, please indicate this in your cover letter. 
 Sunnybrook Research Institute is strongly committed to inclusion and diversity within its community and welcomes all applicants including but not limited to: visible minorities, all religions and ethnicities, persons with disabilities, LGBTQ persons, and all others who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas. 
 Sunnybrook Research Institute is committed to providing accessible employment practices that are in compliance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA). If you require accommodation for disability during any stage of the recruitment process, please indicate this in your cover letter. 
 Sunnybrook Research Institute is strongly committed to inclusion and diversity within its community and welcomes all applicants including but not limited to: visible minorities, all religions and ethnicities, persons with disabilities, LGBTQ persons, and all others who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
