Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Produce Helper 
 MCC 
 __Etobicoke, ON 
 Apply Now 
 The Produce Helper, you will ride on the vehicle and assists a Driver in providing exceptional waste removal services for our customers. The Helper is responsible for safely pushing and pulling waste carts, picking up and slinging garbage from refuse cans and/or recycle bins to garbage trucks and ensuring that it reaches garbage disposal areas in a proper and timely manner. 
 The Duties below include but are not limited to the following: 
 
 Ability to push and pull waste totes to be loaded for disposal 
 Manually or mechanically load and empty residential and/or commercial containers into truck. 
 Operates hoisting device to lift and empty bins or containers into truck hopper. 
 Assists driver with all backing maneuvers while on route. 
 Notifies Driver of any incidents, accidents, injuries, or property damage. 
 Climb on and off vehicle to load refuse, waste and poly carts 
 lift and carry trash bags and containers to the truck for disposal. 
 Operate packing mechanism and various levers and handles to activate the lifting and loading mechanism. 
 Continuously monitor waste for evidence of unacceptable waste. 
 Clean area around an accidental waste spill, ensuring adherence to all of U-PAK’s safety standards and policies. 
 Follow all of U-PAK’s safety policies and procedures. 
 Performs all duties as scheduled by Operations and assisting other drivers as directed to meet customer needs. 
 
 REQUIREMENTS: 
 
 A minimum of 1 year working experience in a similar role. 
 Ability to push and pull waste totes and carts 
 Experience working in the waste industry is an asset 
 Knowledge of waste industry practices and safety procedures is an asset 
 Good written and verbal communication skills. 
 Adhering to work schedule, reliable, dependable and punctual 
 Flexible and willing to learn 
 Must be able to work outside 
 Ability to lift above 20lbs 
 Good time-management skills. 
 Must reliable and dedicated 
 Other duties as assigned. 
 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Salary: $17.00 per hour 
 Benefits: 
 
 Casual dress 
 Company events 
 Dental care 
 Flexible schedule 
 On-site parking 
 Vision care 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 10 hour shift 
 8 hour shift 
 Day shift 
 Overtime 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Driver Helper: 1 year (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
