  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
  Advertising on Google/Facebook jobs  
 
 Evaluating bids 
 Google Ads Specialist (Junior) in Wroclaw, Poland 
 Published on the June 20, 2019 in Sales & Marketing 
 
 Project 
 Project Insights New 
 
 About this project 
 sales-marketing / advertising-on-google-facebook 
 USD 500 - 1,000 
 We are looking for a person who is fast-learning, creative and open-minded when it comes to experimenting in the marketing field, with strong basic knowledge and understanding of online advertising (with focus on Google Ads). 
 It is a remote job, however, candidates who are located in Wroclaw, Poland are preferred since it is expected from our candidate to regularly meet in Wroclaw with their immediate supervisor of the project. 
 Your responsibilities won't be limited to creation and optimization of Google Ads campaigns only, you will also take part in the overall digital marketing processes. You will support company strategy by building landing pages/forms and other assets, working with web designers/developers and content development team to constantly improve website performance, performing A/B tests on all elements of our marketing mix. 
 We are looking for somebody who wants to join our company full time, not an agency or somebody who is taking other clients on the side. We want somebody who wants to stick around for years to come and see this brand go worldwide! 
 Requirements: 
 -A desire to learn new things within an ever-changing and innovative environment; 
-Experience with Google Analytics, Google Ads; 
-Decent English (upper-intermediate /B1-B2 level); 
-Basic knowledge and understanding of digital marketing principles. 
 You will be asked to answer the following questions when submitting a proposal: 
 What are the 3 most important aspects of successful online advertising campaign? 
What sources do you use to learn and improve your marketing skills? (write some examples) 
Upload files you want to share with us (CV, certificates, examples of Google Ads campaigns you made) 
 About our company: 
 See our site here:  https://rockay.com 
We are a high end running apparel brand that is trying to revolutionize the industry by eventually using ocean collected plastic to develop world-class products. We are still pushing for the best overall quality while trying to make a meaningful difference for our planet. We are located in Denmark and produce our products in Europe. 
 We are a remote team from all over the world. 
 Category  Sales & Marketing 
Subcategory  Advertising on Google, Facebook 
What do you need?  Medium-sized campaigns 
Is this a project or a position?  Long-term position 
Required availability  Full time 
 Deadline: Not specified 
 Skills needed 
 Magento   PHP   WordPress   Google AdWords   Internet Marketing   Marketing   Advertising on Google,... 
 Want to start working on this project? 
 Log into  your Workana account or  Register  today. Boost your freelance work! 
 Are you looking for a freelancer to do a similar project? 
 Create your project and get bids from the best freelancers. 
 Publish your own project   Send your proposal now 
   
  K. T.  
 1 
 Published projects 
 0 
 Projects paid 
 Member since: June 2019 
 Project activity 
 0 
 Bids 
 0 
 Interested freelancers 
  __Previous project  
  __Next project  
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
