Skip to content 
 
 The Clifton Forge Telegraph 
 Menu 
 
 News 
 Classifieds 
 
 Job Postings 
 Personals 
 
 
 Columns 
 
 Around the Campfire 
 Ask Sunday 
 Business Weekly 
 Movies! 
 Tips Noir 
 
 
 CF Sim Page 
 [OOC FAQ] 
 
 Category: Job Postings 
 The Clifton Forge Telegraph is hiring! 
 Do you have a knack for writing interesting articles, finding great news tips or taking gorgeous pictures? We are looking for you! 
 The Clifton Forge Telegraph is looking for a couple people to join the staff who have a passion for news and entertainment. 
 Interested? Contact Faeryn Murphy (TheresaHerondale), the paper's Editor in Chief, with your contact information and resume or to schedule an interview. 
 faerynmurphy   Job Postings   Leave a comment   May 17, 2020May 16, 2020  1 Minute 
 Schaefer's Grocers - NOW HIRING! 
 Business Name  : Schaefer's Grocers 
 Recruiter (You)   Character Name  : Kate Griffin 
 Recruiter Legacy Name  : surafire resident 
 Job Title  : Assistant Manager / Cashiers / Stocking Clerks 
 Brief Description of the Job  : 
 Assistant Manager: Responsible for the day to day management of employee responsibilities and store function. Responsible for the requisition of produce and products. Responsible for assessing the closing balance at the end of the day and reporting any discrepancies. Other duties may be required. 
 Cashiers: Responsible for maintaining the cleanliness and organization of the store. Responsible for all customer transactions, balancing out the till at the end of the shift, and making deposits of cash and receipts into the safe. Other duties may be required. 
 Stocking Clerks: Responsible for maintaining the cleanliness and organization of products stocked on shelves. Responsible for receiving daily shipments of produce and goods. Responsible for the proper pricing of products stocked on the shelves. 
 Should candidate contact you on Discord or in SL?  Second Life. Private messages for OOC questions and IC for roleplay to apply for jobs. 
 Clifton Forge Telegraph   Job Postings   Leave a comment   March 9, 2020April 2, 2020  1 Minute 
 Clifton Forge Medical Clinic - NOW HIRING! 
 Business Name  : Clifton Forge Medical Clinic 
 Recruiter (You)   Character Name  : Giada Bedrosian 
 Recruiter Legacy Name  : Giada Bedrosian 
 Brief Description of the Job  : The clinic is looking for all kinds of medical and office staff. Nurse, tech, specialized positions and anyone wanting to play office/front desk staff 
 Should candidate contact you on Discord or in SL?  Both are fine 
 
 Clifton Forge Telegraph   Job Postings   Leave a comment   March 9, 2020  1 Minute 
 Fatty Cake Bakery - NOW HIRING! 
 Business Name:  Fatty Cake Bakery 
 Recruiter Legacy Name:  riskanything resident 
 Character Name:  Peyton Maslin 
 Job Title:  Baker or cashier 
 Other:  Baking will be done at Peyton's home for now as the business is run out of the bakery tram by The Telegraph Office 
 Should candidates contact you on Discord or in SL?:  Both are fine. 
 Clifton Forge Telegraph   Job Postings   Leave a comment   February 29, 2020February 29, 2020  1 Minute 
 Kane's Antiques & Oddities - NOW HIRING! 
 Business Name:  Kane's Antiques & Oddities 
 Recruiter Legacy Name:  Neptune Ziplon 
 Character Name:  Roman Kane 
 Job Title:  Shop Manager 
 Brief description of job:  Will work closely with Roman and go adventuring, hunting for lost artifacts and also trade them as well with other players of all walks of life. 
 Other:  Will also need working knowledge of the occult. 
 Should candidates contact you on Discord or in SL?:  Both are fine but Discord will receive a quicker response 
 Clifton Forge Telegraph   Job Postings   Leave a comment   February 29, 2020April 2, 2020  1 Minute 
 Kings Diner - NOW HIRING! 
 Business Name:  Kings Diner 
 Recruiter Legacy Name:  DarkAngler 
 Character Name:  Tristan E. Johnson 
 Job Title:  There are multiple positions - ∙ Cook ∙ Dishwasher ∙ Server ∙ Cleaner 
 Brief description of job:  ∙ Cooks cook ∙ Dishwashers wash dishes ∙ Servers serve customers (while wearing rollerskates) ∙ Cleaners clean the diner 
 Wage:  $10.50 + tips 
 Other:  Overtime is available for full-time & part-time employees; not available for per diem employees. All employees get free food while on-duty, and discounts while off duty. Scheduling is flexible. 
 Should candidates contact you on Discord or in SL?:  Both are fine. 
 Clifton Forge Telegraph   Job Postings   Leave a comment   February 28, 2020February 29, 2020  1 Minute 
 Sitamet Power Gym - NOW HIRING! 
 Business Name:  Sitamet Power Gym 
 Recruiter (You) Character Name:  Declan Kelly 
 Recruiter Legacy Name:  Rhyscarlier Resident 
 Job Title:  Personal Trainers 
 Brief description of job:  Help members with their weight loss goals or their gains goals 
 Job Title:  Fitness Instructors 
 Brief description of job:  Instructors to lead various jobs held at the gym to include, yoga, boxing, spinning, ect. 
 Job Title:  Receptionists Brief description of job: Someone to check in members and loan out equipment. 
 Job Title:  Dietician 
 Brief description of job:  Promotes healthy eating habits, provides meal plans 
 Job Title:  Barista 
 Brief description of job:  makes awesome smoothies for our customers 
 Should candidates contact you on Discord or in SL?:  Either one is fine. If you see me in world, come RP with me. 
 Clifton Forge Telegraph   Job Postings   Leave a comment   February 28, 2020February 29, 2020  1 Minute 
 Books and Brew - NOW HIRING! 
 Business Name:  Books & Brew 
 Recruiter (You) Character Name:  Lulu Sinclaire 
 Recruiter Legacy Name:  Lulu Jaynesford 
 Job Title:  Barista/Bookworm 
 Brief description of job:  Able to make a wide variety of coffee/tea based beverages. Greet customers, recommend books, manage the register. Knowledge of fiction, nonfiction, comic books and graphic novels a plus. 
 Should candidates contact you on Discord or in SL?:  Discord if I'm not in-world, IM me anytime if you see me on sim! 
 Clifton Forge Telegraph   Job Postings   Leave a comment   February 28, 2020February 29, 2020  1 Minute 
 Trax on Wax - NOW HIRING! 
 Business Name:  Trax on Wax Recruiter (You) 
 Character Name:  Kalandra Goes by Kali 
 Recruiter Legacy Name:  noxium1tenebrae 
 Job Title:  Cashier/receptionist 
 Brief description of job:  As we are getting our start recently we are hiring for all positions! Please come by the store and apply! Cashier/receptionisT: Manage the till, check people out, make sure the front area is taken care of, make appointments with people, collect mail. 
 Should candidates contact you on Discord or in SL?: 
Discord is more likely to get to me the fastest but either way works! 
 Clifton Forge Telegraph   Job Postings   Leave a comment   February 28, 2020February 29, 2020  1 Minute 
 Tags 
 Advice   Advice Column   announcement   Around the Campfire   Ask   Ask Sunday   Books and Brew   Booth   campfire   chocolate   cleaning   Cliff View Hotel   clifton forge   clifton forge telegraph   closed doors   Column   Coronavirus   desperate and horny   Dove   editor in chief   Faeryn Murphy   Fatty Cake   folklore   foods   friendzoned   hollywood   investor   Irish   Job Postings   Kane's Antiques and Oddities   Kings Diner   Kissing   Lace   latex   Leather   lich   Lucy   Medical Clinic   movie   Movies   myth   myths   natural   Nerve   News   noir   Prejudice   Pride   Pride and Prejudice   private   Pub   puppersnatch   review   reviews   richmond   roleplay   scary creatures   Schaefers Grocers   Sitamet Power Gym   stamina   Sunday   syrup   taboo   tales   telegraph   The Kissing Booth   the lich   The Lonely Dove   The three "L"s   tips   Tips Noir   toppings   Trax on Wax   vampire   whipped cream 
 Archives 
 
 October 2020  (5) 
 September 2020  (11) 
 August 2020  (15) 
 July 2020  (11) 
 June 2020  (12) 
 May 2020  (7) 
 March 2020  (4) 
 February 2020  (7) 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Create your website at WordPress.com 
 Get started 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
