Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Project Manager 
 Bombardier 
 __Saint-Laurent, QC 
 Apply Now 
 Project Manager-MON17454 
 Description 
 BOMBARDIER 
 At Bombardier, our employees work together to evolve mobility worldwide - one good idea at a time. If you have a good idea, we’ll provide the environment where it will thrive and grow into a great product or customer experience. Your ideas are our fuel. 
 In your role, you will: 
- 
Manage strategic project 
 - 
Prepare and lead governances and actions follow up 
 - 
Support strategic initiative 
 - 
Support business case studies 
 - 
 Lead all phase of project management:  feasibility study, project mandate, business plan 
 - 
Follow budget, schedule and resources management 
 - 
Prepare and present project status to all management level 
 - 
Develop risk management plan 
 - 
Support and prepare financial studies 
 - 
Create documents, tools and templates, document and improve process 
 Qualifications 
 As our ideal candidate, 
 
 You have a bachelor’s degree in technical field and five (5) to ten (10) years’ experience 
 You have strong project management skills. (PMP is an asset) 
 You have excellent oral and written communicator 
 You have the ability to interact with others and you are a team player 
 You have good analytical mind 
 You have skills on Fluent in English and French, both verbal and written 
 You have knowledge of MS-Project (plus) 
 You have initiative, you are dynamic, punctual and professional. 
 You have excellent customer-oriented approach. 
 You have the ability to manage a deadline and you are well organized 
 
 Bombardier is an equal opportunity employer and encourages women, Aboriginal people, persons with disabilities and members of visible minorities to apply. 
 Whether your candidacy is moving on to the next step of the hiring process or not, we will keep you informed by email or by phone. Join us at careers.bombardier.com 
 Your ideas move people. 
 Job:  Industrial Engineering 
 Primary Location:  CA-QC-Montreal St. Laurent 
 Organization:  Aerospace 
 Schedule:  Full-time 
 Employee Status:  Regular 
 Job Posting:  26.10.2020, 6:53:27 AM 
 Unposting Date:  Ongoing 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
