Skip to content 
 
 Main Menu Main Menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Blog 
 Privacy Policy 
 Terms of Use 
 Search 
 
 Search for: __ 
 5 Best Online Part-Time Jobs for College Students 
 1 Comment  /  Work-At-Home Ideas  / By    Kevin Nelson  
 Disclosure: This post may contain affiliate links, meaning we get a commission if you decide to make a purchase through our links, at no cost to you. Please read our disclosure  for more info. 
 Are you struggling to hold down a job and still attend all your classes? If so, maybe an online job is the better option. The internet provides different jobs which you can easily choose to do while still in college. They may also prove to be useful  after your graduation . 
 The good thing about online jobs is their flexibility. Here, you can do jobs where and when you want to and still go on to make enough cash to support your daily needs. We have taken time to highlight some of the five  online part-time jobs  for every college or university student. 
 In This Post: 
 
 5 Online Part-Time Jobs for College Students
 
 Freelance Writing 
 Online Tutoring 
 Data Entry 
 Becoming a Virtual Assistant 
 Taking Surveys 
 
 
 Conclusion 
 
 5 Online Part-Time Jobs for College Students 
 
 
 Freelance Writing 
 
 
 A freelance writer 
 If you’re looking for the best-paying and easiest method of making money in college, then you should  give freelance writing a try . So what happens? Well, you’re given different topics to write for a customer’s website, blog or marketing material. You get paid according to work you do. Payments come in different forms. You might get fixed rates per project or per word, as well as hourly rates. 
 So, where can you find the best freelance writing jobs? 
 
 Upwork 
 Craigslist 
 Textbroker 
 Freelance Writing Gigs 
 iWriter, and 
 The many websites offering essay writing services 
 
 
 
 Online Tutoring 
 
 
 A ‘normal’ tutor at work 
 Are you good in a particular school subject? If so, then you could choose to tutor other people on the same online. As a college student, you’re not likely to get any better opportunity to earn real money! Online Tutoring requires that you work and communicate with other students through video or chat messaging to assist them in understanding their assignment and class altogether. 
 Of course, several tutoring websites will take you through various texts to know if you’re qualified to be an online tutor. Online educational coaches should have sufficient amount of university education, for example, an associate’s diploma or degree.  Online Tutors are paid an average $17 per hour , but you’ll find some getting paid per session or per day. 
 To get the best online Tutoring jobs, take a look at some of these websites. 
 
 Tutor.com 
 Homework Tutoring 
 Aim 4.A 
 
 
 
 Data Entry 
 
 
 You can do it from the comfort of your home! 
 Data Entry mostly involves basic principles of copy or posting online. You may also need to take various product descriptions from one spreadsheet and fit them into a site. Ensure that you’ve done enough research for your client, for instance, collecting links for an individual project. Although most people find this complicated, it’s far too easy! 
 A good portion of it needs only some small kind of training, which is done by the client. In this case, you should expect that the entire process will be quite repetitive. Does it get you huge payments? Well no, but it’s just that kind of work which you easily do when you're free. Some of the great websites with various jobs on data entry include 
 
 Freelancer 
 Upwork 
 Amazon Mechanic Turk 
 iFreelance 
 Craigslist 
 
 
 
 Becoming a Virtual Assistant 
 
 
 _ 
A virtual assistant at work!_ 
 What is meant by becoming a virtual assistant? Here, you do important secretarial work on the internet. Some of the secretarial roles that you’ll come across include scheduling appointments, making phone calls and managing emails. The only difference is that you don’t have to report to work as an ordinary secretary. You can easily work from home, only using your computer. Freelance virtual secretaries on  websites such as Upwork charge from $18 to $35  per hour depending on experience as well as skill. 
 Almost all of the online jobs we’ve mentioned previously require that you work with different kinds of clients to ensure long-term pay. However, through virtual assisting you to get a more traditional feel of the job. Here, you’ll only need to work with either one or two clients. You also don’t have to  work for long hours . You can choose the working hours that you want by first consulting your employer. Some of the best sites if you’re looking for a virtual assisting job include: 
 
 Craigslist 
 Upwork 
 Guru 
 iFreelance 
 
 
 
 Taking Surveys 
 
 
 Taking online surveys is quite rewarding 
 By now, you may have seen spam review emails. They may seem crazy, but that is far from the case. You can earn money through taking various surveys online. Will you get enough cash to pay house bills like in freelance writing? Well, maybe not. The work is best taken as a part-time job or a venture that gets you some ‘side money.' 
 You get paid differently depending on the type of survey. Remember that you’ll need to prove that you suit the demographic study the client is targeting. Ensure that you’ve answered all the questions honestly and you’ll see the type of surveys which fit your qualification. Here’s a list of some of the exciting  survey websites : 
 
 Pinecone Research 
 iPoll 
 My Points 
 Survey Spot 
 
 Conclusion 
 Are you struggling in college because of lack of finances? These online jobs show that there’s something for each dedicated student. An online job such as freelance writing will also teach  how to write a college essay  or research project. Pick only the online job that works best for you, depending on your passion and specific qualifications. It may even end up being your life career! 
 Learn How To Make (More) Money From Home 
 SUBSCRIBE 
 You have Successfully Subscribed! 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous Post 
 Next Post -> 
 1 thought on "5 Best Online Part-Time Jobs for College Students" 
 
 Devin 
 
 September 29, 2018 at 8:04 am 
 great information. thanks! 
 Leave a Comment  Cancel Reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Type here.. 
 Name* 
 Email* 
 Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Search for: 
 About Us 
 Kim and friends have been sharing tips about working from home for over 20 years. Pajamas are optional. 
 Subscribe 
 How To Make (More) Money From Home 
 SUBSCRIBE 
 You have Successfully Subscribed! 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Copyright © 2021 Work In My Pajamas 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 Resources 
 Terms of Use 
 
 We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok 
