Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Tutor 
 Sunny Education & Service Corp. 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Sunny Education, Victoria, BC, Canada is on the lookout for: 
 1.   Online English Literature Coach 
 2.   Online Science Tutor 
 3.   Online IELTS/TOEFL/CELPIP/SAT   Tutor 
 4.   Online IB/AP/A-level Tutor 
 ²  Compensation 
 $22-50 Hourly 
 ²  Employment Type 
 Part-Time 
 ²  Why Work Here? 
 “More than 7 years of building trust and connecting opportunities” 
Sunny Education & Service Corp. 
Established in 2013, Sunny Education & Service Corp provides education services for both students and teachers. The company is renowned for its diverse educational resources and its effort in promoting cultural communications through English language literature and academic courses learning. For more information about our company, please go to www.sunnyeducation.com 
 1. Online English Literature Coach 
Job responsibilities: 
 
 
 Design and provide students with online reading sessions - specifically of an ongoing novel or a selection of short stories - on a regular basis. The successful candidate will endorse the enduring quality of the writing by way of literary analysis in the form of lively discussions that students will not bear to miss; 
 
 
 Provide additional material and/or advice to students. 
 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 
 A bachelor’s degree or above is required; 
 
 
 More than 10 years of English teaching experience is preferred; literary analysis skill and a rich reading background are definite assets; 
 
 
 Familiarity with online teaching, and equipped with computer and enough broadband capacity to easily run Zoom-type seminars; 
 
 
 Comfortable with a teacher/student speaking ratio of 30-70; 
 
 
 Targeted students: Adults, mainly English teachers from China, Class size: 6-20. 
 
 
 N.B. One needn’t be as scholarly and pedantic as a Kingsley Amis, just thoughtful and entertaining. 
 2. Online Science Tutor 
Job responsibilities: 
 
 
 Prepare lessons, assign homework.; 
 
 
 Develop learning plans based upon individual students need and help them cultivate the habits of mind associated with science; 
 
 
 Support students solid the foundation of conceptual and procedural knowledge in science; 
 
 
 Evaluate students’ progress and discuss the results with them; 
 
 
 Provide feedback to parents and complete assessment sheets as required. 
 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 
 A bachelor’s degree or above; 
 
 
 Excellent communication skills-written and verbal; 
 
 
 Proficient in PPT; 
 
 
 More than 2 years experiences in science teaching in elementary school; 
 
 
 BC Teaching Certification, ESL teaching experience and online teaching experience using Zoom are valuable assets. 
 
 
 3. Online IELTS/TOEFL/CELPIP/SAT Tutor 
Job responsibilities: 
 
 
 Design and provide students with online IELTS/ TOEFL/CELPIP/SAT class; 
 
 
 Evaluate students’ progress and discuss the results with them. 
 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 
 A bachelor’s degree or above; 
 
 
 More than 2 years experiences in IELTS/TOEFL/CELPIP/SAT teaching; 
 
 
 Proficient in bilingual teaching in Chinese and English 
 
 
 Familiar with Zoom online classroom teaching 
 
 
 High IELTS /TOEFL/CELPIP/SAT score, TESOL certificate preferred 
 
 
 4.Online IB/AP/A-level Tutor 
Job responsibilities: 
 
 
 Tailor tutoring sessions according to students’ needs 
 
 
 Provide study, learning, and time management strategies 
 
 
 Ability to break down a complex problem into a simple explanation 
 
 
 Work closely with teaching manager to meet students’ academic goals 
 
 
 Track and communicate student progress with teaching manager 
 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 
 Bachelor’s Degree 
 
 
 IB/AP/A-level knowledge in at least one or more subjects preferred 
 
 
 Dependable, friendly and patient individuals with strong communication skills 
 
 
 Proficient in bilingual teaching in Chinese and English is an asset 
 
 
 Familiar with Zoom online classroom teaching 
 
 
 Have a passion for education and mentoring students 
 
 
 Part-time hours: 10 per week 
 Job Types: Part-time, Freelance 
 Salary: $22.00-$50.00 per hour 
 Benefits: 
 
 Store discount 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 On call 
 
 Experience: 
 
 teaching: 2 years (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 Yes 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
