Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Analyst, Commercial Banking Co-op - Vancouver Island, BC (Winter 2021) 
 Scotiabank 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Requisition ID:  91202 
 Join the Global Community of Scotiabankers to help customers become better off. 
 Commercial Banking Analyst Intern 
 Winter 2021 (January – April) 
 This role will be virtual. 
 There is a new resume-less application process, be sure to read the instructions carefully 
 Why work for Scotiabank? 
Scotiabank is among the largest banks in the world and the most international bank in Canada. We are powered by our 99,000 high-performing (and awesome) teammates who make a real difference across the globe as a leading provider of advice, products, digital experiences, and financial services. Together with our Digital Factories around the world, we are dedicated to helping our 25 million customers become better-off. 
 This is a place where you’ll get to learn and develop your skills, while being recognized for your hard work. At Scotiabank, we’re passionate about bringing our whole selves to work, allowing us to create inclusive work environments for everyone to enjoy. Say hello to a career at Scotiabank. 
 Who We Are: 
We are a hard working group that thrives on making positive impact on Canadian business. You can find us across Canada helping mid to large size companies succeed! We thrive on making impact by providing a full suite of customized lending, deposit, cash management and trade finance solutions to our awesome clients. Like the businesses we work with we have many interesting areas to explore - Commercial Distribution, Real Estate Banking, Leasing, Roynat Capital, and Agriculture! 
 WHO ARE WE LOOKING FOR? 
 A self starter that can work collaboratively with a team 
The ability to thrive in fast pace and deadline-oriented environments 
A problem solver that can streamline and implement solutions effectively 
 YOU WILL… 
 During your term you'll get an early look at the fundamentals of financial analysis and risk assessment while learning from leaders who manage clients of all sizes. We will train and develop you to create proposals that will help our clients meet their financial and business goals. We love being hands-on and want to accelerate your learning. We want you to be a sponge and take it all in, bring your great attitude, always be authentic, and own every opportunity that comes your way. This is your time to shine! 
 YOU ARE… 
 Excellent communication/interpersonal/networking skills; 
love working with clients and are ready to put your knowledge of financial statements and accounting principles to wor 
University degree in business or a related field in progress 
 YOU HAVE BASIC KNOWLEDGE IN … 
 Financial statement analysis 
Microsoft Office including proficiency in Power Point presentations 
Mid-level proficiency in use of Microsoft Excel 
 How do I apply? 
 For students, we are focused on learning about who you are and what you’re interested in to uncover your true potential. In short, we don’t believe resumes will provide us with an accurate depiction of what you’re truly about to properly assess your potential. Instead we want to get to know YOU and hear about the experiences that have shaped you. We know… this might sound crazy but for students applying to one of our co-ops, internships or TILT new grad programs we are no longer requiring resumes. Instead we ask that as part of your application, you complete the below: 
 Complete your PLUM Profile:  link to plum 
 Complete a short one-way video interview:  link to rivs 
 Apply to the role through our career site! When the application asks for your resume, instead upload a screenshot of your plum to show us you’ve completed it, we have full access to your entire profile from Plum and won’t use the screenshot but it’s a great reminder for each of you to have completed it. Alternatively you can submit a resume if you want, we just will not be relying on it when we assess you. Scotiabank is committed to providing an inclusive and accessible candidate experience. Only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. If you require accommodation during the recruitment and selection process, please let us know. We will work with you to meet your needs. 
 Location(s):  Canada : British Columbia : Vancouver || Canada : British Columbia : Victoria 
 As Canada's International Bank, we are a diverse and global team. We speak more than 100 languages with backgrounds from more than 120 countries. Our employees are committed to a superior customer experience and use the Bank’s six guiding sales practice principles to ensure they act with honesty and integrity. 
 At Scotiabank, we value the unique skills and experiences each individual brings to the Bank, and are committed to creating and maintaining an inclusive and accessible environment for everyone. If you require accommodation (including, but not limited to, an accessible interview site, alternate format documents, ASL Interpreter, or Assistive Technology) during the recruitment and selection process, please let our Recruitment team know. If you require technical assistance, please click here. Candidates must apply directly online to be considered for this role. We thank all applicants for their interest in a career at Scotiabank; however, only those candidates who are selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
