  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
 Business Writing 
 
 Business Writing Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance Commercial writer ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/business-writing) 
 4 months ago 
 Comercial and Marketing support 
 Published: 4 months ago  Bids: 2 
 I need someone that can help me in develop personalizes marketing campaigns, and commercial task with leads interested in trading and financial markets investing. We will offer variable rewards and we will provide multiple leads sources to impulse the sales of the tools and investment in strategies. We are in Colombia but offer a service in english. 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Sales Executive 
 Project size  : Medium 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  C. B. Colombia 
 USD 50 - 100 
 11 months ago 
 I need content writer 
 Published: 11 months ago  Bids: 1 
 I need professional content writer for my website  Buyworkers.com.  I need like 11 pages write up that will rank in google first page. SEO skill is required 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Writing for websites 
 How many words?  : Between 1,000 and 5,000 words 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  G. United Kingdom 
 USD 250 - 500 
 11 months ago 
 Native British - English Content Writer 
 Published: 11 months ago  Project duration: 1 - 2 months Bids: 5 
 Hi British Writers. 
 We are looking for a native British - English Content Writer for different on-going projects. We are a B2B Clothing Printing Company. It means the writing you provide should be 100% for businesses. 
 Not familiar with it? This is the first filter you need to apply to yourself before sending a proposal! 
 The first project: 
Update some existing published blog posts and turn them into "How to" longer guides. We also need to create other "How to" guides from scratch. 
 For this type of project, we prefer to pay per word rather than per hour. Please let us know your rate! 
 Looking forward to hiring you! 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Article writing 
 How many words?  : Between 1,000 and 5,000 words 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 Published by:  S. G. United Kingdom 
 USD 20 - 30 / hour 
 11 months ago 
 Business em-mails proofreading 
 Published: 11 months ago  Bids: 18 
 I've got an exciting project for anyone interested in proofreading :) My boss is looking for an editor/copywriter. Last year, he moved to the United States and has recently embarked on an exciting new business project. 
Furthermore, he hopes to work as a teaching assistant at one of the universities. 
This is to gain experience, with money being a secondary factor since he has his own company in Russia. 
 Looking for someone who can do: 
*proofreading 
*business writing 
 
 email review 
 turn content from boring to exciting 
 
 My boss contacts many professors and business people daily, and even though his English is fine, it is not good enough to communicate with professors or get a job in academia in the future. 
 Therefore, I would like to find a person who can "improve his English" in the emails, make business correspondence sound smart and sophisticated. My boss has a bs, ms, and mba, so it is crucial that from the emails you could see it (but please don't overdo it). 
 This job is for you if you are 
 1.Native  English speaker (US) 
2. Responsible 
3. Accurate 
4. 
Have needed experience 
 If you are interested, please send me a before/after example (0,5-1 page long) of text that you "improved." 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Proofreading 
 How many words?  : Less than 1,000 words 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  A. United States 
 Less than USD 50 
 Last year 
 General support for busy ceo 
 Published: Last year  Project duration: 1 - 4 weeks Bids: 1 
 Hi, I'm currently the Ceo of a digital creative agency,  consulting for another digital marketing agency and have helped start a Fin-tech start up which is about to launch. All of this is very exciting but it equals about 8-9 days of work a week. 
 I'm looking for someone who can help me improve my response time, delegation and just generally staying on top of things. 
 I have 3 inboxes and calendars , but all Gmail. 3 sets of teams that I'm working with across the course of the week and I am typically trying to work across the hours of 4am to 10pm. (Sounds good doesn't it!). 
I would like to be able to discuss Tasks, leave voice messages over what's app and work with a trello/kanban board for day to day - but I'm flexible on how we do that best for both of us. 
 Given my work hours, no need to be in Australia (Sydney) , however native English is a must so that email can be drafted or sent on my behalf without issue. 
 I'm calm and will work with you and much as I'm asking you to work with me. I would appreciate your suggestions on how best to organise and coordinate the various tasks and people around me. 
 I look forward to hearing about you and any questions you might have. 
Cheers, 
David 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Virtual Assistant 
 Published by:  D. E. Australia 
 Less than USD 10 / hour 
 Last year 
 Business Plan for Investors in China 
 Published: Last year  Bids: 7 
 We are La Forketta an Italian Restaurant in Singapore operating since 1993 that sees amazing opportunities to grow our business in China Market. We are looking for an expert in China Market and someone who can write our business plan in both English and Chinese, that will help us convince investors in China. 
 This is our vision for expansion and the concepts we have decided on. 
 
 
 Pizzaria (Serving wood fired sour dough Pizza) connected to drinking place : We have a vision to open many of this concepts across Major cities in China. 
 
 
 Pasta restaurant (Serving Fresh homemade organic pasta) connected to Gourmet Store: We have a vision to open many of this concepts across Major cities in China. 
 
 
 Full Concept of La Forketta as a restaurant: Only 1 in each Major city in China. 
 
 
 Online Suppermarket. With both a Website platform and app for it. 
 
 
 We need someone who can write a Business Plan in both English and Chinese that can convince investors China. 
 Our website:  laforketta.com.sg 
 important part: business is losing money, please make sure investors and investment firms not discouraged by this fact by proving singapore is an extremely small market where restaurants have no chance of success, due to heavy employment laws, small population and business fully depending on office timing situation. Even Michelin Star restaurants lose money and close down in Singapore. This is a crucial part of the project to ensure investors/investment firms are not discouraged because the company losing money. 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Project management 
 Project size  : Medium-sized project and team 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  G. C. Singapore Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 250 - 500 
 Last year 
 Looking for research and ghost write a book on are President Donald... 
 Published: Last year  Deadline: 14 Bids: 14 
 Looking for research and ghost write a book on are President Donald Trump I will fill you in more specifics send me your offers 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Writing for websites 
 How many words?  : More than 5,000 words 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  G. Last reply: Last year  United States Payment method:  __Verified 
 Less than USD 50 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
