Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Ladies Fit Model 
 Canadian Tire 
 __Calgary, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Help us boldly shape retail in Canada 
 Canadian Tire Corporation’s (CTC) rich heritage of serving Canadians from coast-to-coast dates back to 1922. Our vision is to become the #1 retail brand in Canada by 2022 and we are focused on innovating and making important investments in our business, especially when it comes to our people. To reach our goal, we need the best talent to help us evolve and drive change across the business – and boldly help shape Canada’s retail industry. As we strive to be at the forefront of a complex and vastly changing retail industry, it is an exciting time to join the Canadian Tire family of companies. 
 Job Summary 
 The Ladies fit model will report to the QA Manager and will meet the size/ height measurement requirements for our Ladies fit model. They will be participating in the fit sessions with the INA Quality Assurance Team. The position is a permanent, part time position with scheduled fittings during the day. 
 What you’ll do 
The Ladies fit model will be required be available for scheduled meetings several times a week, for several hours at a time. 
These fittings will occur during normal business hours. 
The successful candidate will need to be on time for scheduled meetings and will be responsible for assisting in fit comments during the fittings regarding feel and functionality of the garment. 
Required Skills and Experience 
The Ladies fit model will need to be a Medium size, or a Ladies size 8 and will be required to be within the following measurements: Bust – 36 - 37”, Waist – 28.5 - 29.5”, Hips – 38.5- 39.5”, Height 5’6” – 5-8” 
Age range is 30 – 45 years, as this is our target market. 
The successful candidate will be required to have a positive attitude and will be required to be patient and helpful during fittings. 
The Ladies fit model will be required to maintain these body measurements for the duration of her position of the fit model role with FGL (Sportchek & Marks clothing will be fitted). 
No experience is necessary. 
Who you are 
 We are looking for individuals who are: 
Creative and courageous, with the ability to manage in an environment of change and ambiguity to help us take bold, strategic moves in this rapidly evolving retail environment 
Action oriented, and comfortable taking calculated risks to better serve our customers and business 
Outcome focused, critical thinkers with the ability to analyze and visualize, to ensure continuous improvement across our entire business 
Collaborative team players with superior influencing skills, who build relationships easily across various stakeholder groups to move initiatives forward 
If you’re curious, ready to take on new challenges and open to doing things differently to help us evolve rapidly, then this is definitely the place to be. 
 What you bring 
Builds Trust and Credibility by consistently adhering to the organization’s business principles and values. Is seen as direct, truthful, and trustworthy by coworkers, vendors, and customers. 
Committed to results by taking personal responsibility for achieving mutually agreed upon individual/team objectives. 
Demonstrates a desire to help and serve internal/external customers to meet their needs. Is proactive, responsive, and focused on discovering, anticipating, and exceeding the customer’s needs. 
Works collaboratively and cooperatively with others to achieve shared goals and objectives. Considers the wider team, function, banner or the organization and takes action or makes decisions which support the success of those groups. 
Recovers quickly after change, disruptions, or mistakes and can remain productive and focused. Is adaptable and can apply lessons learned in one situation to another situation. 
Academic / Educational requirements 
No experience is necessary. THIS IS NOT A PROFESSIONAL MODELLING POSITION. 
About Canadian Tire Corporation 
 Canadian Tire and its family of companies are boldly shaping retail in Canada and we continue to deliver a positive experience for our customers. As one of the most trusted brands in Canada, our employees take pride in the work we do across the country. It’s more than the iconic triangle that keeps our employees around. From benefits and perks, to learning and development opportunities, to our commitment to Jumpstart – these are some of the many reasons why Canadian Tire Corporation is one of Canada’s Top Employers . 
 To learn more about this team and the Canadian Tire family of companies follow us on LinkedIn . 
Canadian Tire is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace for all. We recognize that our future success depends on the perspectives and contributions of all our employees - their diverse backgrounds, abilities and experiences make our business stronger. If you are contacted for a job opportunity, please advise us of any accommodations needed to ensure fair and equitable access throughout the recruitment and selection process. All accommodation information provided will be treated as confidential and used only for the purpose of providing an accessible candidate experience. FGL Corporate 
Alberta-Calgary 
Calgary, Ab 
Permanent 
Part-time 
Job Posting 
: Apr 26, 2019, 12:00:02 PM 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
