Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Research Nurse (Clinical Research Coordinator III) 
 University Health Network 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 University Health Network (UHN) is looking for an experienced professional to fill the key role of Research Nurse (Clinical Research Coordinator III) in our Department of Medical Oncology. 
 Transforming lives and communities through excellence in care, discovery and learning. 
 The University Health Network, where “above all else the needs of patients come first”, encompasses Toronto Rehabilitation Institute, Toronto General Hospital, Toronto Western Hospital, Princess Margaret Cancer Centre and the Michener Institute of Education at UHN. The breadth of research, the complexity of the cases treated, and the magnitude of its educational enterprise has made UHN a national and international resource for patient care, research and education. With a long tradition of groundbreaking firsts and a purpose of “Transforming lives and communities through excellence in care, discovery and learning”, the University Health Network (UHN), Canada’s largest research teaching hospital, brings together over 16,000 employees, more than 1,200 physicians, 8,000+ students, and many volunteers. UHN is a caring, creative place where amazing people are amazing the world. 
 University Health Network (UHN) is a research hospital affiliated with the University of Toronto and a member of the Toronto Academic Health Science Network. The scope of research and complexity of cases at UHN have made it a national and international source for discovery, education and patient care. Research across UHN's five research institutes spans the full spectrum of diseases and disciplines, including cancer, cardiovascular sciences, transplantation, neural and sensory sciences, musculoskeletal health, rehabilitation sciences, and community and population health. Find out about our purpose, values and principles here. 
 The role of nursing in clinical trials continues to evolve as a growing profession within nursing. It expands the nurse’s knowledge base, professional practice, autonomy and utilizes key elements of nursing practice such as patient assessment, critical thinking and holistic patient care. What is unique to this role is that all of these functions are within the realm of clinical trials. If you are looking for a challenging nursing role that is both rewarding and interesting, we may have that role for you. 
 The Clinical Research Coordinator III collaborates with Investigators and the health care team to assume responsibility for the overall patient management and coordination of several clinical studies for the Department of Medical Oncology at Princess Margaret Hospital. The research nurse will work primarily with the Gastrointestinal disease site team. 
 Key responsibilities include recruitment of study participants (e.g. identify and screen potential subjects, obtain informed consent); coordination of patient visits schedules as per study protocol; execution of all aspects of study visit (e.g. assessment adverse events, monitoring safety, medication, questionnaires, sample collection, including processing and shipment of samples according to clinical protocol),provides clinical care for patients participating in clinical trials and the implementation and coordination of all aspects of data collection and source documentation within required timeframes, as per UHN policy and ICH/GCP guidelines. 
 QUALIFICATIONS: 
Registered Nurse with a minimum of 3 (three) years of nursing experience 
Current registration with the College of Nurses of Ontario 
BScN preferred 
Recognized certification in clinical research (ACRP, CCRP or SOCRA) obtained or plans to work towards 
Minimum one (1) year clinical experience in oncology with strong knowledge base in GI oncology 
Demonstrated knowledge and ability to utilize the nursing process in planning, implementing and evaluating patient care 
Evidence of good physical assessment, psychosocial assessment and patient/family teaching skill 
Previous clinical research experience preferred 
Autonomous clinical critical thinking ability 
Training in ICH/GCP guidelines an asset. 
Knowledge of IATA shipping regulations and basic laboratory procedures an asset 
Excellent organizational and time management skills required 
Strong analytical and problem solving skills 
Excellent interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills required 
Ability to set priorities and work independently with accuracy in a dynamic environment 
Proficiency with MS Office software - Word and Excel desired. 
 If you are interested in making your contribution at UHN, please apply on-line. You will be asked to copy and paste as well as attach your resume and covering letter. You will also be required to complete some initial screening questions. 
 POSTED DATE:  November 12, 2020 CLOSING DATE: Until Filled 
 For current UHN employees, only those who have successfully completed their probationary period, have a good employee record along with satisfactory attendance in accordance with UHN's attendance management program, and possess all the required experience and qualifications should apply. 
 University Health Network thanks all applicants, however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 UHN is a respectful, caring, and inclusive workplace. We are committed to championing accessibility, diversity and equal opportunity. Requests for accommodation can be made at any stage of the recruitment process providing the applicant has met the Bona-fide requirements for the open position. Applicants need to make their requirements known when contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
