  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
 Educational Technology 
 
 Educational Technology Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance Educational Technology Expert ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/educational-technology) 
 2 weeks ago 
 Learning Consultant - Bilingual En-Pt  prime client 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Project duration: 1 - 4 weeks Bids: 2 
 For one of our customers in Workana we are looking for a bilingual (en-pt) Learning Consultant with experience or knowledge in IT Business. 
 A person who is formally trained in adult education, particularly with a focus on business or corporate skills, as opposed to a high school or college teacher. 
 A person who is very comfortable with taking a person who is a subject matter expert and helping them to form their subject matter expertise into measurable blocks of content. So the content can be delivered to the subject matter expert’s prodigies so they can learn more and gain skills from the content. 
 A learning consultant that will help to form all the content so we can see all the steps of what the prodigies are learning, how their experience is being gained, and a level of measurement and success for their activities. 
 Requirements: 
Formal education in adult learning. 
Formal education in curriculum development. 
At least 5-6 years of learning consultant experience in a business setting, preferably a high tech setting. 
 NOT purely academic setting. 
Able to handle 5-6 projects at once. 
 Time length: 
Maximum 10 hours per week 
About 8-10 weeks 
 If you are interested and have the necessary skill, please send us your proposal including your updated CV. 
 Thank you! 
 Workana Team! 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Strategic planning 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 Published by:  K. F. -. W. Last reply: 2 weeks ago  Brazil 
 Over USD 40 / hour 
 5 months ago 
 Teachers of English needed! 
 Published: 5 months ago  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 5 
 I need a teacher to help me manage my social media account which is about creating English and other language posts and creating language youtube videos. the page has just started and none from the group is paid. Anyone who is energetic and hardworking is welcomed. 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Published by:  A. P. Last reply: 5 months ago  Albania 
 Less than USD 10 / hour 
 10 months ago 
 Technology Website 
 Published: 10 months ago  Bids: 6 
 I want to make a website as same as this https://camparisiontech.blogspot.com/2020/03/apple-vs-samsung.html  .I pay a big amount for this website. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Wordpress 
 Published by:  H. K. India 
 USD 500 - 1,000 
 2 years ago 
 Technical Writers and Instructional Designers 
 Published: 2 years ago  Bids: 3 
 We are running an e-Publishing company. Our mission is simple: to create the best educational content to the people who need it and help change their lives. 
 We have been in the software industry for 20 years and know this industry inside out. We are using our skills and experience to build very relevant content for our sophisticated audience. 
 We produce compelling content on all the latest and greatest technologies; just to name a few: 
 Cloud Computing 
Machine Learning/Deep Learning 
BlockChain 
Computer Vision 
DevOps 
Mobile Programming 
Security 
and much more.... 
 We are you looking for technical content writers, editors and instructional designers who are ambitious and want to learn the ins and outs of the software industry. 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Article writing 
 How many words?  : More than 5,000 words 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  M. A. Last reply: 2 years ago  Canada 
 Less than USD 50 
 3 years ago 
 Dvd Production 
 Published: 3 years ago  Bids: 22 
 Design and produce instructional DVD from existing footage of dance exercises. 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Make or edit a video 
 What do you need?  : Edit an existing video 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 I will provide  : Original film 
 Published by:  D. H. Argentina 
 USD 250 - 500 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
