[ 
 Workersonboard 
 ](https://www.workersonboard.com/ "Workersonboard") 
 Toggle Navigation 
 
 Home  
 
 W@H Community 
 Help 
 Site Directory 
 
 
 Get Paid Online  
 
 Extra Cash 
 Focus Groups 
 Freelance Gigs 
 Mystery Shop 
 Paid Surveys 
 Sell your Stuff 
 Smartphone Apps 
 
 
 Work at Home Jobs  
 
 Work at Home Equipment 
 Non Phone Work at home Jobs 
 Late Night Work at home Jobs 
 WAH Jobs No Experience 
 Work at home Companies 
 W@H Jobs you can Live On 
 Work at home Weekly Pay 
 WAH Jobs for Teens 
 W@H Jobs No Landline 
 Worldwide WAH Jobs 
 Work at Home Scams 
 Work at home Websites 
 Resume 
 
 
 Weekly Jobs  
 
 Typing Test 
 Friday Freebie 
 My W@H Course 
 W@H Book 
 
 
 Remote T  
 
 Accounting 
 Appointment Setters 
 Data Entry 
 Editing 
 Transcription 
 Tutor 
 Write Online  
 
 Writing Gigs 
 Freelance Writing 
 Write for Greeting Cards 
 
 
 
 
 Blogging  
 
 Blogging Course 
 How to Start a Blog 
 Build a Blog/Website 
 Get a Blog 
 Monetize Your Blog 
 
 
 Free  
 
 Free Instant Gift Cards 
 Free Cash to Search Online 
 Free Blog 
 
 
 About  
 
 Advertise 
 Contact Me 
 Video Library 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 FlexJobs Review - Should you Try It? 
 Published by  aw1219  on April 21, 2020 
 We may earn money or products from some of the companies mentioned in this post. 
 Millions of people all over the world are out of work right now. Whether your current situation is temporary or on a more permanent basis, you may be on the lookout for a  work at home job , a second job, or more ways to earn  income  from home. That being said, I'd like to introduce you to  FlexJobs  to explain what it is and how it can help you land a work at home job faster. 
 What is FlexJobs? 
 FlexJobs  is a legitimate job site that has been in business since 2007 providing job seekers scam-free job leads on a regular basis to help stay at home parents, students, freelancers, middle-aged individuals, and others get back into the workforce. FlexJobs has an A+ rating by the Better Business Bureau and has been featured on popular networks like Good Morning America, CNN, USA Today, CNBC, and many others. You can find their official website by  visiting this page . 
 What is different about FlexJobs? 
 There is a lot of  work at home blogs  that dedicate a page to recent work at home  job listings  like this one but still may not provide you with a job that fits your individual skills and needs. What's different about FlexJobs is that they have over 50+ categories of job leads that will save you time, energy, and the frustration of not being able to find exactly what you are looking for. You can also screen out leads based upon your location and even find jobs if you live in California or outside of the United States. 
 In addition to the thousands of jobs they post on their website, FlexJobs provides  one-on-one career coaching, will review your resume, provide you with skills tests, and even has their own customer service department to assist you with your job search. This is an invaluable service that many work at home blogs do not provide. All the jobs are hand-screened and vetted to ensure you will not be set up with any business opportunities or fake jobs. FlexJobs also features timely content and resources to help you stay up-to-date with upcoming  job fairs , reviews of work at home employers and even success stories to keep you motivated. 
 
 Is there a fee to use FlexJobs? 
 Yes. FlexJobs has a low-cost pricing plan that starts at $14.95 per month. This entitles you to unlimited access to every job they find, job tips, a profile that employers can see so that you can be found by them, email alerts when new jobs are posted, and a portfolio to upload your personalized resume and work samples. One thing I like about FlexJobs is they offer each member a full refund if you are not completely satisfied with your membership within the first 30 days. You also get access to special discounts and deals for being a member. 
 Should you Try FlexJobs? 
 I really believe that if you have not gotten hired from a company yet or feel your work at home job prospects are limited, you should give FlexJobs a try. I understand that it may not be ideal for everyone because there is a fee associated with this company but if you can afford it, give it a try (at least for a month) and see your results increase from having additional work at home job opportunities. 
 
 Until we get a vaccine for COVID-19, there will be many employers offering work at home jobs. This adjustment will only be to your advantage. This is especially true, if you know they are hiring and that's why FlexJobs will be a great addition to your work at home journey. 
 How to join FlexJobs? 
 Make sure you join  FlexJobs by clicking here  to get started. If you are not ready to become a member yet, please browse their website to see what they have to offer and discuss it with your work at home companions. 
 
 You can also jumpstart your work at home career by visiting the  weekly job section  for fresh new work at home job leads posted on this website today. Please share your good news with us on our  Facebook group  or in the comments below if you are asked to interview with a company or get hired to work from home. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Related 
 Categories:  FlexJobs job search FlexJobs legit FlexJobs work at home review FlexJobs worth it 
 Tags:  FlexJobs 2020 review FlexJobs membership FlexJobs work at home jobs 
           
 
 0 Comments 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 What's on your mind? 
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. 
 Notify me of new posts by email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Subscribe to Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 3,479 other subscribers 
 Email Address 
 Subscribe 
 Subscribe 
 
 
 
 Get Started  
 
 
 Work at home Course 
 300+ Companies that Pay you to W@H 
 W@H Essentials 
 W@H FB Group 
 Daily Work at Home Jobs 
 Payment Proof 
 Get paid Daily 
 Get Paid $10 to Join Swagbucks 
 Reviewers needed 
 Mini Polls for Fast Cash 
 Free $10 Gift Card 
 Advertise on Workersonboard 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 Easy Steps to start a Blog 
 
 
 Work at home Course 
 300+ Companies that Pay you to W@H 
 W@H Essentials 
 W@H FB Group 
 Daily Work at Home Jobs 
 Payment Proof 
 Get paid Daily 
 Get Paid $10 to Join Swagbucks 
 Reviewers needed 
 Mini Polls for Fast Cash 
 Free $10 Gift Card 
 Advertise on Workersonboard 
 
 Workersonboard.com 2011-2020 
 
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you accept this policy as long as you are using this websiteXAcceptView Policy 
 We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok 
