
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to primary sidebar 
 Skip to footer 
 
 These 10 Industries Hire The Most Remote Workers.  FREE Guide. Close Top Banner 
 Additional menu 
 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Work From Home Happiness 
 Actionable Advice from Ashlee Anderson 
 
 Career Coaching 
 
 30-Minute Career Q & A 
 60-Minute Career Clarity & Direction 
 Resume Writing 
 The Effortless Remote Job Search 
 
 
 Career Paths
 
 Bookkeeper 
 Content Marketer 
 Medical Billing & Coding 
 Medical Transcription & Editing 
 Proofreader 
 Transcription 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Writer 
 
 
 Resources 
 Now Hiring 
 Blog 
 About 
 
 Newsletter Sign Up 
 Get In Touch 
 Disclosure Statement 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Start Here. 
 
 Virtual Receptionist Jobs 
 December 6, 2017 by  Ashlee Anderson   8 Comments 
 __Tweet 
 __Pin 887 
  __Share 216 
  __Share 4 
 1K Shares 
 Many customers expect businesses, large and small, be accessible 24/7. But for solopreneurs and small business owners it's impractical (if not impossible) for them to field calls for their business or brand around the clock. 
 So, in order to maintain an ever-reachable presence, many entrepreneurs are turning to Virtual Receptionist Services to answer their calls for them, even when they're unavailable or too busy to get to the phone themselves. 
 If you've got one of those voices that projects a smile and have a natural ability to establish rapport with customers and clients, this is a work from home job opportunity that offers steady work and is expected to grow in years to come. 
 Virtual Receptionist Services 
 You've probably heard of  Virtual Assistant jobs  and how they are very popular work from home options for administrative professionals. 
 Virtual Receptionist jobs are quite similar but require much more time on the phone answering inbound calls. In fact, these jobs are so phone-heavy that they are often referred to as virtual answering service jobs due to the volume of inbound calls you'll answer in any given day. 
 Finding Virtual Receptionist Jobs From Home 
 A quick Google search will find a lot of cloud-based, virtual, and distributed answering and reception service companies. Although these companies offer virtual receptionist services, many of them operate physical call centers and do not hire remote workers. 
 However, there are a few legitimate companies that frequently hire at-home receptionists. Each operate a bit differently but, for the most part, hire reps to answer inbound calls for a variety of clients. 
 Gabbyville 
 Gabbyville is a well-known company that provides live receptionist and answering services. They also are known to hire virtual receptionist from around the U.S. 
 However, Gabbyville does not openly post their positions on their website. Instead, you'll have to  send over your resume and cover letter  to express interest. 
 Be sure to highlight any industry-specific experience you may have. Gabbyville works with businesses in fields like accounting, finance, construction, real estate, and IT. A work history in any of these industries can make you a great fit for a virtual receptionist here! 
 Smith 
 As far as flexibility goes, working for Smith is second to none. Virtual Receptionists here can schedule themselves in blocks of time. The average shift is anywhere between 2 to 7 hours. 
 Receptionists are tasked with answering incoming calls from a variety of businesses. You may take a message, help book an appointment, or transfer calls to the appropriate contact. 
 To be considered, a great work ethic is a must along with previous receptionist experience. All candidates are hired and paid through Upwork. So, be sure to  set up an Upwork profile  that stands out for all the right reasons. 
 Vicky Virtual 
 Vicky Virtual hires receptionists to work from home across the United States. Their services are marketed to busy business owners who need an extra hand fielding the many inbound calls they receive on any given day. 
 As a Vicky Virtual Receptionist, 90% of your workday will be answering inbound calls using your computer and a  headset . On occasion, you may communicate with clients and customers via live chat and email, too. 
 When answering phone calls for clients, you'll need to follow guidelines for interacting with their customers and take a detailed message which will be forwarded to the client. You need a super-friendly demeanor, a phone voice that always projects a smile and be comfortable looking at a computer screen for the majority of your workday. A stable internet connection and an ability to type 50+ words per minute are also a must! 
 If this sounds like you, head on over to the  Vicky Virtual Careers Page  to start the application process. As a Vicky Virtual Receptionist you'll be paid $10.00 per hour and also get a free Hulu Plus, Netflix, Spotify, Apple Music or Xbox Live subscription (bonus!). 
 Exec-u-sist 
 Like Vicky Virtual, Exec-u-sist hires Virtual Receptionists to work from home. However, Exec-u-sist works with companies large and small on a global scale and expect their Virtual Receptionists to provide services outside of just answering inbound calls. 
 As an Exec-u-sist Virtual Receptionist you will answer inbound calls, place outbound calls, and perform general administrative tasks. The nature of calls you'll take and make will vary, but may include: 
 
 Appointment setting 
 Order processing 
 Pre-sales 
 Surveys 
 Confirmation calls 
 Callbacks 
 
 To work as a Virtual Receptionist for Exec-u-sist, you'll need a distraction-free, quiet home office, high speed internet, and a personal computer running Windows 7 or higher. You'll need to have a pleasant phone demeanor, stay calm under pressure, and be able to handle multiple calls at once. As part of their administrative offerings, Exec-u-sist requires their Virtual Receptionists to be familiar with Excel and be able to conduct basic research using search engines and social media. 
 Exec-u-sist operates 24/7 so there is a ton of room for shift flexibility! All Virtual Receptionists are W2 employees and not 1099 contractors. The pay rate starts at $10.00 per hour and there is room for advancement, pay increases, and referral incentives. Employees are also eligible for benefits and paid time off. 
 The Exec-u-sist application process is unique and is meant to gauge your suitability as a Virtual Receptionist. If you think you've got what it takes, you can get started with the hiring process  here . 
 Freelance Virtual Receptionist Jobs 
 If you like the idea of working as a Virtual Receptionist, but prefer to do things on your own terms, you may want to consider offering freelance Virtual Receptionist services.  Upwork  is a freelancers' marketplace that lists a variety of Virtual Receptionist positions that range from full time commitments to temporary gigs. 
 You need to bid on jobs at Upwork and also pay fees, but the number of jobs available at any given time make it much easier to find clients than if you tried to find them on your own (as I type this, there are currently 40 advertisements seeking Virtual Receptionists on Upwork alone). Similar sites like  Guru  and  Freelancer  also have Virtual Receptionist gigs listed, but at a much lower rate than what I've seen on Upwork. 
 Start Your Own Answering Service Business 
 If you like the idea of working on your own, but aren't fond of the bidding and fees associated with freelance marketplaces, you could always start your own answering service business. You'll need to market your services in order to land your first client (this very well may take some time!). But the benefits of sourcing your own clients means you get to charge your own rates and won't have to pay out a percentage of your earnings. 
 Starting a home-based business is a huge commitment and requires a lot of time and effort, but if you have the drive to succeed, an Answering Service Business is a viable way (with a low startup cost) to earn a living from home each and every month. 
 I recommend checking out the  30 Days Or Less To Virtual Assistant Success  to learn how to build a profitable VA business that includes a Virtual Reception service. 
 Happily, 
 Ashlee 
 P.S. Don't forget to sign up for my free resource library below. It's packed with free guides for out-of-the-cubicle thinkers, like you! 
 _P.S.S. This post contains affiliate links. Learn more about my use of them by checking out my disclosure statement . _ 
 Give Me Access! 
 Ready to finally stop thinking of working from home and actually make progress in your remote job search? Sign up below to gain access to the remote workers' resource library so you can say goodbye to your 9 to 5 and #HelloHomeOffice. 
 Thanks for subscribing. Please check your email to confirm your subscription. You'll also receive all the details to gain access to the remote workers' library. 
 There was an error submitting your subscription. Please try again. 
 First Name 
 Email Address 
 We use this field to detect spam bots. If you fill this in, you will be marked as a spammer. 
 Subscribe  No spam. Ever. That's my promise to you. 
 __Tweet 
 __Pin 887 
  __Share 216 
  __Share 4 
 1K Shares 
 Filed Under:  Career Paths  Tagged With:  execusist review ,  Upwork ,  vicky virtual review ,  virtual answering service jobs ,  virtual assistant ,  virtual receptionist job from home ,  virtual receptionist jobs ,  virtual receptionist services 
 About Ashlee Anderson 
 Ashlee Anderson is a Certified Professional Career Coach (CPCC) specializing in remote work. She's on a mission to help job seekers ditch their daily commute in favor of telecommuting. 
 Reader Interactions 
 Comments 
 
 Helen Flora says 
 
 April 6, 2016 at 10:08 pm 
 Ok I can do all of the above on the job requirements, except the 50 wpm in typing. I am quick, but also hate mistakes, force of habit from doing a lot of data entry. So I am assuming that will disqualify me for the Vicky Virtual Reception Position? 
 
 Alicia says 
 
 March 20, 2017 at 9:30 am 
 Good Morning, 
I was actually looking for a position in basic telephone answering, taking messages etc. I did this many years ago in England (for a couple of very busy lawyers) as well as using my voice as a cell phone recording for clients who liked my English accent. If you have any positions such as this available please contact me, I would very much appreciate it. 
Thank you in advance. 
 
 Tracy says 
 
 June 29, 2017 at 10:42 am 
 Hello, 
I am interested in applying for a position as a stay-at-home virtual receptionist. I am interested in afternoon or evening hours. Is this an option with this company? 
I believe that I met the criteria listed on the application, however, I am not available to work daytime hours. 
 
 Allison says 
 
 July 7, 2017 at 9:14 pm 
 Tracy and Helen try Travel Outlook, they're hiring (reservation specialist). 
 
 Carolyn Tate-Robertson says 
 
 October 9, 2017 at 10:21 am 
 I am looking for work at home receptionist position with a genuine company. I am capable in typing 60 wpm with a good deal of computer skills. 
 
 Ekemena idhe says 
 
 February 8, 2018 at 3:33 am 
 Hi my name is Ekemena Angelique idhe and I know how to type 50-70 words per minute and I know how to use Microsoft office word, excel, PowerPoint outlook I got my certificate in Microsoft office specialist 
 
 Melissa Smith says 
 
 September 20, 2018 at 11:19 am 
 Hi ,Does Exec-u-sist accept people with disabilities? I am not on disability because I chose to work. However, I do have mild cerebral palsy which affects my typing abilities. I have many years of receptionist experience. 
 Trackbacks 
 
 10 Work From Home Jobs Hiring Now - Casual Frugality  says: 
 
 May 27, 2019 at 5:27 pm 
 […] Virtual Receptionist Jobs […] 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. 
 Comment 
 Name 
 Email 
 Website 
 Primary Sidebar 
 Hi. I'm Ashlee. 
 Ashlee Anderson is a Certified Professional Career Coach (CPCC) specializing in remote work. She's on a mission to help job seekers ditch their daily commute in favor of telecommuting.  Read More… 
 
 
 
 
 Work with Me 
 
 Browse Around 
 Search this website 
 Footer 
 Search this website 
 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 (C) 2021 *  Work From Home Happiness  *  Privacy Policy 
