WORK WITH INDIES beta 
 Newsletter 
 Browse Jobs 
 Art & Animation 
 Audio 
 Business & Operations 
 Design 
 Marketing & Community 
 Production 
 Programming 
 QA & CS 
 Writing 
 Post a Job 
 Back to all jobs See allProductionjobs 
 Video Producer 
 IGN Apply for this Job 
 Posted 
 January 7, 2021 
 Contract 
 S.F. or L.A. 
 Remote 
 IGN is looking for a talented Video Producer with a love of entertainment and video games. This position is currently fully remote, but in future (and only when it is safe to do so) could be in our San Francisco or Los Angeles (Culver City) office. Experience working on web content for TV or Online Media preferred. 
 This is a Monday-Friday contract position through March 2021. 
 ‍ 
 What will get you in the door?  ‍ 
 
 A reel demonstrating strength in premium and commercial video production 
 Strong eye for shooting, producing, and editing 
 Experience with professional cameras such as Sony FS7/FS5, Blackmagic URSA, etc. 
 Experience lighting for interviews and/or scenes. 
 1-3 years of Post-Production experience. 
 Adobe Premiere is required. 
 Ability to work well with others in a collaborative, team environment 
 A positive, problem-solving attitude 
 Passion for IGN and video games, movies, television, and comics 
 
 ‍ 
 Responsibilities 
 
 Supervise and execute remote/studio/location shoots for a monthly video production 
 Work closely with IGN Editorial and game publisher client to concept, produce, and publish content that will resonate with our audience 
 Identify and oversee additional production resource needs to execute desired production 
 Ability to utilize basic techniques including applying graphics, titling, keying, audio filters, etc. 
 Oversee aspects of editing, encoding, and publishing. 
 
 ‍ 
 Qualifications 
 It would be extra awesome if you have… 
 
 Knowledge of VMIX or other similar technical directing software. 
 Experience executing pre-produced and live remote productions 
 Experience developing and pitching original content in the games and entertainment space 
 Experience producing video content in remote workflow scenarios 
 A passion for video games 
 Strong understanding of emerging web-video technologies. 
 Understanding of Internet trends, SEO principles, etc. 
 Done production at a TV or entertainment-centric company. 
 
 ‍ 
 Here’s the good stuff about us…  ‍ 
 
 Live and breathe movies, TV and comics & games - we see secrets before the rest of the world 
 Lots of opportunity to dream big and make things happen 
 Open and casual work environment 
 
 ‍ 
 Come geek out with us, but be prepared to work as hard as you play. It’s serious business, after all. 
 Pursuant to the San Francisco Fair Chance Ordinance, we will consider for employment qualified applicants with arrest and conviction records. 
 Apply for this Job 
 related jobs 
 Robot Entertainment is hiring a Art Producerto join their team into work fromAnywhereArt ProducerRobot Entertainment | AnywhereLearn More 
 IGN is hiring a Video Producerto join their team into work fromS.F. or L.A. Video ProducerIGN | S.F. or L.A. Learn More 
 Tender Claws is hiring a Junior Producerto join their team into work fromLos Angeles, CAJunior ProducerTender Claws | Los Angeles, CALearn More 
 Fullbright is hiring a Executive Producerto join their team into work fromPortland, ORExecutive ProducerFullbright | Portland, ORLearn More 
 Stoic is hiring a Senior Producerto join their team into work fromAnywhereSenior ProducerStoic | AnywhereLearn More 
 Deck Nine is hiring a Producerto join their team into work fromWestminster, COProducerDeck Nine | Westminster, COLearn More 
 Indie games are wonderful. So are the people that make them. 
 Make wonderful games. Be wonderful people. Work With Indies. 
 Thank you for joining the Work With Indies newsletter! The next issue will arrive on Sunday. 
 Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again. 
 *Sign up to receive a weekly digest of new indie career opportunities. 
 WORK WITH INDIES 
 We’ve been lucky to have some incredible jobs working at and partnering with some of the biggest brands in video games. 
 But we’ve never had more fun and been more fulfilled than when we were working with indie game developers. 
 Everyone in games should have that much fun. 
 Our hope is that Work With Indies will connect job seekers with the most rewarding, most inspirational, and most fun jobs they've ever had. 
 NAVIGATION 
 
 Post a Job 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 RSS 
 Communities 
 Nick's Cat 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 
 nathan@workwithindies.com 
 twitter.com/workwithindies 
 facebook.com/workwithindies 
 
 ^ 
 Made by 
 @natethenate 
 and 
 @nsuttner 
 for people who 
 indie games. 
 © 2021  A Lot of Happy LLC 
