Skip to primary content 
 The Traveling Librarian 
 Anything and everything about how to become involved in libraries beyond your doorstep. 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 Book Resources 
 Int'l & Comp Lib Info 
 Sarah P. Gibson 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous   Next -> 
 Job: Reference and Subject Librarian 
 Posted on  February 25, 2017  by   sarahgprescott 
 2.24.17 –  Reference and Subject Librarian 
Nazarbayev University Library, Astana, Kazakhstan 
 Sarah P’s comments  : As I commented in an earlier  post  NU is a fairly new university and I first saw an advert posted for librarians in 2011. From what I hear the pay is low as compared to what faculty receive but it is an opportunity to gain international work experience helping to develop an academic library. For more information and to see the history of their listed positions please search by 'Nazabayev' on this blog. 
 NU has now been around long enough to garner some reviews which I would definitely read before deciding to apply: 
 Academic Job in Kazakhstan? 
 Glassdoor Reviews 
 Pol Sci Rumors   (some comments are culturally insensitive) 
 FYI: This is a line which I have not previously seen:  Qualified candidates from Southeast Asia, and also from South Korea and Japan are highly encouraged to apply . 
 Nazarbayev University Library (NUL) invites applications for the position of Reference and Subject Librarian. NUL, as one of most progressive and dynamic libraries in Kazakhstan, is looking for energetic, creative, and service-oriented librarian to join our team. 
 The Library is part of Nazarbayev University -- a vibrant, research-driven institution that offers undergraduate and post graduate degree programs in the field of Science and Technology, Engineering, Business, Public Policy, Social Sciences and Humanities, Medicine, and more. Apply now for a chance to have a memorably unique experience living and working in Astana, the exciting young capital of Kazakhstan. 
 Key Responsibilities  : 
 As Reference Librarian 
 
 Conduct reference interview to provide targeted research advice and resources 
 Assist and instruct patrons to locate and use library print materials and e-resources 
 Design training materials, develop and deliver seminars on database use, information literacy, and research 
 Organize events and exhibits to promote reference services 
 Develop and integrate new methods in reference service using Western technology and international library experience 
 Manage the reference desk in accordance with library schedules (note that evening and weekend hours are included) 
 Manage “Ask-a-Librarian” service, coordinating requests received and monitoring frequently asked questions 
 Develop guidelines, rules, and instructions on the basic directions of activity 
 Participate in evaluation of reference services effectiveness 
 
 As Subject Librarian 
 
 Collaborate with faculty members 
 Provide subject expertise for patrons in area of specialization (e.g. Chemistry, Education, Engineering) 
 Participate in collection development of print and electronic materials 
 Conduct research on patron needs and analyze effectiveness of subject-specific reference collection 
 
 Other responsibilities: 
 
 Assist in other library work areas or committees as needed 
 Participate in activities aimed at promoting library resources and user awareness 
 Create and initiate projects in specialized areas of librarianship for further development of the library 
 Provide mentoring for local staff 
 Design and present workshops to share best practices to Kazakhstani librarians 
 
 Minimum Educational Requirements  : Master’s Degree in Library and Information Science from a University in the United States, Canada, Europe, or Southeast Asia. Applicants from a variety of academic backgrounds are welcome; however, applicants with a degree in Education, Business, Sciences, or Social Sciences, will be given preference. 
 Professional experience  : At least two (2) years of relevant experience in academic library and instructional support; and at least two (2) publications in Library and Information Studies. Experience in working, studying, or teaching abroad is an advantage. 
 Required professional knowledge and personal qualities: 
 
 Expertise in using databases, electronic, and print resources 
 Excellent oral and written communication skills 
 Effective instructional skills 
 Strong planning, organization, and analytical skills 
 Teaching or supervisory experience 
 Good interpersonal skills and ability to work with a team or independently 
 
 Language Proficiency  : High level of proficiency in English language is required. Knowledge of Kazakh, Russian, or other major languages is an advantage. 
 Computer skills  : 
 
 Advanced computer user in Windows, MS Office, and the internet 
 Experience using integrated library systems and library catalogs 
 Knowledge of electronic databases and advanced search techniques 
 
 Application Deadline  : Open until filled 
 Please send your resume written in English with cover letter providing contact information and three references to NU Library Coordinator, Reysa Alenzuela at reysa. alenzuela@nu.edu.kz . 
 Qualified candidates from Southeast Asia, and also from South Korea and Japan are highly encouraged to apply. The NUL is committed to recruiting a diverse workforce. Only candidates who are shortlisted for interview will be contacted.  Please share with interested and qualified colleagues and appropriate lists. 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Twitter 
 Pinterest 
 Tumblr 
 Reddit 
 Email 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  International Jobs  and tagged  Asia ,  International academic librarians ,  International academic libraries ,  International Librarianship ,  International Libraries ,  Kazakhstan  by  sarahgprescott . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 1 thought on "Job: Reference and Subject Librarian" 
 
 Anna on  November 16, 2019 at 12:39 am  said: 
 
 They've had high turnover among American and Canadian librarians, because the salaries aren't that attractive ($2000-3000/month) for folks from high-earning academic librarian countries. I believe part of the pivot to attracting SE Asian librarians in 2017-2018 was the belief that you could get a similar caliber of librarian, with excellent English and an international worldview, for a lower cost-and that they might be more stable once they arrive. 
 Like Like 
 Reply ↓ 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
