
 Home 
 Management Tips 
 
 Employee Recognition Event 
 Dealing with Employees Effectively 
 Thou Shalt Not… 
 Tips to Rejuvenate Tired Teams 
 Ways to Recognize Employees 
 Employee Burnout 
 
 
 Workplace Q & A 
 
 Employees Who Dislike Each Other 
 My Child at the Workplace 
 Dealing with Gossip in the Workplace 
 Co-Worker Does Not Carry His Load 
 Backbiting in the Workplace 
 Recommended Books 
 
 
 Motivation 
 
 Prime Your Pump 
 Baking Home Made Bread 
 Letting Go 
 Ten Commandments of How to Get Along with People 
 Yesterday, Today, and Tomorrow 
 Habits 
 
 
 Articles 
 
 Humor and Fun in the Workplace 
 Burnout – Is it a Burning Issue in Your Company? 
 Conflict in the Workplace 
 Employees Are Not Disposable Commodities 
 Has Turf Guarding Become an Olympic Sport? 
 Is Your Management Style Up To Date? 
 How Do You Tell the CEO that His/Her Baby is Ugly? 
 Employee Satisfaction: The Success Factor 
 Violence in the Dialysis Unit, Revisited 
 
 
 Motivating Moments 
 Motivator eBook 
 About Us 
 
 Workplace Issues 
 Fostering Great Cooperation in the Workplace 
 How Would You Perform Your Job If No One Ever Knew? 
 February 6, 2017 by  Mary Motivator Rau-Foster 
 What happens when others do less than is expected? What is our reaction? 
 What is our reaction? 
 Our expectations for the performance of others may be very high. In many cases, we would not settle for less than the best. 
 We expect airplane mechanics to do their jobs because passenger's lives depend on it. We expect a nurse or doctor to do their best because our health and well-being depends upon it. We expect a sports player to do his or her best because we have paid to be entertained. Yet, we may feel as though doing less than the best in our jobs will not matter. But it does. 
 Why do we do less than our best at work? 
 When there may seem to be a lack of resources, time, money and people, we may look for ways to cut corners to make ends meet. This can result in a reduction in the quality of our product or service. We may relieve our burden of guilt by thinking that no one will ever know that we did less than the best job. 
 How do you know if you have truly done your best under the circumstances? 
 Think of your work as a canvas upon which you create a painting. Would you be willing to sign your name to that canvas and display it for all to see? Would you do so with pride or with guilt? 
 The tools that we use to do our jobs are those of values, ethics, and principles. These tools are with us in every aspect of our lives; however, some people use their tools only when it's convenient and when using them does not require some extra effort on their part. 
 It is when there is a spotlight on our work that the tools of our personal values, ethics, and principles are highlighted and seen by others. 
 How would you feel about being in the spotlight? Would you want your co-workers and children to duplicate your attitude, principles and work ethics? 
 Why should we do a good job when no one seems to notice or when others around us do not even try to do a good job? It takes self-discipline to curtail any desire to slack off on the job. Just because others are doing less than their best does not mean that you should follow suit. Here are some tips that may help: 
 
 Do the job in a manner that you personally would be satisfied with the end result. 
 Don't allow the low values and poor work ethics of others to become yours. 
 Pat yourself on the back for a job well done, even if no one else seems to acknowledge your good job. 
 Ask for feedback from your supervisor about your performance. 
 Do a good job only because it is your "right" thing to do, knowing that you will never be embarrassed or worried about how you performed your job. 
 Mentally sign your name to each project completed or task performed. 
 Ask yourself if you would want your spouse, significant other, children, parents or friends to see what kind of job you did. 
 
 At the end of the day, when our duties for the day are over with, there is one person who knows what kind of job that we did… the person staring back at us in the mirror. 
 Affirmation for the Week: 
 "I am proud of the work that I do, and I confidently sign my name to each project." 
 Have a wonderful week! 
 Mary "Motivator" Rau-Foster 
 Filed Under:  Motivation  Tagged With:  job ,  workplace 
 Subscribe Now 
 Motivating Moments eBook 
 Learn about Mary's Motivating Moment free eBook 
 Categories 
 
 Change  (25) 
 Conflict Resolution  (7) 
 Discipline  (30) 
 Gossip  (1) 
 Motivation  (52) 
 Motivator  (2) 
 Problem solving  (10) 
 Relationships  (10) 
 Workplace  (3) 
 
 (C) 2021 *  workplaceissues.com home  * Love is always the best answer. 
