Workable 
 
 
 Workable is effective recruiting software for teams 
 
 
 learn more 
 
 
 home 
 
 
 subscribe 
 
 
 free 15 day trial 
 
 
 home 
 Boost your job advertisement exposure through Workable 
 Fiona McSweeney  |  Workable features  | June 7, 2017April 19, 2019 
 
 We've made posting job advertisements even easier and more effective using Workable. Find out what we've done and why… 
 Stats over speculation 
 2017 began with some serious data crunching here at Workable. We published our first  Benchmark Hiring Report  using information from 600 of our London-based users. When it came to candidate sourcing, the stats told a powerful story. 26% of all hires came from advertising on job boards. 13% from companies’ own careers pages. Only 1% from social media sites. Hardly the dramatic shift over to social media many have been predicting. The majority of our London users are tech companies who don’t traditionally source from job boards. So even in a competitive market, they still carry significant weight. 
 Convinced by our data that job boards are still very much in the running, we’ve recently made some enhancements to our job editor. It’s now even easier and quicker to produce top quality job advertisements, get maximum exposure, and attract the best candidates by posting jobs using Workable. 
 What’s new with Workable job postings? 
 With our latest updates you can produce detailed, optimized job advertisements quickly and intuitively. 
 
 
 Auto-suggestions for job titles 
As soon as you start typing in the job title field, our editor will offer you a list of job titles to choose from. Select one, or type in your own to override. 
 Why?  Using standard or common job titles means applicants are more likely to find your role when they search using job boards. It also means your job posting is more likely to be approved by those boards. 
 
 
 Auto-suggestions for locations 
Using information from your company profile, we’ll automatically populate the job location field. You can override this by typing in your own location. 
 Why?  Having an accurate location helps effectively target your job on job boards and attract applications from the most appropriate candidates. 
 
 
 Import from over 400 editable sample job descriptions 
You can now search through Workable’s library of  700+ job description templates  directly from the job editor. Workable will pre-select job descriptions based on the information you’ve provided, but again, you can override this if you need to. Once you’ve got your template, choose the information you want to include from each of the three different sections (description, responsibilities and requirements) and import it into the job editor. All of our descriptions are search engine optimized and cover a range of roles, industries and sectors. With the basics in place, you can now add value where it matters. Personalize your description by adding in those finer details that define your brand, culture and personality. 
 Why?  You’re more likely to attract the right candidates using a high quality, detailed job description that has the right keywords. Our templates help you meet the  criteria for all job boards , kickstart the process by offering ideas and content, and save you time having to draft from scratch. 
 
 
 Hints and tips 
We’ve added some quick tips within the job editor to help you draft a high quality job description that will meet  job board approval . These suggestions range from how best to format your description to the kind of language to use. You’ll find our hints and tips on the right-hand side of the page as your draft your description. 
 Why?  Job boards have certain criteria that needs to be met before they’ll post your job. We know the kind of details that make a difference. So, we’ve shared this knowledge inside the job editor to act as a prompt. Applying these guidelines will help to ensure your job advertisements are accepted quickly and seamlessly by all of the relevant boards, and performs well once published. 
 
 
 **Import benefits 
**You can also import company benefits into your job description by using previous jobs you’ve posted. Choose to import everything or cherry-pick a selection from your list. 
 Why?  It saves time and supports consistency across all of your job ads. 
 
 
 What’s next? The four Cs of advertising a job 
 So, you’ve got a top quality job advertisement, you’ve produced it in record time, and it meets all the guidelines for job board syndication. What’s next? 
 Customization 
 Posting across multiple job boards means you’ll get more candidates to choose from. But also more applications to process. Screen them faster by opting to use Workable’s customizable  employment application form . 
 Decide on your dealbreakers (eligibility to work perhaps, or qualification) and set these as knockout questions. That way the job application form does some of the screening for you; candidates who don’t meet the criteria will be automatically disqualified. You can also  ask questions in different formats  and for examples of work to help narrow down your selection. Importing your job requirements into a form is a quick and easy way to ensure you’ve got the key areas covered. Once you’ve designed a form that works for you, save it and re-use it on other jobs when you need to. 
 Coverage 
 Workable’s job board syndication network is one of the largest, integrating with 100+ job boards. Workable reaches millions of job seekers in North America, Europe, Asia and Latin America through a huge range of free and premium, international and local job boards. 
 Free job board posting 
Using Workable you can  post to 15+ free job boards  in one submission. We’ll automatically schedule your job advertisements to appear on all the free job posting sites for employers in your area. If you already know that some job boards perform better for your company than others, click the ‘Free job boards’ tab to select just the boards you need. 
 Paid job boards 
To boost visibility and attract more targeted candidates, use Workable to integrate with specialist and paid job boards. Our job editor syndicates with a broad range of niche sites like  StackOverflow ,  Dice  and Dribbble and integrates with any existing recruiter accounts you may have. Pay for your job advertisements using job slots from these accounts or buy ads directly from Workable (Workable has special rates for some job boards). If you’re a company with multiple hiring teams you can use  Workable Job Credits  to centralize payments. If you’re based in the USA, then  Pay Per Applicant  is another cost effective way to advertise a job. 
 International and local job boards 
Part of our paid job board package, Workable partners with The Network, an affiliation of the world’s leading job boards. Covering 130+ countries, The Network brings together the best local recruitment services into a powerful global solution. 
 Communication 
 We’ll let you know quickly (within 12-24 hours) if any of your job descriptions need changing to get accepted by a job board. You’ll get an email explaining the problem, and the changes that you can make to fix it. We’ll also highlight the issue at the source; on the job editor, in your Workable account. 
 Centralization 
 You can  post to all relevant job boards  directly from Workable with just one submission. All the applications you receive, across all boards and all sources, are accessible from one central place and presented in one consistent format. 
 From your  Workable dashboard , monitor how and where your jobs are being advertised. See in real-time how many candidates have viewed and applied from each job board, and dig deeper into the data with  candidate source reports . 
 Time to evaluate 
 Workable provides a range of  recruiting data  (from sources, views and hires, to total applications and progressed candidates) for all of your job boards, so you can make informed changes to your future job advertising strategy. 
 Use our  candidate source reports  to track the success of each job board or social network, and see which platforms are attracting the highest quality candidates. 
 The bigger picture 
 So job boards do matter. Admittedly, they’re no longer the only hiring tool on the block. Standalone, candidate sourcing tools like  People Search   are being increasingly used to find talent where intent is low or for specialist or senior roles. 
 Social media is still a powerful presence when it comes to extending reach and boosting  social referrals . You can post directly to Facebook, Google+, Twitter and LinkedIn without leaving the Workable platform.  Adding a Jobs Tab to your Facebook page  using Workable’s one-step integration is also a great way of talking to passive candidates. There’s no coding required, and it automatically updates every time you add or update a job in Workable. But when it comes to attracting inbound candidates where intent is high, job boards are popular, powerful and full of potential. They’re also a breeze to master if you’re using an applicant tracking system like Workable. 
 Share 
 
 Looking for an all-in-one recruiting solution? Workable can improve candidate sourcing, interviewing and applicant tracking for a streamlined hiring process. Sign up for our 15-day free trial today. 
 Get a free trial 
 Fiona McSweeney 
 Fiona McSweeney is a product marketing writer at Workable. She shares the latest news on product features, new releases and a little of what life is like behind the scenes at Workable. 
 Get jargon-free hiring advice 
 Latest in this category 
 
 Grow stronger engineering teams with HackerRank and Workable 
 To find and hire in-demand developers with the right skill set for your team, evaluation n... 
 Read more 
 
 Introducing Workable 2.0 – and the future of hiring 
 The next time you log in to Workable, if you haven’t already, you'll notice the enti... 
 Read more 
 
 Five big reasons to put employee referrals back on the radar 
 The benefits of employee referral programs are well-known. They’re one of the best ways of... 
 Read more 
 Recruiting software for ambitious companies 
 From candidate sourcing to applicant tracking and structured interviews, 
Workable is trusted by over 6000 companies to streamline their recruiting. 
 learn more 
 Get jargon-free hiring advice 
 from our recruitment experts 
