Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Financial Planner, Investment and Retirement Planning 
 RBC 
 __Burnaby, BC 
 Apply Now 
 What is the opportunity? 
 As an RBC Investment and Retirement Planner, you develop relationships with and create custom investment solutions for prospective and existing RBC clients. Alongside your own prospecting and networking activity, you are fully supported by internal partners who send client referrals your way. Your creativity, motivation, and hunger to drive new investment sales is what pushes you to provide world-class advice and solutions that help clients achieve their long-term goals. With unlimited earning potential, you can truly create the future you want for yourself and for the clients you advise. 
 You must be mobile to the Burnaby/New Westminster market. 
 What will you do? 
 Provide tailor-made financial planning advice and solutions using our unparalleled array of investment and portfolio solutions, including best-in-class proprietary and select third-party mutual fund solutions 
Acquire and consolidate existing and new-to-RBC clients and assets 
Connect clients with the right RBC team members to help continuously meet their needs 
Develop external business referral sources through networking, marketing, and your centres of influence 
 What do you need to succeed? 
 Must-have 
 Financial Planning Designation (PFP or CFP) 
Mutual Funds License (IFIC or CSC) 
Minimum 2 years’ experience in financial planning 
Proven networking and client acquisition skills 
Ability to cultivate strong partner relationships 
 Is this career right for you? Check out our video and decide for yourself! 
 What’s in it for you? 
 We thrive on the challenge to be our best, progressive thinking to keep growing, and working together to deliver trusted advice to help our clients thrive and communities prosper. We care about each other, reaching our potential, making a difference to our communities, and achieving success that is mutual. 
 Full-time RBC employee status with unlimited earning potential and full benefits 
Work with a dynamic, collaborative, progressive, and high-performing team 
A world-class training program in financial services 
Flexible work/life balance options 
 
 LI-LL1 
 
 Join our Talent Community 
Stay in-the-know about great career opportunities at RBC. Sign up and get customized info on our latest jobs, career tips and Recruitment events that matter to you. 
 Expand your limits and create a new future together at RBC. Find out how we use our passion and drive to enhance the well-being of our clients and communities at rbc.com/careers. 
 JOB SUMMARY 
 City:  Burnaby 
 Address:  To be determined 
 Work Hours/Week:  37.5 
 Work Environment:  Branch and Home Office 
 Employment Type:  Permanent 
 Career Level:  Experienced Hire/Professional 
 Pay Type:  Commission + Variable Bonus 
 Required Travel (%):  26-50 
 Exempt/Non-Exempt:  N/A 
 People Manager:  No 
 Application Deadline:  10/29/2020 
 Platform:  Personal & Commercial Banking 
 Req ID:  192072 
 Ad Code(s): 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
