Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Personal Support Worker(PSW) - Tavistock 
 Qualicare Waterloo 
 __Tavistock, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Qualicare Homecare (please note this job is to service Tavistock area) is looking for compassionate, caring and reliable individuals to join our family as Caregivers and Personal Support Workers (PSW's). Qualicare offers services that focus on providing the best quality of life for our clients and peace of mind for their families. Days, evenings, and weekend flexibility is required for shifts. A valid Personal Support Worker diploma/certificate from an accredited College is strongly recommended. 
 As a Qualicare employee, you will make a difference in the lives of our clients and their families through compassionate, client focused care. As an employer, Qualicare recognizes your value as a caregiver by offering: 
 
 Competitive wages 
 Flexible hours 
 Referral bonuses 
 Continuing education and training programs 
 
 Caregiver/Personal Support Worker (PSW) Role: 
• 
 Flexibility in attending home care shifts 
 
 Assistance with personal care, hygiene, and grooming 
 Basic meal preparation 
 Light housekeeping (vacuuming, laundry, dishes etc.) 
 Accompany clients on outings; appointments, shopping, and errands as needed 
 Medication reminders 
 Assisting clients with mobility, ambulation, and transfers 
 Companionship 
 Embodies the Qualicare Core Values: 
 Beyond The Usual 
 Find The Joy 
 Client Focused 
 Be the Difference 
 Transparent, Honest and Respectful 
 Better Together 
 Delivering Quality With Every Action 
 Listen Learn and Grow 
 
 Personal Support Worker (PSW) Requirements: 
 
 Personal Support Worker certificate or applicable (I.e. Health Care Aide, DSW, Foreign Trained Nurses, caregiver with life experience) 
 Valid work or study permit (if applicable) 
 Current CPR/First aid certification 
 Recent vulnerable sector screening 
 Up-to-date immunization record (TB Test, MMR, TDAP, Varicella, Hep B) 
 Gentle Persuasive Approach (GPA) is considered an asset 
 Non-Violence Crisis Intervention (NVCI) is considered an asset 
 Reliable transportation (access to a vehicle) required 
 Applicants must have the ability to travel within a defined territory, caregivers must be able to visit multiple clients in one day 
 Excellent communication and documentation skills 
 Ability to follow client care plan 
 Strong problem solving skills 
 
 Please note that this posting is for a care provider to service the Tavistock area. Only qualified candidates will be contacted for an interview. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
