Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Supply Chain Planner (Job Req. #2020-182) 
 Ross Video 
 __Iroquois, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Iroquois Facility, Iroquois, Ontario, Canada Req #498 
Wednesday, September 16, 2020 
 WHY WORK AT ROSS VIDEO? 
 We have a great group of people working together to create and deliver cutting edge products that look amazing and are easy to use. We go all out so that our customers can have the best possible experience and achieve quality results. With a product focus, continual learning, results driven processes, and creative thinking, we constantly strive to improve our solutions and to deliver results. 
 If you've ever watched live television, news, sports, or entertainment, you've seen our products in use. All of the major Hollywood award shows, most professional sports teams, and many of the largest broadcasters in the world use Ross Video technology. Get behind the scenes and learn about what it takes to make live events possible. 
 If that resonates, and you’re someone with integrity, commitment, and a strong drive to deliver great products, we’d love to hear from you. 
 Supply Chain Planner 
 Thinking about what’s next for your career? At Ross Video we are committed to your professional growth and to providing opportunities to develop your career. Our internal talent mobility program is intended to facilitate effective hiring from within, as appropriate, to fill open opportunities in the company. 
 As a Supply Chain Planner, you are responsible for Managing the production schedule, maintaining inventory costs, meeting customer deliveries, new product introductions planning. Work with internal customers; Marketing to review forecasts and identify changes in trends, adjust the production schedule as needed, work with R&D on product structure and with production to ensure capacity. Working with Order Management and Purchasing on fulfillment questions and understand the incoming demands for future builds. 
 What will you do…. Diligence in maintaining efficiencies in inventory carrying costs. Understanding engineering changes and impact, optimization and waste reduction. Participate in decision making processes in product life cycles; product exits and new product introduction, planning and production flow. Support other planning team members 
 Do you have…. College Diploma or extensive experience in Materials Management, have, or are working towards CPIM designation? Exceptional computer skills: MS Excel, Access, MRP/ERP systems. Are you a take charge, results orientated, innovative thinker who possesses sound analytical and organizational skills, who has a desire to contribute to a team environment, or work autonomously? 
 What’s in it for you…Working with Ross Video an innovative cutting-edge performance energized team in a clean, friendly fast paced environment, excellent compensation package and benefits as well as many other fantastic perks! We have a great group of people working together to create and deliver cutting edge products. We go all out so that our customers can have the best possible experience and achieve quality results. With a product focus, continual learning, results inspired processes, and creative thinking, we constantly strive to improve our solutions and to deliver results. 
 IN A NUTSHELL 
 Do you have integrity, commitment, and a drive to get results? Then Ross is the place for you, and we'd like to hear from you. 
 Other details 
Pay Type Salary Travel Required No 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
