Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Credit Manager 
 VPC Group Inc. 
 __North York, ON 
 Apply Now 
 VPC Group Inc . is a Canadian manufacturer specializing in converting chemicals and fibre into quality foam and non-woven products for the home furnishing markets. A privately owned company, VPC Group is committed to creating a positive work experience for employees by providing them with a safe work environment and opportunities for growth. VPC Group has become a supplier of choice by committing to operational excellence, investing in technology, and being close to our customers to deliver exceptional service. 
 VPC Group Corporate  is in need for a  Credit Manager  at our location in North York, ON. This role manages the entire credit life cycle of a client, making decisions from the on-boarding process through to monitoring accounts on an ongoing basis. Essential functions includes providing independent credit analysis and making credit decisions within assigned authority for new and existing client risk relationships while ensuring compliance with internal guidelines and policies. 
 Responsibilities 
 
 Lead in delivering and performing historical trend and ratio analysis, assesses cash flow, industry risks and any other risk factors to provide risk assessments and recommended actions. 
 Interact with client's CFOs/Controllers, V.P's of Finance and Presidents to review financials health including onsite client visits when required. Interact with Senior Sales Leaders, District Managers and Sales Representatives to gather information relative to a customer being analyzed including communication of credit decisions. 
 Management of entire credit life cycle of clients. 
 Work with third party credit risk providers to mitigate default risk 
 Establish Funding terms and Risk Tiers for all new and existing clients. 
 Develop a credit pre-screening matrix for new client sales orders to identify any credit concerns prior to implementation. 
 Identify areas for process improvements along with developing, maintaining and implementing process solutions for the Credit Risk team. 
 Assist in the company’s asset based lending requirements 
 
 Requirements 
 
 5 + years working experience in a Credit Risk environment. 
 Solid understanding of Credit & Risk Assessment. 
 Superior knowledge and experience in analyzing financial statements. 
 Experience in developing scorecards & dashboards. 
 Strong critical thinking, problem solving and analytical skills, be able to identify key issues and recommend clearly defined solutions and / or response. 
 Strong communication skills. 
 Bilingual French/English an asset. 
 Strong knowledge and use of Microsoft Excel, Access, Word and Power Point. 
 
 Education 
 
 Certified Credit Professional Designation 
 Business/Finance or Accounting Degree and/or Accounting designation 
 
 The company is committed to employment equity. 
 The company thanks all those who apply but only those whose background closely matches the requirements of the position will be contacted for an interview. 
 Please note that any offer of employment will be conditional upon a background check, including a criminal record check 
 Job Type: Full-time 
 Salary: $65,000.00 to $70,000.00 /year 
 Experience: 
 
 Credit & Risk Assessment: 5 years (Preferred) 
 Manufacturing: 2 years (Preferred) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 Certified Credit Professional (Preferred) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
