
 About 
 Disclaimer 
 
 WorkingPinoy.com 
 Menu 
 
 SSS 
 Pag-ibig 
 Philhealth 
 Banks 
 Schools 
 
 OFW Jobs and Children: A Suicide Stirs a Neighborhood 
 __ Nora  __ January 24, 2010 __ Let's Be Kind to Each Other ,  OFW  __ No Comments 
 OFW jobs  feed families, send children to school, build houses, help relatives, improve lives; but sometimes, they kill children emotionally and literally. 
 This morning, our neighborhood was stirred up by the sudden piercing cries and screams of a 10-year-old girl inside a long vacant unit beside her family's house. "Kuya! kuya! kuya!…" 
 Neighbors ran to see what happened, and they were shocked to see her 13-year-old brother hanging from a rope tied to one of the exposed beams. 
 It appeared that the boy has been dead for hours. He must have died during the night. 
 The immediate conclusion was that he killed himself. According to most of the stories that soon circulated, the boy has just gone home after running away for a few days, and must have been punished severely. 
 Several in the neighborhood say that the boy was always being scolded and was always ordered to do chores, barring him from playing. 
 What must have worsened the situation was that the boy was naturally quiet. He may have not spoken about what he's going through with his friends. 
 The mother of the boy is working abroad, earning for this boy and his two younger sisters. She left the children with her parents because her husband was apparently irresponsible. 
 I came to know later that these three kids at one time were taken by the DSW from the husband because he neglected them when they were living with him in the province. 
 OFw parents are heroes. They sacrifice. They bear hours and hours of lonely work in foreign lands… for their children. 
 But they should ensure that their children are in good hands. They should instruct their children how they can be contacted directly and easily in case there are problems. 
 Texting, calling and emailing are now affordable. Even financially struggling neighbors are willing to lend their cell phone loads, especially if children are involved. They should talk to their children directly and not always through certain people. 
 Who am I to judge the people who took charge of the boy? They are good people too. The boy is their own flesh and blood. 
 But why did the boy kill himself? 
 ** 
** 
 ** 
** 
 Tweet  [Pin It](http://pinterest.com/pin/create/button/?url=https://www.workingpinoy.com/2010/01/ofw-jobs-and-children-a-suicide-stirs-a-neighborhood/&media=&description=OFW Jobs and Children: A Suicide Stirs a Neighborhood) 
 Related Posts 
 Death -- Prepare for Yourself and Those You'll Leave Behind 
 From Lilian de Vera (victim of the Paranaque shooting incident) 
 OFWs, Parents, Take Advantage of Free Internet Banking to Manage Your Children's Weekly Allowance 
 
 Leave a Reply 
 Cancel reply 
 Search This Site 
 Search 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Hong Kong Police Clearance Application: What to Do if You Can't Get HK$ Demand Draft 
 Can Filipino Immigrants Register to be Philippine SSS Members? 
 105-Day Expanded Maternity Leave Law Effective March 11, 2019! 
 Your Unfaithful Spouse Can Claim Your Pag-ibig Death Benefits 
 Why SSS Disability Benefit for Hysterectomy Is Up to Age 45 only 
 SSS Loan Condonation Extended Until April 1, 2019 
 20 Things That Might Surprise You About Buying a Condo 
 Immediate Eligibility for Philhealth, 350 Pesos Minimum Monthly Contribution 
 ACOP No Longer Required from SSS Retiree Pensioners Living in the Philippines 
 Use PayPilipinas to Pay SSS Pag-ibig Online while Abroad 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 jerson palada on  You Can Avail of Philhealth if You've Paid 9 Months Within Past 12 Months 
 Divina junio on  You Can Avail of Philhealth if You've Paid 9 Months Within Past 12 Months 
 eden on  Why SSS Disability Benefit for Hysterectomy Is Up to Age 45 only 
 Jennifer on  Immediate Eligibility for Philhealth, 350 Pesos Minimum Monthly Contribution 
 Judy on  Home Sonic Appliances Using PLDT in Their Deceitful Marketing Scheme 
 Amado Yoro on  U.S. Citizen Who Will be Philippine SSS Pensioner 
 PL  on  20 Things That Might Surprise You About Buying a Condo 
 Rovelyn Alicaway on  SSS 
 jen on  Immediate Eligibility for Philhealth, 350 Pesos Minimum Monthly Contribution 
 jun p. on  Philippine Prudential Life Insurance Co. (PPLIC) 
 
 Info for LEGACY CONSOLIDATED planholders 
 Info for DANVIL PLANS planholders 
 WorkingPinoy.com  Copyright (C) 2021. 
 Privacy Policy 
