
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Look At This! it's a Full-time job 
 Cava is looking for a cross between Tibor Kalman and Puno for their Art Director position in New York, NY, USA. Must love food and be able to Make emotional connections through compelling visual content. 
 About 
 The Role: 
The Art Director will play a key role in shaping the brand creative at CAVA. They will work to execute innovative campaigns and evergreen work, bringing our products, people, mission, and brand initiatives to life across owned, earned, and paid channels. They will be responsible for translating business and marketing strategies into customer-facing concepts and executions, with a focus on visuals and storytelling. 
 We seek an individual who has a true passion for what drives consumer behavior and a desire to translate that into compelling visual and emotional narratives. A collaborator and thought-partner with intellectual curiosity and a continuous desire to push the envelope. Our ideal candidate is a master of cool, evocative, and innovative design, photography, and typography and has a keen perspective on how to bring visual ideas to life, flawlessly. 
 This position may be NY or DC-based 
 What You’ll Do: 
Play an integral role in the development of compelling marketing communications, ad campaigns, in-store signage, and design experiences that support a range of initiatives. Create compelling visuals and stories across various platforms and mediums including, but not limited to: email, social media, site, stores, and press. 
Execute brand visuals, ensuring visual brand messaging is consistent, engaging, and aligned with CAVA values across all touch-points. Collaborate with cross-functional teams to clarify business needs and key deliverables. Help manage relationships with internal & external creative partners: agencies, freelancers, and contributors. 
 The Qualifications: 
6+ years of experience working in the creative field, in-house or agency. 
A digital-first mindset and strong understanding of the modern consumer landscape, especially social media, mobile, and content marketing. 
Articulate and well-developed point of view about food, lifestyle, and culture. 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7578-cava-art-director  
 On-site required? 
 No 
 Experience 
 6-9 years 
 Skills 
 Adobe Illustrator, Adobe InDesign, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Premiere Pro 
 Date Posted 
 October 21, 2020 
 Managed By 
 Shelly Wilt 
 Perks 
 
 Dog friendly 
 Food 
 Generous Vacation 
 Great benefits 
 Stock options 
 Work from home 
 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
