Skip To Main Content 
 Find a Job       •  Post a Job  
 Sign In  
 
 menu 
 
 
  COVID-19   __Open Sub Menu 
 
  Job Seeker Resources  
  Business Resources  
  Community Resources  
 
 
 
  Job Seekers   __Open Sub Menu 
 
  (re)Employ Spokane  
  Assessments  
  Apprenticeships  
  Career Training  
  Job Opportunities  
  Layoff Services  
  Technology & Internet Access  
  Workshops  
 
 
 
  Employers   __Open Sub Menu 
 
  Meet the Team  
  Hiring Benefits  
  Customized Recruitment  
  Labor Market Information  
  Employer Events  
  Layoff Response Services  
  Virtual Offerings  
 
 
 
  Who We Are   __Open Sub Menu 
 
  About Us  
  Meet the Team  
  Affiliated Offices  
 
 
 
  Contact  
 
 
  Career Quest  
 
 
 Sign In  
 
 
 For Job Seekers  
 
 
 For Employers  
 
 
 Home  ›  Job Seekers  › Career Training 
 Career Training 
 Career training, also known as short-term training programs, can help you quickly transition to a new career in an in-demand field. 
 UNEMPLOYMENT BENEFIT UPDATE: 
With unemployment benefits extended through March 2021, this is the perfect time to explore a new industry, enroll in short-term training (with our help), certify your new skills, and apply for work in an in-demand field. 
 Note: Scholarship funds may be available for training programs - connect with our  career coaches  to see if you qualify. 
 On this page: 
 Click on a link to jump to a specific section. 
 
 Short-Term Training Map 
 Labor Market Information 
 
 
 Short-Term Training Map 
 Each training program varies in length and cost. But every short-term career training program will provide you with an industry-recognized credential to enhance your chances to gain employment in a new industry. 
 IDENTIFY YOUR INTERESTS 
 Through a quick and free career quiz, you'll be amazed by the career options available to you based on your interests and personality. 
 
 Washington State's Career Bridge is an employment training provider database that offers a free quiz to help you link your interests to a new career pathway. 
 
 Take the career quiz here! 
 
 
 DISCOVER TRAINING PROGRAMS 
 Explore new career pathways and commit to the duration of the training program, whether it's two weeks or just under a year. 
 Through Washington State's Career Bridge database, the program search can be filtered to display eligible training providers in Spokane County or other programs located in different parts of the state. 
 
 The cost and duration of training varies depending on the skills gained during the program.  Contact WorkSource Spokane's career coaches for assistance . 
 
 View career training programs here! 
 
 
 CERTIFY YOUR NEW SKILLS 
 Before your training program comes to an end, the technical skills learned will be tested and provide you with an industry-recognized credential upon successful completion. 
 
 Most certification exams are built into the cost of the training program and will certify your new skills. 
 
 Career coaches are available to support you along the way and will help you highlight your new credentials in applications, cover letters, and resumes. 
 Contact us for support here! 
 
 
 APPLY FOR IN-DEMAND JOBS 
 With your new certification, kick off your job search with confidence and excitement. Our Job Opportunities page will connect you to local businesses that are currently hiring. 
 
 WorkSource Washington's statewide job posting website is powered by Monster.  Click here to view job postings  and remember to filter your search specific to your new career pathway. 
 
 Visit our Job Opportunities page here! 
 
 ​Back to top > 
 
 Labor Market Information 
 Understanding each industry's specific labor trends can be critical to helping you identify the best career pathway for you. 
 Our partners at the Spokane Workforce Council make this data publicly available and can help you determine your next career pathway based on available jobs, industry growth in Spokane County, and the wages needed to support yourself and your family. 
 View labor market information here! 
 Spokane County 's Targeted Industries 
 The Spokane Workforce Council carefully analyzes changes and trends within the regional labor market and economy to determine its targeted industries. Trends like livable wages at middle skills, strength of the industry in our local economy, and career opportunities available in the industry help determine which industries are targeted. 
 Here are Spokane County's Top 5 Industries: 
 Finance and Insurance 
 
 View industry here 
 
 Healthcare 
 
View industry here 
 
 Manufacturing 
 
View industry here 
 
 Professional, Scientific, and Technical Services 
 
View industry here 
 
 Transportation and Warehousing 
 
View industry here 
 
 Need assistance understanding Spokane County's labor market information? 
 Contact our career coaches by phone at 509.532.3120 or email us at  WSSpokane@esd.wa.gov . 
 Back to top > 
 
  (re)Employ Spokane  
  Assessments  
  Apprenticeships  
  Career Training  
  Job Opportunities  
  Layoff Services  
  Technology & Internet Access  
  Workshops  
 
 Building a better Spokane, one job at a time! 
 Career Quest Tool 
 About 
 Hiring Events 
 Accessibility 
 WorkSource WA __ 
 Next Generation Zone __ 
 Spokane Workforce Council __ 
 130 S. Arthur Street 
Spokane, WA 99202 
 P:  509.532.3120 
F:  844.704.6784 
 WSSpokane@esd.wa.gov 
  Facebook     Youtube     LinkedIn  
 Funding and oversight provided by 
 
 (C)2021 WorkSource Spokane |  Privacy Policy 
WorkSource Spokane is an equal opportunity employer/program. Auxiliary aids and services are available upon request to individuals with disabilities. Washington Relay 711. 
 __ 
 __Increase Font Size __Decrease Font Size __Grayscale __High Contrast __Light Background __Underline Links __Readable Font __Reset 
