Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Assembler 
 Lowe's 
 __Burlington, ON 
 Apply Now 
 The primary function of the Assembler is to assemble merchandise by prioritizing merchandise for assembly and checking merchandise awaiting parts and/or needing repairs. The Assembler is responsible for performing product pre-delivery inspections and ordering product parts required for assembly. The Assembler is also responsible for providing excellent customer service by greeting customers and assisting customers in locating, selecting, demonstrating, and loading of merchandise in a friendly and professional manner. The Assembler is required to maintain a safe and secure work environment by conducting daily safety reviews, noting hazards, keeping store areas clean and organized, and monitoring for potential theft or security risks. Lastly, the Assembler is responsible for completing all other duties as assigned.Requires morning, afternoon, and evening availability any day of the week. Required to work a schedule as determined by sales, customer, and business needs, but may be changed by store management based on the needs of the store. 
Requests to be scheduled off for a specific day require advanced notification and approval by supervisor. 
 Hourly Full Time, Part Time or Seasonal:  Generally scheduled 40, 24 to 30, or 0 to 40 hours per week respectively; more hours may be required based on the needs of the store. This position reports to an Assistant Store Manager and takes daily direction from a Department Manager. This position does not have direct reports. 
 Job Requirements 
 Minimum Qualifications 
Ability to read, write, and perform basic arithmetic (addition, subtraction). 
Preferred Qualifications 
3 months experience assembling common household goods (e.g., barbecue grills, wheelbarrow, patio furniture) OR 3 months mechanical/trade/construction experience (e.g., laborer, oil change shop). 
3 months experience operating forklift/power equipment such as lifts, order pickers, and similar equipment. 
Lifts 26-40 pounds without assistance many times a day and also lifts 41-100 pounds without assistance daily. 
The Assembler may be required to perform job activities, with appropriate intermittent relief where applicable, under difficult work conditions such as in extreme cold, heat, inclement weather, at heights, while exposed to constant/intermittent sounds (if applicable). 
Lowe’s Canada is an inclusive employer. If selected for an interview, please advise our Human Resources team if you require accommodation during the interview and assessment process and we will work with you to meet your accessibility needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
