Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Design Lead, Retail Banking 
 RBC 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 About Design at RBC 
 Our goal is to become our industry’s leader in exceptional digital experiences. To get there, we’re putting strategy, research, design principles, and technical innovation at the centre of everything we do. But we need exceptional digital professionals, like you, to bring our process to life. 
 What will you do? 
 We want every point of contact with our RBC clients to feel important to them. That’s where you come in. Design leads shape the products we create through each of our digital products. As people managers, they guide designers on their team to create exceptional experiences. 
 As a leader, you will make decisions to empower your team to make work efficient, effective and enjoyable. You will provide thought leadership in order to stand-up a high-performing product design team, operationalize and organize the team within an Agile framework in a scrum or lean UX model. You will optimize the effectiveness of the design team over time within a collaborative, cross-functional, matrixed enterprise environment. Thriving in a fast paced and dynamic environment, you will oversee multiple projects at a time. 
 What you would work on 
 Product Design Strategy & Delivery 
 Lead multiple teams and squads across a journey and/or within a line of business 
Provide product design direction & oversight to ensure craft excellence and consistency aligned to design platform guidelines 
Participate in product roadmapping, big room and quarterly planning in alignment with business and product OKRs 
Formulate and validate design hypotheses through iterative releases of MVP to align business objectives with customer needs 
Align to Agile methodology and promote a test-and-learn approach to build, deliver and refine the right products for the right audiences in the right ways 
 Collaboration & Partnerships 
 Represent the Digital Product Design practice at a leadership level within cross-functional product teams and with critical senior and executive-level stakeholders 
Work at the front line to position the design practice as a trusted business partner that provides measurable business value 
Facilitate demos, presentations, workshops and stakeholdering sessions with all partners, including business, product, technology, risk, legal, etc. around product objectives and priorities 
Empower teams to succeed with a shared vision; delegating authority, and removing obstacles that hinder progress 
 People Management 
 Establish cadence for regular check-ins and empower your team to manage the day to day tasks, checking in often enough to ensure they are on track to deliver value against our business objectives without micro-managing 
Provide career, leadership development, coaching and guidance through recurring team and one-on-one check-ins. Manage, mentor, motivate, lead and inspire the team to constantly deliver excellence in performance and in behaviours aligned with the Leadership Model 
Build the capability of designers across the Digital Design team by providing open and candid feedback, direction, and coaching 
Aid in the sourcing, recruiting, hiring and retaining of high performing talent 
 What do you need to succeed? 
 Must-have 
 BA/BS degree in Design (e.g. interaction, graphic, visual communications, product, industrial), Human Computer Interaction (HCI), Computer Science (CS), or a related field or equivalent practical experience 
At least 10 years of experience as a designer 
A minimum of 3-5 years’ experience leading teams and complex digital projects 
Experience working in an Agile delivery framework in a Scrum or Lean UX model 
Experience dealing with specific challenges of a matrixed enterprise environment 
Project management skills to plan, analyse resources in order to meet delivery requirements 
Experience coaching and mentoring team members 
 Nice to have 
 MA/MS degree or certification in Design (e.g. interaction, graphic, visual communications, product, industrial), Human Computer Interaction (HCI), Computer Science (CS), or a related field 
Industry experience with Financial Institutions 
 What’s in it for you 
 You’ll find yourself in a culture where designers feel included, valued, and heard; in a supportive environment surrounded by peers who exceed in their area of expertise. 
You’ll work on solutions used by millions of people and contribute to a company that truly values customer experience and remains a Global Digital leader. 
You’ll be part of team that’s pushing the boundaries of digital product design as we strive to improve the lives of the people and communities we serve. 
Work/life balance is important to us; you will be part of a company that values your time. 
 Learn more about RBC Tech Jobs 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
