Menu 
   
 Michigan STEM Partnership 
 Preparing Today's Learners for Tomorrow's Careers 
 Skip to content 
 Tag Archives: MI STEM Careers Showcase @ TIM Detroit 
     mistempartnership  9:21 pm  on  September 8, 2017 
Tags: Consumers Energy, Henry Ford College, MI Afterschool Partnership, MI Film & Digital Media Office, MI STEM Careers Showcase @ TIM Detroit, MI STEM Partnership, Mobile Technology Assn of MI, Oakland Community College, STEM@TIM,  TIM Detroit 2017 ( 2 ) , TIM Detroit Leadership Award, Washtenaw Community College 
 MI STEM Partnership Wins Leadership Award at TIM Detroit 2017 
   
   
   
   
 The Michigan STEM Partnership won The Leadership Award at the recent Technology in Motion (TIM) Detroit 2017 event in which the organization participated as a producer of and exhibitor in the STEM Career Showcase. 
 Michigan's first STEM Career Showcase, produced by the Mobile Technology Association of Michigan (MTAM) and the MI STEM Partnership took place on Thursday, September 7th at the 1st annual Technology in Motion (TIM) Detroit event. 
 Featuring exhibits such as Consumers Energy, MI Robotics Institute, MI-Light, MI Science Center, DASI Solutions and many more, the event provided an opportunity for students, parents and educators to get great information about in-demand STEM careers and educational opportunities, as well as to hear expert panelists on topics such as: 
 
 The Importance of STEM to Michigan's Economy 
 Solving the STEM Talent Problem Thru Diversity 
 The STEM Gender Gap and How to Close It 
 How to Find a STEM Job in Today's Market 
 Increasing the Availability of STEM Training 
 STEM Students; Are they prepared for STEM careers? 
 
 Panel members included representatives from firms such as: Ford Motor Company, Birmingham Schools, Oakland University, Education Planning Resources, Workforce Intelligence Network, Consumers Energy, Mobile Technology Assn of MI, Oakland Community College, Lawrence Technological University, MI Science Center, Society of Automotive Engineers, University of MI, ardentCause, New Shore LLC, Sargon Partners, GTB, Moveable Bytes, GE, Strategic Staffing Solutions, Coretek Services, MI Afterschool Partnership, Project Lead the Way, STEM.org, Great Lakes Bay Regional STEM Eco-system, Amy Cell Talent, Robotic Intelligence Software, RIIS and NHacks. 
 Sponsors for the STEM@TIM event included: MI Afterschool Partnership, Consumers Energy, Oakland Community College, Michigan Film & Digital Media Office Washtenaw Community College and Henry Ford College. 
 This slideshow requires JavaScript. 
     mistempartnership  12:46 am  on  July 20, 2017 
Tags: MI STEM Careers Showcase @ TIM Detroit,  Michigan STEM partnership ( 12 ) ,  Mobile Technology Assn of Michigan ( 4 ) ,  STEM Careers ( 3 ) ,  Technology in Motion (TIM) ( 2 ) ,  TIM Detroit 2017 ( 2 ) 
 MI STEM Partnership co-produces STEM careers event at 'Technology in Motion: Detroit' exhibition 
 This article originally appeared in the TIM Detroit blog  on July 19, 2017 
 
 Every industry is becoming increasingly reliant on STEM-related jobs, which more often than not outnumber the amount of applicants available for them — especially in Michigan. 
 “We already have about 15,000 connected tech-related jobs in the state going unfilled,” said Linda Daichendt, executive director of the  Mobile Technology Association of Michigan (MTAM) . “If we don’t find a way to solve this problem by getting our students, and those seeking second or alternative careers, interested in filling these jobs, then the jobs will go elsewhere, companies will leave, and Michigan and its economy will be left behind.” 
 Most importantly, STEM support doesn’t just resolve an issue, but creates opportunities. Research conducted by  Michigan Economic Development Corporation (MEDC)  and  MTAM  indicates that every connected technology-related job created in Michigan also creates 6.54 additional jobs in the state, making it the highest job creation factor in the state. Michigan currently has multiple growing STEM industries, including mobility/connected transportation, connected health, smart manufacturing, smart cities, defense and cybersecurity. 
 The inaugural Technology in Motion (TIM) mobility exhibition seeks to be part of these efforts by partnering with the  Michigan STEM Partnership  and  MTAM  to produce the STEM Careers Showcase. This program will be held from 1-7 p.m. on Sept. 7 in the TIM Detroit exhibition hall and will cater to students, parents and educators. The showcase will focus on increasing awareness about STEM careers, with a goal of increasing student STEM education participation and student pursuit of STEM careers. The event will also provide information to parents and educators about the opportunities available to students due to substantial business and industry demand for STEM talent; research shows that parents are extremely influential on students’ education and career choices, and teachers need to understand what employer needs are to prepare students for jobs. 
 One of the main features of the showcase will be a series of expert talks and panel discussions on topics such as how to find a STEM job in today’s marketplace; solving the STEM talent problem through diversity; and the importance of STEM to Michigan’s economy. In addition, the entire TIM Detroit exhibition will be open to participants, allowing them to explore booths from prominent STEM-focused companies like General Motors, Lear Corporation and Cisco. There will also be a designated “STEM Village” on the floor that will include interactive exhibits and STEM career information hosted by various organizations. 
 Support for STEM development at events like TIM Detroit is crucial. “Our educational institutions are suffering a lack of resources and teachers able to provide this training to today’s students, which puts our students at a disadvantage,” said Gary Farina, executive director of the  Michigan STEM Partnership . “Therefore, we encourage, and will support, efforts designed to expose students to opportunities to explore these careers and to interact with industry professionals who can share their expertise and experiences.” 
 To find out more about the STEM Careers Showcase, visit the  STEM page  on the TIM Detroit website. To buy a ticket for the event, you can  purchase a $10 exhibition ticket  for Thursday, Sept. 7, or the $25 three-day pass if you’d like to come on other days as well. For more information about getting involved, reach out to  MTAM  at (248) 470-3257 or email  info@GoMobileMichigan.org . 
 Search 
 Search 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 MI STEM Partnership RSS 
 
 RSS - Posts 
 RSS - Comments 
 
 Michigan STEM Partnership 
 
 Michigan STEM Partnership 
 
   Xconomy Education 
 
 Q&A: New Rady Dean Ordóñez on School’s Growth, Startups, Ethics & More  September 20, 2019 
 Booming CS Demand Brings Ex-Acquia CEO Back to His UW Roots  September 13, 2019 
 Why Ethernet Inventor Bob Metcalfe is an Internet Optimist  July 8, 2019 
 What Is the Future of the Internet? Experts Predict Next 50 Years  July 2, 2019 
 Degreed Raises $75M to Expand in Growing Workforce Training Sector  June 27, 2019 
 
 Archives 
 
 February 2018 
 January 2018 
 September 2017 
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
*[9:21 pm  on  September 8, 2017]: 2017-09-09T01:21:04Z
*[12:46 am  on  July 20, 2017]: 2017-07-20T04:46:20Z 
