Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Team Member, Cultivation (IPM) 
 Aurora Cannabis 
 __Bradford, ON 
 Apply Now 
 MAIN RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Participate in the continuous scouting and monitoring of the crop for health, pest and diseases. 
inspect main areas of concern such as leaves, stems, flowers and rootzone. 
Release biological control agents (BCA’s) as part of the Integrated Pest Management (IPM) program. 
Communicate and escalate all issues with the crop and/or the production process to all the relevant parties as required 
Participate in cultivation related activities such as pruning, defoliating, crop maintenance, harvesting and cycle turnover as required. 
Where applicable, must adhere to Aurora's SOPs and comply with Health Canada’s Cannabis Act. In addition, must adhere to ISO 9001:2015 (Quality Management System), ISO 14001 (Environment Management System) and OHSAS 18001 (Occupational Health and Safety Assessment Series). 
Where applicable, promote and maintain GMP requirements. 
Other duties as required 
 OTHER ACTIVITIES: 
Recognize unsafe conditions and practices and make corrections to prevent injuries and product loss. 
 WORKING CONDITIONS: 
Physical effort is required, lifting, pushing, and pulling up to 55 lbs. 
Temperatures range from 18 degrees Celsius to 32 degrees Celsius. 
Ability to work weekends, holidays and after hours as required. 
Repetitive use of hands, wrists and forearms. 
Requires standing and walking for extended periods of time 
This position involves significant exposure to cannabis/plant materials, and it is therefore not likely suitable for an employee that may suffer from allergies to cannabis/plant pollen material, or experience other medical issues, such as asthma and hay fever, as a result of cannabis/plant material exposure. 
 Shifts:  7 day week operation requiring weekend work, Although workers are not required to work 7 days a week, you will need to be flexible to cover weekend and evening shifts. 
 QUALIFICATIONS: 
Grower Pesticide Safety Course completed would be an asset 
Strong communication and problem-solving skills 
Strong attention to detail 
Highly reliable team player 
Must be able to work unsupervised 
 We would like to thank all applicants for their interest but only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Aurora is an equal opportunity employer. At Aurora, we are committed to do business inclusively and accommodate applicants with disabilities. If you require accommodation (including, but not limited to, an accessible interview site, alternate format of job posting) during the recruitment and selection process, please let our Recruitment team know. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
