Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Overnight Maintenance - Uxbridge 
 McDonald's Restaurants 
 __Uxbridge, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Company Description 
 In 1954, an enterprising salesman named Ray Kroc discovered a small burger restaurant in California, and wrote the first page of McDonald’s® history. In 1967, the first McDonald’s Canada opened in Richmond, B.C. and we’ve been growing with our communities and serving quality food at great a value ever since. Today, McDonald’s Canada is proud to be one of the world’s leading foodservice retailers. From coast to coast, we serve delicious choices to more than 2.5 million people in over 1,400 locations every day. We’re also more than just your local restaurant. We’re hardworking small-business men and women, students working part-time, seniors getting the most out of life, and volunteers lending time to make a difference in the communities we live and work in. 
 Job Description 
 How about flexible hours that let you do your thing, whatever your thing is. The opportunity to grow. Professionally, personally and financially. How about the chance to be part of a company that’s primarily run by independent business owners and that’s active in your community. That’s helped more than 300,000 Canadian families with sick kids through Ronald McDonald House. If that sounds good to you, then we’d love to hear from you. 
 YOUR VIBE. 
 You’re a curious mind. You love to see how things work and are fascinated by the intricacies of objects. You’re good with your hands and mechanically adept. You’d rather do a job right the first time, than do it twice. 
 YOUR OPPORTUNITY. 
 To you, cleanliness is highly important. So much so, you’re always focused on maintaining things spick and span at all times. Even your computer’s keyboard as you read this, is spotless. 
To maintain a safe work environment for guests and coworkers alike. With your encyclopedic knowledge of safety regulations and equipment, you will make a productive contribution to our team. 
To juggle. Three, four, sometimes more things at a time. But you’re a master at multi-tasking, so you got this. You’ll be juggling things like fixing cupboards, tending to store areas and appliances during your shift. Sometimes during the day, sometimes in the wee hours of the night. And you’ll do it with limited supervision, thanks to your impeccable organizational skills. 
You’ll also take pride in repairing the décor and equipment. After all, you’re mechanically inclined. 
 Qualifications 
 Safety conscious individual focused on maintaining a high standard of cleanliness and safety at all times 
Efficient, detailed individual who thrives in a deadline-driven environment 
High standard of work ethics 
Dependability and reliability 
Willingness to learn 
Must be able to work overnight 
Must be able to work independently 
 Additional Information 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
