[ 
 a little dose of keelium 
 ](https://keelium.wordpress.com/ "a little dose of keelium") 
 Skip to content 
 
 About this blog 
 Contact me 
 
 career change 
 Why I Left Science: Project goals 
 Here's the deal guys. I want to collect stories about people who have either left research careers behind, for whatever reason, after starting down that path by entering a graduate program in the sciences. 
 I personally left my science career behind for a lot of reasons, including: 
 
 mental and physical health issues 
 a terrible relationship with my advisor 
 my advisor telling me I sucked at doing bench research 
 despair about the state of science funding 
 despair about the job market for science PhDs 
 feeling drawn to make writing and teaching part of my career goals 
 
 I know lots of people left for similar reasons to me, and others left for completely unrelated reasons. I know some people dropped out of grad school, others quit right after receiving their PhD, and still others quit after years as post-docs, techs, or adjuncts. Some people feel that the conditions in the field forced them out (be that poor mentoring in grad school, funding issues, a lack of jobs, sexism…), others feel they left due to personal failings, and still others left simply because they found something else to be a better fit. 
 Point being, there is a diversity of experiences here. I'm interested in hearing about all of them, because I'm still a scientist at heart and I want to be working from a complete data set. I suspect that collecting these stories will reveal common reasons for leaving science that say something important about how science works in this country and how graduate programs are marketed and run, and that is ultimately the goal of the project, but I'm not excluding anyone because they don't fit into my narrative. 
 Here are my only requirements for participation in the project: 
 
 You were admitted to and at least begun a research-focused science graduate program. 
 You have left, are in the process of leaving, or are actively planning to quit a position in science research after spending the majority of your science career directly involved with research. 
 
 I am not excluding people who will still be involved with science in some capacity, but not directly involved with research. This means science journalists, journal editors, policy makers, technical writers, etc. Basically, this projects includes people in "alternative careers". 
 So what form will participation in the project take? Well, I'm still hammering out the details, and I expect this to continue to evolve as I get more feedback. But my next step is to put together a survey collecting information about people who fall in this group and who are interested in sharing their experiences. I'll be asking questions about people's backgrounds, about why they chose to leave, and about what they are doing/planning to do now.  If anyone has any ideas about what I should ask on that survey, or how to write the questions, please share in the comments!  Everyone who participates in the survey will be put on a mailing list if they are interested in following the project as it goes forward. 
 Ultimately, I hope to publish (either as a series on this blog, or as an independent blog… input also invited on this point) either personal narratives or interviews with a broad swath of people willing to share their complete stories. But if you aren't willing to open up that much, I'm still interested. 
 So for now? I'll take input on how to put together the survey and how to proceed with the project as a whole. If you're interested in sharing your story OR in helping out, EMAIL ME. If you don't have anything to add at this point, but want to participate in the survey, just stay tuned! 
 Finally, I know a lot of people find their way here because they are struggling PhD students, and not all of you are quitting! At least not yet, anyhow. So, if you are a PhD student who is currently struggling with being a grad student with a  mental illness  ,  go here  to contribute to a project on that subject! Also, if you are a PhD student struggling with  any kind of chronic illness or disability  , check out  this blog ! Both links were sent to me by someone who contacted me about this project, so thanks for the help! Also, I welcome links to resources/blogs on  alternative science careers  and  struggling with grad school  , if you have any that you've found particularly interesting/useful. 
 __5 Comments  __Leave a comment 
 __[ December 4, 2013  keelyellenmarie   on leaving science   academic science ,  career ,  career change ,  economy ,  failure ,  job market ,  jobs ,  leaving science ,  mental health ,  quitting ,  science funding ,  science jobs 
 
 Old favorites 
 
 How to keep moving forward even when your brain hates you 
 On vulnerability and courage 
 Advice on leaving graduate school 
 three fucking years 
 
 
 abuse   academia   activism   advice   anxiety   biology   blogging   bras   captainawkward   career   career plans   community building   confidence   dave ross   depression   economics   education   emotional abuse   exercise   failure   faith in humanity   feminism   friendship   grad school   health   hope   HPV   jerkbrain   job   jobs   leaving science   links   literature   love   mastering out   me   meditation   mental health   mental illness   microscopy   mindfulness   moms who drink and swear   moving   musings   NIH   non-transferrable skills   nostalgic yearning   perfectionism   personal   phd   queer   religion   research   science   science education   science funding   science writing   self-care   sensitive   sex   sex education   shame   tips   trauma   travel   tutoring   unemployment   updates   vaccines   world events   worms   writing   yoga   you should know   zenpencils 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 We defeated Prop 25, but that was just one step. Now we need real pretrial reform.   twitter.com/JusticeLANow/s…   4 weeks ago 
 RT @ JusticeLANow : After years of community organizing & advocacy, newly elected LA DA George Gascón took office Monday 12/7 & announced bol…  1 month ago 
 @ jennifurret  Gayyyyyy! I love it.  2 months ago 
 RT @ JusticeLANow : 📣📣 WE HIT TRENDING #1 IN CALIFORNIA, LA COUNTY, SAN DIEGO, SACRAMENTO, FRESNO, AND BAKERSFIELD!!! ‼️ Because our commun…  3 months ago 
 RT @ JusticeLANow : 📢 CALL TO ACTION for TODAY and TUESDAY OCTOBER 13th AT 8:30AM! 🔸 TODAY: Send in written comment to @ CountyOfLA   #BoardOfS …  3 months ago 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com.  Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
