Skip to content 
  Working, living & Travelling in Ireland  
 Main Menu 
 
 Working in Ireland Menu Toggle
 
 Foreign Language jobs in Ireland 
 Jobs/ job announcements in Ireland 
 Recruitment Agencies Ireland 
 
 
 Living in Ireland Menu Toggle
 
 Accommodation in Ireland 
 Help with feeling down ? 
 
 
 Travel Menu Toggle
 
 Gort Cycle Trails in the Burren Lowlands Menu Toggle
 
 Ardrahan Drumharsna Castle and Old Irish Milestones Looped Cycle Trail 
 Labane to Bingham Mausoleum in Adrahan looped cycle 
 
 
 
 
 About me! 
 Work With Me! Menu Toggle
 
 Small business interviews West of Ireland 
 
 
 Have a question? Contact me ! 
 
 HP is Recruiting in Galway - 105 new Jobs!/ Aspect Jobs Galway 
 Leave a Comment  /  Co. Galway ,  Jobs in Ireland  / By    Katleen  
 Hi all, 
 I thought I'd mention the new jobs coming on stream at HP in Galway. 
 Image via  CrunchBase 
 I found the below on the website of the  Independent  : 
US computer giant Hewlett Packard has announced that it is to create 105 new jobs in Co Galway. To check out the current vacancies, click  here . 
 The highly-skilled positions will be based within the global IT organisation in Ballybrit which supports the company’s enterprise business unit. 
 “This is an important part of helping develop HP’s capability in software engineering, and we see it as an important statement of both our capacity to do more and the relevance of the skills that have been developed by the existing team here in Galway,” said Gerry Jacob, vice president within HP’s EB IT organisation. 
 Martin Murphy, managing director of HP Ireland said, “we are thrilled to be able to secure these jobs for Ireland as they speak hugely to the esteem in which the Irish skill set and capability is regarded within the HP community. 
 Aspect is also recruiting, both directly and indirectly. 
The direct recruitment jobs are ( slightly) hidden, so if you click  here , you'll find them:) 
 Happy jobhunting, 
Katleen 
 Online Editors 
 
 Share this: 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 Pocket 
 
 
 More 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share this 
 
 
 
 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous Post 
 Next Post -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Workinglivingtravellinginireland 
 
 Workinglivingtravellinginireland 
 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Pages 
 
 About me! 
 Accommodation in Ireland 
 Foreign Language jobs in Ireland 
 Google Local Guide 
 Gort Cycle Trails in the Burren Lowlands 
 Have a question? Contact me ! 
 Help with feeling down ? 
 Jobs/ job announcements in Ireland 
 Living in Ireland 
 Recruitment Agencies Ireland 
 Small business interviews West of Ireland 
 Travel 
 Work With Me! 
 Working in Ireland 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 51,464 hits 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 Working, living & Travelling in Ireland | Powered by  Astra WordPress Theme 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
