Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Student Leaf Raking 
 LocalStudent 
 __Richmond Hill, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Looking for a job where you can fully choose your own working hours, be your own boss, and get paid $24-$28 per hour on average? Look no further. LocalStudent is the new way for students to find work. 
 We are now hiring Leaf Rakers for the Fall. LocalStudent was created by students, for students. We know that typical student jobs suck (working in fast food or retail) so we created a job that allows you to stay active while being outdoors and the ability to social distance. Plus, you have full flexibility with your schedule. 
 How it works: We are like Uber for leaf raking and snow shovelling. We have hundreds of customers all across the Greater Toronto Area who need their leaves raked and snow shovelled. You go on our website, simply choose which customers you want to service and when. It's that simple. 
We pay a flat rate per job. For example, a small yard pays around $50 on average and can be completed in around 1-2 hours if you work quickly, whereas a very big yard can pay $300+ and could take around 8 hours or so. 
 Spots on our team are very limited. To apply, visit https://localstudent.enginehire.io/students 
 Job Types: Part-time, Temporary, Contract, Casual, Freelance 
 Salary: $24.00-$28.00 per hour 
 Additional pay: 
 
 Bonus pay 
 Tips 
 
 Benefits: 
 
 Casual dress 
 Flexible schedule 
 
 COVID-19 considerations: 
This position is outdoors and 100% contact-free. For payment and scheduling, it is all done online. 
 Work remotely: 
 
 Yes, occasionally 
 
 COVID-19 Precaution(s): 
 
 Remote interview process 
 Social distancing guidelines in place 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
