Work In Finland  Jobs in Finland for English speaking professionals and more 
 JOB SEEKERS   RECRUITERS 
 Menu 
 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 Finland News 
 Contact 
 Advertise with Us 
 Login/Register 
 Submit a Job 
 
 Job categories 
 
 New Jobs 
 Agriculture Jobs 
 Construction Jobs 
 Education Jobs 
 Finance Jobs 
 Health Jobs 
 Hospitality Jobs 
 IT Jobs 
 Office Jobs 
 Other Jobs 
 
 Search 
 Radius: Auto 1 km 5 km 10 km 50 km 100 km 1,000 km 5,000 km 
 15 Jun  2017 
 Full-Time Online Marketing Internship Programme (Finnish Market) 
 Motion Global  -  C/O Vision Italia Via Giolitti 41 10123 
 Job Description 
 Do you want to come to beautiful Italy while learning about digital marketing? 
 Largest designer glasses e-commerce retailer worldwide (smartbuyglasses.com) 
Multicultural team representing over 20 nationalities 
Fast growing, dynamic and young company culture 
 Company Profile 
 SmartBuyGlasses Optical Group, operated under Motion Global Ltd., is the world’s leading designer eyewear e-retailer. With operations across Asia Pacific, Europe and the Americas, SmartBuyGlasses has become the market leader in over 30 countries worldwide. With over 160 employees, we retail the world’s best eyewear brands including Ray-Ban, Tom Ford, Gucci and many more. SmartBuyGlasses has a young, international and entrepreneurial culture that promotes fast career progression and self-development. Passionate and effective employees are usually promoted quickly to managerial positions, operating teams with high degrees of responsibility. 
 For more information see: www.motionglobal.com, www.smartbuyglasses.com 
 The Position 
 We are recruiting students who are looking for a fast-track career development in Online Marketing. The focus of this Internship Programme will be to develop an action plan for our marketing campaigns, including Content Marketing, SEO, PR, Social Media, Market Research, User Experience, and other business development projects. You will also act as the primary point of contact for your websites. 
 Our Online Marketing Programme will provide you with hands-on experience to learn, plan, implement and monitor all aspects of Online Marketing strategies and campaigns. The successful candidates would be those who have strong interest in Online Marketing and seek a challenging role in a fast-paced environment. 
 Tasks and Responsibilities 
 Take ownership of your market and devise a marketing and business development strategy that will drive traffic and sales. 
Conducting market research as well as developing an action plan for our marketing campaigns, including content writing and SEO. 
Improving and localizing web content for your market. 
Responsible for market planning, strategy implementation, reporting and feedback analysis for various activities and channels. 
Becoming an expert in developing Search Engine Optimization (“SEO”) and driving revenue across all online marketing channels. 
Developing strategic partnerships and building/enhancing relationships with our local partners. 
 The Qualified Candidate 
 Student of a business subject (e.g. media, economics or communication science) or students close to finals 
Native Finnish speaker with fluency in English. Other languages would be an advantage. 
Basic understanding of SEO and on-page/off-page online marketing. Prior experience is a plus. 
Has strong research and analytical skills and a positive “can do” attitude. 
Ability to work independently, to self-prioritize work streams and to meet tight deadlines. 
Computer literate with an excellent understanding of MS Office and Excel. 
Prior experience of CMS systems and a basic knowledge of HTML are preferred. 
Highly motivated, ambitious, and willing to take ownership of projects. 
Strong understanding of their local market. 
 Internship Programme Structure 
 3 - 6 month internship with a possibility of permanent employment upon successful completion. 
Extensive training across all online marketing activities from our in-house experts. 
Fast career progression for successful candidates. 
Work location: Torino, Italy 
Please note that this is an unpaid internship which is to be undertaken for a period of between three and six months dependent upon the availability of the candidate. Whilst full time would be preferred, we are also willing to offer the role to students who are able to work part time (20 office hours per week). Due to the nature of this role, we are unable to offer visas to applicants. Whilst this internship is unpaid, trainees will receive extensive exposure all facets of digital marketing and training from our experienced and dedicated team. This is a great opportunity for students and recent graduates to gain valuable experience of working within a market leading company, whilst learning key transferrable skills in both digital marketing and e-commerce industries. 
 How to Apply 
 Please  Sign in  or  Register , and upload a CV in order to see the How to apply details. 
 _Job Categories: Other Jobs in Finland . Job Types:  Full-Time . Job expires in  Endless . _ 
 1 total views, 0 today 
 Related jobs in Finland 
 
 Type
Related Ads
Job 
 
 
 
 Location
 Finland 
Date Posted
 22 Jan  2021
2. Type
Full-Time
Job
 Senior Customs Inspector 
Location
 Helsinki  FI
Date Posted
 19 May  2014
3. Type
Full-Time
Job
 BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER 
Location
 Anywhere 
Date Posted
 15 Jun  2017 
 
 Register your CV for FREE 
 
 Register as a Job Seeker to submit your CV. 
 
 Submit a Job 
 
 Starting at  € 99.00  for  30 days 
 
 
 5 of total 4528 Live CVs 
 
 
 * Browse by…
 
 
 
 Tags 
 
 
 Job Type 
 
 Freelance 
 Full-Time 
 Internship 
 Part-Time 
 Temporary 
 
 
 
 Job Salary 
 
 100,000 and above 
 20,000 - 40,000 
 40,000 - 60,000 
 60,000 - 80,000 
 Less than 20,000 
 
 
 
 Job Category 
 
 Agriculture Jobs 
 Construction Jobs in Finland 
 Education Jobs in Finland 
 Featured 
 Finance Jobs in Finland 
 Health Jobs in Finland 
 Hospitality Jobs in Finland 
 IT Jobs in Finland 
 Office Jobs in Finland 
 Other Jobs in Finland 
 
 
 
 Date posted 
 
 Today 
 This Week 
 Last Week 
 This Month 
 
 
 
 dedicated 
 
 
 finnish 
 
 
 Freelance 
 
 
 fresh graduates 
 
 
 hard working 
 
 
 honest 
 
 
 internship 
 
 
 language 
 
 
 Part Time 
 
 
 proofreader 
 
 
 retired 
 
 
 Social Media 
 
 
 Work from Home 
 
 
 
 
 Our Prices 
 
 €99.00 
 
 
 
 1 job only 
1 Jobs lasting 30 days, usable within 30 days 
 * €249.00
 
 10 Jobs Pack 
10 Jobs lasting 30 days, usable within 365 days 
 * €999.00
 
 UNLIMITED Pack 
Unlimited Jobs lasting 30 days, usable within 365 days 
 
 
 Related Blog Posts 
 
 Finnish Innovation Turns Fake Nails Into USBs 
 Finnish authorities encourage integration 
 Finnish Innovation Identifies Skin Cancer in Seconds 
 Searching for a job in Finland 
 
 
 
 * [Subscribe](http://feeds.feedburner.com/JobsInFinland)  
 
 Receive the latest job listings 
 
 Follow Us 
Come join us on Twitter 
 
 
 
 Resources 
 
 Finland News 
 Career Advice 
 Work in Finland 
 Finland Immigration 
 
 
 
 Loved and Trusted by: 
 
 
 
 * [Error - An access token is required to request this resource.](https://www.facebook.com/workinfinland)

* [1297](https://twitter.com/workinfinland)

* [](https://plus.google.com/+Workinfinland/posts)
 
 Made with love for  Finland 
 
 About 
 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 Finland News 
 Contact 
 Advertise with Us 
 
 Resources 
 
 Finland News 
 Career Advice 
 Work in Finland 
 Finland Immigration 
 
 Trusted By 
 
 Copyright (C) 2009 - 2021 Work In Finland. 
 We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. 
 ACCEPT   See details  
