Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Office Services Coordinator 
 Canopy Growth Corporation 
 __Smiths Falls, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Smiths Falls, ON, Canada Req #3286 
Monday, November 16, 2020 
 The Company 
 At Canopy Growth, our mission is clear:  improve lives, end cannabis prohibition, and strengthen communities. We believe that cannabis can be a force for good. We’re building a consumer-centric organization that is focused on sharing the transformational potential of cannabis with the world. We will achieve this through an innovative and disruptive portfolio of cannabis and hemp-derived products. 
 With millions of square feet of licensed production capacity and operations spanning four continents, Canopy Growth is the world's leading cannabis and hemp company. We recognize that employees are at the core of our success, and we take pride in a corporate culture that emphasizes inclusiveness, collaboration, and diversity. 
 Our employees come from a wide range of backgrounds, each bringing their own unique skills and talents to the table, working together to continue our incredible momentum of growth. If you are interested in building global challenger brands, scaling a business, and working in a values-driven environment, we want to hear from you! 
 The Opportunity 
 Not all heroes wear capes. 
 If you love people, then buckle up. And if you love working in a fast-paced environment, well then buckle up again. That’s right. We’re telling you to double-buckle. 
 Reporting to the Manager, Office Services, Administration, you are an individual who thrives in an ever-changing and sometimes chaotic environment. If you are a master of organization, have a great ability to problem solve and can multi-task in your sleep, then there is a 100% chance you should apply! This is a very active and physical role which may take you from one end of the campus to the other - this not an administrative position. 
 Responsibilities 
 Assist in the coordination/planning of corporate events 
Providing back-up relief to reception during breaks, lunch or as needed 
Coordinate office cleaning in partnership with plant maintenance team 
Prepare “first day” new hire desk kits complete with basic office supplies 
Create and post new hire welcome signs 
Clean and stock office kitchens and coffee stations throughout the campus 
Assist with meetings/lunches at the request of managers, ensure room is equipped 
Oversee servicing and operation of office equipment 
Escort various vendors through the building as required 
Order office supplies 
Maintain kitchens throughout the campus 
Liaise with maintenance team and/or landlord on office maintenance 
Assist with office moves and changes 
Administrative support as required 
Other duties as assigned 
 Experience 
 Administrative or clerical experience 
Excellent organizational skills with the ability to work in a fast paced environment 
Strong multi-tasking skills 
Proficient in Google suite and other computer programs 
Excellent communication skills 
Ability to work independently and cooperatively on a team 
 Other Details 
 This is a 3 month contract role based out of Smiths Falls, ON. 
 We appreciate the interest from all candidates, and promise to review all applications, but we will only be contacting those who best fit the requirements. If you don’t hear from us, don’t fret; every resume we get is kept in our database for six months for consideration in future searches for talent. 
 Canopy Growth welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. 
 Accommodations are available upon request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. 
 One last note:  the chosen applicant will be required to successfully complete background and reference checks. 
 Thank you so much for your interest in Canopy Growth. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
