Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Payment Services Officer - Service Canada 
 Employment and Social Development Canada 
 __Boucherville, QC 
 Apply Now 
 Employment and Social Development Canada - Benefits Delivery Services Branch 
Boucherville (Québec) 
PM-01 
A pool of qualified candidates will be created to staff term, indeterminate, assignment, secondment, acting, casual, seasonal, permanent, part-time and/or full-time positions at the Employment Insurance Processing Centre. This selection process may be used to staff similar positions at Service Canada. 
$54,878 to $61,379 
 For further information on the organization, please visit Employment and Social Development Canada 
 We invite you to watch this short video (2.5 minutes) in order to learn more about the online application process: Cracking The Code 
 Who can apply:  Persons residing within a radius of approximately 60 Km from the Boucherville Processing Center 
 Closing date:  5 January 2021 - 23:59, Pacific Time 
 Apply online 
 Important messages 
 We are committed to providing an inclusive and barrier-free work environment, starting with the hiring process. If you need to be accommodated during any phase of the evaluation process, please use the Contact information below to request specialized accommodation. All information received in relation to accommodation will be kept confidential. 
 Assessment accommodation 
 When you apply to this selection process, you are not applying for a specific job, but to an inventory for future vacancies. As positions become available, applicants who meet the qualifications may be contacted for further assessment. 
 Given our operational needs in the short and medium term, we will prioritize our hirings for positions in the Service Canada call center. 
 Do you have excellent customer service skills and want to showcase them? Then this is the perfect opportunity for you to join a first-rate employer! Our department, Employment and Social Development Canada, has been named one of Canada's Top 100 Employers and we are proud of it! 
 In addition, by joining our team, you will evolve within a dynamic, inclusive and welcoming organization that makes service to citizens its main mission. Our organization stands out as an employer of choice since it offers many advantages to its employees (competitive salaries, flexible work schedules, paid vacation, health and dental benefits, pension fund, career development opportunities, etc.). So don't wait any longer and submit your application now to join our excellent work environment! 
 Duties 
 As a Payment Services Officer at the processing center, your main task would be to help process the Employment Insurance applications effectively. Here is a list of some of the tasks that you would have to do: 
 
 Providing general information about the program Employment Insurance: explaining the laws, decisions, procedures and processes. 
 Gathering information from clients and employers in order to process applications in accordance with procedures and guidelines. 
 Rendering decisions with respect to eligibility and entitlement to benefits by applying applicable acts and regulations. 
 Participating, during team meetings, in exchanges of constructive ideas for the purpose of continuous improvement. 
 
 As a Payment Services Officer at the call center, over the phone, you will assist a varied clientele with matters related to Employment Insurance, Old Age Security and the Canada Pension Plan. Here is a list of some of the tasks that you would have to do: 
 
 Continuously take calls using different computer programs and do so while staying in your office in front of your monitors. 
 Understanding callers needs in order to give them complete and accurate information and take action according to procedures. 
 Help clients understand program specific legislation and the procedures and processes for receiving services or benefits. 
 Remaining professional and courteous with callers even in more sensitive situations. 
 
 Please note that you will need to be available throughout the training and that exams may be administered to assess your prior learning. Successful completion of the training will be essential for continued employment. 
 Work environment 
 The Boucherville Processing Center (Main office): 
 
 Located in a district composed of commercial, residential and green spaces (including an artificial lake); 
 Nearby every services (restaurants, financial institutions, drugstores, supermarkets, etc.); 
 Easily accessible by car via highways 20 and 132 and by public transit via various bus routes; 
 Close to multiple bicycle paths; 
 Characterized by a large and free parking area including bicycle racks. 
 
 Job location: 
Boucherville, QC 
https://goo.gl/maps/ahsgXVhXqiaueC6i9 
 The Satellite office : 
 
 Located near several services: restaurants, stores and hospital; 
 Easily accessible by car, bicycle or public transportation 
 Free parking nearby 
 Safe and friendly workplace 
 
 Job location : 
Longueuil, QC 
https://goo.gl/maps/V1S41DTp7KQEw1Dz5 
 Intent of the process 
 By early 2021, this hiring process could be used to staff 30 positions within Service Canada. Notably, at the Boucherville Processing Center and at the Service Canada Call Center in Longueuil (Quebec). Given our operational needs in the short and medium term, we will prioritize our hirings for positions in the Service Canada call center. Candidate evaluations will take place during the fall and winter. In order to minimize the current risks associated with COVID-19, our tests and interviews may be conducted remotely. The situation will be reviewed as the pandemic evolves. The linguistic profile for the call center positions are a BBC level. 
 Some of the competencies demonstrated in this competition could be recognized for other inventories or competitions, current or future, for positions of similar group and level as the Payment Service Agent (PM-01) position at Service Canada in the Quebec Region. 
 ATTENTION 
 We are looking for the best candidates. Show us that you are one of them! 
 In order to be considered for the next stages of assessment, you must provide complete answers to the screening questions. Please proceed as follows: 
 1. Indicate the name of the employer where the experience was acquired 
2. Indicate the period of time in which you have held the position (Month/Year to Month/Year) 
3. Indicate the title of the position held. 
4. Provide concrete and specific examples of actions you took that demonstrate how the experience was gained. 
 
 Avoid referring us to your résumé as it will only be used as a secondary source of information. 
 
 Positions to be filled:  30 
 Information you must provide 
 Your résumé. 
 In order to be considered, your application must clearly explain how you meet the following (essential qualifications) 
 EXPERIENCE 
 Experience* in providing services relative to the delivery of programs to the generic public, either in person with external clients, by telephone or by email, specifically involving obtaining and providing information requiring explanation or clarification; 
 
 Experience of approximately one year, during the last five years. 
 
 The following will be applied / assessed at a later date (essential for the job) 
 Various language requirements 
French Essential 
Bilingual Imperative BBB/BBB (for processing duties) 
Bilingual Imperative BBC/BBC (for call center duties only) 
 Information on language requirements 
 Second Language Writing Skills Self-Assessment 
In order to help you decide if you should apply to a bilingual position, an optional self-assessment of your writing skills in your second official language is available for you to take before completing your application. 
 For more information, please consult: 
Unsupervised Internet Test of Second Language Writing Skills 
 EDUCATION 
 Secondary school diploma or employer-approved alternatives (a satisfactory score on the PSC test approved as an alternative to a secondary school diploma; or an acceptable combination of education, training and/or experience). 
 If you were educated outside of Canada, see this link: 
Degree equivalency 
 COMPETENCIES AND PERSONAL SUITABILITY 
 Communication (oral) 
Communication (written) 
Thinking skills 
Verification and Accuracy 
Client Focus 
Interpersonal Awareness 
Dependability 
 The following may be applied / assessed at a later date (may be needed for the job) 
 EDUCATION 
 Successful completion of two (2) years post-secondary education from a recognized educational institution (e.g. community college, CEGEP, university). 
 If you were educated outside of Canada, see this link: 
Degree equivalency 
 EXPERIENCE 
 Experience* in determining eligibility and entitlements to government benefits and/or services. 
 
 Experience of approximately one year, during the last five years. 
 
 COMPETENCIES AND PERSONAL SUITABILITY 
 Ability to work in a call center (for call center duties only) 
 ORGANIZATIONAL NEEDS 
 At Employment and Social Development Canada, diversity is our strength. If you’re a woman, an Aboriginal person, a person with a disability or a visible minority and are interested in bringing in different perspectives and insights, let us know by completing the Employment Equity (EE) section in your application. Appointments of members of these EE groups could be made to ensure our workforce is inclusive and representative of the Canadian public we serve. 
 Information on employment equity 
 OPERATIONAL REQUIREMENTS 
 Willing and able to work overtime as required. 
Willing and able to travel for training purposes. 
 Conditions of employment 
 Reliability Status security clearance 
 Other information 
 The Public Service of Canada is committed to building a skilled and diverse workforce that reflects the Canadians we serve. We promote employment equity and encourage you to indicate if you belong to one of the designated groups when you apply. 
 Information on employment equity 
 To be able to manage the number of applicants in this inventory, a random selection could be done. 
 Our messages will be sent to you from the following email address: EDSC.DGSRH.2020-CSD-EA-QC-0121234.HRSB.ESDC@servicecanada.gc.ca. Take the necessary actions to be able to receive them. 
 Candidates are entitled to participate in the inventory in the official language of their choice. 
 Preference 
 Preference will be given to veterans and to Canadian citizens, in that order, with the exception of a job located in Nunavut, where Nunavut Inuit will be appointed first. 
 Information on the preference to veterans 
 We thank all those who apply. Only those selected for further consideration will be contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
