Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Live-in Caregiver 
 Bayshore Home Health 
 __Kanata, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Bayshore is looking for passionate and caring  Live-In Personal Caregivers/ Support Workers  to join our amazing team. You will be creating special moments for clients each and every day. If your calling is to be the “difference” by providing outstanding care to others, then a health care career with Bayshore is the  Perfect Fit for YOU! 
 At Bayshore, your safety is our top priority. We will provide you with Personal Protective Equipment (PPE) and appropriate training, as well as daily infection prevention screening of clients and workers, prior to visits, to help prevent exposures to COVID-19. 
 We value our Bayshore caregivers with: 
 
 
 A career that allows for work-life balance and flexible scheduling 
 
 
 Fair wages for the critical work you do 
 
 
 Company sponsored Benefits (health and dental) for you and your family 
 
 
 Paid orientation and paid training 
 
 
 Work locally in your own community and help your neighbors 
 
 
 The opportunity to learn and grow in your career 
 
 
 Job Duties 
 Assist private clients in home or community care setting with personal care and activities of daily living. Provide companionship. Light housekeeping and basic cooking may be required. 
 Job Qualification 
 Completion of formal, accredited caregiver training program (PSW or Personal Support Worker) and/or a combination of equivalent education and experience needed. Valid driver’s license and reliable vehicle may be required for some home visits. 
 As Canada’s largest and best homecare company, join us as we continue our 50+ year tradition of supporting our Health Care Providers to make “being the difference” a Career! 
 **  Bayshore Recruiters will not ask for personal banking information during an interview. ** 
 ONTARIO AODA DISABILITY DISLOSURE STATEMENT: Bayshore is In accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005 and the Ontario Human Rights Code. 
 Job Type: Contract 
 Salary: $15.00-$18.00 per hour 
 Benefits: 
 
 Extended health care 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 Monday to Friday 
 Weekends 
 
 Duties: 
 
 Assisting clients with personal hygiene and getting dressed 
 Assisting clients with housekeeping or other daily errands 
 Providing companionship and emotional support 
 Observing and reporting on changes in the health or status of the client 
 Preparing food and feeding clients 
 Administering medication 
 Providing support with academic, social or recreational activities 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
