Skip to content 
 Primary Menu 
 
 Home 
 You're on Your Own 
 
 10 Immutable Laws of Money 
 When The Music Stops, Matt Bracken 
 In Defense of the 2nd Amendment, Gary North 
 
 
 The List: A to Z Survival 
 
 Forgotten Preps 
 
 
 Privacy Tools 
 
 Cellphone OpSec 
 NSA Keywords List 
 
 
 Dollars vs Money 
 Fair Use Notice 
 
 Search 
 Search for: 
 
 The Grey Enigma 
 Help is not coming. Neither is permisson. - https://twitter.com/Grey_Enigma 
 NY gun law concerns mental health professionals | LeaderHerald 
 04/23/201304/23/2013 The Grey Enigma 
 
 Area mental health professionals say they're concerned about an aspect of the state's new gun law requiring them to report potentially dangerous patients. 
 The New York State SAFE Act includes a section designed to "…remove firearms from those who seek to do harm to themselves or others." The law requires reporting by doctors, psychologists, licensed clinical social workers and registered nurses to advise authorities. 
 
 Since that provision of the law took effect March 16, officials have received at least 30 reports of people whose gun licenses should be reviewed, state police say. 
 The law requires mental health professionals to report to their local director of community services when, in their reasonable professional judgment, one of their patients is likely to harm someone. 
 Fulton County Director of Community Services Ernie Gagnon said that after a report is made, a decision would be made by a community services director or a similar authority on whether to give the information to police. 
 Debbie Skivington, deputy executive director of the Family Counseling Center of Fulton County, pointed out reports would be reviewed by the authorities, who then would decide whether to take someone's guns. 
 "  Nobody here [at the counseling center] is going to make any decision about anybody 's weapons ," Skivington said. 
 Gagnon said there are problems with the law. 
 "  The law was not well written and there was not discussion or advisement taken from the mental health professionals in the field, "  he said. 
 Gagnon said he would need to be the one to make the decision whether someone is or isn't a danger based on the information provided by the professionals. 
 "  For me, it 's very difficult to evaluate someone I haven't seen face to face,"  Gagnon said. 
 Also, Gagnon said having a middle man would impede the process. If someone is a danger, the police should be notified sooner rather than later, he said. 
 "  All you 're going to do is really slow down the process ," Gagnon said. 
 Dr. David Thompson, a Gloversville psychologist, said confidentiality could be broken with the new law. "  That confidentiality is the opening key in a relationship  ," Thompson said. 
 Thompson said the law could push patients away. He said it shouldn't be the job of mental health professionals alone to keep an eye on dangerous individuals. 
 "  If you ask mental health to do the whole job, you will put people at risk,  " Thompson said. 
 Thompson said evidence should be seen before anything is reported. "  Verbalization of something shouldn 't be sufficient ," Thompson said. 
 Republican Assemblyman Marc Butler said the mental health aspects of the SAFE Act are ill-defined. 
 "  I think the concern from the mental health professionals is that there is some ambiguity,  " Butler said. He questioned aspects of the law, asking how much responsibility lies with mental health professionals. 
 Butler asked what would happen to the professional if he or she deems a patient safe and an incident with a firearm occurs. 
 "  Can there be a liability for them?  " Butler asked. 
 He also asked what would happen if a professional reports a patient, and the patient has his or her guns taken away and later sues the mental health provider. 
 "  It comes at them from both sides,  " Butler said. 
 The mental health aspects of the act "raises some real questions how this unfortunate bill will be carried out," Butler said. 
 Democratic Sen. Cecilia Tkaczyk, who did not vote on the legislation, said she is uncomfortable with sections of the bill. 
 "  I have expressed my concerns about the SAFE Act since it was signed into law, prior to my becoming senator. While I strongly support our Second Amendment rights, I also understand the need for reasonable regulations to protect our citizens. The confusion surrounding the mental health provisions of the law highlights the need to clarify and amend portions of the Act,  " Tkaczyk said in a prepared statement. "  I agree we need clarification on that part of the law. " 
 Democratic Sen. Joseph Addabbo of Howard Beach voted for the bill but agreed there is an issue with the mental health care aspect of it. 
 In an email, Addabbo said he has some concerns over one medical professional, not a panel or a group at a hearing, deeming someone unfit to own a gun. 
 Addabbo said it could "open a can of worms, legally." 
 
 via  The Leader Herald . 
 Spread the idea please: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Email 
 Tumblr 
 More 
 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 Reddit 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 2nd Amendment ,  Big brother ,  Firearms 7 rounds ,  assault ,  ban ,  banned ,  control ,  cumo ,  cuomo ,  fatwa ,  fulton ,  grab ,  grabbers ,  gun ,  guns ,  health ,  magazine ,  mental ,  montgomery ,  notification ,  NY SAFE Act ,  police ,  professionals ,  rifle ,  round ,  sheriff ,  sherriff ,  snirch 
 Previous Article Police: NYU Student With "Arsenal Of Imitation Assault Weapons" Arrested 
 Next Article Counterterrorism analysts want US mass transit security tightened in wake of plots | Fox News 
 One thought on "NY gun law concerns mental health professionals | LeaderHerald" 
 
 aurorawatcherak  04/24/2013 / 12:00 AM 
 
 Aren't unintended consequences a lovely thing? 
 Make a decision in haste and you get to repent at leisure. 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (Address never made public) 
 Name 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Sites we visit 
 
 Amer Renaissance 
 Counter Currents 
 Coyote Blog 
 Disinformation 
 Free Domain Radio 
 Gates of Vienna 
 John Lott 
 Judicial Watch 
 Kunstler 
 Lew Rockwell 
 Liberty Blitzkrieg 
 Millenial Woes 
 Minds.com 
 Nat'l Policy Inst. 
 Of Two Minds 
 Overlawyered 
 Public Intellignce 
 Radio 3Fourteen 
 Reason 
 Red Ice Radio 
 Sovereign Man 
 Survival Podcast 
 VDARE 
 Volokh Conspiracy 
 W. Rifle Shooters Assn 
 Zero Hedge 
 
 Seach my site 
 Search for: 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
