Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Mental Health Therapist Provincial 
 Alberta Health Services 
 __Fort Saskatchewan, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Your Opportunity: 
This position reports to the Care Manager who is responsible for the Children, Youth and Families Addiction and Mental Health in the Fort Saskatchewan Mental Health Clinic. The Addiction and Mental Health Therapist (AMHT) provides mental health assessment, treatment, case coordination, crisis intervention and consultation to children, youth and their families experiencing psychological, emotional, social, substance misuse or behavioral difficulties. The Therapist works as a member of the multidisciplinary team providing services within the clinic setting as well as collaborative supports with community partners. The therapist will provide services from a family centered, concurrent capable care framework, addressing the needs across the continuum of care. This therapist will work out of the Fort Saskatchewan Mental Health Clinic. Please note that the current schedule is Monday to Friday days and this could change in the future depending on the needs of the clinic. 
 Description: 
As the Mental Health Therapist, you will be required to perform the restricted activity of psychosocial intervention utilizing a variety of treatment modalities (individual, family, group) to persons experiencing significant mental health difficulties. Working both independently and as a member of a collaborative multidisciplinary team, you will provide evidence informed and best practices in crisis intervention, assessment, consultation, referral, case management and treatment. 
 Classification:  Mental Health Therapist Provin 
 Union:  HSAA Facility PROF/TECH 
 Department:  EMH Clinic Fort Saskatchewan 
 Primary Location:  Fort Saskatchewan Health Ctr 
 Multi-Site:  Not Applicable 
 FTE:  1.00 
 Posting End Date:  10-DEC-2020 
 Employee Class:  Regular Full Time 
 Date Available:  28-DEC-2020 
 Hours per Shift:  7.75 
 Length of Shift in weeks:  2 
 Shifts per cycle:  10 
 Shift Pattern:  Days 
 Days Off:  Saturday/Sunday 
 Minimum Salary:  $39.42 
 Maximum Salary:  $52.36 
 Vehicle Requirement:  Not Applicable 
 Required Qualifications: 
 Completion of one of the following programs:  master's degree in Psychology; master's degree in Social Work (clinical specialization) including education in mental health assessment and psychotherapy; master's degree in Occupational Therapy including training and experience in mental health assessment and provision of psychotherapy; master's degree in Nursing and Psychiatric Nursing including training and experience in mental health assessment and provision of psychotherapy; Active or eligible for registration with the applicable regulatory college. 
 Additional Required Qualifications: 
3-5 years of direct clinical experience with the focus on children, youth and their families. Advanced levels of knowledge and skill in the assessment and treatment of mental, emotional and behavioral disorders is required. Current BCLS-HCP certification required. Provisional status with current registration with CAP will be considered. Non Violent Crisis Intervention Training. Training in psychiatric conditions, crisis intervention, mental health & risk assessment, Solution Focused Therapy & case management, preferably in a community setting are required. Excellent interpersonal skills, computer proficiencies, and well developed written and verbal skills. A combination of education and experience will be considered. 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
Connect Care experience is preferred. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
