Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Medical Secretary II (Limited Term, 12 months) 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Schedule 37.5 hours 
Education Level 2 year Community College diploma in Medical Office Administration or related field. 
Career Level Requires 3 years of relevant experience 
 Job Description 
 Medical Secretary (II) 
 (JD # JD0043) 
 Stonechurch Family Health Centre (SFHC) is a clinical teaching unit located at 1475 Upper Ottawa Street. It is affiliated with Hamilton Health Sciences and McMaster University. Over 50 multidisciplinary clinicians provide a full range of direct primary health care to approximately 18,000 patients, as well as to provide training to new family doctors and other health professionals. As a member of the healthcare team, this position provides clinical, clerical, and administrative support in a busy family practice office. This position will enhance the overall patient and staff experience by supporting a large number of busy health care providers. 
 Stonechurch Family Health Centre is seeking an individual with strong customer service and organizational skills to join its health care team; providing front line service to both patients and staff. The successful candidate will also provide clinical and administrative support to multiple Allied Health Staff in coordinating calendars, patient groups and speciality clinics. 
 Job Summary:  The Medical Secretary (II) is responsible for establishing priorities for office operations and performing a variety of secretarial and administrative duties within a clinical or medical practice setting. 
 Purpose and Key Functions: 
Prepare, coordinate, and monitor physician on-call schedules, procedure schedules, clinics, and medical staff rounds. 
Write a variety of documents including correspondence, reports and meeting minutes. 
Schedule patient medical appointments and procedures. 
Coordinate calendars, arrange meetings, book rooms and make travel arrangements. 
Resolve scheduling and calendar issues, complaints, and conflicts. 
Use a dictaphone to transcribe a variety of documents and reports including minutes, patient files, medical reports, and manuscripts. 
Monitor budgets and reconcile accounts. Complete financial forms including travel expense reports, electronic cheque requisitions, purchase orders and journal entries. 
Process and reconcile clinical and third party service billings. 
Greet visitors, answer or redirect general inquiries in person, by telephone and via email and respond independently to inquiries that are specific in nature and require a thorough knowledge of established policies and procedures. 
Interact with patients and their family members who may be experiencing emotional or difficult situations. 
Ensure patients understand all instructions given to them for tests and medical procedures. 
Gather and compile information required for a variety of grant submissions and reports. 
Facilitate the collection of signatures required on grant applications and agreements. 
Conduct database, literature and web searches to locate and retrieve documents and articles. 
Prepare and book exam rooms ensure all materials are stocked, stored, and organized accordingly. 
Set up and maintain filing systems, both electronic and hard copy. 
Update and maintain information in a variety of databases. 
Update and maintain confidential files and records. Handle sensitive material in accordance with established policies and procedures. 
File, retrieve, and purge files. 
Monitor and order office supplies. 
Attend meetings and take minutes. 
Assemble, collate, and disseminate mailings. 
Open and distribute incoming mail and faxes, and arrange courier shipments. 
Remain current with relevant medical terminology. 
 Requirements: 
2 year Community College diploma in Medical Office Administration or related field. 
Requires 3 years of relevant experience. 
 Additional Information: 
 The successful candidate must have: 
a minimum of three years' experience in a medical clinic, preferably family medicine 
Medical Terminology Certificate 1 and 2 or demonstrated knowledge or equivalent, which may be subject to testing 
evidence of successful experience in a customer service-oriented role within a clinical environment; and 
evidence of successful administrative experience working in an interdisciplinary team environment with multiple Allied Health professionals. 
knowledge of clinical equipment and supplies ordering 
ability to type 50wpm 
ability to generate and produce reports in Excel 
 Flexibility in schedule is necessary, as some early morning or evening shifts maybe required. 
 Preference will be given to candidates who embody our values:  Honouring and respecting ourselves and others, practicing creativity and courageous inquiry and action, and engaging one another with generous recognition of our interdependence. 
 Should the successful applicant be a Unifor Unit 1 bargaining unit member, who meets the eligibility conditions of Article 19.02 of the Unifor Unit 1 Collective Agreement, then the Limited Term Assignment will be defined as a Career Growth Opportunity in accordance with Article 19 of the Unifor Local 5555 Unit 1 Collective Agreement. 
 How To Apply 
 To apply for this job, please submit your application online. 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and within the lands protected by the “Dish With One Spoon” wampum agreement. 
 The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. 
 The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity and inclusion, who will contribute to the diversification of ideas and perspectives, and especially welcomes applications from indigenous (First Nations, Métis or Inuit) peoples, members of racialized communities, persons with disabilities, women, and persons who identify as 2SLGBTQ+. 
 As part of McMaster’s commitment, all applicants are invited to complete a confidential Applicant Diversity Survey through the online application submission process. The Survey questionnaire requests voluntary self-identification in relation to equity-seeking groups that have historically faced and continue to face barriers in employment. Please refer to the Applicant Diversity Survey - Statement of Collection for additional information. 
 Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact: 
 Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247), or 
Faculty of Health Sciences HR Office at ext. 22207, or 
School of Graduate Studies at ext. 23679 
 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
