Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Physiotherapist I 
 Alberta Health Services 
 __Stony Plain, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Your Opportunity: 
Please note, this facility provides Long Term Care (LTC) or Designated Supportive Living (DSL) services and by Order of the Chief Medical Officer of Health, many AHS employees are restricted to work only at a single LTC/DSL site for the remainder of the pandemic. Speak to the hiring manager who will confirm if, as the successful candidate in this position, you will be restricted to work at only one LTC/DLS site in Alberta. 
 Description: 
As a Physiotherapist I, you will be working both independently and in an interdisciplinary team providing a range of physiotherapy services to patients and families within the established standards, directives and policies for the work environment and the profession. You will provide guidance to other healthcare professionals and clinical direction to therapy assistants, support personnel and students. You will review clinical referrals, screening and assessing client needs from a physiotherapy perspective in collaboration with other health disciplines as appropriate. You will be developing, planning and implementing physiotherapy services in cooperation with other disciplines in the hospital and community, and establishing and maintaining effective communication with colleagues, medical staff, and health care practitioners concerning treatment plans, progress and discharge. You will be participating in client, family and caregiver education in collaboration with other disciplines, producing and maintaining information, documentation and verbal reports to support the delivery of physiotherapy services. You will maintain a practice knowledge base including knowledge specific to the defined service area, relevant services and resources and regulatory college standards and requirements. We are dedicated to supporting our Physiotherapists in becoming strong practitioners in their practice area and expanding their skillsets regardless of location. All our Physiotherapists have access to a list of experienced clinicians across the province and are able to tap into this resource via email, phone and virtual meetings. As our teams transition to our Provincial Electronic Medical Record (Connect Care) you will also be able to share patient information real time with these senior clinicians to assist you in providing high quality care. 
 Classification:  Physiotherapist I 
 Union:  HSAA Facility PROF/TECH 
 Department:  Westview HC Physio LTC 
 Primary Location:  Westview Health Centre 
 Multi-Site:  Not Applicable 
 FTE:  0.40 
 Posting End Date:  07-DEC-2020 
 Temporary Employee Class:  Temp Part Time 
 Date Available:  17-DEC-2020 
 Temporary End Date:  24-MAY-2021 
 Hours per Shift:  7.75 
 Length of Shift in weeks:  4 
 Shifts per cycle:  8 
 Shift Pattern:  Days 
 Days Off:  As Per Rotation 
 Minimum Salary:  $37.30 
 Maximum Salary:  $49.65 
 Vehicle Requirement:  Not Applicable 
 Required Qualifications: 
Completion of master's degree in Physiotherapy from an accredited university program or bachelor's degree in Physiotherapy from an accredited university program and related experience. Active or eligible registration and practice permit with Physiotherapy Alberta College + Association. 
 Additional Required Qualifications: 
As required. 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
As required. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
