Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Indoor Air Quality Technician (class 5 DL required) 
 Modern Purair Nanaimo 
 __Nanaimo, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Here at Modern PURAIR® we are looking for enthusiastic, customer focused people to join our Technician Team. We offer a competitive pay and benefits package, a fun, supportive work environment and thorough practical training. We are currently accepting resumes. Prior experience is not required but would be considered an asset. 
 In this role, you will be responsible for: 
 
 Driving one of our shiny, new Mercedes Sprinter Vans to customer locations at their homes or businesses for pre-scheduled appointments 
 Speaking with customers about the process 
 Using the PURAIR Vacuum and cleaning system to clean the heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC) system following PURAIR training and protocol 
 Using our iPad-based invoice and payment authorization system to process customer payments at the job site 
 Keeping your PURAIR Mercedes Sprinter Van properly stocked and ready for work 
 
 A successful candidate will: 
 
 Be physically able to do some heavy lifting, comfortable with heights, climbing ladders, and sometimes working in tight spaces 
 Have a positive, energetic personality 
 Be dedicated to exceptional customer service 
 Have a clean driver abstract and be able to pass a criminal background check 
 Be comfortable with sales 
 Be able to work unsupervised 
 Have good problem solving skills 
 Enjoy a supportive environment 
 Receive a competitive wage and benefit package 
 
 To apply for this role, please email your resume and cover letter with “Technician Team” in the subject line. 
 We thank all applicants for their interest. Due to the volume of applications received, only those qualified for an interview will be contacted. No phone calls, please. 
 Please note that this position is only available at our offices in Nanaimo, BC. 
 Licence: 
 Class 5 Driver's Licence (Required) 
 Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Permanent 
 Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Casual, Permanent 
 Experience: 
 
 Quality: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Education: 
 
 Secondary School (Preferred) 
 
 Location: 
 
 Nanaimo (Required) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 Class 5 Drivers License (Required) 
 
 Language: 
 
 English (Required) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
