Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Client Manager, Business Insurance 
 NFP Corp 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 About NFP 
 We are NFP, a four-time Best Places to Work award winner in Business Insurance for 2017 through 2020. We are a world-class, leading insurance broker and consultant that genuinely cares deeply about our employees' and clients' well-being. We're honest, hardworking, dedicated professionals who love what we do and strive to lead by example. Our expertise and scale are only matched by our passion for building lifelong personal relationships. 
 About the Role 
 As a Client Manager, you will provide best-in-class service on an assigned book of Business Insurance clients executing standard NFP client service deliverables. This includes, but is not limited to: 
 Providing extraordinary value to our clients by identifying exposures, determining the appropriate solutions to those exposures and advising the customer of why the solutions are the best fit for them. 
Generating revenue growth opportunities by identifying needs for additional lines of coverage, cross-selling internally to P&C, Group Benefits and Wealth Management departments and generating referrals for new opportunities. 
Be the lead in maintaining positive, long-term relationships with the clients, insurance carrier representatives and NFP staff. 
 Essential Duties and Responsibilities: 
Possess and maintain a positive mental attitude, including positive working relationships with clients and carrier personnel. 
Engage and utilize supporting service support teams per agency guidelines to effectively provide customer service deliverables in a quality and timely manner. 
Professional and prompt customer service including phone, email and walk-in inquiries on new and existing client accounts, including client questions on topics such as coverage, billing, reporting of claims, audits, etc. 
Effectively determine appropriate actions for all assigned account renewals 120-150 days prior to the effective date. 
Proactively initiate and execute account reviews with clients per agency guidelines and procedures. 
Independently execute seeking out alternative market solutions that enhance and provide value to new and existing accounts. 
Facilitate requests and needs of carriers on behalf of clients. 
Enter client/prospect data into our Agency Management System (Applied EPIC). 
Secure and prepare summaries of clients’ historical Loss Data. 
Use online carrier tools to develop quotations. 
Prepare pre-renewal information for client’s review and approval. 
Update client proposals. 
Process completed applications, including follow-up for documents required. 
Request policy changes as requested. 
Check Policies, Endorsements and Policy Audits for accuracy. 
Monitor the financial status of accounts, collect premiums and adhere to agency collection policies. 
Work on special projects as assigned at the direction of leadership. 
 Knowledge, Skills, and/or Abilities: 
Highly organized with exceptional verbal and written communication skills. 
Self-confident to make sound independent decisions. 
Able to work overtime as necessary. 
Ability to successfully interact with a variety of people and function well both in a team environment and autonomously. 
Ability to handle situations in a calm, courteous and professional manner 
Client-focused to establish and maintain effective relationships 
Ability to prioritize multiple tasks to meet deadlines 
Must be able to read, analyze and reconcile financial reports 
Possess strong analytical and problem-solving skills 
Sharp attention to detail with excellent decision-making skills 
Flexibility and adaptability to changing priorities, deadlines and technology. 
 Education and/or Experience: 
3+ years of commercial insurance experience in a brokerage environment is strongly preferred 
Expertise as a commercial account manager managing accounts that generate $25,000 and greater in premium. 
Major Market portal experience 
Excellent computer skills expected and EPIC fluency an asset 
Experience in Microsoft Office products, specifically Word, Excel and Outlook 
 Certificates, Licenses, Registration: 
RIBO License in good standing required 
Professional insurance designation preferred (such as CAIB, CIP, CRM, etc.) 
 Excellent benefits are offered:  competitive salary, group health and dental benefits, flexible leave days, group RRSP, social events, continuing education, etc. 
 NFP is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. We welcome and encourage applications from all qualified candidates. Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. 
 COVID-19 Update:  Please note in some locations we’ve activated work-from-home plans for our offices. Standard operating hours generally remain intact for offices in the remote environment. We continue to stand ready to serve the needs of our clients. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
