
 WorkPlace Diversity Network 
 The Source For Diversity Talent ™ 
 
 Home 
 About Us 
 Media Kit 
 __News Categories
 
 __Diversity Blog 
 __Education Blog 
 __LGBT Blog 
 __Hispanic/Latino Blog 
 __Disability Blog 
 __Veterans Blog 
 
 
 Diversity Job Boards 
 
 WorkplaceDiversity 
 Hispanic Diversity 
 Veterans Connect 
 Disability Connect 
 OutandEqual.com 
 All Diversity 
 
 
 Job Seekers 
 Contact Us 
 
 MENU CLOSE back 
 7 qualities to stand out when starting your first job 
 You are here: 
 
 Home 
 News 
 7 qualities to stand out when starting your first job 
 
 Of course, you would like to make a good first impression but things can still go wrong. This is why it can’t hurt to be aware of things to keep in mind when starting your new job. 
 Here are 7 tips to help you start your new job without a hitch: 
 Show up on time 
 Never show up late on your first day! This may sound obvious but you would be surprised how often it happens. It doesn't matter what kind of excuse you have, this is a classic example of making a bad first impression. 
 Being fifteen minutes early is no sin, instead it shows you're motivated and gives you time to ease into your new environment. Don’t plan to arrive right on time, only to get stuck in traffic on your first day of work. 
 Finally, make sure you have the contact details of your manager so you can give them a call in case something unpredictable does go wrong after all. 
 Leave at an appropriate time 
 Just like you're supposed to start at the same time as everyone else, it is advisable to not be the first person to leave the office when your day is done. 
 Your contract might say you're supposed to work until 6 pm. However, if all of your colleagues are still there when the clock strikes six, it might be better to get back into your chair. 
 Observe what is common and act on it. You don't have to be the one that turns off the lights, but being the first to leave on your first week of work is the other end of the spectrum. 
 Make notes 
 Your first day can be overwhelming. There are so many new things to learn and so many new people to remember. Additionally, you will get important new starter information i.e. a password for your computer, email login, telephone number, and security codes. 
 You won’t remember all the information you’re told which is why it is helpful to make a note of important things. It also shows interest from your side when you're writing things down. Make sure to list the names of team members and their responsibilities. 
 Using a pen and paper might sound old fashioned in the age of smartphones with tools such as Evernote and reminder apps, but constantly looking at your phone might give of the wrong signal, even if you're doing it with the best intensions. 
 Keep your phone in your pocket 
 There is no excuse for using your smartphone excessively on day one. Your phone might be your go-to tool every other day, but in meetings and briefings there is nothing worse than someone constantly checking their phone. 
 A lot of meetings on your first day might be planned solely to get you up to speed, and nothing shows more disinterest than someone with their eyes glued to a phone. 
 Dress appropriately 
 It sounds so simple but many people dress inappropriately on their first day. You want to be a perfect fit within your team. Before starting a new job, always make sure you are aware of the dress code in the office. 
 If you have doubts, ask your manager or the HR department. It's not an uncommon question, and you shouldn't be afraid of asking it when you are signing your contract or even during your interview. 
 Show enthusiasm 
 In order to make a good impression during your first week, you need to show interest and ask a lot of questions. Be proactive and show enthusiasm, this sets the tone for what your colleagues can expect from you and what they will remember you for. 
 Say Yes 
 Most managers will want to ease you into your role. This is why not every task you receive on your first day might seem all that exciting or interesting. But remember, you are just starting and maybe your manager wants to test you before he or she throws you into the deep end. 
 Good luck with putting these points into action and good luck with your new job! 
 Source:  sthreecareers.com 
 September 18, 2018 By Coordinator News 
 5 Things You Should Never Say to Your Boss How I Rebooted My Career After Getting Fired -- Twice 
 Related posts 
 
 How Much Money Does It Take to Be Happy? 
June 27, 2020 
 
 4 Reasons Why Open Concept Floor Plans Are Awesome 
June 24, 2020 
 
 10 Simple Signs You're in a Happy Work Environment 
June 23, 2020 
 Diversity Blog Feed: Latest 
 
 
 How Much Money Does It Take to Be Happy? 
June 27, 2020 
 
 
 4 Reasons Why Open Concept Floor Plans Are Awesome 
June 24, 2020 
 
 
 10 Simple Signs You're in a Happy Work Environment 
June 23, 2020 
 
 
 © Copyright 2014 WorkPlace Diversity Network | All Rights Reserved 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 Disclaimers 
 Terms of Use 
 
 Privacy PolicyDisclaimersTerms of UseFooter 
