  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Exeter, England 
 Rate:  Up to £11.77 per hour 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Housing Worker 
 One of the largest housing associations in Devon is currently recruiting for a Part Time Housing Worker to join one of their large, independent living housing schemes in Exeter, for 18.75 hours a week, for the next 4 weeks. 
 The Service 
This Housing Worker role is based within a large, independent living housing scheme which aims to offer a safe and stable environment where tenants can be offered guidance on how to successfully manage their tenancies. 
There are 64 flats and bedsits; two of these flats have two bedrooms. 
 Therefore, there are 66 units of accommodation. 
The service provides short term accommodation of up to two years for people in order to prevent homelessness adapting the housing first approach and supports clients who have achieved a level of being able to live independently to progress onto further independent accommodation. 
 The Role 
The focus of this Housing Worker role is to provide a service that will achieve key intensive housing management functions, ensure good operational performance and ensure successful move on for tenants/licencees. 
This will include the following tasks and responsibilities: 
, Ensure residents and applicants are well informed so that they can communicate their needs and views and make informed choices. 
, Ensure residents are consulted about the services provided and are offered opportunities to be involved in their running. 
, Be responsible for the delivery of housing management services and the safe running of the service on a day to day basis. 
, Maximise rent and service charge income by ensuring that losses through arrears and voids are minimised through effective arrears recovery and void management. 
, Liaise with the Services Manager and work closely with the local authority and other partners ensuring appropriate referrals are made and that the service has a referral process and eligibility criteria in place. 
 Manage the waiting list for accommodation and establish applicants' priority for accommodation according to agreed criteria 
, Ensure that residents receive appropriate support, encouragement and advice according to their individual needs to enable them to settle into or maintain their accommodation. 
, Take a proactive approach to the prevention of ASB including effective partnership working. 
, Take effective and timely action in respect of breaches of occupancy agreements in line with policy. 
 Target support for residents who are failing to comply with their occupancy agreements. 
 The Candidate 
To be considered for this Housing Worker role, you will require previous housing management experience, ideally within a supported housing setting. 
Due to the vulnerable nature of the service users you will be working with, you will require an Enhanced DBS and having one on the update service will be beneficial to your application 
 The Contract 
This is a part time Housing Worker, working 18.75 hours per week, across 3 days, on an initial 4 week contract. 
 The role could potentially be extended. 
If you are interested in this position and meet the above criteria, please send you CV now for consideration. 
 Referral Bonus 
If this Housing Worker role is not suitable for yourself, but you know someone who may be interested, please pass on their details, or forward these details to them. 
If they are successful in applying, you will receive a £250 referral bonus upon completion of an initial probationary period. 
 
 
 Start:  11/1/21 
 
 
 Duration:  4 weeks 
 
 
 Rate:  Up to £11.77 per hour 
 
 
 Location:  Exeter, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Property 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208966 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2021-01-06 17:00:47 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Police Staff Investigator (PIP Level 2) 
 Community Support Worker 
 Mental Health Nurse RMN 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Electrical Surveyor 
 Building Surveyor 
 Fire Risk Assessor 
 Fire Protection Officer 
 NHS Recruitment Admnistrator 
 Administrator 
 Support Worker - Vulnerable Adults 
 Social worker 
 Personal Advisor 
 Adoption Lead 
 Social worker 
 Bricklayer 
 Carpenter 
 Community Recovery Worker 
 Drug and Alcohol Worker  
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
