Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Accounting Associate, (CUPE) Finance - Full-time, Markham Site 
 Markham Stouffville Hospital 
 __Markham, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Who we are: 
Markham Stouffville Hospital (MSH) is one of Ontario’s leading community hospitals. Across our two sites (Markham and Uxbridge) and Reactivation Care Centre (RCC), we provide high quality, patient-centred care to more than 435,000 patients each year. We offer diagnostic and emergency services and deliver clinical programs in acute care medicine and surgery, addictions and mental health, and childbirth and children’s services. We are also proud to be part of the Eastern York Region North Durham Ontario Health Team (OHT). 
 Our 526 physicians, 28 midwives, 2,400 staff and 1,000 volunteers serve patients and families with an honoured to care mindset and are focused on delivering an extraordinary patient experience to the residents of Markham, Whitchurch-Stouffville, Uxbridge and beyond.. We are dedicated to providing access to the right care, at the right time, in the right place by the right people and at the right cost. Are you ready to join us? 
 Who you are: 
You are an innovative and patient centered individual who provides excellence within their profession 
 You are a team player with excellent communication, critical thinking and customer service skills 
 You have vision, flexibility, transparency, honesty and practicality 
 You are organized, accurate, able to multi task and meet deadlines 
 You support the patient experience, your colleagues and others cultural and spiritual beliefs 
 What we need: 
We are looking for an energetic individual to join this fast paced and busy department and to be part of the dynamic team of Finance. 
 Primary responsibilities will include: 
Performing Accounts Payable and Account Receivable / patient billing related activities 
Generating cost recovery invoices and follow up for collection of payments 
General ledger account reconciliations including Cash, Accounts Receivable, Accounts Payable and other liability accounts 
Preparing bank reconciliations for all bank accounts monthly 
Preparing and submitting monthly HST government filings 
Compiling and inputting monthly journal entries 
Providing ongoing assistance and support during the annual audit 
Interacting with all areas in Finance to look for ways to streamline processes and improve quality of work performed 
Other specific tasks/ projects as assigned 
 Compensation: 
Ranges from $23.90 – 26.89 per hour. 
 What you bring to MSH: 
Completion of college diploma/ university degree with an accounting related program 
1-2 years’ experience in a finance setting, publically funded /healthcare preferred. 
Working knowledge of Meditech/GreatPlain and G/L modules is a definite asset 
Proficiency in data entry is required 
High proficiency in managing Microsoft office application, particularly Word and Excel 
Well developed communication, organizational and prioritizing skills 
Ability to work well independently, with minimal supervision, and as part of a team 
Must demonstrate high initiative and efficiency with high attention to detail 
Demonstrated good attendance record with the ability to maintain this same standard 
Demonstrated commitment to a safe environment for staff, patients and families by working in compliance with the Occupational Health & Safety Act and related Hospital policies. 
 Markham Stouffville Hospital takes pride in serving some of Canada’s most diverse communities. We are committed to fostering an environment of equity and inclusivity where every person can work and receive care safely, openly and honestly. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, colour, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, nation of origin, genetics, disability, age, veteran status, marital or family status, belief system, or other factors related to one’s personal identity and/or values. Furthermore, Markham Stouffville Hospital is committed to meeting the needs of all individuals in accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA) and the Ontario Human Rights Code. Should you require accommodations during the recruitment and selection process, please contact Human Resources. 
 Required Skills 
 Required Experience 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
