
  Deutsch German de 
  English English en 
 
 Hotline: +49 7432 98375-0 | Mail: info@vizaar.com 
 
 
 Home 
 Visual Inspection Systems 
 
 Videoscopes 
 
 VUMAN E3/E3+ 
 VUCAM series 
 VISIO 
 UVin 
 VUFLEX 
 
 
 Tank and Pipe Inspection Cameras 
 
 SNK 60x 
 Revolver 80 
 
 
 Conventional Industrial Borescopes 
 
 Borescopes 
 Fiberscopes 
 Endoscope Illumination 
 
 
 Retrieval Tools 
 
 Motorized Retrieval Tools 
 
 
 Documentation Systems 
 
 Matrix E3 
 VUVISION 
 
 
 Test Station 
 Endoscope Accessories 
 
 Optic Adapters 
 Inspection Accessories Kits 
 Guide Tubes 
 Endoscope Illumination 
 
 
 UAV Drones 
 
 Indoor Drones 
 Outdoor Drones 
 
 
 Used inspection systems 
 Customized Inspection Solutions 
 
 
 Services 
 
 Non-Destructive Testing 
 Foreign Object Retrieval 
 Product Repair 
 Product Trainings and Seminars 
 Emergency NDT Services 
 Rental Systems for RVI 
 
 
 Visual Testing 
 
 Visual Testing with Video Endoscopes 
 Visual Testing with Tank and Pipe Cameras 
 Visual Inspection with Optical Endoscopes 
 Visual Testing with Unmanned Aerial Vehicles 
 
 UAV Testing on PV and Solar Plants 
 UAV Testing of Industrial Plants 
 UAV Inspections of Power Lines 
 Rotor Blade Inspection with Unmanned Aerial Vehicles 
 Building Inspection with UAVs 
 
 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 About us 
 viZaar Germany 
 viZaar Worldwide 
 
 
 Search 
 Menu  Menu 
 
 Career 
 You are here:  Home 1 / Career 
 
 
 
 CAREER AT VIZAAR 
 Your career at viZaar 
 viZaar has appointed many new employees every year since its establishment in 1997. Today we are a healthy team with energetic and experienced professionals waiting with curiosity for your application. An unusual free working environment will give free rein to your commitment to fullfil the tasks of our customers with full concentration. 
 All the below mentioned positions should be filled within a reasonable time but we want to fill the right position with the best qualified person. This is an important process with long-term consequences for our company and our customers. Beside sometimes insignificant certificates, references documents we attach the greatest importance to you as a person, to your goals and to your past. Tell us about you: You can send your complete written application and supporting documentats via e-mail: bewerbung@vizaar.com 
 Our current vacancies 
 Albstadt 
 Due to the current situation, we are not actively recruiting at the moment. 
 Right now, we are offering the following vacancies: 
 Software Developer 
 Rhein-Main 
 Due to the current situation, we are not actively recruiting at the moment. 
 Contact 
 Do you have any questions regarding our current vacancies or unsolicited applications? Contact us via e-mail at bewerbung@vizaar.com or directly via the contact form below.We are looking forward to your application at viZaar! 
 Name * 
 E-Mail * 
 Phone 
 Country * 
 Message * 
 This site is protected by reCAPTCHA and the Google  Privacy Policy  and  Terms of Service  apply. 
 I agree to the terms and conditions laid out in the  Privacy Policy  * 
 This contact form is deactivated because you refused to accept Google reCaptcha service which is necessary to validate any messages sent by the form. 
 Inhalt 
 About us 
 viZaar industrial imaging AG 
Hechinger Str. 152 
72461 Albstadt 
Tel.: +49 7432 983750 
 Imprint  |  Privacy policy 
       
 News 
 
   SNK 60x - As mobile as never before9. June 2020 - 16:01 
   VUCAM 4 mm with 6.6 m length! 25. April 2020 - 16:28 
   Down to 6 mm Ø up to 30 m length! 28. July 2019 - 15:37 
   The new VUCAM D 8. July 2019 - 08:22 
   ELIOS 2 - Indoordrohne 2.030. April 2019 - 12:49 
 
 Career 
 Our current vacancies 
 Newsletter 
 
 E-Mail* 
 I agree that my personal data may be processed for advertising purposes and that I may be contacted by e-mail for advertising purposes. I can revoke the given consent at any time in any reasonable form. 
 
 
 Certifications 
 
 © Copyright viZaar AG 
 
 About us 
 Media 
 Career 
 
 Scroll to top
 [ ]: required 
