  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Uxbridge, England 
 Rate:  £80000 - £90000 per annum + £6.7K Car Allowance + 15% bonus 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 Principal Software Engineer 
 Our Tech Stack 
On the Client-Side: Vanilla JavaScript / ECMAScript (ES5+), AngularJS / Angular, React / React Native, Flow or TypeScript. 
 CSS3 with LESS/SASS & HTML5 
 On the Server-Side: Java 8 with AspectJ & Maven, Spring Framework including AOP, Boot, Cloud, JDBC, MVC, Security. 
 Relational databases such as PostgreSQL, Oracle & Amazon RDS. 
 Message brokers including ActiveMQ, RabbitMQ or Amazon SNS/SQS. 
 PHP with Zend. 
Continuous Integration with Jenkins, Test-Driven Development with Chai, JUnit, Karma, Mocha, & Sinon, Behaviour-Driven Development with Cucumber / Protractor, Agile Software Development and practical experience of Extreme Programming, Kanban & Scrum 
 Candidates with any of the following skills will be strongly preferred: Amazon Web Services, Docker, Kubernetes, Hazelcast, Hystrix, OpenShift, Redis, Zuul 
 Key Skills & Experience 
Ideally you'll possess a computer science degree or comparable real-world experience and have previously been employed in a technical leadership role with line management responsibilities. 
 We are looking to hire an experienced Principal Software Engineer to maintain and upgrade all existing software. 
 The Principal Software Engineer's responsibilities include recommending adjustments to resolve software issues, improving the functionality of existing software, and ensuring that the design, application, and maintenance of software meets the quality standards of the company. 
 You should also be able to mentor, guide and train other engineers. 
 To be successful as a Principal Software Engineer, you should be able to evaluate the user's needs, time limitations and system limitations when developing software. 
 A stand-out Principal Software Engineer is one who is up to date on new technologies and software development practices. 
 Principal Software Engineer Responsibilities: 
Designing, coding, and debugging software. 
Improving the performance of existing software. 
Providing training to other engineers. 
Maintaining and upgrading existing software. 
Recommending new technologies that can help increase productivity. 
Supervising and overseeing the technical aspects of projects. 
Investigating software-related complaints and making necessary adjustments to ensure optimal software performance. 
Regularly attending team meetings to discuss projects, brainstorm ideas, and put forward solutions to any issues. 
Principal Software Engineer Requirements: 
 Strong analytical skills. 
Excellent communication and people skills. 
Excellent organizational and leadership skills 
Proven experience in high-level programming languages, like Java. 
Proven experience in software development methodologies. 
Proven experience building complex web systems. 
The ability to multi-task. 
 This Principal Software Engineer position is based in Uxbridge and pays c£80-90K + £6.7K Car Allowance + 15% Bonus, depending on relevant experience. 
 Of course remote working is available. 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  12 months 
 
 
 Rate:  £80000 - £90000 per annum + £6.7K Car Allowance + 15% bonus 
 
 
 Location:  Uxbridge, England 
 
 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 
 Industry:  IT 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Definitive 
 
 
 Tel:  01895 457 455 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-11-06 00:24:56 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Definitive  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Definitive 
 
 DevOps Engineer 
 Site Reliability Engineer - SRE 
 Senior Java Software Engineer  
 Tech Lead 
 Data Engineering Tech Lead 
 Data Engineering Tech Lead 
 DevOps Engineer 
 Java Software Engineer 
 Junior Data Engineer 
 Tech Lead 
 Data Engineering Tech Lead 
 Data Engineer 
 Data Engineer Team Lead 
 Data Scientist 
 Senior Java Developer 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
