  
   
 Ms Resume Help 
 Helping you move forward in your career! 
 Menu 
 Widgets 
 Search 
 Skip to content 
 
 About 
 
 Resume Services 
 Coaching Services 
 Other Services 
 Contact Me 
 
 
 30 Ways to Kick Your Career Into High Gear 
 3 Tips on Turning Black Friday Into Job Search Gold! 
 13 Winning Tips when Applying for an Internal Job 
 You Created a LinkedIn Profile, Now What? 
 How to Ace Your Face-to-Face Interview (Show Notes) 
 How to Rock Your Phone Interview (show notes) 
 How to Calculate Your Asking Salary (Show Notes) 
 Temporary Work: Your Bridge to a New Job (Show Notes) 
 Career Talk with Holly Bunn: You've been laid off, now what? (Show Notes) 
 9 Reasons Why Recruiters May Ignore You on LinkedIn 
 You Are What You Achieve! Why You Should Use an Accomplishment Based Resume. 
 How to Handle an Interview If You've Been Fired. 
 
 Get Resume Help On Facebook 
 
 Get Resume Help On Facebook 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 Check out my latest article: 2 Resume Myths, 1 Job Search Tip   linkedin.com/pulse/2-resume…  via @ LinkedIn   5 months ago 
 The best recommendation is a referral. Thank you clients and prospects for recommending my executive resume writin…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   9 months ago 
 
 Follow @msresumehelp 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow Ms. Resume Help and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 990 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Books to Read 
 
 
 
 
 Book of the Month 
 
 Search for: 
 30 Ways to Kick Your Career Into High Gear 
 February 1, 2016 Holly Bunn 
 Everyone should have career goals but not everyone formulates an effective plan (if any plan at all). The New Year is a good time to reflect on your career goals and plan for the future. After all, the only person responsible for your success is you. If you wait until an annual review or when you suddenly need a new job to take stock of your accomplishments, polish up a skill set, or make networking connections, you put avoidable pressure on yourself and make it that much harder. Working on your career and yourself throughout the year is being a good steward of your success and will pay off in the end. 
 Here is a comprehensive list of ways to kick start your career today and throughout the year. 
 
 Update your resume  - This should be done at least once per year. Here is a post I've written on accomplishment based resumes to get you started.  http://bit.ly/1Qq31TR 
 Update your LinkedIn Profile  - A stale or unfinished profile is a dead profile. Read more on why you should update and/or finish your profile  http://bit.ly/1NL8bVT . 
 Update your internal company profile (most people forget this)  - Companies often look internally before they post externally. If your profile is unfinished or blank you could miss an opportunity. 
 Learn a new skill set/take a class  (skill sets renew every 5 years) -  www.Lynda.com  is a great way to learn a new skill at a low cost. The bonus is you can add finished courses it to your LinkedIn profile. 
 Finish your degree, certification, and/or training  - you are worth the investment, your future success depends on it. 
 Set personal career goals  - “If you fail to plan, you are planning to fail!” - Benjamin Franklin 
 Read and finish a book related to your career or skill set  - Knowledge is power. The more you know the stronger your position among your competition. 
 Write a book  - sharing is caring. Great ideas should be recorded for posterity. What better way to establish yourself as a thought leader than to write a book? Here is an easy way to get started  http://goinswriter.com/tips-writing-book/ . 
 Take a vacation (without kids  ) - Vacations reduce stress and offer a time of revitalization. 
 Volunteer  - According to  Psychology today , Volunteering in your current career industry—or an area you’d like to transition into—is an especially effective way to leverage social connections for career gain. 
 **Do someone a five minute favor each day - **paying it forward brings good Karma and builds character. Learn more about the art of the five minute favor here:  http://bit.ly/1Qq3Bkq 
 Find a career mentor  - surround yourself with successful people. 
 Be a career mentor  - When you share your knowledge with someone with less experience, you can change the world for them. 
 Stop procrastinating today  - your future self will thank you this time next year. 
 Implement your plans start to finish  - your future self will thank you this time next year. 
 Keep your word  - A kept word creates integrity, reliability, respect, and trust. People often do business with whom they trust. 
 Find an accountability partner  - This person will keep you honest and hold you accountable for achieving your goals (or kick you in the rear if you need it). They can also be your biggest cheerleader. 
 Be an accountability partner  - Being a career big brother/sister to someone with less experience than you is a great way to pass on the knowledge. 
 Save money for retirement   now  (IRA, Annuity, 401K, etc) - Social Security will not be enough. 
 Expand your network on and offline  - Facebook friends don't count. Start with LinkedIn. 
 Listen more, talk less 
 Under promise, over deliver 
 S  end thank you notes or email 
 Invest in one good high quality suit  - dress for the position you seek. Here's my Pinterest page for inspiration  http://bit.ly/1Qq3ZQ1 
 Invest in one good high quality pair of shoes only for interviews and business  - nothing kills a great outfit faster than a run down or low quality shoe. 
 Create a budget and stick to it  - living outside of your means can kill your future dreams. 
 Create an online profile  - your personal brand is your message when you can't speak. Take control of the message by driving people to your personal profile. Start with a profile here :  http://about.me 
 Start a blog  - A blog is a great way to establish thought leadership and can be a precursor to a book. 
 Create personal business cards  - when personal networking, your employer's card may not always be appropriate to give out to personal connections. Great cards start here:  www.moo.com 
 Have a plan B  - be prepared in case of emergency. 
 
 Join the conversation!  Join the LinkedIn Group, " Career Talk with Holly Bunn " to post your questions, get answers to your career questions, show updates, and other career related information. 
 Want more job search and career tips?  Join the mailing list:  http://bit.ly/msresumehelptips 
 Visit my   blog   for more articles like this one:   https://msresumehelp.wordpress.com 
 Career Talk with Holly Bunn Online Radio Show  , Click here:  Ms Resume Help BlogTalk Radio Show  (Home) 
 Holly Bunn  is a  career coach, resume writer, LinkedIn profile writer, and motivational speaker  with more than 15 years of experience in Human Resources, recruiting, and technology. She is sought out as a subject matter expert on resumes, LinkedIn, job search, and career management. Holly has delivered job search workshops and written resumes for hundreds of job seekers who have secured interviews and landed jobs. Her clients experience success almost immediately after applying her winning techniques. For more information on career coaching or resume help, contact Holly at (305) 791-6965 or holly@msresumehelp.com. 
 Share this: 
 
 LinkedIn 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 Pinterest 
 Email 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Post navigation 
 <- 
 -> 
 One thought on "30 Ways to Kick Your Career Into High Gear" 
 
 Pingback:  Do it Now! Your Future Self Will Thank You. | Ms Resume Help 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
