CORONAVIRUS UPDATE: New Job Opportunities  |  Local Talent  |  Training & Higher Education  |  Employer Workforce Support 
   
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
 
 Toggle navigation 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Find A Job **** 
 
 Current Jobs 
 Hospitality Jobs 
 Education / Training 
 Internships 
 Employer Directory 
 
 
 
 Post A Job 
 
 
 Search For Talent 
 
 
 Workforce Resources **** 
 
 Events Calendar 
 Training & Higher Education 
 Job Resources 
 Leadership Development Programs 
 Networking Resources 
 News 
 Employer Workforce Support 
 Young Professional Organizations 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Oh snap! 
 This form seems to be invalid :( 
 Yay! 
 Everything seems to be ok :) 
   
 Property Manager 
 [ 
 1st Lake Properties, Inc. 
 ](/employer/view/76170) 
 Posted 06/17/2020 
 Job Expired 
 DETAILS 
 __ Jefferson 
 __ Full-Time 
 __ Manager 
 __ Real Estate 
 __ Other Sales and Related Workers 
 __ Benefits not specified 
 SKILLS 
 AMSI Property Management 
 Leasing 
 LRO 
 Go to External Site Application 
 About 1st Lake Properties, Inc. 
 1st Lake Properties employs a comprehensive approach to multifamily development through its own architectural, construction, and property management companies. From selecting desirable locations around the New Orleans area, to building with high-quality construction materials, 1st Lake Properties ensures complete control over all phases of design, development, operation, and maintenance.   Specializing in higher quality properties in Louisiana and Mississippi, 1st Lake Properties multifamily communities are operated under the 1st Lake Properties management division.   1st Lake Properties, Inc. ("1st Lake") is the property management affiliate. At 1st Lake, our first and foremost goal is: "To provide an ideal living experience for our residents through exceptional customer service and a commitment to the highest standards of quality".   With this approach, 1st Lake has become synonymous with premier apartment living earning a reputation as the leader in multifamily communities in the New Orleans market.   1st Lake employs approximately 275 people to oversee the daily activities associated with property management. Most of its on-site apartment managers are Certified Apartment Managers (CAM), or candidates currently pursuing this National Apartment Association designation.   In addition to its on-site personnel, 1st Lake has a Property Supervisor and a staff of maintenance personnel possessing expertise in every aspect of property maintenance. Twenty-four hour maintenance is available for emergencies.   1st Lake Corporates, Inc. is the corporate housing division specializing in temporary, furnished apartments for extended stays of 90 days or more. Our corporate housing division will assist in locating the corporate residence or short term housing that will fit the needs of the client.   Who We Are  1st Lake Properties, Inc. and its affiliated companies are the largest developer and manager of multifamily communities in the state of Louisiana. Since our inception in 1970, we have designed, developed, acquired, and managed over 8,500 apartment units, as well as a number of suburban office buildings, neighborhood retail centers, warehouses, and self-storage projects. We have recently purchased apartment properties in Baton Rouge, Slidell, and Mandeville Louisiana, and in Ridgeland (Jackson) and Picayune, Mississippi, and plan to expand throughout the Gulf South. We are a complete real estate development company with our own architectural, construction, and property management companies, and we utilize a comprehensive approach towards multifamily development which ensures complete control over all phases of design, development, operation, management, and maintenance.   Specializing in higher quality properties around the New Orleans, Baton Rouge and Jackson, Mississippi areas, 1st Lake Properties residential communities are characterized by:  • Thoughtful site selection.  • Meticulous construction supervision.  • Unique design.  • Lavish landscaping.  • Superior amenities.  • Stellar property maintenance  • Exceptional resident service.   We’re Big Enough – But Not Too Big  With 61 properties in our portfolio, we’re the largest developer and manager of apartment communities in Louisiana, with the experience and resources to exceed your expectations. Most of our apartment properties are located right here in suburban New Orleans, so you can rest assured that we’re here every day – taking care of the small details that make living in the New Orleans area wonderful and unique.   We Live Here Too  Managing and maintaining a large real estate portfolio requires a great deal of time, attention to detail and hard work. Even the most obvious details can be easily overlooked, especially if your properties are spread out over wide areas. We live and work in the New Orleans area near our apartment properties. You can count on our long-term commitment. We are here to stay.   We Build What We Lease  The overwhelming majority of our properties were designed by us, and built under our direct supervision. We build and maintain our properties to the very highest standards, because we don't sell them. We know we will own them indefinitely. As a result, we understand our properties from the ground up, as only the original builder can.   We’re Professionals  We’re proud to be members of the Chamber, the National Apartment Association, the Apartment Association of Greater New Orleans, Inc., the Multi-Family Council of Greater New Orleans and the National Association of Homebuilders. All of our General Managers hold the Certified Apartment Manager or Certified Apartment Property Supervisor designation from the National Apartment Association. Our principals have all held leadership positions in these industry organizations through two generations of participation.   Commercial Property  In addition to its main business – the development and management of apartments – 1st Lake’s affiliate companies, including  Preferred Realty Inc.,  develop and manage commercial, office, and self storage properties around the New Orleans area. 
 
 To learn more about the employer visit their  profile . 
 CONTACT 
 2616 Georgia Ave. 
 Kenner, LA, 70062 
 _ _ www.1stlake.com 
 SIMILAR JOBS 
 There are no similar jobs in the system. 
 For Seekers 
 
 
 Current Jobs 
 Hospitality Jobs 
 Internships 
 Employers 
 Training & Higher Education 
 Job Resources 
 Leadership Development Programs 
 Networking Resources 
 Young Professional Organizations 
 
 For Employers 
 
 
 Post A Job 
 Talent Directory 
 
 Other 
 
 
 About Us 
 News 
 Events Calendar 
 FAQ 
 Contact Us 
 Terms of Use 
 
 Follow Us 
 
 
 Product of GNO Inc. 
 Greater New Orleans, Inc. is a regional economic development alliance serving the 10-parish region of Southeast Louisiana. 
 Partners 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
