
 Home 
 Legal 
 Sitemap 
 
 _Like Liveops, Working Solutions functions as a flexible call center. They work with some of the biggest companies in their respective industries, including Hotels.com, Sylvan Learning, Microsoft, T-Mobile, Michael’s, and StubHub. The company is based in Dallas, Texas, and began operations in 1996. They employ home-based workers in sales, service, and technical support throughout the US and Canada. Work From Home Jobs  _ 
Nowadays, people are going online to find experts at things they themselves may be struglging with. A growing trend is hiring an expert versus hiring a large company to come in and help fix problems. One resource is Catalant, which hires out experts from $15 an hour to $280 an hour. That's one option if you're looking to help others with your knowledge.  Work From Home 
**Software developers create the applications or systems that run on a computer or another device. They apply the principles of engineering, analytics and computer science to develop and test all kinds of software and applications. Many software developers are employed by firms that deal in computer systems design and related services, manufacturing, or for software publishers. Work From Home  ** 
Telehealth had been growing in popularity before the coronavirus hit the U.S. and has gotten an extra boost in demand as the health care system has been inundated with COVID-19 patients. Some employers are looking to hire full-time telehealth nurses to answer questions specifically about COVID-19 and help manage the current health care crisis from the safety of their own homes. Other opportunities are available for part-timers. Just be sure to check on licensing requirements. For example, the telemedicine nurse practitioner position with Forward requires a license in California, New York or Washington, D.C. (Bonus points for applicants licensed to practice in more than one of those places.)  Work At Home Jobs 
As is typically the case with remote positions, you will need to have a dedicated workspace in your home, and a PC with a high-speed Internet connection. You may also need to purchase specific equipment, which could include a headset, flash drive, or a dual monitor. You must also be a “people person”, and will be required to be available seven days a week.  Work From Home Jobs 
 These workers translate the written or the spoken word, depending on the position. At CyraCom (which is currently seeking Swahili interpreters), you'd staff the phones and assist people communicating with doctors, insurance agents and even 9-1-1 operators. Translate.com offers work on a gig-by-gig basis, which can give you more flexibility. Just note that all gigs are first come, first served and can pay less than a penny per word. 
 Get paid to share your opinions. While it's not exactly a job, participating in surveys and focus groups can be an easy way to pick up a bit of extra cash — in some cases, a very little bit. Pay for some surveys can amount to as little as $1 an hour, according to SideHusl, a website that vets opportunities to make money on the side. But other opportunities can be more lucrative: Current offerings on FindFocusGroups.com and focusgroup.com pay $25 to $275 and $50 to $180 a pop, respectively.  Work From Home 
 “There are two strategies that work extremely well for me when working from home,” advises Morgan Ranstrom, a Certified Financial Planner at Trailhead Planners in Minneapolis. “First, when I work from home I still 'get ready.' I shower and I put on business casual attire. This helps me get in the mindset of "I'm going to work". Second, time blocking is a savior when working from home. There are countless ways to distract yourself when you're at home – the laundry, washing the dishes, walking the dog. Don't fall for it.”  Work At Home 
That puts contact tracers in high demand. In fact, a recent report from Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health estimates that the nation needs about 100,000 new contact tracers to help manage the COVID-19 outbreak. But you can still expect the competition to be fierce for this remote position. Education and work experience requirements vary by employer, but the CDC’s job posting specifies that at least a high school diploma is required, and a bachelor’s degree is preferred. Otherwise, the major requirements include strong communication abilities — you’ll spend most of your time on the phone closely following a script — computer skills and empathy. Being multilingual may help boost your chances of getting hired. Training is provided. (Even if you’re not planning to be a contact tracer, you can take a free online six-hour training course developed by Johns Hopkins, just to learn more about COVID-19.)  Work From Home Jobs 
 Appen is a technology services company based in Australia. However, they have offices in the US and the United Kingdom as well, and provide opportunities in 130 countries around the world. The company works with some of the biggest companies in the world, including eight of the 10 top technology companies. It supports more than 1 million contractors around the world.
 
 Get paid to share your opinions. While it's not exactly a job, participating in surveys and focus groups can be an easy way to pick up a bit of extra cash — in some cases, a very little bit. Pay for some surveys can amount to as little as $1 an hour, according to SideHusl, a website that vets opportunities to make money on the side. But other opportunities can be more lucrative: Current offerings on FindFocusGroups.com and focusgroup.com pay $25 to $275 and $50 to $180 a pop, respectively. 
The salesman didn't die; he's just working from home. Companies across a range of industries, from financial to tech to health care, are looking for star salespeople with various levels of experience (and a license to sell, if necessary) to push their products and services from a remote location. Some higher-level positions may even manage a sales team. Many of the opportunities may require some travel once COVID-19 restrictions are lifted.  Work From Home Jobs 
 × 
 
 Work From Home Jobs  Contact us at webmaster@workatwca.com |  Sitemap txt  |  Sitemap 
