[ 
 Workersonboard 
 ](https://www.workersonboard.com/ "Workersonboard") 
 Toggle Navigation 
 
 Home  
 
 W@H Community 
 Help 
 Site Directory 
 
 
 Get Paid Online  
 
 Extra Cash 
 Focus Groups 
 Freelance Gigs 
 Mystery Shop 
 Paid Surveys 
 Sell your Stuff 
 Smartphone Apps 
 
 
 Work at Home Jobs  
 
 Work at Home Equipment 
 Non Phone Work at home Jobs 
 Late Night Work at home Jobs 
 WAH Jobs No Experience 
 Work at home Companies 
 W@H Jobs you can Live On 
 Work at home Weekly Pay 
 WAH Jobs for Teens 
 W@H Jobs No Landline 
 Worldwide WAH Jobs 
 Work at Home Scams 
 Work at home Websites 
 Resume 
 
 
 Weekly Jobs  
 
 Typing Test 
 Friday Freebie 
 My W@H Course 
 W@H Book 
 
 
 Remote T  
 
 Accounting 
 Appointment Setters 
 Data Entry 
 Editing 
 Transcription 
 Tutor 
 Write Online  
 
 Writing Gigs 
 Freelance Writing 
 Write for Greeting Cards 
 
 
 
 
 Blogging  
 
 Blogging Course 
 How to Start a Blog 
 Build a Blog/Website 
 Get a Blog 
 Monetize Your Blog 
 
 
 Free  
 
 Free Instant Gift Cards 
 Free Cash to Search Online 
 Free Blog 
 
 
 About  
 
 Advertise 
 Contact Me 
 Video Library 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 Work from Home Teaching Jobs that Pay Well 
 Published by  aw1219  on November 14, 2019November 14, 2019 
 We may earn money or products from some of the companies mentioned in this post. 
 If you are looking for a  work from home  job that is high demand but allows you to choose and work your own hours and does not require you to talk on the phone…try Teaching/Tutoring. Work from home teaching jobs has become a very popular way in recent years to earn full-time or supplemental pay. If you are already a teacher, have experience homeschooling or mentoring others, this could be a great opportunity for you. 
 In this article, I will go over a few different companies that are currently seeking educators or those who excel in various subjects and give you the breakdown on how they work, whey they are a great option for someone with teaching or tutoring experience, and an idea of how much money you might make doing this for a living. Please keep in mind that these companies are willing to pay you good money to do this online and even pay you more to work during certain hours as well as on the weekends. 
 VIPKid 
 The first company I will review is VIPKid. VIPKid currently needs thousands of work from home teachers and will pay up to $22 per hour. This is a company based out of China and has an online platform where they pair Chinese students ages 4-12 with English speaking teachers who can teach them basic English! Through this platform, the teachers need to show up on time, teach a lesson, and write a feedback form after each lesson. It is important to always write down notes of your student during each lesson sot hat you remember how the session went. Each class lasts for 25 minutes each. Peak hours are designed to get the most students per class and starts at 7 pm Beijing time. The best part of teaching through this virtual online platform is that you can make your own hours and schedule your classes during times that would work for you! Plus, you are not required to know any foreign language or have formal teaching experience. 
 Education First 
 Education First is considered to be one of the top 100 Remote Companies to watch and another great opportunity for someone with some ESL experience and the ability to work from home! Teaching ESL on Education First allows you to teach only adults, and of course, requires a good internet connection. Students on this platform are typically professionals from all over the world that require English lessons for work or educational opportunities in English speaking countries. The students on this platform are very motivated to learn which can feel very rewarding for the teacher. There is not a lot of time-consuming preparation that goes along with teaching on Education First. In fact, when preparing to teach a class it's recommended that you look at all the presentations for all the lessons you will be teaching that day. The powerpoint lessons only take about 5-10 minutes to review, then you would simply enter the classroom and teach the lesson plan for that day. These are typically group lessons, so there will be multiple students during each lesson. After the lesson, you will need to write feedback for the students. You also have the option to work one on one with students. The curriculum is provided to you, so you can really focus on teaching and providing feedback! Education First pays up to $20 per hour plus more during peak hours. 
 Course Hero 
 
 Course Hero is the last company we will talk about today. This company looks for passionate educators and tutors to help students receive answers to questions asked regarding various subjects. You are not required to be a certified tutor or professional to work for this company but need expertise in the categories you would like to tutor. Course Hero is accredited by the Better Business Bureau and has helped over 10 million students to date. Your job is to help the students get step-by-step explanations to help them study and succeed in their courses. You will receive $3 for every question you answer. If you are able to answer six questions in an hour, that would result in $18. Some tutors are able to earn $300 up to $500 a week answering questions when and where they please. If you do this full or part-time, this could be a great and easy option to make a good salary per week! They are open to tutors in the US and other countries. Please apply online  here . 
 Qkids 
 Qkids (formerly Funbulous) is one of the larger Online English Teaching companies out of China, while it keeps a low profile, the company is steadfast in its commitment to supporting its teachers and students. The company employs a staff of over 1,000 people who help support their awesome teachers in the US and Canada. Qkids connects 300,000+ Chinese young learners between 4 - 12 years old with thousands of Online Teachers to create an amazing learning environment. This is an incredible work from home opportunity, working for one of the premier Online English companies in China. The company takes amazing care of their teacher's and is always on the lookout for great new teachers. Teachers earn between $16-20/hour teaching at Qkids. There is no experience needed. 
 If you are currently working for any of these companies, please leave your comments below. You can find other work from home teaching jobs on the  weekly job section  of this website as well as on our Facebook groups below. 
 Workersonboard Community 
 
 Real Work from Home Jobs 
 Extra Cash 
 Workersonboard Fans 
 
 Homebasedmommie 
 Work at Home Tips & Tricks 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Related 
 Categories:  work at home teaching jobs work from home teachers work from home teaching work from home tutors 
 Tags:  work from home teachers work from home teaching jobs work from home tutoring jobs work from home tutors 
           
 
 0 Comments 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 What's on your mind? 
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. 
 Notify me of new posts by email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Subscribe to Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 3,478 other subscribers 
 Email Address 
 Subscribe 
 Subscribe 
 
 
 
 Get Started  
 
 
 Work at home Course 
 300+ Companies that Pay you to W@H 
 W@H Essentials 
 W@H FB Group 
 Daily Work at Home Jobs 
 Payment Proof 
 Get paid Daily 
 Get Paid $10 to Join Swagbucks 
 Reviewers needed 
 Mini Polls for Fast Cash 
 Free $10 Gift Card 
 Advertise on Workersonboard 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 Easy Steps to start a Blog 
 
 
 Work at home Course 
 300+ Companies that Pay you to W@H 
 W@H Essentials 
 W@H FB Group 
 Daily Work at Home Jobs 
 Payment Proof 
 Get paid Daily 
 Get Paid $10 to Join Swagbucks 
 Reviewers needed 
 Mini Polls for Fast Cash 
 Free $10 Gift Card 
 Advertise on Workersonboard 
 
 Workersonboard.com 2011-2020 
 
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you accept this policy as long as you are using this websiteXAcceptView Policy 
 We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok 
