
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Senior Quality Engineer 
 IHS Markit 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Senior Quality Engineer 
 IHS Markit 
 [](mailto:?subject=Senior%20Quality%20Engineer&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/14299677/senior-quality-engineer/ "Email")  
 Application 
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 January 12, 2021 
 Location: 
 New York, New York 
 __ Show Map 
 Salary: 
 Open 
 Type: 
 Full Time 
 Who we are: 
 Our Company was founded on the idea that there are patterns in people's behavior that, with the right logic, can be used to predict future outcomes. We are a small but rapidly growing organization that works in partnership with our customers to create solutions that are simply not found anywhere else. We work in groups rather than in structured corporate hierarchies; our culture is creative and entrepreneurial where everyone contributes to company goals in very real way. We are a hardworking group, but we have a lot of fun with what we do and are looking for new people with a similar mindset to join the organization. 
 What we do: 
 Our proprietary software-as-a-service helps automotive dealerships and sales teams better understand and predict exactly which customers are ready to buy, the reasons why, and the key offers and incentives most likely to close the sale. Its micro-marketing engine then delivers the right message at the right time to those customers, ensuring higher conversion rates and a stronger ROI. 
 What you will do: 
 
 
 Participate in and improve the whole lifecycle of services-from inception and design, through 
 
 
 deployment, operation, and refinement. 
 
 
 Participate in the release planning process to review functional specifications and create release plans. 
 
 
 Collaborate with software engineers to design verification test plans. 
 
 
 Design regression test suites and review with engineering, applications and the field organization. 
 
 
 Produce regular reports on the status and quality of software releases and be prepared to speak to findings in an informative way to all levels of audience. 
 
 
 Assess the quality, usability and functionality of each release. 
 
 
 Develop and organize QA Processes for assigned projects to align with overall QA goals. 
 
 
 Lead and train a dynamically changing team of colleagues who participate in testing processes. 
 
 
 Exhibit expertise in handling large scale programs/projects that involve multiple stakeholders (Product, Dev, DevOps). 
 
 
 Maintain a leading edge understanding of QA as related to interactive technologies best practices 
 
 
 Design and implement test automation strategy for multiple product development teams at the onset of the project. 
 
 
 Lead efforts for related automation projects, design and code reviews. 
 
 
 Work closely with leadership and IT to provide input into the design and implementation of the automation framework. 
 
 
 Work with Architecture, Engineering, Quality Engineering, IT, and Product Operations leaders to create and implement processes that accelerate the delivery of new features and products with high quality and at scale. 
 
 
 Develop and contribute to a culture of high performance, transparency and continuous improvement as it relates to the infrastructure services and streamlining of the development pipeline. 
 
 
 Participate in a diverse team of talented engineers globally, providing guidance, support and clear priorities. 
 
 
 Who you are: 
 
 
 Minimum of 5 years of Quality Engineering experience 
 
 
 Hands on experience with at least 2 or more of leading testing tools/framework like Selenium, Cypress, Jmeter, blazemeter 
 
 
 Strong analytical skills and ability to solve complex technical problems 
 
 
 API testing - must have understanding of RESTful design / best practices. Hands on experience testing APIs and test tools 
 
 
 Experience with load / stress / performance testing and tools 
 
 
 Experience with Azure DevOps (or other similar issue/bug tracking systems) is required 
 
 
 Ability to think abstract - to ensure ability to not conform to the norm. Norms do not find bugs quickly 
 
 
 Experience working in an Agile software development organization 
 
 
 Experience supporting development and product teams 
 
 
 Excellent verbal, written, and interpersonal communication skills; ability to interact with all levels of an organization 
 
 
 Ability to work in an advisory capacity to identify key technical and business problems, develop and evaluate alternative solutions and make recommendations 
 
 
 Nice to have: 
 
 Experience with Mobile automation - must have experience writing automated ui tests for iOS or Android 
 
 Inclusion and diversity are critical to the success of IHS Markit, and we actively encourage applications from people of all backgrounds. We are committed to providing equal employment opportunity without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, national origin, disability, status as a protected veteran, or any other protected category. For more information on the many ways in which we enthusiastically support inclusion and diversity efforts for both candidates and employees, please access our Inclusion & Diversity Statement here . 
 We are proud to provide reasonable accommodations to applicants with disabilities. If you are interested in applying for employment with IHS Markit and need special assistance or an accommodation to use our website or to apply for a position, please contact or call +1 212 849 0399. Determination on requests for reasonable accommodation are considered on a case-by-case basis. This contact information (email and phone) is intended for application assistance and accommodation requests only. We are unable to accept resumes or provide information about application status through the phone number or email address above. Resumes are only accepted through the online application process, and only qualified candidates will receive consideration and follow-up. 
 IHS Markit maintains a substance-free workplace; employees may be asked to submit to a drug test (where permitted by law). In addition, as a federal contractor in the United States, the company participates in the E-Verify Program to confirm eligibility to work. 
 For information please click on the following links: 
 IHS Markit Business Code of Conduct 
Right to Work 
EEO is the Law 
EEO is the Law Supplement 
Pay Transparency  Current Colleagues 
 If you are currently employed by IHS Markit, please apply internally via the Workday internal careers site. 
 
 
 Internal Number: 9763693 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 Connections working at IHS Markit 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 More Jobs Like This 
 
 
 
 Senior Applications Engineer  
 __  Irvine, California 
 
 
 
 
 Supply Chain Optics 
 __1 Week Ago 
 
 
 Senior Frontend Developer, AVP 
 __  Krakow, Poland 
 
 
 State Street Corporation 
 __Today 
 
 
 Senior Software Engineer 
 __  Englewood, Colorado 
 
 
 IHS Markit 
 __Today 
 
 
 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
