Michigan Workers Comp Lawyers | Law Offices of Alex Berman, PC 
 
 Workers Compensation 
 
 Injured at Work 
 How a Lawyer Can Help 
 Workers' Comp Resources 
 Benefits Denied / Terminated 
 Video Library 
 Podcasts 
 
 
 Construction 
 Client Testimonials 
 Blog 
 About Us 
 
 Our Attorneys 
 Office Locations 
 Awards and Honors 
 Attorney Referrals 
 Law Scholarship 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 Injured? Free Advice (855) 221-2667 
 Home  >  Injured at Work  >  Injured on the Job  > What Should I Do 
 What should I do if I got hurt at work in Michigan? 
 Michigan workers compensation attorneys give you three simple steps that will help begin your recovery 
 Figuring out what to do after being hurt at work can seem overwhelming. Our Michigan workers compensation attorneys have broken down three easy steps for you to follow - that will protect your right to work comp benefits. 
 To speak with one of our workers comp attorneys now, call (855) 221-2667, or you can fill out our  free consultation form . There's no cost or obligation. 
 
 Notify your employer of your injury. 
 Make a claim for workers compensation benefits. 
 Consider hiring an experienced workers compensation attorney. 
 
 _  1. Notify your employer of your injury. _ 
The most important thing to remember when you were hurt at work is to notify your employer. Do not wait to tell your employer about a work injury, because you could lose out on substantial  workers compensation benefits . 
 If you have been hurt at work, there are certain procedures that you must follow. For example, by law, you have to  notify your employer within 90 days of the injury . Notice can be oral, but you should ask to fill out a company accident report. 
 If your employer does not have an accident report, make one yourself. Explain when, where and how you injured yourself. Describe the nature and extent of your injury. Give the accident report to your employer and keep a copy for your records. Even if you failed to give formal notice of an injury, simply telling your supervisor or manager that you hurt yourself at work could be enough. 
 _  2. Make a claim for workers compensation benefits. _ 
You must make a claim for workers compensation benefits  within two years  of your injury. The claim can be oral, but it's a good idea to ask for workers compensation benefits in writing. This can be accomplished by sending a certified letter to your employer asking for  wage loss  or  medical treatment . 
 Request that your employer notify its workers compensation insurance carrier and ask for a claim number. Like notice, simply asking for time off or medical treatment could be enough to satisfy the claim requirement. 
 Many people want to know if they can receive workers compensation benefits for an old injury that happened months or years ago. Many of these individuals have been working in pain and without proper medical care. You can pursue workers compensation benefits at any time, subject to the one- and two-year back rules, provided that you gave notice and made claim. 
 Also, you cannot be discharged or discriminated against because you asked for workers compensation benefits. 
 _  3. Consider hiring an experienced workers compensation attorney. _ 
There are many ways a  workers compensation attorney can protect you  after you were hurt at work. You will not be charged any fee to meet or discuss your workers compensation case, and you really need someone on your side who can advise you about hidden problems before they occur. 
 Many people jeopardize their workers compensation benefits because they don't understand the law. You might end up having your  work comp benefits disputed  and losing your job for no good reason. 
 Employers and insurance companies can play dirty. But a workers compensation attorney can level the playing field. Insurance companies use private investigators to follow you, and will even talk to your neighbors. Insurance companies will also send you to  independent medical examinations  with doctors who have made careers out of testifying against injured workers. 
 Do not wait until you are cut off to hire an experienced workers comp attorney. 
 Help from Michigan workers compensation attorneys today 
 It's always best to get free advice from a Michigan workers compensation attorney regarding what to do after you've been hurt at work. 
 Call us at (855) 221-2667. We can explain all of your legal rights and answer your questions. You can also fill out our  free contact form . 
  __Share 
  __Tweet 
  __Email 
  __Share 
 __Pin 
 1 Shares 
 Injured at Work 
 
 Workers Comp Law 
 Injured on the Job 
 
 What Should I Do 
 Do I Qualify 
 What are Employer's Responsibilities 
 Does Employer Have to Hold Job 
 Can Employer Force Back to Work 
 
 
 Benefits 
 Medical Treatment 
 
 Injured On 
The Job A Guide to Michigan Workers Compensation Law  Free Book 
 Michigan Workers Compensation Attorneys Answer | What You Need To Know Now 
 Free Consultation 
 
 
 First Name* 
 
 
 Last Name* 
 
 
 Email* 
 
 
 Phone* 
 
 
 Message* 
 
 
 Please verify your request * 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Name 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 This field is for validation purposes and should be left unchanged. 
 Workers Comp Blog How To Check On My Workers' Comp Claim Status? Do You Pay Taxes On Workers' Comp Checks? Workers' Comp Not Sending Checks: Now What Do I Do? 
 Follow Us 
 Toll-free / Free Consultation:(855) 221-2667 
 
 
 Farmington Hills 
 
 
 30101 Northwestern Highway, Suite 250 
 
 
 Farmington Hills, MI 48334 
 
 
 (248) 284-7285 
 
 
 Detroit 
 
 
 645 Griswold St, Suite 1308 
 
 
 Detroit, MI 48226 
 
 
 (313) 925-3169 
 
 
 Grand Rapids 
 
 
 330 Fulton Street East #250 
 
 
 Grand Rapids, MI 49503 
 
 
 (616) 871-2820 
 
 
 (C) 2021 Workers Comp Lawyers Help. All rights reserved. 
 Disclaimer: This information is for general informational purposes only and should not be relied upon as legal advice without consulting with licensed attorney. This is not intended to substitute for the advice of an attorney. The law is subject to frequent changes and varies from one jurisdiction to another. Some of the information on this site may be deemed ATTORNEY ADVERTISING in some states. No attorney-client relationship is formed nor should any such relationship be implied. Past results are no guarantee of future results. Attorney Alex Berman of Michigan Workers Comp Lawyers is responsible for the content of legal advertisements. His office address is 30101 Northwestern Highway, Suite 250, Farmington Hills, Michigan, 48334 and his telephone number is (248) 284-7285. 
 1 Shares 
  __Share 
  __Tweet 
  __Email 
  __Share 
 __Pin 
