Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Health Care Aide 
 Plan A Kamloops 
 __Duncan, BC 
 Apply Now 
 BC Plan A is looking for Registered Health Care Assistants (care aides) to join their team and work in Long Term Care homes in Duncan and Lady Smith area. We are looking for logical, dependable, and knowledgeable HCAs to join our A-team! 
 With Plan A you can work as much or as little as you like! With the minimum requirement being only 2 shifts a week, you have control over your own schedule and can maintain a healthy work-life balance. Our mobile app allows you to set your own schedule. Picking up shifts is as easy as one click of a button! 
 Why work for Plan A Okanagan? 
 
 Competitive rates from $25.33/hr to $29.33/hr 
 Staff incentives (i.e. giveaways/contests) 
 Shifts that work around your schedule. 
 Pick up shifts using your phone. 
 Minimum of 2 shifts a week. Work as much or as little as you please. 
 Travel options with paid mileage, accommodations provided and meal allowance 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 Health Care Assistant certificate (or equivalent) 
 Registered with the BC Care Aide & Community Health Worker Registry 
 3-5 healthcare references 
 
 Appropriate documents are required upon a successful application. 
 Job Details (include but are not limited to) 
 
 Monitor any health problems and report to the nurse on shift. 
 Assist in interaction among residents 
 Compassionate to elderly residents 
 Able to work under pressure and multi-task 
 Work well with co-workers 
 Understand policies and procedures of different homes 
 
 Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Casual 
 Salary: $25.33-$29.33 per hour 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 Day shift 
 Holidays 
 Monday to Friday 
 Night shift 
 Weekends 
 
 Licence/Certification: 
 
 Care Aide Registry Number (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
