
 Menu 
 
 HOME 
 WORK FROM HOME 
 
 __200+ Best Work From Home Jobs 
 __Virtual Assistant Jobs 
 __Proofreading Jobs 
 __Transcription Jobs 
 __Stay at Home Mom Jobs 
 __Online Tutoring Jobs 
 __Delivery Driver App Jobs 
 __Search Engine Evaluator Jobs 
 
 
 MAKE MONEY 
 
 __Make Money From Home 
 __Make Money Online With PayPal 
 __Proven Passive Income Ideas 
 __Make Extra Money From Home 
 
 
 EXTRA CASH 
 
 __Money Making Apps 
 __How To Make Money Doing Surveys 
 __USA Paid Online Surveys 
 __UK Paid Online Surveys 
 
 
 BLOG 
 
 15 Online Jobs for Beginners with No Experience 
 Work From Home Jobs  November 29, 2020 
 This post may contain affiliate links. Please read our affiliate disclosure  to learn more. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 0shares 
 Are there online jobs for beginners? How can you work online with no experience? If you've been asking yourself such questions, keep reading this article to find your answers. 
 Working online is quickly becoming the new norm. With the Coronavirus pandemic hitting all corners of the world, many people are now realizing that you can work from home and still earn a decent living. 
 Due to the virus, a lot of people have lost their jobs too. If you're one of them, one way to get back on your toes is to find an online job. 
 You've probably heard of many online scams and are scared to start your online hustle. Or maybe you are too scared to jump into the sea and swim with the big fish because you lack the experience, right? 
 Either way, this article will, hopefully, clear your doubts. By the end of this article, you will see that you can start your online hustle without any experience. There are many online jobs for beginners with no experience. 
 Can I work from home with no experience? 
 Yes, you can work from home with no experience at all. There are a lot of ways to start earning online from the comfort of your house even if you're a complete beginner. 
 Of course, everyone that's working online started from somewhere. Every person you consider an expert in any specific field started with no experience at all. You too can make some good money working from home with no experience at all. 
 With that said, let's look at some of the best online jobs for beginners, shall we? 
 Legitimate online jobs for beginners with no experience 
 Don't forget:  15 Most Profitable Online Skills to Learn From Home 
 1. Proofreading 
 Proofreading is the final step before any article or document is published. As a proofreader, your work would be to ensure manuscripts and other written documents are flawless before being published or being used for any other intended purpose. 
 So, what does this say about proofreading? It means you need to be hawk-eyed. You need to be very keen on detail to notice mistakes that many other people overlook. 
 As a proofreader, you will be correcting grammatical, punctuation, and spelling errors in written documents or manuscripts. 
 Some of the types of documents you could work on as a proofreader include blog posts, academic papers and essays, news articles, and even books. 
 According to Payscale, an average proofreader makes $17 per hour. 
 How can you get started?  You might need some form of training to get you started with freelance proofreading the right way. For that, I highly recommend you attend Caitlin Pyle’s  FREE proofreading workshop for beginners . This is a free webinar that will equip you with the skills you need to get started as a proofreader. 
 
 Caitlin is a successful proofreader who’s been in the business since 2007. She has been earning over $43, 000 per year and has helped over 4800 students start their freelance proofreading hustles. 
 More resources: 
 
 What Is Proofreading, And How Do I Become A Successful Proofreader? 
 Is Proofread Anywhere Legit? Here’s The Truth 
 17+ Websites To Find Online Proofreading Jobs From Home 
 How To Become A Successful Proofreader (Interview with Caitlin Pyle) 
 7 Best Proofreading Courses 
 
 2. Taking Online Surveys 
 If you're in the right country, taking paid online surveys can be one of the easiest ways to earn extra cash on the side. 
 With paid surveys, you'll be sharing your opinions on different subjects and products. You have probably been giving your opinions all through your life, so why not get paid to do it? 
 There are a lot of legitimate survey sites that are looking to recruit new members. Some of the most popular survey sites include  Survey Junkie ,  InboxDollars , and  Swagbucks . There are a lot of other sites. 
 The good thing about survey sites is that they have many other different earning opportunities like  playing games ,  watching videos ,  shopping online , and referring friends. 
 On average, you can make $30 per month from one survey site. What if you join 4 or 5 survey sites? That would certainly increase your earnings. 
 Read more: 
 
 How To Make Money Doing Surveys (Over $500/Mo) 
 10 Best Paid Survey Sites For USA Residents 
 10 Best Paid Surveys In Canada That Actually Pay 
 9 Best Paid Surveys UK: Top Online Surveys For UK Residents 
 
 3. Freelance Writing 
 If you love the art of writing, you can make some good money working as a freelance writer. You do not have to be a Shakespeare to make it as a freelance writer. 
 As long as you have a good command of English and can organize ideas well, you too can make some decent money working as a freelance writer. As a freelance writer, you will write articles for blogs, businesses, newspapers, and websites. 
 There are a lot of sites that will hire you as a beginner in freelancing. Some of the sites that will hire you as a freelance beginner include Upwork, Fiverr, Freelancer, Hirewriters, iWriter, and PeoplePerHour. 
 However, with freelance writing, finding clients on your own could also be easy. Approach those sites that deal with matters that interest you, and offer your writing services. This way, you may land some god paying clients. 
 On average, a freelance writer makes $15-$25 per hour. 
 How can you get started?  If you're serious about earning a living online as a freelance writer, check out this  freelance writing course  by Gina Horkey. The course offers everything you need to build a high-paying freelance writing business; in just 30 days. 
   
 Related: 
 
 20+ Freelance Writing Jobs Online For Beginners With No Experience 
 How to Become a Freelance Writer 
 FREE list of 200+ Freelance Writing Niches 
 
 4. Transcription 
 Transcription entails listening to audios and typing out what you hear on a word processing software. Some of the audios you will be transcribing include interviews, conferences, speeches, sermons, and even lectures. 
 You don't need an education or experience to work on general transcription. However, you may need some medicine or law background to work on medical or legal files, respectively. 
 So, if you have a background in this, grab the opportunity because medical and legal transcription pays better. 
 No background in medicine or law? Jump onto the general transcription bandwagon. 
 You may need training or research to know the different kinds of transcription before you get started. 
 On average, transcriptionists make approximately $25 per hour-long audio. 
 How can you get started?  Check out this  FREE mini-course by Janet Shaughnessy  to learn how to kick-start your transcription career the right way. Learn from someone who has been doing transcription successfully for over a decade. 
 
 Related: 
 
 30 Best Online Transcription Jobs From Home 
 
 5. Become a Virtual Assistant 
 A virtual assistant performs different administrative tasks for their clients, but remotely. Some of the duties of virtual assistants include: 
 
 Sending and replying to emails 
 Scheduling appointments and managing the Goggle calendar 
 Making reservations such as hotel rooms or booking flights 
 Managing social media accounts 
 Planning and managing events. 
 
 To become a virtual assistant, you need to have excellent organizational skills, and you need to be reliable. A client needs to feel safe, trusting you with delicate tasks that may include answering their calls. 
 The virtual assistant tasks are things you do, or you've probably done before. 
 Most of the virtual assistant gigs will pay you anything between $10 and $50 per hour. 
 How can you get started?  To become a successful virtual assistant, you might need some form of training to get started the right way. Lucky for you, Gina Horkey has created an amazing training course where you can learn everything you need to know about becoming a virtual assistant. Gina is a veteran virtual assistant who's been earning over $100 per hour. 
 Click here to check out Gina Horkey’s virtual assistant training course. 
 
 Related: 
 
 17 Best Virtual Assistant Jobs From Home (Available Even For Beginners With No Experience) 
 
 Online jobs for beginners to earn money 
 Read more:  15 EASY Online Jobs That Pay Through PayPal (FAST!) 
 6. Affiliate Marketing 
 Affiliate marketing entails marketing another person's goods and services on your platform. You never know, someone's customer could be on your platform. When someone uses your affiliate link to make purchases, you will earn a commission. 
 You don't need any experience to work as an affiliate marketer. The difficult tasks such as developing the services and goods have been done for you. Your job would be to convince your audience to make a purchase. So, with good marketing skills, you are good to be an affiliate marketer. 
 How can you get started?  If you’re wondering how to get started with affiliate marketing, I highly recommend you enroll in the  Savage Affiliates course by Franklin Hatchett , a top affiliate marketer who consistently earns over 7-figures in affiliate revenue. 
 
 7. Online Tutoring 
 Are you well-informed in a subject matter that people could be struggling to understand? That's your chance to earn well. 
 You don't need to be a professor in a certain discipline to offer classes. You can offer classes in your native language, mathematics, physics, biology, anatomy, computer science, engineering, chemistry, or whatever discipline you are good at. 
 There are a lot of sites that connect online tutors to students. Consider checking out Chegg Tutors, Skooli, and Tutor Vista. You can also use your networks and ask if anyone needs online classes. 
 You can ma anything between $10 and $30 per hour tutoring online. What you earn will depend on the discipline, your experience, and educational qualifications. 
 Related: 
 
 10 Best Online Tutoring Jobs To Teach From Home 
 
 8. Data Entry 
 A lot of data entry jobs don't require a specific educational background or experience. A lot of these gigs need you to be good with Microsoft Word and Microsoft Excel. 
 Most of the gigs will entail analyzing documents and files to extract information and fill them out on a spreadsheet or database. 
 The good thing is, you don't need to invest anything to start your data entry jobs. With your computer, you are set to get started on your job. 
 An average data entry gig will pay you anything between $8 and $20 per hour. 
 Related: 
 
 19 Genuine Online Data Entry Jobs Without Investment 
 
 9. Captioning 
 Captioning entails generating subtitles for movies and other programs. Many people think subtitles are generated automatically, but the truth is, somebody is working on that. 
 You, too, can work as a captioner. The only skill you need is syncing the words to the exact time they are pronounced. 
 You also need to have excellent listening skills and possibly a good set of headphones. 
 Where do you find captioning jobs? You can land captioning gigs on sites such as 3PlayMedia, Aberdeen, AI Media, Caption Max, Netflix, Caption Colorado, and CaptioningStar. 
 You can make anything between $10 and $40 per hour-long video. 
 10. Become a Social Media Manager 
 If you spend a lot of time on social media, maybe it's time to change that time into money-making ventures. A lot of businesses and personalities realize how useful social media platform can be. They, however, lack the personnel or time to manage social media platforms. This is where your skills and prowess in different social media platforms will come in. 
 Really, you don't need any college degree or experience to manage social media platforms. 
 Your work as a social media manager would be to manage pages and accounts, engage the audience, reply to comments and any private inquiries, and make posts to engage the audience. These are activities you've probably been doing on your social media accounts. 
 The average social media managers make $12-$30 per hour. 
 More online jobs for beginners 
 Don't forget:  200+ Best Work From Home Jobs: Top Companies With Remote Jobs 
 11. Graphic Designer 
 Graphic designing involves creating logos, websites, business cards, invitation cards, and t-shirts for clients. Usually, a client will come to you with an idea, and you will work to bring the idea into a visual representation. You, therefore, need to be creative to succeed as a graphic designer. 
 A background in visual arts may also do you some good in your graphic designing business. 
 You can start your part-time graphic designing career on sites such as Upwork, Fiverr, Flex Jobs, 99 Designs, and Design Crowd. 
 You can make anything from $70 to $400 per gig. What you earn will depend on the client and the complexity of the project. 
 12. Website Testing Jobs 
 Any business loves to know what a third party thinks. This way, they will know how to improve their services to their clients. Website owners want to know what third parties think of their sites and how they can make their sites user-friendly. 
 They hire people to test the efficiency of websites. You, too, can earn money giving reviews to website owners. You need to sign up in companies that connect website testers to websites that need reviews. 
 Some of these sites may need you to ace a background test before you can access the gigs. A task that you can complete in 10-15 minutes may take you to pay you $10. 
 13. Translation Jobs 
 If you are fluent in several languages, you can make some good money working as a translator. Many organizations and businesses are now getting the gist of accessing more clients, which is reaching to them through the language they understand better. 
 You can translate everything from simple social media posts, articles to complex pieces such as books. 
 Many sites hire translators who will need you to prove that you are fluent in the languages you want to work in. So, be prepared to take a test. 
 Luckily, you don't need the experience to work as a translator, just fluency in your work languages. 
 On average, a translator makes $25 per hour. However, you can earn more depending on your skill and your language of work. If your language of work is on-demand, you will definitely earn more. For instance, translating from European languages to Asian languages will earn you way more than translating from a romance language to another romance language. 
 Related: 
 
 17 Best Online Translation Jobs From Home 
 
 14. Call Center Representative 
 The work of a call center representative includes: 
 
 Managing bulk amounts of outbound and inbound calls in an organized and timely manner 
 Strictly following call center scripts 
 Identifying customer's needs, explaining and clarifying issues 
 Provide solutions to clients 
 Redirect the call as needed 
 
 What you need to work as a call center representative are good customer service skills. You need to be friendly and warm to the clients who will call you. You need no experience to work as a call center representative. 
 15. Start a YouTube Channel 
 Starting a Youtube channel is one of the jobs you can start without any experience at all. No camera and professional filming equipment yet? Start filming with your phone and grow your way up. If you look at the most popular Youtuber's today, their first videos will show you that they started from somewhere and climbed their way up the ladder. 
 One of the secrets of propelling your Youtube Channel is choosing a niche from the very early stages. One mistake people make is starting to make videos of anything that crosses their minds. The earlier you narrow down, the better. 
 You can monetize your Youtube channel and earn from the views and the ads aired alongside your videos. 
 Ready to ace these online jobs for beginners? 
 Working online is fast becoming the new norm in town. There is nothing better than working from the comfort of your house and being able to work as much or as little as you want. 
 However, a lack of experience may be scaring you away. With the  online jobs  above, you can earn some good money even without prior experience. Do your research and apply for that job! 
 Okay, that's it for our list of online jobs for beginners with no experience. We're glad that you came all this way. Before you leave, please tell us which online job above resonated with you best. We look forward to reading your comments down below. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 0shares 
   
 Tags: online jobs 
 Related Posts 
   
 19 Genuine Online Data Entry Jobs Without Investment 
 Looking for genuine online data entry jobs without … 
   
 70+ Online Jobs Worldwide: Work From Home Anywhere In The World 
 Looking for online jobs that allow you to … 
   
 17 Online Editing Jobs That Pay Well and Are Flexible 
 Where should you look to find online editing … 
   
 200+ Best Work From Home Jobs: Top Companies With Remote Jobs 
 Looking for the best work from home jobs? … 
   
 17 Best Online Jobs for College Students with No Experience 
 Are you a college student looking to make … 
   
 15 Best Upwork Alternatives For Freelancers Looking For Online Jobs 
 Are you a freelancer looking for the best … 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel Reply 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 
 __ 
   
 POPULAR POSTS 
 
   
 
 200+ Best Work From Home Jobs: Top Companies With Remote Jobs 
 
   
 
 25 Real Ways to Make Money From Home & Create A Life You Love 
 
   
 
 10 Best Paid Survey Sites For USA Residents 
 
   
 
 30 Best Online Transcription Jobs From Home 
 
   
 
 7+ Easy Ways To Make Extra Money Working From Home 
 __ __ __ __ 
 Hi and welcome to WorkAtHomeSmart.com! I'm Norbert Juma, passionate about the web & financial freedom. I started this site to be a resource for people looking to work from home and make money online. 
 RECENT POSTS 
 
 
 15 Online Jobs for Beginners with No Experience 
 
 
 2020 Work-From-Home Black Friday Offers & Discounts (Big Savings!) 
 
 
 19 Genuine Online Data Entry Jobs Without Investment 
 
 
 Get Paid For Shopping With These Cashback Apps 
 
 
 15 PayPal Games for Money: Earn Money Playing Games Online 
 
 
 AFFILIATE DISCLOSURE 
 Some of the links on our site are affiliate links, meaning that if you click on one of the links and purchase an item, we may receive a commission. All opinions, however, are our own and we do not accept payments for positive reviews. 
 VISIT US ON SOCIAL MEDIA 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
 Earnings Disclosure 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 WorkAtHomeSmart.com  Copyright (C) 2020. 
 Built with  Magnus 
