NICOLE C. WONG 
 …meanderings and musings… 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 42 Fun Facts About … 
 The Life Explorer 
 
 Architecture 
 
 Even New York City’s scaffolding exudes holiday cheer! 
 
 
 Art 
 
 The Pumpkin People take over Jackson, NH! 
 
 
 Epicurious 
 
 Chinese consumption, Lesson 2: How to swallow your fear of insects in one gulp 
 Chinese consumption, Lesson 3: The best chicken wings are tucked away in a Hutong 
 Chinese consumption, Lesson 4: How to eat Din Tai Fung dumplings 
 Chinese consumption, Lesson 5: Noodles aren’t just for eating 
 Chinese consumption, Lesson 1: How to cook Jianbing in the street 
 
 
 Globetrotting 
 Goosebumps 
 
 Scrambling our brains on a space-shuttle simulator 
 
 
 Life Sugar 
 Nature 
 
 Chasing the Volvo Ocean Race in Boston Harbor 
 Some people color-coordinate their shoes and purses. Others match their cars with fall foliage. 
 
 
 Out of the Ordinary 
 
 
 The Multimedia Storyteller 
 
 Education 
 
 In These Classrooms, D Doesn't Make Grade 
 Square Root Day 
 
 
 Tech 
 
 Handheld Hurt 
 Young Software Developers Eat, Drink Beer and Talk Code at Free, Periodic Parties Throughout Silicon Valley 
 CEO's First Year Stabilizes HP 
 HP Founders Bill & Dave's Excellent (Silicon Valley) Adventure 
 Risk-Taking Strategist "Crazy John" Uses Humor in Sun's Turnaround 
 HP Exec Stays on Top of the Game 
 
 
 Travel 
 Workplace Issues 
 
 Palo Alto City Council Proposal Would Make Frowning Off-Limits 
 Silicon Valley Techies Take Wing To Beat Bay Area Traffic And Housing Costs 
 HP Cuts Back on Telecommuting 
 Thousands Already Cut From HP Adjust to Losing HP Way of Life 
 HP Churn: Boot 1, Hire 1 
 Moving Tech Support Jobs Closer: Nearshoring 
 
 
 
 
 The Experience Architect 
 
 <- Trifecta! Golden Gate Bridge reflected in window during a summer sunset 
 How to Communicate the Value You Offer at Work -> 
 How to Find Your Dream Job 
 Posted on  February 22, 2015  by  Nicole C. Wong 
 People often ask to pick my brain about finding fulfilling careers -- or even just a dream job, for starters -- because over the past decade I've been fortunate to thrive in three dream jobs, with each one adding new skills and experiences that paved the way to the next dream job. 
 And when I say "dream job," I'm not talking about a job that your former classmates, colleagues, and everyone else think sounds cool. I'm talking about a job that literally makes  you  wake up smiling, excited to go to work -- week after week, month after month. Because it doesn't matter what everyone else thinks. This is  your  life,  your  dream,  your  job. 
 Maybe your current job pays the bills, but it doesn't pay off with personal satisfaction. Maybe it's challenging, yet uninspiring. Or maybe you are really good at what you do, but doing it doesn't energize you or bring you joy. 
 If you're wondering whether there is something better out there for you -- your undiscovered dream job -- then ask yourself this question: 
 What can I see myself doing when I am 87 years old? 
 Some people may laugh and reply, "Nothing! I'll be retired!" 
 That's the point. 
 Envision this: 
 When you are age 87, what will you have become so good at and so passionate about that you would be willing to come out of retirement to do? What opportunity to make an impact is going to energize you to break the leisurely routine of your golden years and get back to work, even if it's just for a one-time project or as an occasional volunteer? On the flip side, what will an organization pick you -- over everyone else who's 87 years old or younger -- to do? If you can imagine getting jazzed about doing that kind of work when you no longer need to work, then that's a good sign that you've found the sweet spot for what could be your dream job now. 
 
 This question struck me over Valentine's Day weekend while watching  Herbert Blomstedt  conduct the San Francisco Symphony. He served as the symphony's music director from 1985 to 1995 and has won a slew of accolades, including two Grammy awards for his recordings. Now, at age 87, he dons a tuxedo with tails as a guest conductor at orchestral performances around the world. And he conducts with clear enthusiasm from start to finish, heartily shaking hands on stage with more musicians than conductors typically do at the conclusion of their concerts. He clearly received joy from doing this job. 
 Here's the best advice I can give as you embark on discovering your dream job: 
 
 Figure out what you 're good at. 
 
 I'm a big fan of the  StrengthsFinder  books and online assessment. 
 Other tactics to identify your strengths, talents, or skills include asking your friends, relatives, and coworkers what they have observed you being good at. Their answers may surprise you (such as when two coworkers applauded me for being "compassionate" in my role as global brand marketing manager), so also ask them for examples that shaped their assessment of you and listen with hungry curiosity.They might identify a strength or two that your current job doesn't leverage but your future dream job could revolve around. 
 
 Figure out what you 're passionate about. 
 
 Think broadly here; don't box yourself in by listing only what you're passionate about in your current role, company, or industry. 
 What are your personal values? What keeps you awake at night? What causes do you champion, perhaps as a donor, a volunteer, or a petition-signer? What issues do you care about, seeking more information on them in the news and eagerly discussing them with others? How do you like to spend your leisure time? What energizes you? What brings you joy?You may end up with a long, diverse list. The next step is to look for themes or broader categories encompassing your passions. 
 
 Raise your hand to gain experience doing what you 're good at in the area that you're passionate about. 
 
 One way to get started on this is to look for an opportunity to meld your skills and passions at work, and then propose to your boss how you could contribute to that opportunity as a side project or a stretch assignment. Depending on the intersection of your skills and passions, the best opportunity at work might be far outside of your job's role and unrelated to your boss's purview; for example, I advised a software engineer who wants to gain experience in event planning to volunteer with her company's Employee Resource Groups (an interest-based club, like Women in Tech) and help plan the next Geek Girl Dinner or another professional-development networking event. 
 Another approach is to offer your skills to a project in your passion area outside of the office; the  LinkedIn Volunteer Marketplace  makes this easy, and its listings can give you more ideas of how you can meld your skills and passions on your journey to a dream job. 
 So, what do you think you will be doing when you are age 87? Please share in the comments below how you figured out what you 're good at, how you found your passion, or how you gained experience on the path to your dream job. 
 Share this: 
 
 Print 
 Email 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Pinterest 
 Tumblr 
 Reddit 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 About Nicole C. Wong 
 Life explorer. Multimedia storyteller. Experience architect. Everything enthusiast. Omnivore epicure. Lindy-hop lover. Living by grace through faith. 
  View all posts by Nicole C. Wong ->  
 This entry was posted in  Career Development ,  Life Sugar ,  Workplace issues  and tagged  career coaching ,  career development ,  dream job ,  job hunting ,  life coaching ,  strengthsfinder . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 <- Trifecta! Golden Gate Bridge reflected in window during a summer sunset 
 How to Communicate the Value You Offer at Work -> 
 So what do you think?  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 
 MORE WAYS TO KEEP IN TOUCH WITH NICOLE 
 
 
   Yahoo! Mail  /nicolecwong 
 
 
 Skype  /nicolecwong 
 
 
   Twitter  /nicolecwong 
 
 
   Linkedin  /nicolewong 
 
 
   Flickr  /nicolecwong 
 
 
   YouTube  /nicolediscovers 
 
 
   Quora  /nicolecwong 
 
 
  Get your own Widget 
 
 
 Email Subscription 
 
 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 
 
 Nicole's Latest Tweets 
 
 #PwcProud  that my employer is taking a strong stand to support our democracy   twitter.com/pwcus/status/1…  ~ posted  4 days ago 
 RT @ JoeBiden : No one can tell me that if it had been a group of Black Lives Matter protestors yesterday that they wouldn’t have been treate… ~ posted  1 week ago 
 If you consume only 1 (more) piece of news about today’s chaos at the Capitol, then make it this one. “This is wh…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…  ~ posted  1 week ago 
 Working on @ lifeatpwc ’s  #BeWellWorkWell  & People Experience team spreads good cheer every day of the year! So energ…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…  ~ posted  3 weeks ago 
 Excited to move into a new role today at PwC as learning-strategist director and put my skills to use in new ways t…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…  ~ posted  1 month ago 
 Follow @nicolecwong 
 
 
 
 Search this site 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 September 2019 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 September 2012 
 April 2012 
 February 2012 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 
 August 2011 
 July 2011 
 May 2011 
 April 2011 
 March 2011 
 February 2011 
 January 2011 
 December 2010 
 November 2010 
 October 2010 
 July 2010 
 May 2009 
 
 
 
 Top Posts 
 
 How to invest a $1K bonus to sharpen your future-proofing job skills 
 How to Communicate the Value You Offer at Work 
 Education 
 The Multimedia Storyteller 
 How to Find Your Dream Job 
 Trifecta! Golden Gate Bridge reflected in window during a summer sunset 
 Photography tip: Go outside right after it rains 
 Surprise at dusk: Someone surfs, undaunted by darkness 
 When life's waves crash down, do you sink, swim, or surf? 
 What your tweets say about you (or: How to explain Twitter to your grandma) 
 
 
 
 What Nicole blogs about 
 
 100 days 
 beach 
 Boston 
 branding 
 Bulgaria 
 call centers 
 career development 
 CEO 
 christmas tree 
 Colorado Springs 
 Compaq 
 Costa Rica 
 creativity 
 Cupertino 
 downsizing 
 Eastern Europe 
 employment 
 facebook 
 financial turnaround 
 first year 
 food 
 France 
 fun 
 globalization 
 golden gate bridge 
 Hewlett-Packard 
 holiday 
 HP 
 HR 
 India 
 information technology 
 Intel 
 iPad 
 iPhone 
 IT 
 japan 
 job cuts 
 job hunting 
 jobs 
 journalism 
 layoffs 
 linkedin 
 Mark Hurd 
 Mexico 
 nearshoring 
 New York 
 offshoring 
 ornaments 
 osaka 
 Palo Alto 
 photography 
 Poland 
 pummelvision 
 reflection 
 resilience 
 San Francisco 
 Santa Clara 
 Silicon Valley 
 skyline 
 Slovakia 
 social media 
 storytelling 
 Sun Microsystems 
 surfing 
 tech 
 technology 
 telecommute 
 telecommuting 
 tokyo 
 travel 
 Twitter 
 video 
 workers 
 Workplace issues 
 Yahoo 
 
 
 
 this website reflects my personal opinions, not the opinions of any of my employers, past or present. 
 
 
  NICOLE C. WONG  
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
