Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Pharmacy Assistant 
 Calgary Co-operative Association Limited 
 __High River, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description: 
About Us 
 Owned by our members, Calgary Co-op is one of the largest retail co-operatives in North America. With over 460,000 members, 3,8500 plus employees, assets of $572 million and annual sales of over $1.2 billion, Calgary Co-op is committed to lead in Food, Petroleum, Wine Spirits Beer, Pharmacy and Home Health Care. Last year, Calgary Co-op invested over $4 million into the Calgary and surrounding area communities, supporting numerous non-profit charitable organizations, ranging from youth programs, education and environment to preventative health and poverty relief programs. Our businesses include a wide variety of services from Food, Pharmacy, Petroleum, Wine, Spirits and Beer, and Home Health Care. So you can find diverse opportunities close to home. Whatever your skills you can grow them here. 
 Pharmacy Assistant Opportunity 
 Calgary Co-op is currently seeking a Pharmacy Assistant to join our team! Reporting directly to the Pharmacy Manager, some of the Pharmacy Assistants main responsibilities are: 
 Assist the Pharmacist in the preparation of prescriptions 
 Help in the management of dispensary inventories, through the ordering, receiving and rotating of stock and supplies, returning outdated and unsalable product, and assisting in the perpetual inventory processes 
 To be familiar with all merchandise carried in the department, with merchandise normally carried in pharmacies, as well as to be aware of new products and trends pertaining to the pharmaceutical and retail industry. 
 Assist in the proper are and maintenance of equipment pertaining to the Pharmacy 
 What skills and abilities will you need to be considered? 
 Grade 12 education or acceptable combination of experience and education 
 Pass the Calgary Co-op Pharmacy Assistant test 
 Must be fluent in English (CLBA-Canadian Language Benchmark Assessment score of 5 or higher) 
 What skills and abilities will set you apart from others? 
 Completed a Technician Program 
 Two (2) years of dispensing experience 
 Benefits & Perks 
 Calgary Co-op takes pride in providing more than just an attractive compensation and benefits plan, as well as an industry leading pension and recognition program. We offer employee discounts, social committee events, a scholarship program, tuition assistance, and employee and family assistance program, and more.......... 
 We invest in our people to help them reach their full potential: Scholarship Program, Retail Training Programs, Career Development and Management Development Programs. 
 We believe if we take care of our employees, our employees will take care of our business! 
 We thank all applicants for their interest:  however only those being considered for an interview will be contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
