Joseph's Reviews 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About Joseph's Reviews… 
 
   
 Tag Archives: Steve Jobs 
 <- Older posts 
 October 15, 2017 * 11:09 am 
 The Logic of Balance 
 
 Understanding Business: The Logic of Balance by Gary Moreau (CreateSpace, 188 pages, $9.95) 
 Understanding Business: The Logic of Balance by Gary Moreau is an engaging work. Moreau focuses on the point that business leaders tend to be guided either by their heard or their hearts (guts). Most see it as a choice between, say, the colors blue (head) or red (heart). But leadership may be purple; that is, it must rely on a balance between logical thoughts and instincts. 
 In Moreau's words, "this book is all about context." The business environment, its context, is rarely solely about reason or logic. It's a blend of the two. 
 Moreau spends equal time illustrating the benefits as well as the weaknesses of relying on data-driven decision making and instinct-driven decisions. Both will work at some points, but will fail if relied upon to the exclusion of all else. 
 One of the fascinating points made by Moreau is that many of the visionary individuals that our society holds up as models of business and societal leadership - Steve Jobs, Bill Gates, Martin Luther King, Jr. - had significant ideas (the "what"). However, they had no specific plans (the "how") for implementing their ideas. That's because sky-viewing visionaries must rely upon ground-based planners. 
 A great leader, as Moreau notes, follows his or her conscience. This "sits at the crossroads of deduction and reduction." Yes, true leadership, in implementation of great ideas, requires balance. 
 Another key point made by Moreau, a valuable one for business managers, is that the world is a very big and tough place. We tend to give too much credit to individuals for business successes and too much blame for failures. The truth is that business leaders - CEOs or managers, cannot control the world. A business failure may rest upon poor timing, poor global conditions, or many other factors. 
 There are a couple of issues with this work. Firstly, Moreau engages in political discussions that are out of place and simply do not belong in the book. In this, he fails to subscribe to his rule that context is key. (Since he mentions Trump and Clinton, it's surprising that he does not use them as examples of contrasting leadership styles.) 
 Secondly, like Joshua Wolf Shenk, the author of  Powers of Two: Finding the Essence of Innovation in Creative Pairs  (2014), Moreau tends to go too far in separating matters into one camp or the other. In Shenk's book, every artist was separated between being either a John Lennon (an instinctive artist) or a Paul McCartney (a hardworking artist). But the world is more complicated than that. 
 In  Understanding Business  , Moreau is like the proverbial hammer that sees everything as a nail. Everything is either mind or gut. I suspect that at some point a writer will produce a book about successful business leaders and artists who fall into the in-between category. (Joni Mitchell comes to mind as a musician who is equally instinctive and highly rational/logical/detail-oriented.) 
 Still, Moreau's book provides valuable points for business executives. For example, at one point he notes that a business leader should make a deductive decision using logic, but then test this decision using instinct. That executive should ask, "Does it feel right?" Excellent. 
 Finally,  Understanding Business  drives home one major point in these stressful times. This is that business leaders must value and respect their staff members. Executives cannot just talk the talk, they must walk the walk, It does not take long for workers to realize that they are simply cogs in the machinery of their company. When this realization hits, the company they work for can and will suffer. 
 If you own or operate a business, large or small, you may wish to read  Understanding Business . It will serve you well. 
 Well recommended. 
 Joseph Arellano 
 Leave a comment 
 Filed under  Uncategorized 
 Tagged as  A book review site ,  Bill Gates ,  book review ,  book review site wordpress ,  book reviews ,  business ,  business books ,  business executives ,  business leaders ,  CreateSpace ,  creativity ,  Gary Moreau ,  great leaders ,  John Lennon ,  Joni Mitchell ,  Joseph Arellano ,  Joseph's Reviews ,  Joshua Wolf Shenk ,  leadership ,  Martin Luther King ,  Paul McCartney ,  Powers of Two ,  recommended books ,  Steve Jobs ,  The Logic of Balance ,  trade paperback ,  Understanding Business ,  Wordpress book review site 
 May 4, 2015 * 2:04 pm 
 School Days 
 
 Where You Go Is Not Who You 'll Be: An Antidote to the College Admissions Process Mania by Frank Bruni (Grand Central Publishing, $25.00, 218 pages) 
 " For too many parents and their children, getting into a highly selective school isn't just another challenge, just another goal. A yes or no from Amherst or Dartmouth… or Northwestern is seen as the conclusive measure of a young person's worth, a binding verdict on the life that he or she has led up until that point, an uncontestable harbinger of the successes or disappointments to come. Winner or loser: This is when the judgment is made. This is the great, brutal culling. What madness. And what nonsense." 
 Frank Bruni has the good sense to argue that adult life may begin with one's acceptance into a college, but it does not end there. Students are responsible for what they make out of their education, whether at an elite or less well known university. As he states, "Great educations aren't passive experiences; they're active ones." He builds up his case by noting that several prominent and successful leaders in our society attended smaller, less "prestigious" colleges. Condoleeza Rice, for example, attended the University of Denver as an undergraduate. Steve Jobs, of course, dropped out of college, as did Bill Gates. Did Rice and Jobs and Gates turn out to be losers? Failures? Not exactly. 
 Bob Morse, who heads the college rankings program at  U.S. News & World Report , did not go to Harvard, Yale or Princeton. He received his undergraduate degree from the University of Cincinnati before getting his MBA from Michigan State. As Morse has concluded, "It's not where you went to school. It's how hard you work." 
 Bruni emphasizes that some students will feel more comfortable at a small college offering a "more intimate academic environment," even if schools like Kenyon, Denison, St. Lawrence or - a school I'm adding to his list - the University of the Pacific (UOP) are "less venerated than Princeton, Brown and Cornell." For some, smaller colleges are "ideal environments: especially approachable, uniquely nurturing." (UOP hangs banners reminding its students that it offers "Professors who know your name.") 
 
 In this calm, forthright book, Bruni tries to reduce the "madness" of the college admission process, noting that there are several inherent flaws and biases that applicants have little or no control over. For example, a particular college may need a couple of trombone players for the band. If you are the first or second trombone-playing applicant, you may get a large packet offering you admission and a scholarship. If you're the third trombonist applicant, you'll likely receive a thin envelope containing a rejection notice. If life, as John F. Kennedy stated, is not fair, than neither is the process of determining who gets into our colleges and universities. 
 Students who suffer the consequences of unfair admissions policies will learn that it will not be their last experience with life's unfairness. What counts is their positive response to adversity and their perseverance in making the best of whatever circumstance they have to settle for. 
 Bruni's book would be an excellent purchase for high school students who feel threatened by the highly competitive process of seeking admission to a so-called "elite" university. Reading his book may help such students to calm down, and feel encouraged to investigate various colleges, not just the "status" schools that their classmates may lust after. (Any school can offer a fine, valuable education to students ready to demand a lot from themselves and their environment.) This book is also a near indispensable guide for the parents of current high school students. 
 Where You Go …  reminds the reader, young or old, high school student or adult parent, that "there's no single juncture, no one crossroads, on which everything (in life) hinges." Some, in fact, will find that a valuable lesson can be learned via being rejected by one's top choice universities. One young woman, a graduate of the famed and "charmed" Phillips Exeter Academy, was rejected by all five of the colleges she applied to. She states that, "There's a beauty to that kind of rejection, because it allows you to find the strength within." That young woman started up a new federally-supported public elementary school in Phoenix, Arizona. A loser? Hardly. 
 Highly recommended. 
 Joseph Arellano 
 A review copy was provided by the publisher.  Thank you to Daniel D. Holt for serving as editor on this piece. 
 This review first appeared on the Blogcritics site: 
 http://blogcritics.org/book-review-where-you-go-is-not-wholl-youll-be-an-antidote-to-the-college-admissions-mania-by-frank-bruni/ 
 Leave a comment 
 Filed under  Uncategorized 
 Tagged as  A book review site ,  Amherst College ,  An Antidote to the College Admissions Mania ,  best small colleges ,  best universities ,  Bill Gates ,  Blogcritics ,  Bob Morse ,  book for high school students ,  book review ,  book review site wordpress ,  Brown ,  college admissions ,  college admissions madness ,  college admissions process ,  college education ,  college rankings ,  college ratings ,  college scholarships ,  Condoleeza Rice ,  Cornell University ,  Daniel D. Holt ,  Dartmouth College ,  Denison ,  elite universities ,  Frank Bruni ,  Grand Central Publishing ,  hardbound book release ,  Harvard University ,  high school seniors ,  January book releases ,  John F. Kennedy ,  Joseph Arellano ,  Joseph's Reviews ,  Kenyon College ,  Kindle Edition ,  Michigan State University ,  new book releases ,  New York Times bestselling author ,  nonfiction ,  Nook Book ,  Northwestern University ,  Phillips Exeter Academy ,  Phoenix ,  prestigious colleges ,  Princeton University ,  professors who know your name ,  recommended books ,  school days ,  self-help book ,  small colleges ,  St. Lawrence College ,  Steve Jobs ,  U.S. News & World Report college rankings ,  unfairness of college admissions ,  University of Cincinnati ,  University of Denver ,  University of the Pacific ,  UOP ,  Where You Go Is Not Who'll You'll Be ,  Wordpress book review site 
 April 5, 2015 * 8:19 pm 
 Becoming Steve Jobs 
 
 Becoming Steve Jobs: The Evolution of a Reckless Upstart into a Visionary Leader by Brent Schlender and Rick Tetzeli (Crown Business, $30.00, 464 pages) 
 " You cannot connect the dots looking forward; you can only connect them looking backward." Steve Jobs 
 Schlender and Tetzeli Connect the Dots 
 "This is the West, sir. When the legend becomes fact, print the legend." These words from Maxwell Scott seemed to have come to life in Walter Isaacson's earlier-released biography of Steve Jobs. Isaacson's version of Jobs' story relied on commonly stated "facts" about Jobs, which have become the stuff of legend. And these facts strongly emphasized the less desirable aspects of Jobs' personality and aggressive leadership style. 
 This new bio by Brent Schendler and Rick Tetzeli presents a kinder, gentler account of the man who co-founded and led Apple Computer; it seeks to get past "The cliche that Steve Jobs was half genius, half a-hole." And it largely succeeds by emphasizing that any shortcomings on Jobs' part were due to his dedication to Apple Computer: "He put the needs of the company ahead of any (personal or) work relationship." That dedication produced the most successful technology company in the world. (It may also have led Jobs to delay cancer surgery that might have spared his life. When he later had the surgery, he was given only a "50-50" chance of living for five years; he survived for seven post-surgery years.) 
 This excellent account allows one to get to know Jobs as a living, breathing human being - an imperfect, fully goal-oriented man full of "deep restlessness."  Becoming Steve Jobs  is such an effective telling of Jobs' life story that at the conclusion of the book the reader will grieve his death - the world's loss, all over again. 
 Highly recommended . 
 Joseph Arellano 
 A review copy was provided by the publisher.  Becoming Steve Jobs  was released on March 24, 2015. 
 "In this deeply researched book, you'll find the most truthful portrait of the real Steve Jobs." Marc Andreessen 
 Leave a comment 
 Filed under  Uncategorized 
 Tagged as  A book review site ,  Apple Computer ,  audiobook ,  Becoming Steve Jobs ,  best biographies ,  best books 2015 ,  best new books ,  biography ,  book review ,  book review site wordpress ,  book reviews ,  Brent Schlender ,  business books ,  Crown Business ,  hardbound book release ,  Joseph Arellano ,  Joseph's Reviews ,  Kindle Edition ,  leadership ,  life and death of Steve Jobs ,  Marc Andreessen ,  March book releases ,  Maxwell Scott ,  new books ,  Nook Book ,  recommended books ,  Rick Tetzeli ,  Steve Jobs ,  Steve Jobs biography ,  technology ,  Unabridged audio book ,  Walter Isaacson ,  Wordpress book review site 
 March 22, 2015 * 5:13 pm 
 If you loved this book… 
 Sometimes you read a book and then think, "I wish I could find another book like that!" Well, here's a visual representation of recommended books for your consideration. Joseph Arellano 
 If you loved this book… 
 
 Read this one… 
 
 If you loved this book… 
 
 Read this one… 
 
 If you loved this book… 
 
 Read this one… 
 
 If you loved this book… 
 
 Read these… 
 
 
 If you loved this book… 
 
 Read these… 
 
 
 If you loved this book… 
 
 Read these… 
 
 
 If you loved this book… 
 
 Read this one… 
 
 If you liked this book… 
 
 Read these… 
 
 
 If you liked this book… 
 
 Read these… 
 
 
 
 If you loved this book… 
 
 Read this one… 
 
 1 Comment 
 Filed under  Uncategorized 
 Tagged as  21 recommended books ,  A book review site ,  A brilliant young man who left Newark for the Ivy League ,  A Hidden Tribe ,  a novel ,  Amanda Padoan ,  An Andy Carpenter Mystery ,  Anatoli Boukreev ,  Andy Carpenter ,  Becoming Steve Jobs ,  best books ,  best reading ,  best sellers ,  Blackberry Winter ,  book recommendations ,  book review site wordpress ,  Born to Run ,  Brent Schlender ,  Buried in the Sky ,  cancer books ,  Celeste Ng ,  Christopher McDougall ,  David Nicholls ,  David Rosenfelt ,  Dead Wake ,  Dr. George Sheehan ,  Erik Larson ,  Everything I Never Told You ,  G. Weston DeWalt ,  George Johnson ,  Haruki Murakami ,  Hotel on the Corner of Bitter and Sweet ,  Hounded ,  How to Be an American Housewife ,  Into Thin Air ,  Jamie Ford ,  Jeff Hobbs ,  John Green ,  Jon Krakauer ,  Joseph Arellano ,  Joseph's Reviews ,  July book releases ,  K2 ,  Kathryn Ma ,  list of recommended books ,  March book releases ,  minimalist running ,  national bestseller ,  New York Times Bestseller ,  One Day ,  One Name ,  Peter Zuckerman ,  Pre ,  Rebecca Skloot ,  recommended books ,  Rick Tetzelli ,  Robert Peace ,  Running & Being ,  running books ,  Sarah Jio ,  Steve Jobs ,  Steve Prefontaine ,  The book that got the whole world running ,  The Cancer Chronicles ,  The Climb ,  The Devil in the White City ,  The Emperor of All Maladies ,  The Fault in Our Stars ,  The Immortal Life of Henrietta Lacks ,  The Last Crossing of the Lusitania ,  The Other Wes Moore ,  The Short and Tragic Life of Robert Peace ,  The Story of America's Greatest Running Legend ,  The Total Experience ,  The Year She Left Us ,  Tom Jordan ,  Two Fates ,  Us ,  Walter Isaacson ,  Wes Moore ,  What I Talk About When I Talk About Running ,  Who Let the Dog Out? ,  Wordpress book review site 
 February 9, 2015 * 7:39 pm 
 Change the World 
 Four young men decided to take a bite out of the world. The world bit back. 
 
 More Awesome Than Money: Four Boys and Their Heroic Quest to Save Your Privacy from Facebook by Jim Dwyer (Viking, $27.95, 374 pages) 
 
 This is a true story about four young men, from prosperous families (upper middle-class to one percenters), who decided to come up with a program that would take on and possibly destroy Facebook. Their creation, Diaspora, at one time seemed so promising that an intrigued Mark Zuckerberg sent them a donation of $1,000. What would set Diaspora apart from Facebook is the user's ability to protect their personal information, keeping it from the clutches of advertisers. As the  Los Angeles Times  noted, the users of Facebook "are not the sites' customers; they're the merchandize. The real customers are the advertisers and aggregators who suck up the (personal) data on the users and use it to target commercial come-ons more effectively." 
 
 The efforts of the young Diaspora founders - who were in their late teens to early 20s - would fail largely because they had no business experience and made horrible decisions. For example, when they approached the Sand Hill Road venture capital firm, Kliener Perkins (KP), they were advised to not request a certain amount of money (KP was prepared to offer an investment of $750,000). They asked for $10 million and came away with nothing. This was close to, and eventually was, a fatal decision. 
 The stresses upon their effort were to lead to short and long-term dropouts among the leadership, and result in a suicide. This is, to a great extent, the story of Ilya Zhitomirsky, the brilliant self-taught programmer who suffered from depression. However, the telling incorporates the viewpoints of each of the founders. All of the founders suffered from inexperience and the sweet arrogance (and ignorance) of youth. 
 Dwyer, co-author of the excellent account of the destruction of the World Trade Center buildings,  102 Minutes  , provides the reader with a cinematic story. This might make a fine film in the style of  The Social Network  , which detailed the founding of Facebook. 
 While engaging, this book suffers from a couple of flaws. The first is that multiple accounts of the same incidents result in sometimes-annoying repetition. This can lead the reader to feel like he/she is watching  The Norman Conquests . Also, although Dwyer takes two stabs at wrapping up the story, in the final chapter and an epilogue, it comes to a sudden end - the book ends not with a bang but with a whimper. 
 If  More Awesome Than Money  is a true-to-life morality play, then Dwyer appears to be unsure of the lesson to be learned. Perhaps it's that yesterday's technological revolutionaries (Mark Zuckerberg, Bill Gates, Steve Jobs, Larry Ellison) became today's establishment figures. They and their creations are to be attacked at one's own risk. 
 Recommended . 
 Joseph Arellano 
 A review copy was provided by the publisher . The original subtitle of this book, as listed in the inside pages, was Four Boys and Their Quest to Save the World from Facebook. I do not know why it was changed. 
 Note: While finishing this review, I happened to read that Mark Zuckerberg and his wife provided a donation of $75 million to San Francisco General Hospital. "Make of that what you will." (A.C. Newman, "There Are Maybe Ten or Twelve…") 
 Leave a comment 
 Filed under  Uncategorized 
 Tagged as  102 Minutes ,  A book review site ,  A. C. Newman ,  advertisers ,  aggregators ,  Bill Gates ,  book review ,  book review site ,  book review site wordpress ,  Change the World ,  computer programmer ,  depression ,  Diaspora ,  Facebook ,  Four Boys and Their Quest to Save the World ,  four young men ,  Get Guilty ,  hardbound book release ,  Ilya Zhitomirsky ,  Jim Dwyer ,  Joseph Arellano ,  Joseph's Reviews ,  Kindle Edition ,  Kliener Perkins ,  KP ,  Larry Ellison ,  life's lessons ,  Mark Zuckerberg ,  More Awesome Than Money ,  nonfiction ,  Nook Book ,  online privacy ,  personal information ,  privacy ,  recommended books ,  San Francisco General Hospital ,  Sand Hill Road ,  Silicon Valley ,  Steve Jobs ,  The Diaspora Four ,  The Los Angeles Times ,  The Norman Conquests ,  The Social Network ,  There Are Maybe Ten or Twelve... ,  true life morality play ,  venture capitalists ,  Viking Press ,  Wordpress book review site ,  World Trade Center attacks 
 April 5, 2014 * 1:36 pm 
 Better Days 
 
 Haunted Empire: Apple After Steve Jobs by Yukari Iwatani Kane (Harper Business, $27.99, 371 pages  ) 
 " Tim Cook was a master of spreadsheets not innovation. Since Cook had taken charge, legions of young MBAs had been hired to help feed the new CEO's love of data crunching… Managers like Cook tended to overly focus on profits, the one thing that (Steve) Jobs downplayed." 
 Since the death of its iconic leader, Steve Jobs, Apple Computer has been floundering; suffering from a dearth of innovations and dogged by competition from Samsung. This is the premise behind  Haunted Empire  by Yukari Iwatani Kane, a former technology reporter for the Wall Street Journal. Kane, who lives in San Francisco, presents Jobs as a legendary visionary ("…brilliant and unforgettable") and Apple's current leader, Tim Cook, as a bland manager who specialized in inventory control. 
 
 It will be up to each reader to determine the accuracy of Kane's story. I found it to be highly credible. Mr. Cook is well aware of the book and has angrily labeled it as "nonsense." However, Jobs' biographer Walter Isaacson raves that, "Kane brings us inside Apple at this critical moment with great insight and unparalleled reporting." 
 
 What Kane does extremely well is present a highly disturbing picture of the Asian workforce that builds Apple's products. The young workers in China who assemble an average of 180,000 iPhones each day cannot buy them with the slave wages they earn. It's tragic and the company's insensitive practices may have unleashed a type of negative karma that has come home to roost. 
 
 This is a fascinating, troubling account of an American business. 
 Highly recommended . 
 Joseph Arellano 
 A review copy was provided by the publisher. 
 Leave a comment 
 Filed under  Uncategorized 
 Tagged as  Apple After Steve Jobs ,  Apple Computer ,  book review ,  book review site ,  book review site wordpress ,  business books ,  hardbound book release ,  Harper Business ,  HarperCollins business books ,  Haunted Empire ,  iPhone ,  Joseph Arellano ,  Joseph's Reviews ,  Kindle Edition ,  Nook Book ,  recommended books ,  Samsung ,  San Francisco ,  Steve Jobs ,  The Wall Street Journal ,  Tim Cook ,  visionary leadership ,  Walter Isaacson ,  Wordpress book review site ,  Yukari Iwatani Kane 
 April 7, 2012 * 10:37 am 
 There's a Kind of Hush 
 Quiet: The Power of Introverts in a World That Can 't Stop Talking by Susan Cain (Crown, $26.00, 352 pages) 
 If you 're an introvert, should you devote your energies to activities that come naturally, or should you stretch yourself…? 
 Quiet  grants a marvelous sense of relief to anyone who has been concerned because they are easily tired by energetic crowds, fierce competition or small talk with strangers. Susan Cain, a former Wall Street attorney specializing in negotiation, has made good use of her natural inclinication to be an introvert. This book is the culmination of literally a lifetime of being one of the quiet people. 
 Ms. Cain took a long, thoughtful look at the existing literature and studies focused on extroversion vs. introversion. Moreover, she travelled around meeting with various well-respected experts in the fields of neuroscience and psychology to assure that her book would contain the latest in findings. In addition, Ms. Cain is a consultant to businesses and professionals who are seeking the skills to succeed in a culture that has, within the last 100 plus years, shifted from valuing character above any other human characteristic, to one that dotes on fame, aggression, group thinking and power. Her expertise and ability to see both sides of the issue lend great credibility to her writing. 
 The book begins by explaining how we have arrived at a new set of values only recently that has been embraced by business, politics and popular culture. The current cultural ideal is the Mighty Likeable Fellow that replaced the person who exemplified the Culture of Character in the 19th century when the ideal self was serious, disciplined and honorable. We are told that Dale Carnegie was the first well-known speaker and teacher to gather the hapless masses to his events so that they may "win friends and influence people." His books are still in print and his work is carried on in the 21st century through seminars, etc. 
 Today's counterpart ot Dale Carnegie is Tony Robbins whose Unleash the Power Within program has been attended by thousands of people seeking to become the ideal person/salesman. This reviewer had the experience of staying at a Hyatt Regency atrium hotel where Mr. Robbins was conducting one of his seminars. I will own up to the fact that I am an introvert who is never-the-less able to deliver speeches to hundreds of folks on topics that matter to me. And, no, I don't get sweaty palms or stage fright! 
 After a long day filled with much discussion among licensed professionals who were deliberating very serious public health, safety and welfare matters, I adjourned to my third floor hotel room that was facing the atrium. To my dismay, at 9:30 p.m. the Robbins acolytes proceeded to perform the famous fire walk, complete with chanting, whooping and hollering. Needless to say, I fled to the far corner of my room, pushed earplugs into position and wished for it to be over soon. By 11 p.m. I was exhausted and nearly in tears. Finally, the last fire-walker completed the dash and the group disbanded. 
 The above-described event could have been exciting, stimulating and entertaining; however, it had the opposite effect. When I returned home and described the goings on to my immediate co-workers back at my office, most of them could not understand why I didn't rush down to enjoy the excitement. That puzzled and even upset me. Some 15 years later Ms. Cain's book recently came into my possession and it has provided the answer to that old puzzle. 
 As in any engaging survey,  Quiet  begins with a few historic elements that capture the reader's attention - Rosa Parks' refusal to obey the bus driver in 1955 along with background on Carl Yung and other pioneers in the study of psychology, as well as clearly identifiable introverts like Bill Gates and Steve Jobs. It proceeds to explain the logic behind today's culture from a popular perspective and moves on to the physiological reasons behind the brain's response to stimulus. From there it explores the geographic clustering of introversion and extroversion in societies around the world. Lastly,  Quiet  offers really helpful suggestions for understanding the difference between the two types. (Actually, the extroversion and introversion tendencies that people have can be plotted graphically and they are more of a band with locations rather than two poles.) 
 If you're wondering if you are more introverted or extroverted, or if you have a good idea, this book is well-worth the time and money to broaden your understanding of how we function in today's atmosphere of fame and larger-than-life personalities. 
 As Ms. Cain so engagingly states, "If there is only one insight you take away from this book, though, I hope it's a newfound sense of entitlement to be yourself." 
 Highly recommended. 
 Ruta Arellano 
 A review copy was received from the publisher. 
 1 Comment 
 Filed under  Uncategorized 
 Tagged as  19th century ,  21st century ,  aggression ,  be yourself ,  Bill Gates ,  book review ,  Crown ,  Culture of Character ,  Dale Carnegie ,  extroverts ,  glad handers ,  hardbound book release ,  influence people ,  introverts ,  Joseph's Reviews ,  Kindle Edition ,  Mighty Likeable Fellow ,  nonfiction ,  Nook Book ,  personal development seminars ,  psychology ,  Quiet ,  quiet people ,  recommended books ,  Ruta Arellano ,  salespeople ,  self-acceptance ,  Steve Jobs ,  survey book ,  Susan Cain ,  The Power of Introverts ,  There's a Kind of Hush ,  Tony Robbins ,  Unleash the Power Within ,  Wall Street attorney ,  win friends 
 December 26, 2011 * 1:51 pm 
 It Was A (Very) Good Year 
 The Year-End Literary Review 
 In my opinion, this was a good to very good year to be a reader; not as good as 2010 in terms of its offerings, and hopefully not as good as what 's to come in 2012. Let's look at some of the highlights and lowlights of 2011. 
 The rise (and fall?) of the e-reader 
 The e-book readers offered by Amazon, Barnes & Noble and Sony began to finally take off in terms of general acceptance. Even a Luddite such as I am picked up a Nook Color tablet, as the issue of glare seemed to have been resolved with the fine screen manufactured by LG. But just as e-readers were taking flight, the reading public received some very disturbing year-end news ("…rising e-book prices causing sticker shock."). 
 It seems that publishers are about to kill their golden goose by raising the prices on e-books to levels that will match or exceed the print versions. Yes, it appears to be a replay of what happened with the recording industry… Music CDs first appeared with reasonable prices of $9.99 and then shot up to double that and more; and the industry then wondered what happened to their sales figures. Duh. 
 Fine biographies 
 It was a good time for biographies, the two most notable being  Steve Jobs  by Walter Isaacson and  Robert Redford  by Michael Feeney Callan. Both were examples of treating famous people as more than living legends - turning them into three-dimensional figures with true strengths and weaknesses. Callan's book is such a fascinating portrait of the actor that you'll want to see every film mentioned in it. 
 Intriguing debuts 
 It's always fun to discover new writers at the start of their career, and both  Proof of Heaven  by Mary Curran Hackett and  The Violets of March  by Sarah Jio were engaging life and love-affirming debut novels. Kudos! 
 Mixed memories 
 It was a mixed front when it came to personal memoirs. Christina Haag produced a singular New York Times Bestseller with  Come to the Edge: A Love Story  , her entertainingly nostalgic account of the five years she spent as the girlfriend of John F. Kennedy, Jr. If you've missed this one, it will be released in trade paper form in January - with a cover that's sure to capture the female reader's eye! (Some will remember that JFK, Jr. was once named "The Sexiest Man Alive" by People magazine.) 
 _A Widow 's Story: A Memoir _by Joyce Carol Oates might have been a groundbreaking account of what happens to a wife after her husband dies suddenly. But it was preceded four years earlier by Joan Didion's  The Year of Magical Thinking.  Oates's account unfortunately read like a note-for-note cover of Didion's earlier account. Oates and Didion are, no doubt, two of our best writers but only one of them could assemble a uniquely first tragic memoir. 
 A troubling trend 
 2011 was the year in which a few fictional works were introduced that I wound up calling "plotless novels." These were books whose plots generally centered around an ensemble cast of characters, occupying only a few days in time; time in which nothing noteworthy seemed to occur. Reading one of these novels is like, paraphrasing Jerry Seinfeld, perusing "a story about nothing." A few misguided or mischievous critics made them popular by praising them as being clever. Well, they were clever in getting a few unfortunate readers to pay money for a book without a beginning, middle or ending. 
 Hurry up, already 
 Another parallel troubling trend had to do with novels that took 90 or 100 pages to get to the beginning of the story. Any story that takes that long to get started is, trust me, not going to end well. 
 Good and very good, but not necessarily great 
 While there were some good and very good works to read this year, it's hard to think of standouts like we had in 2009 (  Her Fearful Symmetry  by Anne Niffenegger) or 2010 (  American Music  by Jane Mendelsohn,  Imperfect Birds  by Anne Lamott,  The Unnamed  by Joshua Ferris). One novel that did receive plenty of attention was  The Marriage Plot  by Jeffrey Eugenides, which the average reader seemed to find either brilliant or meandering and tedious. One hundred and sixty-eight readers posted their reviews on Amazon and these  love it  or  hate it  views balanced out to an average 3-star (of 5) rating. 
 Give me someone to love 
 Some were troubled by Eugenides' novel because of the lack of likeable characters, a critique to which I can relate. If an author does not give me a single character that I can identify with, trying to finish a novel seems pointless. Why invest the time reading a story if you simply don't care what happens to the characters the writer's created? 
 In summary 
 This year was filled with unrealized potential. Let's hope for a bit more excitement in the publishing world in 2012! 
 Joseph Arellano 
 Leave a comment 
 Filed under  Uncategorized 
 Tagged as  2009 ,  2010 ,  2011 ,  A Love Story ,  A Memoir ,  A Widow's Story ,  Amazon ,  American Music ,  Anne Lamott ,  Anne Niffenegger ,  bad news for e-readers ,  Barnes & Noble ,  best new writers ,  best writers ,  biographies ,  bios ,  book reviews ,  brilliant novel ,  Christina Haag ,  Come to the Edge ,  debut novels ,  e-books ,  ensemble cast of characters ,  Her Fearful Symmetry ,  Imperfect Birds ,  It Was A Very Good Year ,  Jane Mendelsohn ,  Jeffrey Eugenides ,  Jerry Seinfeld ,  Joan Didion ,  John F. Kennedy Jr. ,  John Kennedy Jr. ,  Joseph Arellano ,  Joseph's Reviews ,  Joshua Ferris ,  Joyce Carol Oates ,  kindle ,  LG ,  life affirming stories ,  Luddites ,  Mary Curran Hackett ,  meandering novel ,  memoirs ,  Michael Feeney Callan ,  mixed reviews ,  music CDs ,  new writers ,  Nook Color ,  novels ,  People Magazine ,  plotless novels ,  Proof of Heave ,  publishers ,  publishing industry ,  recomended books ,  retrospective ,  Robert Redford ,  Sarah Jio ,  Sarah Mitchell Jio ,  Sony ,  standout books ,  Steve Jobs ,  tedious story ,  The Marriage Plot ,  the sexiest man alive ,  The Unnamed ,  The Violets of March ,  the year in review ,  The Year of Magical Thinking ,  The Year-End Literary Review ,  three-dimensional bios ,  trade paperback release ,  troubling writing trends ,  unlikeable characters ,  unrealized potential ,  Walter Isaacson 
 December 5, 2011 * 10:38 am 
 The Book of Jobs 
 Steve Jobs by Walter Isaacson (Simon and Schuster, $35.00, 656 pages) 
 " When Steve Jobs speaks, it is with the enthusiasm of seeing the future and making sure it works." Fortune magazine in the late 1970s 
 " I had a very lucky career, a very lucky life. I've done all that I can do." Steve Jobs 
 Steve Jobs  , the biography by Walter Isaacson (originally entitled,  iSteve: The Book of Jobs  ) is an engaging biography that's unique in that it allows us to get to know the man even more than the ultra-legend. This is the amazingly true story of the person who was given up for adoption at birth, and went on to run the most valuable company on the face of the earth. Although his contemporary and life-long rival Bill Gates outgained him in personal wealth, Jobs succeeded in earning the respect of both computer technology experts and the average consumer as the developer and producer of increasingly better, always innovative products. 
 Jobs and Gates were two of the individuals - along with Steve Wozniak - who were more or less present at the creation of the personal computer (PC) age. Jobs and "Woz" were original members of The Homebrew Computer Club, an informal association in Menlo Park that had a hundred or so members; a club that heard a presentation by a young Gates from the Seattle region.  The Whole Earth Catalog  was then popular (some of you will need to ask your parents about it), and Jobs was to adopt its motto as one of his guideposts in life, "Stay hungry. Stay foolish." 
 As Isaacson finely illustrates in this account, Jobs was never afraid to make mistakes with his early and later Apple Computer products - he was to learn and absorb valuable lessons from each of his mistakes right up to the time of "Antennagate" with the iPhone ("Has Apple's Self-Destruction Begun?" was one of the headlines critiquing Jobs' decision-making early this year). If Jobs had been a college football coach, he would likely have been one that rarely called for a punt on fourth down; he would have often elected to go for post-TD two-point conversions. When it came to beating his competitors, Jobs wanted to "leave no doubt." 
 " The journey is the reward." Steve Jobs 
 While this book is not intended to be a comprehensive account of the PC and Silicon Valley, it gives us just enough information to understand where Apple fit in among its hardware, software and search technology alternatives such as Microsoft, Hewlett-Packard, Dell, Compaq, Google, Oracle, Adobe and others. If you've read numerous histories of the era, you will likely be surprised to see how both Larry Ellison and Bill Gates come off as nothing less than gentlemen in this telling. Ellison was especially close to Jobs, even offering to buy-out Apple Computer after Jobs' ouster. But Isaacson is not afraid to show us that Jobs was a human with flaws. In addition to possessing a temper which he claimed to be unable to control, Jobs "tended to be generally dismissive of philanthropic endeavors." This was the case even though his wife founded College Track, an organization making efforts to help economically disadvantaged kids get into college. Jobs never visited College Track's after-school centers in the poor high schools where the program was (and is) located. 
 Like a hammer that sees everything in sight as a nail, Jobs also tended to view technology as the solution to every one of society's difficult problems… A very ill Jobs was to personally lecture President Obama on his view that all education should be digital and interactive (physical classrooms, teachers and whiteboards arguably being obsolete); though, in fairness, Bill Gates has made similar comments - some of which are quoted in  Steve Jobs. 
 Isaacson clearly and comprehensively makes his case that Jobs belongs up there with Edison and Ford as one of the greatest business leaders in American history. He was a visionary, a big picture guy who could also master the smallest details. He was a technological artist who was to identify with both fuzzy inventor-creators and detail-oriented engineers. And he always understood that a sharp focus is the basic key to leadership, "Jobs insisted that Apple focus on just two or three priorities at a time." 
 " …he was a brilliant guy with great design taste and great engineering taste." Bill Gates 
 One of Jobs' ultimate victories was the knowledge that his adopted father had become enormously proud of his successes and achievements. This fine and detailed account, an initial draft of history, well makes the case that Jobs (creator of the most successful ever consumer product launches) was a man of whom the entire world was proud. What he sought as his own less than humble legacy was to come true; he sought "…a legacy that would awe people. A dual legacy, actually: building innovative products and building a lasting company." 
 Steve Jobs - the man who saw the future and built it for us. 
 Highly recommended. 
 Joseph Arellano 
 This book was purchased by the reviewer as a Nook Book download. It is also available in hardcover form, as a Kindle Edition download, and in abridged and unabridged audiobook versions. 
 Note: According to this biography, Steve Jobs once met in the late 70s with a class of Stanford University students and showed them a prototype of a laptop computer. He informed them that this was the type of PC that Apple would be building and selling in the 1980s. And Apple did so. Years later, he told a different class at Stanford that they would one day be using PCs "the size of a book." And now we have 7″, 8.9″, 9.4″, 9.7″ and 10.1″ tablet PCs.  
 1 Comment 
 Filed under  Uncategorized 
 Tagged as  1970s ,  1980's ,  A book review by Joseph Arellano: Steve Jobs ,  A book review site ,  abridged audiobook ,  Adobe ,  American history ,  Antennagate ,  Apple ,  Apple Computer ,  Apple Computers ,  Apple Inc. ,  Bill Gates ,  biography ,  book review ,  book review site wordpress ,  California ,  College Track ,  Compaq ,  Cupertino ,  Dell ,  Dell Computers ,  Dylan Baker ,  education ,  Fortune magazine ,  futurists ,  geniuses ,  Google ,  Henry Ford ,  Hewlett-Packard ,  Inc. ,  inventors ,  iPhone ,  iSteve ,  Joseph Arellano ,  Joseph's Reviews ,  Kindle Edition ,  Larry Ellison ,  Menlo Park ,  Microsoft ,  nonfiction ,  Nook Book ,  Oracle ,  Palo Alto ,  PCs ,  personal computers ,  personal legacy ,  philanthropy ,  President Barack Obama ,  recommended books ,  San Jose ,  Seatlle ,  Silicon Valley ,  Simon & Schuster ,  Stanford University ,  Steve Jobs ,  Steve Wozniak ,  Steven Paul Jobs ,  tablet PCs ,  technological innovations ,  technology ,  The Book of Jobs ,  the future ,  The Homebrew Computer Club ,  The Whole Earth Catalog ,  Thomas Edison ,  unabridged audiobook ,  Walter Isaacson ,  Wordpress book review site ,  Woz 
 December 4, 2011 * 2:50 pm 
 Coming Up Next… 
 A review of  Steve Jobs  by Walter Isaacson. 
 Leave a comment 
 Filed under  Uncategorized 
 Tagged as  abridged audiobook ,  Apple ,  Apple Computers ,  biography ,  California ,  Cupertino ,  Joseph's Reviews ,  Kindle Edition ,  Nook Book ,  personal computers ,  Silicon Valley ,  Steve Jobs ,  unabridged audiobook ,  Walter Isaacson 
 <- Older posts 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Recent Entries 
 
 On Fire 
 Searching in Vain 
 Cruel Summer 
 Cold As Ice 
 Black Like Me 
 Beyond the Sea 
 The Miraculous Cat 
 Lost and Found 
 Believe Me 
 Scoop the Ice Cream Truck 
 
 
 
 Links 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 A Bibliophile's Reverie 
 A Bookworm Called Jennie 
 A Bookworm's World 
 Adam Henig 
 Around the World in Books 
 Author Jennifer Dwight 
 Barnes & Noble Review (The) 
 Blogcritics 
 Blown Rubber Sole 
 Book clubbish 
 Book Keeping 
 Book Patrol 
 Booklist Online 
 Books Worth Reading 
 Bree's Book Blog 
 Chicago Review of Books 
 Chicago Tribune Printers Row 
 Chocolate and Vodka 
 Claire's Own Words 
 Constantly Moving the Bookmark 
 Contemporary Books 
 Daily (w)rite 
 DFW Running Blog 
 Huff Post Book Reviews 
 Hum(e)an Moments 
 Indie Hero 
 Kansas City Star - Books 
 Kirkus Reviews 
 Knite Writes 
 Laura's Reviews 
 Lifestyle Reviews 
 LindyLouMac's Book Reviews 
 London Review of Books 
 Los Angeles Magazine 
 Los Angeles Review of Books 
 Manhattan Book Review 
 Margot McGovern 
 Maurice On Books 
 Midwest Book Review 
 More Magazine Books Section 
 My Bookish Ways 
 mylittlebookblog 
 New York Bound Books 
 New York Review Books 
 New York Review of Books 
 New York Times Sunday Book Review 
 New Yorker Books 
 New Yorker Fiction 
 NPR Books 
 NYDN Books Blog Page Views 
 NYDN Sports 
 Only A Game Books Section 
 Pacific Rim Review of Books 
 paper in my shoe 
 Paris Review (The) 
 Patricia Abbot's blog 
 Portland Book Review 
 Pub(lishing) Crawl 
 Readers' Cafe 
 Review 31 
 Runner's Breakfast 
 RunRepeat 
 Sacramento Running News 
 San Diego Book Review 
 San Diego Union-Tribune Books 
 San Francisco Book Review 
 San Francisco Chronicle Books 
 Seattle Book Mama 
 Seattle P-I Book Reviews and News 
 She Writes 
 SL Book Blog 
 Special Needs Book Review 
 Speculative Assessments 
 St. Louis Post-Dispatch Books 
 Suzy Approved! 
 Sydney Review of Books 
 The Bookshelf Blog 
 The Debutante Ball 
 The Little Crooked Cottage 
 The Midwest Book Review 
 The Seattle Review of Books 
 The Second Disc 
 The Washington Independent Review of Books 
 The Washington Post Books 
 The Winnipeg Review 
 The Writing Asylum 
 theNewerYork! 
 Three Guys One Book 
 Time Out New York, Books 
 Tulsa Book Review 
 Unhealed Wound 
 Victoria Loustalot - Plays well with words. 
 Washington Independent Review of Books 
 What Frank Is Listening To 
 Writers on Writing Radio 
 Yale Books Unbound 
 
 
 
 
 
 Joseph's Reviews  * A book review site. 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
  Joseph's Reviews  
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
