A Few Things I Learned in the Butcher Shop 
 Applying my blue collar education to my white collar world. Or, what I learned about business and leadership as a young SOB (Son of a Butcher). 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
 Category Archives: Dirty Jobs I've Had 
 Motivation, Determination, Procrastination, Destination 
 Posted on  March 22, 2012  by  sftsob 
 Motivation & Determination: I wrote previously about why I spent the Labor Day holiday weekend repairing valve lifters. Well, 2 days before the Christmas holiday I touched down in Kansas City and texted my son - already well on his …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  Dirty Jobs I've Had  | Tagged  determination ,  Leadership ,  motivation ,  procrastination  |  Leave a comment 
 Premiums Given For Horses, Cattle, Hogs, Sheep 
 Posted on  January 18, 2012  by  sftsob 
 This post is rated NV-17: No Vegetarians under 17 years of age… For those of you who have never made it to the end of one of my long-winded posts, this is your chance. Today's post is just to share …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  Dirty Jobs I've Had  |  Leave a comment 
 Repairing Software is Easier than Repairing a Car 
 Posted on  December 31, 2011  by  sftsob 
 My loyal fan base - which I currently estimate at approximately 1 (plus or minus 1… Hi Mom) - will note that I haven't posted here since before the Labor Day holiday. That's because absolutely nothing happened in the last …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  Dirty Jobs I've Had  |  1 Comment 
 The Art (and Power) of Asking Good Questions 
 Posted on  August 25, 2011  by  sftsob 
 I'm reading the book The Innovator's DNA. It describes 5 key attributes exhibited by disruptive innovators, one of which is a "passion for inquiry". Innovators are skilled at asking questions. The authors also relate how Apple, Inc.'s Chairman of the Board Steve …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  Dirty Jobs I've Had  | Tagged  Good Question ,  innovation ,  Innovator's DNA ,  Steve Jobs  |  Leave a comment 
 To Spur Out of the Box Thinking, Don't Create a Box 
 Posted on  August 15, 2011  by  sftsob 
 I wrote in my initial post that one of the things about working for my Dad that drove me crazy was that he would give me a job to do but would refuse to tell me how to do the …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  Dirty Jobs I've Had  | Tagged  collaboration ,  creative thinking ,  innovation  |  1 Comment 
 Quality Issues Can Bring Entire Company to Halt 
 Posted on  July 6, 2011  by  sftsob 
 This is the first post where meat and software meet. It deals with the topic of quality, and how poor quality in the butcher shop can bring a company to halt in the same way that poor quality in the …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  Dirty Jobs I've Had  |  1 Comment 
 Old SOB Comes Out In San Francisco 
 Posted on  July 4, 2011  by  sftsob 
 OK, OK, I admit to a bit of sensationalism in the description of this post. While it is entirely accurate, it probably means something completely different than what you imagined. Let me explain by dissecting the title. Old: I've worked …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  Dirty Jobs I've Had  |  1 Comment 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Motivation, Determination, Procrastination, Destination 
 Premiums Given For Horses, Cattle, Hogs, Sheep 
 Repairing Software is Easier than Repairing a Car 
 The Art (and Power) of Asking Good Questions 
 To Spur Out of the Box Thinking, Don't Create a Box 
 
 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Motivation, Determin…  on  Repairing Software is Easier t… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Repairing Software i…  on  Quality Issues Can Bring Entir… 
 
 
 
 The Art (and Power)…  on  To Spur Out of the Box Thinkin… 
 
 
 
 To Spur Out of the B…  on  Old SOB Comes Out In San … 
 
 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 March 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 August 2011 
 July 2011 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 Dirty Jobs I've Had 
 Hiring 
 Musings 
 
 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 
  A Few Things I Learned in the Butcher Shop  
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
