MissyHissy's Job Centre 
 Welcome to the Job Centre for the Sims 3. Here, you'll find all the careers I create for the Sims 3 available for download. 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Updates 
 Notices 
 
 A Note About Translations 
 Languages 
 Ad-Free Status 
 
 
 The Job Board 
 The Student Board 
 Forum 
 Creation Policies 
 FAQ 
 
 Reporting Issues 
 Requesting Careers 
 
 
 The Wiki 
 
 <- Diving Career 
 Archaeology Career -> 
 Critic Career 
 Posted on  December 4, 2018  by  missyhissy 
 I bring you a Critic Career! Loosely inspired by the Sims 4 Critic Career however the only similarities are that the career branches into Food Critic and Art Critic. The levels are completely different. 
 For this career to show up in game, you’ll need  Nraas Careers Mod . 
 You will need  World Adventures  ,  Late Night  and  University  for this career. Various skills from each of these three expansions are used. It was made with patch 1.69. 
The career is in  English  , and supports  German  ,  Russian  ,  Brazilian Portuguese  ,  Dutch  and  French  translations. I’ll include translation instructions at the end. 
 The career is based at the  Business and Journalism  Office. To change the designated rabbithole to suit your own requirements, I have a tutorial  HERE . 
 It splits into two branches: The Food Critic and Art Critic branches. Each have 5 levels and focuses on the Charisma, Writing and Social Networking skills. The Food Branch also uses the Nectar Making, Cooking and Mixology skills and the Art branch uses the Painting skill. 
There are uniforms for all levels in this career. You can edit career outfits with patch 1.31 and above, so I highly suggest using this feature to give your Sims a uniform of your own choosing 
There are 7 Opportunities for the career. Details for these opportunities can be found  Here . 
Your Sim may receive a bonus on Snowflake Day if Seasons is installed. 
There is no boss for the top levels of the career. For other levels, Bosses can be controlled using  Master Controller . 
There are two custom tones: 
Write Review Notes, which builds the Writing skill 
Post Reviews To Blog, which builds the Social Networking skill. 
 
 Career Levels 
 1.  Critical Blogger  ~ There are some things in the world that just drive you mad. The paintings you saw at the latest art show at the gallery just weren't quite right and there was something extremely off-putting in that meal you dined on last week. Instead of keeping these criticisms to yourself, you're going to put them out to the world on a blog designed for a critic. 
§20/hour 
Hours: 12.00pm ~ 5.00pm 
Days: Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday 
 Food Branch 
 2.  Critical Reporter  ~ Every so often, a catering magazine asks you to report on the experimental dishes the local restaurants produce in order to make recommendations to the readers. It's entirely up to you to take the reins and sample the dishes before making your decisions. Be fair and reasonable but above all, be honest. 
§45/hour 
Hours: 9.00am ~ 4.30pm 
Days: Monday, Tuesday, Thursday, Friday, Saturday 
 3.  Radio Reviewer  ~ After great success with your critiques, the local radio station wants you to have the dinner time slot to air your critiques and reach a wider audience. It's a prime slot and could mean greater acclaim and respect for you as a critic and valued reviewer. Once again, keep the reviews honest and fair. 
§105/hour 
Hours: 4.00pm ~ 7.00pm 
Days: Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday 
 4.  Columnist  ~ Having reached an audience as far away as SimCity, the local newspaper is interested in you having a regular Food column to put your critiques and opinions into print for people to refer to. The pay's good and the hours aren't bad. The praise you're receiving for your work is heart warming and so with that in mind, go forth and write regularly! 
§185/hour 
Hours: 9.00am ~ 1.30pm 
Days: Monday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday 
 5.  Restaurant Reviewer  ~ Not only has your food reviews hit the spot and reached larger audiences than ever anticipated, but the papers and radio stations want you t start reviewing the restaurants themselves for cleanliness, politeness of staff and general food quality. This job is very important and you can't help but beam as you bear down on a new restaurant with pad and pen in hand. 
§235/hour 
Hours: 9.00am ~ 3.30pm 
Days: Monday, Teusday, Friday, Saturday 
 Art Branch 
 2.  Critical Reporter  ~ Each art show that comes into town has a selection of reporters, critics and reviewers in attendance to give opinions and reviews on the latest works of art. Now, you've been invited to share your opinions and reports on the shows with your followers. 
§45/hour 
Hours: 9.00pm ~ 2.30pm 
Days: Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Friday, Saturday 
 3.  Art Evaluator  ~ Your opinions have grown to be respected within the Fine Art community and you've been asked to attend a course in Art Evaluation. A very prestigious offer and one you can't turn down. Once you pass, you'll be asked to evaluate certain pieces of art and factor this into your reports and reviews. Good luck! 
§125/hour 
Hours: 9.00am ~ 3.00pm 
Days: Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday 
 4.  Columnist  ~ Having reached an audience as far away as SimCity, the local newspaper is interested in you having a regular Fine Art column to put your critiques and opinions into print for people to refer to. The pay's good and the hours aren't bad. The praise you're receiving for your work is heart warming and so with that in mind, go forth and write regularly! 
§185/hour 
Hours: 9.00am ~ 1.30pm 
Days: Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday, Friday 
 5.  Art Appraiser  ~ The artwork you've experienced so far has ranged from the truly incredible to the decidedly awful and as such, you've developed quite an opinion on all things artistic. Now is your time to shine and share those opinions with all and sundry. Enjoy the job, it's yours to keep! 
§235/hour 
Hours: 9.00am ~ 2.30pm 
Days: Monday, Wednesday, Friday 
 Translating 
I’m not fluent enough in any other languages to translate, so if you’re interested in translating this career into your language, then please download this  Language Strings  file and open the file up in Notepad. 
 Gameplay/Excel/Careers/CareerList:Example 
   Translate This Text   
 Do that for the entire file, then email me your translation to: missyhissy0913@hotmail.co.uk and let me know which language you’re translating to. 
 The career works for me but if you have any issues, please don’t hesitate to let me know and I’ll do my best to sort it as quickly as possible. 
 Credits go to: 
Twallan, for his wonderful Career mod! 
The NRaas team for keeping Twallan's mods updated! 
Arsil for teaching me how to make the opportunities 
Finally,  Angie  ,  Victor  ,  Doctsim  ,  Lessien Vardamir  and  SecretX  for translating! 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  Full-Time Career  and tagged  Full-Time ,  Late Night ,  Opportunities ,  Uniforms ,  University ,  World Adventures . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 <- Diving Career 
 Archaeology Career -> 
 2 Responses to  Critic Career 
 
 Angie  says: 
 
  December 20, 2018 at 12:08 am 
 Hello MissyHissy, the translation in german is on the way 🙂 
 Reply 
 * [missyhissy](https://missyhissysjobcentre.wordpress.com/) says:
 
  December 20, 2018 at 12:58 pm 
 Thank you! All updated! 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 
 
 
 Come and find me on Tumblr! 
 
 
 Follow The Job Centre 
 
  Tumblr  
  Twitter  
   
 
 
 
 Useful Information 
 
 Recommended Mods & Additions 
 Custom Rabbitholes 
 Zerbu's Ultimate Careers & My Careers 
 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Local Council Career 
 Basketball Career 
 Snowboarding Career 
 Football Career 
 Career Creators Chat Day! 
 
 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Snowboarder Career…  on  Snowboarding Career 
 
 
 
 
 
 The Basics for Orcha…  on  Veterinary Career 
 
 
 
 missyhissy  on  Nursing Career 
 
 
 Cbot_22 on  Nursing Career 
 
 
 
 
 missyhissy  on  IT Career 
 
 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 July 2020 
 December 2019 
 November 2019 
 June 2019 
 March 2019 
 February 2019 
 January 2019 
 December 2018 
 August 2016 
 April 2016 
 February 2016 
 September 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 August 2014 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 May 2013 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 
 Categories Select Category Full-Time Career Uncategorized 
 
 
 Tags 
 
 Afterschool Activities 
 Ambitions 
 Apprenticeships 
 Base Game 
 Career 
 Full-Time 
 Late Night 
 Opportunities 
 Pets 
 Seasons 
 Showtime 
 Supernatural 
 Uniforms 
 University 
 University Degree 
 World Adventures 
 
 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
 Discord Channels 
 
 Creators Cave 
 MissyHissy's Job Centre 
 
 
 
 Downloads 
 
 Ace Creators 
 Anubis Under the Sun 
 Around the Sims 3 
 b5Studio 
 Camille's Blog 
 Ice-Cream for Breakfast 
 Juliana's Corner 
 Kawab's Career Centre 
 Kimmie's Simmies 
 Lily's Sim Antics 
 Richard's The Sims 3 Custom Careers 
 SimSaraBim 
 The Sims Lounge 
 Totally Sims 
 Totally Sims Blog 
 Virtual Artisan 
 
 
 
 Forums 
 
 MissyHissy's Job Centre Forum 
 Nraas 
 Pixelated Puddings 
 
 
 
 MissyHissy 
 
 MissyHissy's College of Further Education 
 MissyHissy's Irish Dance Studio 
 MissyHissy's School For Gifted Sims 
 Sul-Sul Estate Agents 
 They're More Than Just Pixels 
 
 
 
 Sims 4 Stories 
 
 A Little Piece of England 
 The Daily Plumbob 
 The Moussa Generations 
 
 
 
 Stories 
 
 Bimlico 
 Entering Missy Valley 
 Honeycomb Valley 
 Margot's Sims 3 Jumble 
 Orchard Stables 
 Sandy Valley 
 SOLV2 
 Sunset Valley Chronicles 
 
 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 
  MissyHissy's Job Centre  
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 %d bloggers like this: 
