
 Menu 
 
 HOME 
 WORK FROM HOME 
 
 __200+ Best Work From Home Jobs 
 __Virtual Assistant Jobs 
 __Proofreading Jobs 
 __Transcription Jobs 
 __Stay at Home Mom Jobs 
 __Online Tutoring Jobs 
 __Delivery Driver App Jobs 
 __Search Engine Evaluator Jobs 
 
 
 MAKE MONEY 
 
 __Make Money From Home 
 __Make Money Online With PayPal 
 __Proven Passive Income Ideas 
 __Make Extra Money From Home 
 
 
 EXTRA CASH 
 
 __Money Making Apps 
 __How To Make Money Doing Surveys 
 __USA Paid Online Surveys 
 __UK Paid Online Surveys 
 
 
 BLOG 
 
 21 Side Hustle Jobs to Make More Money in 2020 
 Side Hustle Ideas ,  Earn Extra Cash ,  Make Money Online  July 22, 2020 
 This post may contain affiliate links. Please read our affiliate disclosure  to learn more. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 200shares 
 Are you looking for ways to make extra money? If yes, thank your lucky star. Below you'll find 21 side hustle jobs to make more money in 2020 and beyond. 
 Sometimes, your salary may come late. Or it is never enough. Or you just have extra time in your hands and wish to earn more. 
 If you have decided to use such opportunities to make some additional cash, you will be glad that you stopped here. 
 The 21 side hustle jobs below will get you started in your journey towards financial independence. 
 Keep reading for the best side hustles to make more money in 2020. 
 Side hustle jobs to make extra money 
 Read more:  19 Legit Ways To Make Money Online With PayPal 
 1.  Start a blog 
 Blogging is one of my favorite ways to earn money on the side. Starting a blog is a great way to make money passively. See, the blog posts you write today will earn you money years to come. 
 Moreover, you can choose to blog about topics that interest you. You can start a blog about anything; fitness, books, phones, kids, food, or gardening. Whatever interests you. 
 Furthermore, it is your blog; you get to update according to your schedule, and whenever you want to. However, consistency is key if you want to earn from your blog. 
 I started my first blog back in 2011 while still in college and have since created dozens of sites over the years (some for clients and others mine.) Because of blogging, I've never had to seek conventional employment and I get to spend more time with my loved ones. 
 How can you get started?  If you’re new to blogging and would love to get started on the right foot,  this in-depth step-by-step blogging blueprint  might be perfect for you. 
 2. Become a proofreader 
 Do you easily spot mistakes whenever you are reading? Are you hawk-eyed enough to spot errors so minor that a lot of other people won't detect? If yes, consider working as a proofreader. 
 Proofreading involves reading clients' manuscripts and correcting any errors. You will need to eliminate: 
 
 Spelling errors 
 Grammatical errors 
 Punctuation mistakes 
 Difficult to read sentences 
 Redundancy 
 Ambiguity 
 
 You should remove all these errors without altering the client's intended meaning. Your final draft should be flawless. 
 How can you get started?   Check out Caitlin Pyle’s  FREE proofreading workshop for beginners  to get you started on the right foot. This workshop is free and will equip you with the needed skills to get you started. 
 Caitlin is a successful proofreader who makes over $43, 000 per year. She has been a proofreader since 2007 and has helped over 4800 students start their proofreading side hustle jobs. 
 Related: 
 
 How To Become A Successful Proofreader (Interview with Caitlin Pyle) 
 17+ Websites To Find Online Proofreading Jobs From Home 
 7 Best Proofreading Courses 
 
 3. Get paid to deliver stuff with DoorDash or Postmates 
 If you have plenty of extra time, consider signing up as a delivery person with DoorDash or Postmates. You'll be picking up stuff bought by people from different stores and delivering them to their doors. 
 DoorDash deals with the delivery of food from restaurants to customers' doors. The best thing is, you do not need a car to get accepted on DoorDash. They allow you to use a bike, a scooter, or even foot, as long as the distance is short. 
 DoorDash operates in over 4000 cities in Canada and the US. You can earn anything between $18 and $25 per hour on DoorDash. Full-time delivery people on DoorDash can make up to $700. 
 Click here to join DoorDash 
 Postmates is another delivery app you may want to look at. Postmates deals with the delivery of food, alcohol and groceries. It operates in over 2500 cities in the US. The best thing about Postmates is they give you delivery bags. This will make your delivery more convenient. 
 Click here to join Postmates 
 Related:  15 Best Delivery App Jobs Hiring in Today 
 4. Get paid to transcribe audio files 
 Transcription entails listening to audio files and typing what you hear on word processing software. So to succeed in transcription, you need an excellent set of noise-canceling headsets. Some companies may require you to have transcription software. 
 You may need to get some training to start transcription on the right foot.  Check out this  FREE mini course by Janet Shaughnessy . This is a sure way to kick-start your transcription career on a high note. 
 
 There are lots of transcription companies that are always hiring. Some of the most popular transcription companies include SpeechPad, Rev, GoTranscript, TigerFish, TranscribeMe, and Casting Words. Most gigs in these companies will pay you $8-$25 per hour audio. 
 Read more:  30 Best Online Transcription Jobs From Home 
 5. Earn Extra Money answering surveys 
 Getting paid to complete surveys online is one easy way to make some extra cash during your free time. Companies and businesses are looking for opinions of consumers and the general public. This is why they will pay you for your views. 
 
 
 Swagbucks  is one of the best companies that will pay you for your opinions. Swagbucks has over 15 million members. It has been operating for over a decade. Other than answering surveys, Swagbucks will also pay you for watching videos, playing games, and searching the web. Additionally, you will pocket a cool $5 for just signing up on Swagbucks.  Click here to join Swagbucks 
 
 
 Survey Junkie  is another reputable survey company you may like. Survey Junkie has over 5 million members. You will earn points, which you can redeem to gift cards, or PayPal cash. Other than taking surveys, Survey Junkie will pay you handsomely to test products and participate in focus groups. Focus groups' participation can earn you up to a cool $150 per hour, while product testing can make you up to $50.  Click here to join Survey Junkie 
 
 
 MyPoints  is another crucial role player in the survey industry. MyPoints has been operating since 1996, and it has over 20 million members. Surveys on this site will pay you anything between a few cents and $50. You will, however, know how much you will make before you start answering the survey. Other than taking surveys, MyPoints will also pay you for playing games, referring friends, searching the web, and reading emails. You can withdraw via PayPal, or request a gift card. This opportunity is available for the US and Canada residents only.  Click here to join Mypoints 
 
 
 InboxDollars  is another household name when it comes to surveys. Most of the studies on this platform will pay you anything between $0.02 and $5. Many of the active members on this platform earn between $15 and $60 per month. You can withdraw via PayPal or request gift cards. Besides surveys, you can make for playing games, reading emails, watching videos and shopping online. This US company has a particular interest in an American audience. The US residents receive most opportunities. However, there are opportunities for other countries too.  Click here to join InboxDollars 
 
 
 Related: 
 
 How To Make Money Doing Surveys (Over $500/Mo) 
 17 Online Surveys That Pay Through PayPal 
 19 Most Rewarding Surveys – Best Online Surveys For Money & Rewards 
 
 6. Become an online writer 
 Online writing involves creating written content for clients. So, if you love the art of writing, this could be your best fit. Some of the pieces you may write include blog posts, social media posts, speeches, product reviews, and press releases. 
 All you need to excel in online writing is a good internet connection, a good command of English, excellent research skills, and a computer. However, if you want to start your writing career on a higher note, consider getting some training. 
 Holly Johnson, a super successful freelance writer, earns OVER $200,000 a year. According to her, beginners can earn at least $40,000 per year from online writing. 
 How can you get started?  Holly Johnson has created a  FREE introductory trainin g on how to build a six-figure writing career. Be sure to check it out to help you start on the right foot. 
 Read more:  20+ Freelance Writing Jobs Online For Beginners With No Experience 
 7. Make extra money flipping items online 
 Flipping entails purchasing items at a low price and reselling them at a higher price. 
 To make the most out of flipping, you must know where to get your merchandise at a lower price. You can source for goods from flea markets or stores that sell them at a lower price. Always take advantage of offers whenever stores have them. 
 Also, you must know where to find customers who will purchase them at a higher price. You can market your goods on social media platforms or sites such as eBay. 
 Rob, a super successful flipper made over $130,000 buying items from thrift stores and flea markets and reselling them on eBay. 
 Sign up for Rob’s FREE workshop  to learn how to start a profitable reselling business in as little as 14 days. Be sure to also get yourself Rob’s  FREE eBook called Beginner’s Guide to selling on eBay . 
 8. Rent out your car using GetAround 
 GetAround is a site that lets you earn from your car. If you have extra time, and a car, consider signing up on this site. 
 You will first have to enrol your car. Start by submitting your car's and your details via their website. The GetAround team will get back to you to help set up your profile. 
 After your profile has been set, your car will be available for renting. You can set and display its availability. Also, you can carshare for money. 
 It is your responsibility to manage the availability of your car, and also, keep it in perfect condition. 
 If you have a car idling at home, this might be one of the most perfect side hustle jobs. 
 Click here to join GetAround 
 Side hustle jobs online 
 Read more:  7+ Easy Ways To Make Extra Money Working From Home 
 9. Become a Virtual Assistant 
 Virtual Assistant jobs involve performing various administrative tasks on behalf of your clients. It merely is, working as a personal assistant, but remotely, and sometimes with flexible working hours. 
 Some of the tasks you can expect to work on include: 
 
 Scheduling appointments 
 Managing Google calendar 
 Booking travel such as flights 
 Making reservations 
 Answering and sending emails 
 Picking and making calls 
 Managing social media platforms 
 
 Most virtual assistant jobs will pay you between $35 and $50 per hour. Gina Horkey, a successful virtual assistant, has been earning over $100/hr. Check out  this interview  I had with her. 
 Gina has created an awesome training course where she teaches everything you need to know about becoming a successful virtual assistant.  Click here to check out Gina Horkey’s virtual assistant training course. 
 
 Related:  17 Best Virtual Assistant Jobs From Home (Available Even For Beginners With No Experience) 
 10. Earn $5 for joining Acorns 
 Acorns is a company that helps its members invest from their pocket change. See, when you shop online, there is always some little change. The money is usually little, you can barely use it for anything. 
 But have you ever thought how important the little change could be when the cash accumulates over time? 
 Acorns gathers this little money for its members and makes investments on their behalf. You can access our funds whenever you want to. 
 Acorns will pay you $5 for just signing up. You, however, must be a US resident, and above 18 years. 
 Click here to join Acorns 
 11. Get paid by Rover to play with pets 
 If you a dog or cat lover, I am sure you will love it on Rover. 
 Rover clients are people who are looking for pet sitters, as they run other errands. If you can pet sit people's pets when they are away, sign up on Rover today. Some clients will expect you to pet sit in their houses, and some will allow you to have the pets over at your home. 
 Sign up on Rover and see if you land some pet sitting gigs in your town. You can potentially make $1000 per month as a pet sitter on Rover. 
 Click here to join Rover 
 12. Earn FREE money as sign up bonuses 
 Do you love free money? Of course, you do. Some sites pay its members just for signing up. This is free money because signing up is pretty easy, and not every other website will pay you signing up. 
 
 
 Swagbucks  is a household name in the survey industry. You will earn free $10 for just signing up. The 'welcome bonus' as referred to as by Swagbucks, will be credited to your account when you finish the sign-up process.  Click here to join Swagbucks 
 
 
 InboxDollars  is another site that will pay you a sign-up bonus. This site pays its members to answer surveys, play games, watch videos and read emails. InboxDollars will pay you $5 for just signing up.  Click here to join InboxDollars 
 
 
 Opinion Inn  is another site well known for giving free registration bonuses to new members. The best thing about this particular site is, signing up is very straightforward. You will only need to fill in some necessary information and complete your profile before pocketing your $10.  Click here to join Opinion Inn. 
 
 
 Mypoints  pays its new members $10 for signing up and completing their profiles. If you are a US and Canadian resident, this is free cash you can earn within minutes. MyPoints will pay you to answer surveys, play games, read emails and watch videos.  Click here to join Mypoints . 
 
 
 13. Join HyreCar & get paid to deliver with Uber and Lyft 
 HyreCar is a platform that allows you to rent a car for ridesharing. Rideshare drivers can rent vehicles to drive for companies such as Uber and Lyft. 
 And if you're a car owner, you can list it on HyreCar and get connected to drivers who need a car. 
 Are you worried about the safety of our car? HyreCar allows you to set the rules of using your vehicle. This way, chances that your vehicle will be maintained as you desire will be increased. 
 Click here to Join HyreCar. 
 14. Sell Services on Fiverr 
 Fiverr is a freelancer's marketplace that allows freelancers to sell their services to their clients. The minimum a freelancer can earn from a gig on this platform is $5. However, they now allow you to set your rates. 
 Some of the tasks you can sell on Fiverr include creating websites and logos, captioning, voice-acting, and freelance writing. 
 Sign up on Fiverr  today and start selling different services to clients. 
 15. Install the Nielsen App and earn $50 
 Nielsen app will pay you $50 per year for just browsing the internet. Why would you be searching the web for free, yet Nielsen will pay out for that. 
 The $50 will be as good as free money because Nielsen works in the background. All you have to do is sign up with them and install the app in all the devices you use to browse the internet. After the installation, browse the internet as usual. 
 Nielsen collects data on human internet behaviour. It uses this data to help improve the marketing tactics of companies. 
 Click here to install the Nielsen app 
 Side hustle jobs from home 
 Read more:  20 Online Side Jobs To Make Extra Money From Home 
 16. Get paid to watch videos online 
 Watching videos is a fun way to pass our free time. However, you can turn this leisure activity to a money-making venture. Some companies pay their members to watch videos and ads. 
 This is sure to earn you some cash whenever you are free. The best thing about this, you can let the videos run as you cook, do your laundry, drive, queue, or other house chores. 
 
 
 Swagbucks  is one of the companies that will pay you to watch videos. They have both long and short videos. You get to select what suits your schedule best. You will earn points referred to as 'SB' once you complete a task on Swagbucks. You can redeem the points to gift cards or PayPal cash.  Click here to join Swagbucks . 
 
 
 You can also watch videos on  InboxDollars . InboxDollars is consistent when it comes to the videos. You will have a short clip to watch daily. You can receive your earnings via PayPal, prepaid visa card, check by mail or gift cards.  Click here to join InboxDollars . 
 
 
 MyPoints  is another popular get-paid-to site that will pay you to watch videos. Sign up on MyPoints and start watching videos for gift cards or PayPal cash.  Click here to join Mypoints . 
 
 
 17. Earn Cashback with Dosh 
 Dosh would be your best bet if you love shopping online, or if you eat out frequently. Dosh gives its members an exciting cashback experience. 
 If you shop via the Dosh portal, you will earn some cashback. This applies to eating out in select restaurants. 
 Start by signing up on Dosh , and then link your account to your credit cards. Proceed to eat out and shop online, and earn a percentage of your cashback. 
 The best thing about Dosh, you do not need to scan any receipts as your proof. You will receive your cashback automatically. Many other cashback sites require you to scan your receipts as evidence of purchase. 
 18. Sell your unwanted stuff on Decluttr 
 I am sure you have stuff in your house that you no longer need. It could be books you have already read countless times, items your baby has outgrown such as strollers, tablets, furniture, jewellery and toys. 
 My best way to declutter is, I ask myself if I would still buy a specific item if I were to go back in time. If the answer is no, out it goes. 
 If you have items you want to dispose of,  sign up on Decluttr . They will connect you to customers who may be interested in purchasing whatever you have to sell. 
 Decluttr lets you scan the bar code of whatever you want to sell. They would then tell you for how much you can sell the item for. Decluttr will then organize for shipping. Yours will be to wait for your money two days after the shipping. 
 You will receive your payment either by check or direct deposit. 
 19. Design & sell t-shirts online via Spreadshirt 
 Spreadshirt is a website that gives its members a platform to open their design and t-shirts store. All you have to do is create designs and logos for t-shirts or hoodies. Spreadshirt will then market the models for you. 
 Once a purchase is made, Spreadshirt will have it printed and shipped. Your task will be to come up with designs only. Other than creating t-shirt designs, you can create designs for hats, mugs, and phone cases. 
 Sign up today on Spreadshirt  and let your creativity earn you some cash. 
 20. Earn Money Doing Chores and Odd Jobs via Task Rabbit 
 Task Rabbit  is a website where people seek help, especially in unskilled labor. Here, you can land jobs such as moving heavy furniture, packing and offloading items, cleaning, delivery, and any other handy task. 
 The best thing about Task Rabbit is, you will be notified whenever there is a job you can grab near you. When signing in, Task Rabbit will require you to fill in your location so they can match you with jobs close to you. 
 21. Answer questions on JustAnswer 
 JustAnswer  is a website that pays its members to share their professional expertise. As an expert on Just Answer, you will answer people who have questions in your professional field. 
 Some of the areas include wellness, engineering, veterinary services, law, car and motor services, Finance, Computer Science, among other fields. 
 JustAnswer allows you to set your work schedule. You also answer questions you want to. There is no obligation of solving a specific problem. 
 Sign up on JustAnswer, and provide the necessary credentials and certifications. Your documents will undergo a background test before you are approved. You will receive an email if you get approved. 
 JustAnswer pays its experts monthly, via PayPal. 
 Which of these side hustle jobs do you like most? 
 Finding a  side hustle  is the ideal way to make more cash or to get yourself out of a financial fix. If you need some extra money, I highly recommend the above sites and apps. 
 The sites and apps above are legit and will pay you to perform different tasks. Sign up on websites you like, and start making some extra cash on the side. 
 What is your experience with some of the sites above? What other side hustle jobs would you recommend to people looking to make extra cash? Please do let us know in the comment box below. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 200shares 
   
 Tags: make money ,  side hustles ,  side money ideas 
 Related Posts 
   
 10 Best Cashback Apps to Save or Make Extra Money When Shopping 
 The best cashback apps to save or make … 
   
 DailyRewards Canada Review - Legit or Scam? 
 Taking surveys is one of the ways you … 
   
 Get Paid To Read Emails: 12 Sites & Apps That Pay 
 Can you really get paid to read emails? … 
   
 7 Proven Passive Income Ideas That Can Make You $1000+ Per Month 
 Discover some cool passive income ideas that are … 
   
 17 Online Surveys That Pay Through PayPal 
 Want to earn PayPal money for surveys? Taking … 
   
 Absolutely Free Money! 13 Easy Ways to Earn Free Money Online in 2020 
 Do you know that you can earn free … 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel Reply 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 
 __ 
   
 POPULAR POSTS 
 
   
 
 200+ Best Work From Home Jobs: Top Companies With Remote Jobs 
 
   
 
 25 Real Ways to Make Money From Home & Create A Life You Love 
 
   
 
 10 Best Paid Survey Sites For USA Residents 
 
   
 
 30 Best Online Transcription Jobs From Home 
 
   
 
 7+ Easy Ways To Make Extra Money Working From Home 
 __ __ __ __ 
 Hi and welcome to WorkAtHomeSmart.com! I'm Norbert Juma, passionate about the web & financial freedom. I started this site to be a resource for people looking to work from home and make money online. 
 RECENT POSTS 
 
 
 2020 Work-From-Home Black Friday Offers & Discounts (Big Savings!) 
 
 
 19 Genuine Online Data Entry Jobs Without Investment 
 
 
 Get Paid For Shopping With These Cashback Apps 
 
 
 15 PayPal Games for Money: Earn Money Playing Games Online 
 
 
 20+ Online Typing Jobs With Free Registration 
 
 
 AFFILIATE DISCLOSURE 
 Some of the links on our site are affiliate links, meaning that if you click on one of the links and purchase an item, we may receive a commission. All opinions, however, are our own and we do not accept payments for positive reviews. 
 VISIT US ON SOCIAL MEDIA 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
 Earnings Disclosure 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 WorkAtHomeSmart.com  Copyright (C) 2020. 
 Built with  Magnus 
