We use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our site, analyze site traffic, and understand where our audience is coming from. To find out more, please read our  privacy policy. 
 By choosing 'I Accept', you consent to our use of cookies and other tracking technologies. 
 I Accept 
 We use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our site, analyze site traffic, and understand where our audience is coming from. To find out more, please read our  privacy policy. 
 By choosing 'I Accept', you consent to our use of cookies and other tracking technologies. Less 
 I Accept 
 We use cookies and other tracking technologies... More 
 I Accept 
 Login or register 
 to apply for this job! 
 Login or register 
 to save this job! 
 Login or register to start contributing with an article! 
 Login or register 
 to see more jobs from this company! 
 Login or register 
 to boost this post! 
 Show some love to the author of this blog by giving their post some rocket fuel 🚀. 
 Login or register to search for your ideal job! 
 Login or register to start working on this issue! 
 Engineers who find a new job through Python Works average a 15% increase in salary 🚀 
 Start with GitHub Start with Twitter Start with Stack Overflow Signup with Email Login with Email 
 PythonWorks 
 
 Jobs 
 Open Source Issues 
 Articles 
 Companies 
 
 Sign Up Login 
 Continue with 
 GitHub Stack Overflow Twitter Email 
 
 Jobs 
 Issues 
 Articles 
 Companies 
 Metrics 
 For Employers 
 
 
 [ 
 Driftrock 
 ](/companies/driftrock) 
 
 10-49 
 
 Acquire, Measure and Convert more customers from Facebook, Google and LinkedIn Driftrock was founded in 2014 with the goal to make marketing better. There’s no excuse for being chased around the internet by images of products you’ve already bought. We believe marketing should be as compelling as content from your friends. This is only possible with through the smarter use of data. People data can be used to both protect privacy, and deliver relevant, useful content that people actually want to see. When you do this, brands also benefit from better results. We work with awesome clients like BMW, Heineken and Honda, and are proud to be official marketing partners of Facebook, Google and LinkedIn. We’re a team of passionate, friendly, driven people who work hard, but also believe that you can do that whilst still enjoying life! We have a balanced, flexible culture where we have fun and achieve big things for the company and our awesome clients. 
 React Advertising Early Stage Venture Google Cloud KUBERNETES Ruby On Rails Generous PTO Stock Options 
 All Jobs from Driftrock 
 Senior Software Developer£45K - 90KDriftrockLondon, United Kingdom 
 Code in Elixir with growing Marketing tech startup 
 elixir react ruby 
 More Info Apply 
 WorksHub 
 📧 hello@works-hub.com 
 🇬🇧 81 Rivington Street, London, EC2A 3AY 
 🇺🇸 108 E 16th Street, New York, NY 10003 
 WorksHub 
 Careers Companies Sitemap Metrics Functional Works Blockchain Works JavaScript Works Ai Works Golang Works Java Works Python Works Remote Works 
 For companies 
 For employers Register company Pricing and plans Request a demo Terms of Service 
 Jobs 
 Python jobs Django jobs Ansible jobs 
 Locations 
 Jobs in New York Jobs in London Jobs in San Francisco Jobs in Berlin Jobs in Barcelona Remote Jobs 
 Articles 
 Python articles 
 
 © 2020 WorksHub 
 Privacy Policy 
 Developed by WorksHub 
