Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Kinesiologist - Helping seniors live healthy & fulfilling lives in Victoria 
 PhysioCare At Home 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 PhysioCare at Home helps seniors live healthy and fulfilling lives. We are a large team of Physiotherapists with extensive experience in providing professional in-home physiotherapy & education to seniors and their families. Due to the high demand for our services, we are looking for a dynamic  Kinesiologist  to join our team in  Victoria  to provide clients with a functional fitness exercise program. 
 This is a mobile position where you will visit clients in their home or retirement community helping them maintain functional fitness, mobility, balance and independence. 
 Key responsibilities: 
 
 Carry out a functional fitness exercise program, in coordination with a Physiotherapist 
 Update electronic charting with outcomes and patient progress 
 Promote health, mobility, and independence within the patient's home 
 Communicate regularly with the Physiotherapist, family members, and appropriate care team 
 Coordinate special equipment requirements 
 
 Requirements: 
 
 Post secondary education in Kinesiology 
 Practicing Member of the British Columbia Association of Kinesiologists 
 Geriatric/Neurological experience 
 Knowledge of public & private healthcare systems 
 Passion to serve seniors and ability to build a strong rapport with clients and their families 
 A desire for personal and professional growth 
 Valid drivers license and vehicle 
 
 To apply, please email the contact below with your resume and answer the following questions: 
 1. Why did you become a Kinesiologist? 
 2. Why do you desire to help seniors live healthy and fulfilling lives? 
 3. What is your current/future availability? 
 About PhysioCare At Home:  PhysioCare at Home is a large team of physiotherapists with extensive experience in providing professional in-home physiotherapy & education to seniors and their families. We have been providing in-home physiotherapy for the past 16 years and are committed to providing the highest standard of care possible. Our caring & trustworthy team counts it a great privilege to serve seniors in their home and is committed to helping seniors live healthy & fulfilling lives. 
 www.physiocareathome.com 
 Job Type: Part-time with the ability to increase over time 
 Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Contract 
 Experience: 
 
 Kinesiology: 1 year (Required) 
 
 Location: 
 
 Victoria, BC (Required) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 Kinesiology Degree (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
