
 
 
 
 
 
 QUESTIONS? CALL:  44-203-936-54-39  (UK Toll Free)   1-888-253-0045  (USA/Canada Toll Free) OR  Chat us on Skype 
 
 We provide opportunities to travel, live and explore China while teaching English. 
 ** 
 44-203-936-54-39  (UK Toll Free) 
  1-888-253-0045  (USA/Canada Toll Free) 
 ** 
Email:  [email protected] 
 WeChat ID: alexandra_taylor 
 Zhong Jun World City, building C, Chaoyang District, Beijing, China 
  Open in Google Maps  
 
 HOME 
 ESL JOBS IN CHINA 
 
 WHY TEACH ENGLISH IN CHINA? 
 SHANGHAI 
 SHENZHEN 
 BEIJING 
 XUZHOU 
 SUZHOU 
 ZHENGZHOU 
 WEIHAI 
 WUXI 
 FUZHOU 
 TAIZHOU 
 WUHAN 
 GUANGZHOU 
 HANGZHOU 
 DALIAN 
 FOSHAN 
 HONG KONG 
 More cities 
 More jobs 
 
 
 ABOUT US 
 TESTIMONIALS 
 BLOG 
 RESOURCES 
 
 F.A.Q. 
 How to apply 
 Teachers' Gallery 
 Documents Legalization 
 Chinese Consulates 
 Third-Party Visa Handlers 
 How to apply for a Chinese Visa 
 Interview Tips 
 Mandarin courses in China 
 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 APPLY  NOW 
 2 
 David Mitchell 
 Monday, 25 March 2019 /  Published in   General 
 14 Reasons to Teach English in China in 2020 
 
 " Why work and teach English in China?" you might ask. 
 China might seem an unrealistic option for some people, but in fact, it’s so the opposite! 
 China welcomes to teach English – native or non-native ones – as the language is constantly in high demand: more than 390 million people here are learning or have learned it before. 
 It’s also among the best-paying countries to teach English! 
 ‘Do I have the qualifications?’ you might ask. Actually, if you speak fluently, have the courage and feel like teaching children or adults, you are ready to apply. 
 In Chinese schools, you don’t need a TEFL or TESOL certificate or any prior experience (it’s a big plus, though, if you do!). 
 You don’t even have to be a native speaker – hundreds of teachers come there from all over the world, no matter if their home country is English-speaking or not. 
 Many of those, who got this experience, state, that coming to China was the best financial decision they could have made, because working here is both culturally enriching and extremely profitable, plus the teaching English requirements are low. 
 If you still aren’t sure, here is a list of 14 good reasons why you should definitely choose China as your destination. 
 Great way to save money 
 Isn’t it the first thing you think about? Don’t worry, the pay is adequate and will get you comfortable living and let you save for a rainy day. 
 Depending on your experience and the level of your language and professional skills, you can count on a salary from $1,500 to $2,400 plus extras like free accommodation and a contract completion bonus. 
 The sum may not seem impressive at first, but your level of life will be far above which makes it one of the best paid international teaching jobs. 
 Bear in mind, that your school will pay bills, so, technically, the only thing you’ll have to pay for is food. Not bad! 
 The flight ticket and travel expenses will be also covered by the school. 
 Another good news: national holidays will give you a few paid weeks off. 
 Low cost of living 
 Actually, our clients say, you should try really hard to spend all your monthly salary and not put something by. 
 Living here is a lot cheaper than in Europe or North America, especially if you are ready to eat national dishes instead of Western food. 
 Otherwise, you’ll spend a lot in local restaurants, because Western cuisine is way more expensive here. 
 A Chinese vacancy for English teachers will get you a high standard of life here, since $1000 in Asia can buy more, than anywhere else. 
 In fact, to imagine how much you could afford in China, you have to triple the sum. 
 Now you see, that you can easily put by up to 50% or even 80% of your wages, which is a common practice among foreign teachers. 
 With $1,500 alone you could rent a comfortable apartment in the center of Shanghai or Beijing, eat out every day and still save for traveling or other things, isn’t it amazing? 
 Flexible schedules 
 Some people prejudice against the Chinese lifestyle, thinking, that once you get hired, you’ll work non-stop and without decent weekend or vacation. That is so not true! 
 Firstly, teaching vacancies in private schools normally offer a 25 or 30-hour workweek including prep time with two days off, plus national holidays. 
 You won’t feel overwhelmed with classes or be buried under a pile of tests – quite the opposite! All our clients said, that they had plenty of leisure time, traveled a lot on weekends and felt comfortable. 
 Most of them also taught extra lessons. 
 Teaching schedules are modified and discussed with the employee because the need for a balance between personal life and work is very well understood in Asia. 
 Useful for CV 
 Especially if you are planning to continue in this field, having professional experience in China will help a lot: 
 
 work experience abroad 
 work with international students, where you create an English-speaking environment in the class 
 learn how to deal with specific difficulties, Asian students have in English 
 get new skills and practice different approaches 
 possibly learn Chinese 
 
 Everyone knows, that international experience is priceless: all well-paid teaching jobs are usually offered to those, who have it, because working abroad mobilizes your knowledge, lets you learn fast and cope with unexpected situations better. 
 All this is vital for an ESL specialist, so China is a place where you can both earn good money and get valued experience to make the CV more attractive. 
 If this experience is to be the very first one, then it’s your chance to learn a new profession, get certified to teach English to foreigners and get a decent job straight away! 
 Assistance for foreigners 
 Foreign specialists in China are never left alone, especially if they are lost, have problems or need assistance. 
 If a newcomer doesn’t speak Mandarin, he will survive just fine, because colleagues from school and administrators are always ready to help, translate and share a useful tip on where to escape on the weekend or which store is best. 
 Remember, that all English teaching jobs in China for non-native speakers and natives include the help of a local teacher during the class and outside (meeting at the airport, renting an apartment, etc.) 
 Large choice of schools 
 You are free to choose the place you like. 
 Depending on what kind of town and school you prefer, you can either get a position at a Beijing public school, a language school in a smaller city or a private school in a very authentic small Chinese town. 
 You can apply for a part-time job or a full-time position. 
 You can choose the type of students you prefer – young children, teens or adults. 
 Instead of wondering ‘Where can I find teaching jobs?’, we advise you to ask yourself "Where do I want to teach?", because that’s the right question for you now. 
 There are plenty of schools out there, looking for an ESL teacher, so it’s up to you to decide which one to pick. 
 Enthusiastic and respectful students 
 English is very popular in Asia: people want to learn it and they are fond of foreign teachers. 
 Be prepared to feel a superstar both in the street and in your classroom, because Chinese students love looking at and speaking to someone from abroad – especially children. 
 Unlike American or European students, Asian ones are more enthusiastic, a lot more motivated and respectful: be prepared to be treated like royalty, given small gifts and snacks as a sign of respect! 
 China is surely one of the very best places to work as a teacher because children here are unspoiled, hardworking and appreciate every little bit of creativity you bring into the class. 
 Cultural diversity 
 The country is as big as the US with around 56 ethnic groups and lots of regional languages, habits and favorite sports. 
 There is no such thing as official religion here because everyone has different practices (some have none). 
 You see, China is extremely diverse and full of wonders – you just need to step outside familiar districts, leaving your prejudices and stereotypes behind. 
 If you get to visit different regions, you’ll see how diverse and unique their lifestyles, clothing, traditions, and food are. 
 Even houses are very different – compare high-perched Diaojiaolou houses, boat-shaped village huts, and Siheyuan residences – how beautiful and unlike each other are they! 
 Authentic Chinese food 
 Let’s face it, Europeans and Americans can’t cook traditional Chinese meals the way they are supposed to be made! 
 Good news is that once you get to work here, you’ll be able to enjoy all the riches of the local cuisine, moreover, that won’t cost you a fortune. 
 The bad news is that you’ll probably suffer for the rest of your life, eating foreign versions of it outside Asia – or will come running back very soon! 
 China is one of those international opportunities for teachers, that will not only develop your professional skills but also your taste for delicious spring rolls and wontons. 
 Chances are, you will learn how to make those yourself too! 
 Opportunity to learn Mandarin 
 As a teacher, you should know, that learning a language in the country where it’s spoken is way easier and more efficient, than back home. 
 That is why signing a contract there might be a chance to learn it while you are among native speakers. 
 Our clients keep being astonished at how fast a foreigner gets to start speaking – first, using basic words and sentences at a shop, gradually learning to hold an everyday conversation with colleagues and friends. 
 Although, studying the language is not a must since this knowledge won’t affect the salary of English teaching jobs in China, but if you happen to be interested, you’ll progress in no time! 
 Side note: written Mandarin is a whole different thing, which normally takes more time and effort. 
 Advance your career 
 China’s economy is constantly growing, which means, that there are vacancies and good specialists are needed – especially those with good knowledge of English and preferably speaking Chinese. 
 If you plan to stay in the country for more than a couple of years, then you might like to know that teaching opportunities in Asia do not end with one-year contracts for foreigners. 
 Ambitious teachers are welcome to stay at the school and help it grow, becoming a senior teacher, being able to influence the way English is taught, improving teaching materials etc. 
 In fact, coming to China might be the right career move for you, because here you can advance faster if you are a hardworking and creative kind of person. 
 Travel around China and abroad 
 Those, who are eager to discover the ancient culture of the country, see new places, visit the Great Wall of China, learn things and meet people, will easily satisfy their cultural hunger. 
 China is one of the best places to teach internationally not only because of the pay and cost of living but because of its diverse culture and beautiful traditions. 
 Its natural heritage is amazing too: imagine the vast Gobi desert, endless Inner Mongolia grasslands, and the famous Tiger Leaping Gorge! 
 Other parts of Asia are also easily accessible from big Chinese cities: Seoul is only 1 hour away from Beijing, a flight to Tokyo will take 3 hours, and 5 hours to Singapore… 
 Are you ready for the adventure? 
 Meet people 
 Making friends in China is easy: people are very open, kindhearted and loyal. 
 Most of them might seem indifferent or cold at first, but once you’ve talked to them, you’ll discover their true nature. 
 They are also very genuine and nice: your new friends will probably invite you to their homes, take you out for dinner, tell you lots of interesting things about the city and help you learn some Chinese as well if you wish. 
 To make it short, locals are usually willing to spend time with a newcomer and to make new friends; moreover, you are likely to keep in touch even after you leave, because the Chinese are very serious about friendship. 
 Volunteer with pandas 
 In fact, if you are curious enough, you can make your stay in China even more filled with activities and joy by doing some volunteering jobs. 
 How many TEFL jobs around the world could let you combine work with so much fun? Admit it, it’s a unique chance! 
 Certainly, panda programs are not the only ones on the offer – you can choose among hundreds of them – but these are one of the most amazing. 
 You don’t have to enroll in a long-term project if you don’t have enough free time; there are one-day or weekend programs too. 
 Volunteering is a great way to see everyday China, meet more local people and other foreigners, discover life outside your classroom and learn to deal with difficulties all by yourself. 
 
 What you can read next 
   
 7 Tips for Teaching English to Very Young Children 
   
 Beijing Allows in International Flights After 5-Month Ban 
   
 10 Best ESL Games for Teaching English (with Rules and Video Guides) 
 Recent Posts 
 
 
 
  4 Essential Tips on How to Learn Chinese Effectively: Where to start in 2020?  
 Have you been interested in learning Mandarin C... 
 
 
 
  8 Essential Tips for Surviving Quarantine in China  
 As the COVID-19 pandemic continues to spread al... 
 
 
 
  New COVID-19 Testing Rules for Foreigners Traveling to China  
 Rule changes for passengers traveling to China ... 
 
 
 
  Beijing Allows in International Flights After 5-Month Ban  
 Beijing is to allow in a select number of inter... 
 
 
 
  Foreign Teachers in China May Be Permitted to Take Part-Time Jobs  
 Foreign teachers in China will be able to take ... 
 Recent Comments 
 
 Apply For China Visa In Usa | Search Results Web results World News, Latest World News, Breaking News  on  🇬🇧 Chinese Work (Z) Visa: The Ultimate Guide for UK citizens in 2020 
 How Long Does It Take To Get A Teaching Degree | ---------------------  on  16 Things To Know Before Teaching English in China (2020 Guide) 
 David Mitchell  on  How to apply for an English teaching job in China 
 AffiliateLabz  on  Documents Legalization for Work Z Visa: The Complete Guide (2020) 
 AffiliateLabz  on  How to apply for an English teaching job in China 
 
 Categories 
 
 Explore China 
 General 
 Teaching certification 
 
 Featured Posts 
 
 
 
  4 Essential Tips on How to Learn Chinese Effectively: Where to start in 2020?  
 0 comments 
 
 
 
  8 Essential Tips for Surviving Quarantine in China  
 0 comments 
 
 
 
  New COVID-19 Testing Rules for Foreigners Traveling to China  
 0 comments 
 
 
 
  Beijing Allows in International Flights After 5-Month Ban  
 0 comments 
 
 
 
  Foreign Teachers in China May Be Permitted to Take Part-Time Jobs  
 0 comments 
 Application form 
 First and Last Name 
 Email 
 Citizenship 
 Age 
 Phone number (optional) 
 Skype ID (Optional) 
 Do you have a degree?YesNo 
 Do you have teaching experience?YesNo 
 Have you worked in China before? 
 When are you ready to start teaching in China? 
 Send me a copy 
 Subscribe to our newsletter 
 Apply 
 MENU 
 
 Home 
 About us 
 FAQ 
 Blog 
 Contact us 
 Why teach English in China? 
 Useful links 
 Teachers' Gallery 
 How to apply for a Chinese Visa 
 How to apply 
 Job board 
 Taizhou 
 Shanghai 
 Beijing 
 Shenzhen 
 Xuzhou 
 Suzhou 
 Hong Kong 
 Hangzhou 
 Guangzhou 
 Nanjing 
 Zhengzhou 
 Tianjin 
 Weihai 
 Wuxi 
 Shijiazhuang 
 Dalian 
 Fuzhou 
 Wuhan 
 Qingdao 
 Foshan 
 Ningbo 
 Huainan 
 Nantong 
 Wenzhou 
 More cities 
 
 Want to know more about teaching English in China? 
 Subscribe to get notified of more awesome content from our blog and get useful tips! 
 Authorized by: 
 GET IN TOUCH 
 44-203-936-54-39  (UK Toll Free) 
  1-888-253-0045  (USA/Canada Toll Free) 
 Office hours: Monday to Friday 1 p.m. - 11 p.m. CST (China) 
 Email:  [email protected] 
  Work and Live in China 
 Zhong Jun World City, building C, Chaoyang District, Beijing, China 
 __Open in Google Maps 
 
 GET SOCIAL 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 © 2013-2020 All rights reserved. WORK AND LIVE IN CHINA. 
 TOP 
 
   
   
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
