Skip to content 
 Write Off The Page 
 
 Facebook  
 Twitter  
 Home  
 Write Off The Page  
 
 Shanyn Avila 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 BIO 
 Contact 
 Write Off The Page 
 
 Check Me Out 
 
 View WriteOffThePage's profile on Facebook 
 View @ShanynOffPage's profile on Twitter 
 View shanynavila's profile on WordPress.org 
 
 Tag: new job 
   
 Open to The Vortex 
 July 25, 2019July 25, 2019  by  Shanyn Avila , posted in  God ,  Grace ,  My journey ,  Non Fiction ,  Wisdom ,  writing 
 I now work in a place where silence has settled into the bedrock, seeped into the wood, and seamed solace like gossamer nestling into the distance between exhale and inhale. The quiet is its own kind of beauty, painted time that has been stilled.  And this, I am sure… is exactly where Grace resides. 
 As I sit here, waiting to finish the forms and filings of a new hire, I study my new land. The smell soothes me, reminding me of every Church I have ever loved. 
 It seems to me that this room should be called The Great Room. Like the grand rooms of a lost era, the cavernous space a voluptuous call for whimsy. 
 A trio of couches create a pocket conversation corner in no way intruding on the secret rendezvous between the two chairs in front of the old stone fireplace. I am seated an echo away, at a dining room table—a bird’s eye view of the door, that is one open moment away from this new section of my path. 
 A conversation is taking place there, without break, an easy indication that I may be here awhile. I straighten the paperwork I have completed and paper clipped with my driver’s license and social security card. Smooth the table cloth, its mauve flowers melding with the ivory and sage of the room. I am starting to feel nervous and wonder if this is the right way to go. It will be more work and more time in addition to my other job. But it will be more money, too. My heart beats a little faster, the doubt creeps into my decisiveness, challenging the paperclip and the newly inked schedule in my planner. 
 Then I glance up, noticing the picture hanging above the table, for the first time. A path leading to a snow fed lake is lit by golden light, its rays lapping at the rocks and the forest, that hug its winding journey. A message —telling me that the diligent inking and paper clipping was confidence and surety, not avarice. 
 God has pushed away the darkness and shown me that I am where I am supposed to be. The church bells start to ring, the reverberation slowing my heartbeat. 
 I crack my new read and wait for the door to open. 
 Tagged  courage ,  faith ,  God ,  Grace ,  journey ,  love ,  meregoddess ,  My journey ,  mylife ,  new job ,  shanynoffpage ,  spiritual ,  thiswriterslife ,  writerscommunity ,  writerslife Leave a comment 
 Search for: 
 
 
 
 January 2021 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 
 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 
 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 
 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 31 
 
 
 
 « Dec 
 Depends on my Mood 
 Depends on my Mood Select Category BadMom Bike Ride Books BrokeHo Childhood Finally Friday Friendship Ghettolicious God Grace Memories Mom Life Morning Ride My journey Non Fiction Uncategorized Wisdom Wonder writing 
 
 Home 
 BIO 
 Contact 
 Write Off The Page 
 
 ALL 
 ALL Select Month January 2021  December 2020  July 2020  June 2020  July 2019  May 2019  January 2019  December 2018  May 2017 
 Follow Shanyn Avila on WordPress.com 
  Create a website or blog at WordPress.com  
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
