Skip to content 
 
 Work from Home Job Vacancies 
 Main Menu 
 
 Developer Jobs 
 Design Jobs 
 
 Work from Home Design Jobs 
 These work from home design jobs are now available (latest vacancies are always on top of the list): 
 January 2020 
 UI/UX Design Mentor (Part-Time) 
If you're passionate about UI/UX Design and teaching, and have at least 5 years of relevant work experience, Springboard would like to bring you on board as one of their Design Mentors. 
 User Experience Designer 
Some of the minimum qualifications for this position include BA/BS degree in Design, Human-Computer Interaction (HCI), Computer Science; and 3+ years of work eperience in related field. 
 Motion Designer 
Mandatory requirements for this position include a minimum of 5 years experience and being located in the European time zone. In addition, candidate must have strong motion and graphic design skills, familiarity with desktop publishing tools, be up-to-date with the industry-leading software and technologies, be able to interact, communicate & present ideas to the Creative Lab team, and have a BA/BS degree. 
 Product Designer 
To be one of the first product designers at Guilded, you must have 5+ years of product, visual, and/or interaction design experience, and 2+ years of designing consumer-facing products. 
 Senior UI Designer 
This role is remote-first, though flexibility to be on-site for weeks at a time is expected. Some of the Senior UI Designer's main functions include maintaining a design and style guide that meet user demands of our products, ensuring design quality is followed, leading team learning activities, and providing mentorship and feedback to other team members. 
 Graphic Designer 
Successful candidate will be working on print design, website illustration, icons, and motion graphics. 
 Product Designer 
In this role, you'll be working closely with the CEO, product team and engineering team to build a great product that over 25,000 creators use to earn a living. Some of the benefits include 3 weeks paid vacation, 8 paid holidays, and 1 week of paid sick leave per year; team retreats; 12 weeks paid maternity / 4 weeks paid paternity leave; $2,500 equipment allowance given every 2 years; 4% 401k match; $1,000 yearly "paid paid vacation" bonus; and excellent health, vision, and dental benefits. 
 Lead Product Designer 
Be part of a company that's ranked 94th on Inc 5000's fastest growing private companies in America for 2019. If you're an intelligent and highly ambitious product designer with an entrepreneurial bug, obsessed with delivering pixel perfect user experience design, living in the customer's shoes, and someone who works hard to meet objectives, then you are qualified for this position. 
 Contract Interior Designer 
Havenly is an online interior design service and home decorating discovery engine that's looking to grow its online design team. If you are entrepreneurially spirited, client-focused and fired up to grow a business in a new and exciting way, then apply for this position now. 
 Marketing Designer 
The full-time Marketing Designer will create compelling work for digital advertising, website design, direct mail, OOH, and sales collateral such as presentation decks, case studies, and downloadable PDFs. You must have 3+ years of experience as a graphic or marketing designer, and has experience in using the latest design tools (Adobe CC Suite, Figma, Sketch, etc). 
 Junior Digital Designer 
Candidate must have 2+ years professional experience in a design-related field, expertise in Adobe Creative Cloud programs, and familiarity with web technologies and principles. 
 Web Designer 
You'll be a good fit to be a B12 Web Designer if you have 3-5 years of web design experience, 1-2 years of HTML/CSS experience, desktop and mobile web design experience, available minimum 10 hours a week and maximum 20 hours a week, and have excellent written English skills. 
 Lead Game Designer 
Highrise is looking for their first Game Designer, and to be successful in this role, they expect you to have several years experience designing for at least one live, well-executed mobile game; be creative about identifying problems and coming up with solutions; want to talk to current and prospective players. 
 Product Designer 
You must have sharp, pixel-perfect visual skills and experience in the latest design software, and a super high standard of quality. Competitive salary, equity, health and PTO benefits are being offered. 
 Copyright © 2021 Workspresso 
 
 Contact 
 Privacy Policy 
 
