Skip to primary content 
 The Traveling Librarian 
 Anything and everything about how to become involved in libraries beyond your doorstep. 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 Book Resources 
 Int'l & Comp Lib Info 
 Sarah P. Gibson 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous   Next -> 
 Job: Interim Head of Records and Archives 
 Posted on  August 30, 2017  by   sarahgprescott 
 8/29/17 - I nterim Head of Records and Archives Section 
World Intellectual Property Organization (WIPO), Records and Archives Section, Conference and General Services Division, Administration and Management Sector, Geneva, Switzerland 
 Grade - P4 
 Contract Duration - 1 year 
 
 Application deadline :  10-Sep-2017  , 9:59:00 PM 
 IMPORTANT NOTICE REGARDING APPLICATION DEADLINE  : please note that the deadline for applications is indicated in local date and time. 
 Applications from qualified women as well as from qualified nationals of unrepresented Member States of WIPO and underrepresented geographical regions are encouraged. Please click on the following links for the list of  unrepresented Member States  and the list of  underrepresented regions  and the WIPO Member States in these regions. 
 
 Organizational Setting 
 
 The position is located in the Records and Archives Section of the Conference and General Services Division, Administration and Management Sector 
 The Section is responsible for the development and implementation of policies and procedures governing the creation, management, protection and preservation of WIPO's organizational records; and for managing the WIPO archive. The Section also administers the daily registration, distribution and tracking of official correspondence (excluding transactions relating to WIPO's global IP registration systems). The role of the Section is evolving to include wider participation in the development of cross-cutting knowledge management strategies and good practices to support WIPO's business needs. 
 Purpose Statement 
 The Head of Section will lead the Section for up to two years through a transitional period of changing roles and requirements in this area. The Head will work with the Director of the Division to deliver policies and initiatives that strengthen records management as well as wider knowledge management at WIPO, including in the context of the introduction of an integrated Enterprise Content Management (ECM) system. 
 Reporting Lines 
 The incumbent works under the supervision of the Director of the Conference and General Services Division. 
 
 Duties and responsibilities 
 
 The incumbent will perform the following principal duties: 
 (a) Review - and develop proposals to improve - internal business-processes, systems, resources, policies and practices in relation to WIPO's record management objectives. 
 (b) Oversee the implementation and use of records management-related digital capabilities in the roll-out of WIPO's new ECM system, ensuring consistency with business and user needs. Collaborate with the ECM project teams to support the ongoing integration of the system within WIPO’s wider information management framework. 
 (c) Provide expert advice to WIPO managers and staff, leveraging knowledge of records and archive management and technologies to encourage best practice across the Organization. 
 (d) Deliver training, capacity-building and awareness-raising activities for WIPO staff to help build a systematic records management culture. Educate staff in the use of the ECM system for records management and wider knowledge management purposes, fostering appropriate changes in working practices. Review and continue to improve guidance and information materials for staff, including on the Intranet. 
 (e) Work with internal stakeholders to ensure that records management-related tools are kept up-to-date, comply with relevant policies, and are communicated and used effectively, including Records Retention Schedules, the Records Management Classification scheme and business unit File Plans. 
 (f) Assist the Director of the Division in the development and implementation of an Organization-wide strategic roadmap to strengthen knowledge management at WIPO as a means of enhancing organizational performance. Identify and promote examples of existing knowledge management good practices within the Organization. Develop new initiatives to help foster a knowledge-sharing culture. 
 (g) Manage the operational work of the Section, determining priorities and allocating resources for the timely and quality delivery of outputs in accordance with the annual work-plans and WIPO's results-based management framework. 
 (h) Manage and supervise the staff of the Section; provide regular feedback on performance, identify training needs and build capacity to meet evolving needs; cultivate good cooperation and teamwork amongst colleagues within and outside the Section. 
 (i) Perform other related duties as required. 
 
 Requirements 
 
 Education 
 Advanced university degree in the field of information management, records and archives management, knowledge management or related subject. A first-level university degree plus another two years of relevant experience in addition to the experience requested below may be taken in lieu of the advanced university degree. 
 Experience 
 At least  nine  years relevant professional experience, including experience of archives and records management in an international organization. 
 Experience of promoting and managing change from paper to digital records management processes. 
 Experience of developing and implementing knowledge management initiatives. 
 Desirable 
 Experience and knowledge of the OpenText Content Suite platform. 
 Languages 
 Essential:  Excellent knowledge of English. 
 Desirable:  Good knowledge of French. 
 Job-related competencies 
 Essential 
 Mastery of digital records management tools and capabilities within an Enterprise Content Management (ECM) system. 
 Strong people and resource management skills. 
 Strong change management skills, with the proven ability to champion and drive change. 
 Strong analytical and problem-solving skills, including analysis of requirements, processes and workflows. 
 Excellent presentation skills, with the ability to communicate and advocate for records management best practices with diverse audiences. 
 High level of client-orientation. 
 Competent user of Microsoft Office applications (Word, Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint) and the ability to quickly adapt to new software and tools. 
 Excellent communication and interpersonal skills and ability to maintain effective partnerships and working relations in a multi-cultural environment with sensitivity and respect for diversity. 
 Desirable 
 Project management skills. 
 Organizational competencies 
 Communicating effectively. 
 Respecting individual and cultural differences. 
 Showing team spirit. 
 Managing yourself. 
 Producing results. 
 Embracing change. 
 Respecting ethics and values. 
 WIPO Managerial Competencies 
 
 
 Creating a stimulating work environment. 
 
 
 Planning and managing resources. 
 
 
 Promoting change, innovation and learning. 
 
 
 Building and promoting partnerships. 
 
 
 Leading WIPO to the future. 
 
 
 Information 
 
 
 Annual salary   : 
 Total annual salary consists of a net annual salary (net of taxes and before medical insurance and pension fund deductions) in US dollars and a post adjustment. The post adjustment (cost of living allowance) is variable and subject to change without notice in accordance with the rates as set within the UN Common System for salaries and allowances. The figures quoted below are based on the  August 2017  rate of  78.3  % 
 
 
 
 P4 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Annual salary 
 $70,647 
 
 
 
 Post adjustment 
 $55,317 
 
 
 
 Total Salary 
 $125,964 
 
 
 
 Currency USD 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Salaries and allowances are paid in Swiss francs at the official rate of exchange of the United Nations. 
 Please refer to  WIPO’s Staff Regulation and Rules  for detailed information concerning salaries, benefits and allowances. 
 Additional Information 
 Temporary appointments are renewable, subject to continuing needs, availability of budget and satisfactory performance with a maximum cumulative length of two years. 
 Applications from qualified women as well as from qualified nationals of unrepresented Member States of WIPO and underrepresented geographical regions are encouraged. Please click on the following links for the list of  unrepresented Member States  and the list of  underrepresented regions  and the WIPO Member States in these regions. 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Twitter 
 Pinterest 
 Tumblr 
 Reddit 
 Email 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  International Jobs  and tagged  Europe ,  International archives ,  international archivisits ,  Switzerland  by  sarahgprescott . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
