
 
 Services
 
 coWORKing Desks 
 Private Offices 
 Meeting Rooms 
 For Tutors 
 Friends of WORK 
 Mailbox Member 
 
 
 Events 
 
 Classes 
 Socials 
 
 
 Blog 
 Members
 
 Public Directory 
 For Members Only 
 
 FAQ 
 Special Offers 
 
 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 Contact Us 
 coWORKing Time Slots 
 Book a Meeting Room 
 
 
 Pay 
 About 
 
 About 
 Photos 
 How It Works 
 Green Credentials 
 Press 
 Testimonials 
 
 
 
 
 Lunchtime Lesson: Mistakes That Cause Job Seekers to Lose Motivation & Focus - Fri February 10th 2017 
 Job seeking is not for the faint of heart! The longer people find themselves out of work, the harder it can be to maintain focus, energy and positivity. Over time, some people experience taking all the right steps that result in little or no progress, obstacles appear that seem impossible to get around, and a sense of stuckness can start to settle in. 
 In this lesson you will: 
 • Learn about the 3 big mistakes, plus tools to help you avoid them 
 • Gain clarity about your next steps 
 • Get insight into how you are getting in your own way, and practical steps to get out of the way 
 • Experience energy and inspiration to get you moving again 
 PLEASE RSVP HERE 
 $10 at the door for Non WORK Members  – help us keep the lights on and keep great programs coming your way!  WORK Members FREE including Friends of WORK!  (a special membership level for you regular attendees) 
 Noon-1 PM in the WORK Library.  Feel free to bring a bag lunch. 
 Bio:   Clara   Chorley helps professional women and men around the world gain clarity about what’s next in their careers, and then take strategic steps to get there; whether that means upleveling their current career or figuring out something new. 
 She is the CEO and founder of Clarity Unlimited; and has an extensive and unique international background as a career coach and consultant, professional speaker, humanitarian, and insatiable explorer. 
 She is author of the best-selling book T.U.R.N.: 4 Steps to Clarity in your Life and Career. Clara has been interviewed by multiple radio shows, View from the Bay, and was featured in the documentary film Achieve Your Ultimate Success. She is an international speaker and proud TEDx presenter. Clara is trained in Voice Dialogue, a certified facilitator, and member of the National Speakers Association. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 Facebook 
 Email 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 Blog 
 Classes at WORK 
 coWORKers 
 Events 
 Press 
 Socials and Random Events 
 Uncategorized 
 WORKshops 
 
 Get WORK News 
 
 indicates required 
 
 Email Address * 
 First Name 
 Last Name 
 Connect on  Facebook ,  Instagram ,  LinkedIn  and  Twitter 
 © WORK - All Rights Reserved 
 Privacy Policy & Terms of Use 
Design by:  YoungNomadBrand 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
