Lisa Lazuli Astrology 
 Doing Astrology Right 
   
 Skip to content 
 Main menu 
 
 Lisa Lazuli's Books 
 Political Astrology 
 Lisa Lazuli's Vlogs 
 About 
 
 cancer career 
 Post navigation 
 Daily Horoscope May 25, 2018 
 Posted by  lisalazuli 
 0 
 ARIES 
 Love  - A great time to express feelings in relationships – you are able to be direct and somehow communication flows and you can get across what is closest to your heart as well as authentic in terms of true feeling, without hiding behind slushy romance. 
 Career  - The tempo of life during the next few weeks will step up and so jump on things now and do not put them off as you will never get around to doing it as other priorities take over. 
 Health  - It is important to pay attention to what is under your nose; the answers you seek are more mundane than you think and so stop seeking high and low and look for what is obvious. 
 TAURUS 
 Love  - The way you manage your finances matter now and if you are dating you may have to keep up with your partner’s lifestyle and that could cause a major stumbling block down the road. 
 Career  - You are challenged in terms of your beliefs; not so much in terms of philosophical beliefs, but in terms of the way you believe business should be done – some old management habits may not be standing up to scrutiny and you cannot get attached to them and stubborn about shifting to a new way. 
 Health  - Needing to control situations and micro manage emotions can cause you more stress than the good you are actually able to do and so release your need to control and feel responsible for every situation in your life. 
 GEMINI 
 Love  - A great time to impress a potential lover and to make a terrific first impression; however your ability to sustain a new relationship may not be compatible with a certain self centred and dramatic energy. 
 Career  - No purpose can be served by denying your need for self-expression and self-actualisation in favour of a misguided sense of duty and so know what you absolutely are obliged to do and what is over and over what should be expected as time wasted is costly in terms of your own goals. 
 Health  - A time to forget the world and focus on you – your needs and your goals. You need to recharge yourself by shutting things out and being somewhat of an ostrich. 
 CANCER 
 Love  - You are more inclined to look back and see clearly certain patters that negatively reinforce conflict in love and perhaps by breaking those patterns you can put road blocks into the path of trouble. 
 Career  - People may be working against you and yet they may not actually be doing it with intent and so having a conversation and perhaps suggesting a better way for you both, could be productive 
 Health  - A time when you are more aware of how certain ingrained reactions that no longer suit who you are and who you have become work against your conscious plans and intentions. 
 LEO 
 Love  - Goals in love are the life blood of the relationships and so this is the start of a period where Leo have a chance to fire up their romantic life or marriage with new ideas and some spontaneous social outings which encourage you to think big and have confidence in the future agan. 
 Career  - Time to ask loads of questions – engage your networks and colleagues by throwing out questions both controversial and also exploratory to encourage more debate and to draw out better and deeper understanding of issues. 
 Health  - While sometimes it is not good to compare yourself to others, right now you need to see how you measure up to your peers, not to self criticise but in terms copying what they do in terms of successful routines and mind sets. 
 VIRGO 
 Love  - Being too ‘realistic’ about love can be holding you back; don’t be scared to dream and do not stop yourself from seeking the ideal in love as you may have been setting the bar too low. 
 Career  - Aim high and seek leadership; even if you cannot lead be more bold about expressing your ideas and do not hold back where you feel things are headed in the wrong direction. This is your chance to grab the headlines. 
 Health  - You are entering a very future orientated phase and so from today forget any notions from the past and start telling yourself that you are not bound by the mistakes and problems of the past. 
 LIBRA 
 Love  - The key to finding love is getting out of your usual routine – you need to be seen in new places, to frequent different parts of town and to run with a different set to blow the cobwebs off your old romantic parameters. 
 Career  - Legal matters and concerns about ethics may be about to come to the fore and Librans can expect to be sent on courses or encouraged to do extra reading or study outside of work to keep abreast of changes. 
 Health  - A deficiency may be at the root of a health problem and so if you have suddenly developed an ailment get checked for mineral deficiencies. 
 SCORPIO 
 Love  - A great time to start the weekend as Scorpio are fully charged with intensity and sexual energy and you are looking to experience love to the full and that can and should encompass any and every emotion. 
 Career  - You are either fully engaged or looking for any excuse to get away from the office and look for excitement – today is telling in terms of you being honest about what you do and do not like about your work and work mates. 
 Health  - Scorpio need to get in touch with your dark side – time to embrace the passionate, angry, vibrant side of you, who needs to push boundaries to know that you are alive. 
 SAGITTARIUS 
 Love  - Your power in love relies on your power to put your own pride aside and forgive in the short term – if you can do this you will find you have more influence than if you decide to stick to your guns and battle it out. 
 Career  - Your ability to work in a team is tested and you will be called upon to set aside your own ideas and even your differences with certain people to try and work in tandem. 
 Health  - Try replacing brown rice or quinoa for pasta and potatoes from this week for a fortnight and you may be surprised at the health benefits. 
 CAPRICORN 
 Love  - Your awareness of relationship needs and of the more subtle signals your partner is sending you is enhanced and this bodes well for increased ESP connections to you love partner and better innate understanding. 
 Career  - You may not get it all your own way today; you will have authority breathing down your neck of making demands and so work is more about what you have to do or else, rather than what you feel you should be doing or want to be doing. 
 Health  - Health concerns weigh heavy – you may be disappointed at the results of recent health kick or wondering what exactly you should be doing to reduce stress and improve overall well being. This should be a ‘wake up call’ time when you stop putting off the changes that are within your control. 
 AQUARIUS 
 Love  - You want to do what you want when you want and so not such a great Friday for formal social gatherings or arrangements set in stone – you are your happiest just bumbling along doing things that appeal on the spur of the moment. 
 Career  - This is an ideas rich time and you enjoy trying new directions – Aquarians love to buck the trend and this is a prime time to do so and so set out your stall to be more exciting and more daring in the way you work and with your creative intentions. 
 Health  - Getting sun and fresh air and being active in the outdoors is the best medicine – you may get the most benefit being up and exercising at sunrise. 
 PISCES 
 Love  - Pisces may have to be patient with a partner whose moods are very erratic and unpredictable – try not to be pulled into their ups and downs, give support but do not be drawn in to their rollercoaster ride. 
 Career  - Forces beyond your control have to be accepted and adapted to – you need to acknowledge that which you have control of and that which you don’t and stop wasting energy fighting what you cannot control. 
 Health  - Emotional issues that you cannot always control may be draining you psychologically and so you need to escape either physically or mentally to a place where you mingle with positive people no strings attached. 
 Posted in  astrology 
 Tagged  astrology ,  cancer career ,  daily horoscopes ,  free daily horoscope ,  gemini forecast ,  horoscopes ,  leo ,  libra horoscope ,  scorpio horoscope ,  star signs 
 May*25 
 Daily Horoscope April 28, 2018 
 Posted by  lisalazuli 
 0 
 ARIES 
 Love  - Love life is about balance right now – balance of need, balance of fun and also of responsibility. Look closely to see what part of the mix you have neglected and focus attention there. 
 Career  - With Sun in the second trine Saturn, this is an excellent day for reviewing budgets and catching up with paperwork to do with your finances – Aries in their own business should be making forward plans for the next 3 months with targets and projections. 
 Health  - This is a good period for Aries in terms of motivation, positivity and with respect to making constructive and achievable plans to improve your life not only in terms of activity but in terms of positive mental outlets as well. 
 TAURUS 
 Love  - Taureans benefit from being even tempered and rational and so even what is annoying can be handled in a calm way that can resolve a problem or reassure a partner. 
 Career  - This can be a great time to put your mind to something and execute – plans can come together and theory can combine with practice for some swift progress. 
 Health  - The battle against poor diet and unhealthy food is halfway won if you plan and so even if you do fish Friday, no meat Monday, salad Saturday etc, even a basic plan for each week can help eliminate take away days and binges. 
 GEMINI 
 Love  - Communications and sex are brought together by a trine between the Sun and Saturn meaning that you need to get talking about sex constructively and tackling any problems that are impeding sex life with good advice and a calm, unemotional stance. 
 Career  - This is a good period for those of you who work in a very big companies or government departments to look for new roles or jobs and liaise with personnel to see how you can advance – you have the ability right now to step up and you need to let those who have influence see your ambition. 
 Health  - Gemini need to get into a good sleep routine and so instead of using the weekend to rave it up, use the weekend to wind down and get into a calm frame of mind – avoid what is hectic and embrace what is soothing. 
 CANCER 
 Love  - Your partner may receive an award or bonus; either way good news or progress in your partner’s health or work can give you both a shot in the arm and a much needed relationship boost. 
 Career  - This is a time when work you have done to build relationships in your professional community or the work you have put into networking and finding others with similar goals to both support, mentor and bounce ideas off pays off. You may get a great industry tip via one of your contacts. 
 Health  - Worries and anxiety are less and there is a feeling of being in control which helps Cancerians feel energetic and also more motivated about eating well. Your discipline and restraint are firm. 
 LEO 
 Love  - It is time to be commanding in love – be the lion and not a mouse, stand for what is right not for what will get you by in the short run. 
 Career  - Positions of leadership could possibly open up for you, and Leo can use the next few days to come to terms with any ongoing difficulties that you may have with authority, you will grow in confidence with you power to make decisions and keep to them. 
 Health  - Leo are well placed to appreciate the meaningfulness of the vital areas of your life as you have the perspective to separate the important from the unimportant and that helps settle your mind and give you clear sight on where to go next. 
 VIRGO 
 Love  - You need to be the one thinking about the future of your relationship – give it direction, this should not be a out pressure but about inspiring goals. 
 Career  - Virgo should think more about your image; think of you as a brand and how you are building that brand – how up-to-date are you LinkedIn or other professional profiles and you project a consistent image in twitter 
 Health  - Too boost mental power (for study and also to lower anxiety) avoid trans fats and also foods high in copper like liver, sunflower seeds, lentils and dark chocolate. 
 LIBRA 
 Love  - Sex life tends to have more purpose right now, it is not so much a fumble in the night or a badly timed drunken kiss, it is more about a coming together of pleasure and spiritual connectivity, 
 Career  - This is a good time to pool resources and raise funds and so looking to start a Go Fund Me page or a crowd funding initiative can be worthwhile. 
 Health  - Grapes and blueberries combined are somewhat of a dream team that fills you and gives you added calories as well as mental stamina. 
 SCORPIO 
 Love  - Love right now means really understanding your partner or date and not be satisfied with a superficial understanding of them which may be based on what you want to believe rather than truth. 
 Career  - Build bridges right now – new relationship established and new connections made should be made not with flippant intent but with a desire to see them grow. 
 Health  - Scorpio should avoid peppers and members of the nightshade family ie egg plant and zucchini/courgette right now as they are very acidic. 
 SAGITTARIUS 
 Love  - Agreements can be made over how to spend money on long term goals, for example family holidays or children’s education – you and your partner are more aspirational and that can help motivate you both and draw you together. 
 Career  - Take time to get to know colleagues, do not think that a superficial understanding of them is enough, you need to get deeper knowledge of who you are working with. 
 Health  - Steady progress can be made in terms of fitness, but the key is steady, you cannot do more than you are ready for. 
 CAPRICORN 
 Love  - Capricorn in difficult relationships or going through a rough phase are handed extra energy and emotional staying power that will help you stay anchored during this storm. 
 Career  - Weigh up options fairly, pursue justice but delay make decisions; the decisions you come to now are are in your best interests and can form a good base for future but you must approach them slowly. 
 Health  - Clear goals and benchmarks are vital; you need to know what progress means and that should not only be about pounds lost or miles run, take a note of how you may be sleeping better or even performing better mentally. 
 AQUARIUS 
 Love  - Jealousy is never acceptable and yet often women get away with it more than men as it is seen as a women’s prerogative – but it is always destructive and should be examined for the insecurity which drives it. 
 Career  - This is a time where projects come to fruition and money rolls in and so you can sit back and enjoy the fruits of your labour feeling a good job is done. 
 Health  - Are you always hungry? The oleic acid found in avocado is a fatty acid linked to feeling full. Italian studies show that eating a breakfast with avocado and thus oleic acid led to eating 250 less calories at lunch compared to an on oleic acid based breakfast. 
 PISCES 
 Love  - This is good time for relationships that begin within a work or an obligation context – you may fall in love while doing something you hate doing and have to do. 
 Career  - Working with others should never lead to you losing your voice and so the challenge for Pisces is to dominate the conversation and be an ideas leader even if you are working within a very big group – be bold about stepping forward as soon as the opportunity resents itself. 
 Health  - Acknowledge the truth even if painful as like all pain, after the initial stab it gets easy and you can move beyond it to an ultimately better place. 
 Posted in  astrology 
 Tagged  aquarius horoscope ,  astrologie ,  astrology ,  cancer career ,  daily horoscopes ,  free daily horoscope ,  horoscope love ,  horoscopo ,  leo ,  libra love ,  virgo astrology 
 Apr*27 
 CANCER Horoscope 2018: Love, Career, Health, Goals. 
 Posted by  lisalazuli 
 0 
 CANCER HOROSCOPE is HERE  - BIGGER and BETTER!! 
 “2018 is a time to enter the fun fair of life; yes, variety and colour and choice are all part of the bargain. You will see the magic show and be inspired to believe in more than the eye can see, regaining a spark of hope and faith which adds a glint to a sceptical world. You will go through the halls of mirrors and see yourself in ways and from angles you never expected, learning more about you as you see yourself reflected in others. You will fly down the helter-skelter of love as excitement enters your romantic life. As you wander through the attractions in awe of the surroundings, you mingle with eclectic peoples from all walks of life and you get a flavour of bizarre new perspectives, something in you is awake and alive and eager for more.” 
 A big thank you to all the amazon and B&N buyers who supported me over the past 4 years and also to my youtube channel subscribers. 
Are you looking in the mirror wondering what 2018 will hold? Do you feel at an important crossroads? Do you need direction or a kick start? Are you wondering 'what now' in terms of love and relationships? How are the Stars lining up for you in 2018? What opportunities can they supply the energy for? 
Popular resident astrologer of BBC WM Lisa Lazuli takes her straightening, down to earth approach to astrology from the air waves to the bookshelf with this insightful and motivational book. Includes a detailed yearly overview for Cancer, followed by monthly forecasts broken into love, life, health and career. A chatty, sincere read to help inspire, guide and alert you to the unique possibilities of your life on a practical, emotional and spiritual level. 
 In kindle, kindle unlimited, paperback on amazon: https://www.amazon.com/Cancer-Horoscope-2018-Astrology-Horoscopes-ebook/dp/B075458WSF/ 
 Posted in  astrology ,  Books 
 Tagged  books ,  cancer astrology ,  cancer birthday ,  cancer career ,  cancer goals ,  cancer horoscope ,  cancer success ,  gifts ,  gifts for cancer ,  horoscopes ,  horosocpe 2018 ,  kindle ,  love and relationships 
 Mar*21 
 Post navigation 
 Lisa J Gordon 
 
 Lisa J Gordon 
 
 Follow Lisa Lazuli Astrology on WordPress.com  Search 
 Recent Posts 
 
 USA Natal Chart and Astrology Predictions 
 The Chinese Century - Are we at checkmate?? 
 Secrets of New Mexico and Jeffry Epstein's Zorro Ranch 
 Bill Clinton Natal Chart and Astrology Prediction 
 Robin Tilbrooke and seeking judicial review for Covid 19 Legislation 
 
 Lisa Lazuli Astrloger 
 
 Lisa Lazuli Astrloger 
 
 Next of Sin - in Kindle and Paperback 
 Archives 
 
 August 2020 
 June 2020 
 May 2020 
 January 2020 
 December 2019 
 November 2019 
 August 2019 
 July 2019 
 June 2019 
 May 2019 
 April 2019 
 February 2019 
 January 2019 
 August 2018 
 June 2018 
 May 2018 
 April 2018 
 March 2018 
 February 2018 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 
 Categories 
 
 astrology 
 book review 
 Books 
 politics 
 Uncategorized 
 Weight Loss with Juice Plus 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Goodreads 
 Flickr Photos 
 
  More Photos  
 ASTROLOGY READINGS 
 Click Here! 
 Follow Lisa Lazuli Astrology on WordPress.com 
 Next of Sin 
 Amazon.co.uk Widgets 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
