
 Home 
 Legal 
 Sitemap 
 
 _Pay can vary greatly, depending on your level of experience and area of expertise. For example, management consultants, who help organizations identify strategies to increase efficiency, can make anywhere from $17 to $170 an hour, on average, according to PayScale. RenoFi, an online marketplace for home renovation loans, is seeking renovation project consultants to review and report on the feasibility of residential construction projects. The job listing does not specify pay rates but notes that ideal candidates may have worked previously as a general contractor, a position that pays an average $15 to $63 an hour, according to PayScale. Work From Home  _ 
 If you’re looking for a work-at-home position, even among some of the employers listed above, you should be aware that not all such positions will be readily available. You may have to go on the company’s careers page or job board and enter terms such as “work-at-home”, “work-from-home”, “remote position”, or something similar. This will be especially important if most of the jobs offered by an employer are on-site. 
Based in Freemont, California, and founded in 1983, Concentrix claims 90,000 employees worldwide. They work in a wide variety of industries, including health care, retail, transportation, e-commerce, insurance, technology, energy, and many others. Their specialties include marketing, analytics, technology, consulting, financial, and customer lifecycle management.  Work From Home Jobs 
 The service offers English as a second language to children in China, up to age eight. Teachers are English speakers who provide one-on-one courses based on the US Common Core State Standards. And as a teacher, you'll receive ongoing paid training as well as professional development opportunities. You'll be able to work from home, and choose your own schedule. Work From Home   
 “There are two strategies that work extremely well for me when working from home,” advises Morgan Ranstrom, a Certified Financial Planner at Trailhead Planners in Minneapolis. “First, when I work from home I still 'get ready.' I shower and I put on business casual attire. This helps me get in the mindset of "I'm going to work". Second, time blocking is a savior when working from home. There are countless ways to distract yourself when you're at home – the laundry, washing the dishes, walking the dog. Don't fall for it.” 
CareerBuilder, LLC strives to make our facilities and services accessible to all people, including individuals with disabilities. If you are experiencing difficulties in navigating or accessing the contents of either our website or mobile application due to a disability, please email us at accessibility@careerbuilder.com or call us at 1-833-917-1826 . 
 
 Get paid to share your opinions. While it's not exactly a job, participating in surveys and focus groups can be an easy way to pick up a bit of extra cash — in some cases, a very little bit. Pay for some surveys can amount to as little as $1 an hour, according to SideHusl, a website that vets opportunities to make money on the side. But other opportunities can be more lucrative: Current offerings on FindFocusGroups.com and focusgroup.com pay $25 to $275 and $50 to $180 a pop, respectively.  Work From Home 
 
 _The salesman didn't die; he's just working from home. Companies across a range of industries, from financial to tech to health care, are looking for star salespeople with various levels of experience (and a license to sell, if necessary) to push their products and services from a remote location. Some higher-level positions may even manage a sales team. Many of the opportunities may require some travel once COVID-19 restrictions are lifted. Work From Home Jobs  _ 
 Lionbridge is currently hiring corporate associates in technology, finance, marketing and sales, as well as translators and interpreters. One interesting subcategory is testers, raters and curators. These home-based positions are open to college students, as well as home-based workers. Industries serviced including banking and finance, gaming, manufacturing, legal services, and life sciences.
 
 What makes even more surprising is the variety of positions available remote through the company. In fact, a search of their website using the term “work-at-home” turned up more than 1,000 positions. They include jobs in everything from customer service to clinical care. Nursing is naturally a common position, and one that’s often available on a remote basis. They’re often needed for online or phone consulting, both to provide clinical information and to direct incoming callers to direct care services.  Work At Home 
**This is pretty much the same position as an in-house recruiter except you get to work wherever you want. The other major difference is that you search the web to find the right employee for the right position. You’re also responsible for screening the applicant and being a part of the interviewing and negotiation process. Some recruiters are paid upward of $125 an hour for building resume templates. Work From Home Jobs  ** 
_Englewood, Colorado-based TTEC has been around since 1982, and is a business process outsourcing company. It provides services around the world, and operates delivery centers in 24 countries. TTEC provides work-from-home situations for consultants, customer service professionals, students, and veterans. In fact, the company employs more than 20,000 work-at-home employees. Work At Home  _ 
Put your sleuthing skills to work. Claims investigators perform in-depth online and database research to assess the legitimacy of an individual's unemployment or insurance claim. The level of education and experience required varies by position, with senior roles possibly requiring specialized degrees. For example, applicants for Anthem's senior clinical fraud investigator must have an associate degree in nursing, current certification as a certified professional coder or both. 
 Keep your accounting expertise at home and provide your services virtually. AccountingDepartment.com is hiring accounting professionals for a variety of full-time and fully remote positions that come complete with health insurance, a 401(k) plan and paid vacation time. Beech Valley Solutions is seeking hourly contract accounting pros for ongoing work. Bonus: Bookkeeper tops our list of the 25 best part-time jobs for retirees. [Work From Home](https://www.youtube.com/watch?feature=youtu.be&v=I7voRJkBsnM)
 
 Finally, you can get paid for your love of true-crime stories. Mock jurors assist lawyers (and their clients) by reviewing legal cases and offering their feedback on how they'd rule. Like participating in focus groups, you can't exactly make a career of this. Some mock jurors report getting just one case every six months, if that, according to SideHusl. Still, it's an interesting opportunity to earn extra cash from home with zero prior experience. (And it pays more than you'd get watching another Law and Order marathon.)  Work From Home 
 As a member of the SYKESHome Work At Home team, you’ll be working remotely, primarily handling customer service related positions. These include customer service representatives, team leads, and support positions. But their extensive list of work from home positions includes system engineers, teacher quality evaluators, bilingual Spanish/English and French/English customer service reps, as well as area manager IT client services. Work From Home Jobs   
Bankrate has put together a list of 20 legitimate work-at-home jobs. Wage and job-growth data comes from the 2018 edition of the Bureau of Labor Statistics’ Occupational Outlook Handbook. The BLS lists “median” wages rather than “average” wages. The median wage is in the middle of the data set, with half of the jobs paying less and half paying more. BLS job-growth projections are for 2018 to 2028.  Work From Home Jobs 
 Englewood, Colorado-based TTEC has been around since 1982, and is a business process outsourcing company. It provides services around the world, and operates delivery centers in 24 countries. TTEC provides work-from-home situations for consultants, customer service professionals, students, and veterans. In fact, the company employs more than 20,000 work-at-home employees. [Work At Home](http://youtube.com/v/I7voRJkBsnM?version=3) 
To qualify, you’re required to have a bachelor’s degree. You can live just about anywhere you want, as long as you have a stable Internet connection, though they are currently excluding new teachers based in California (no explanation for this is given). If you’re accepted, you’ll be required to provide a minimum six-month commitment. You’ll also be required to have an HD external or integrated camera with a headset and microphone. 
We value your trust. Our mission is to provide readers with accurate and unbiased information, and we have editorial standards in place to ensure that happens. Our editors and reporters thoroughly fact-check editorial content to ensure the information you’re reading is accurate. We maintain a firewall between our advertisers and our editorial team. Our editorial team does not receive direct compensation from our advertisers.  Work From Home Jobs 
 × 
 
 Work From Home Jobs  Contact us at webmaster@workatwca.com |  Sitemap txt  |  Sitemap 
