Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Personal Support Worker (PSW) 
 Villa Care Centre 
 __Midland, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Join Our Team As A Personal Support Worker! 
 Full-Time 
 Jarlette Health Services is a family-centric organization that has built a tradition of excellence in making an outstanding difference in the lives of the residents, families, employees, and communities it serves. As a proudly Canadian organization, with 14 Long Term Care Homes and 7 Retirement Lodges across Ontario, Jarlette Health Services has established itself as an industry leader with over 50 years of experience in the dynamic senior care sector. 
 At this time, we are looking for passionate, results-driven individuals to join and grow with our team. Jarlette Health Services is proud to offer competitive wages, benefit packages and career advancement opportunities. As a Personal Support Worker, you will work under the direction of the Registered Staff and be responsible and accountable for providing optimum care to promote the well being of each individual resident. 
 Ideal Candidate Traits & Qualifications 
 Must possess a PSW Certificate Program with a minimum of 600 hours in duration or a grandfathered PSW/HCA that meets the requirements in subsection (3).O. Reg 79/10, s. 47 (1) of the LTCH Act, 2007 
Experience in Long Term Care (Gerontology) setting is preferred 
Must demonstrate good communication skills 
Must demonstrate an active interest in ongoing education 
Must be computer literate 
Provides care to residents following an established plan of care 
Observes and reports resident health findings to the registered staff 
Completes resident records accurately to reflect the resident care provided complying with legislative and Home requirements 
Participates in the orientation process for residents, students, volunteers, and nursing personnel 
 Please note, employment with Jarlette Health Services will be contingent on receipt of a current Criminal Reference Check, including Vulnerable Sector Screening. Jarlette Health Services is an equal opportunity employer and will accommodate individuals with disabilities through each stage of the recruitment process. Should you require an accommodation, please let us know. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
