  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Newport, Wales 
 Rate:  £9 - £9.50 per hour 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Ward Clerk 
 Calling all Administrators in Wales, are you looking for a new project involved within the NHS, our client is looking for an experienced ward clerk to come and help out to cover the below following sites: 
Abergavenny, Cwmbran and Newport. 
Hours per week: To cover a time period (8am-8pm) 
Rate of Pay: £9 Per hour PAYE 
Job Summary: 
Alert Medical Team when a Death Certificate requires completing 
18. 
 Ensure all waiting lists are displayed on ward and elective patient notes are 
present and tracked to ward 
19. 
 Assist in creating a warm, friendly atmosphere on the ward by welcoming 
patients, visitors etc and dealing with them appropriately. 
20. 
 Reception duties, answering the telephone, receiving, recording and 
forwarding relevant messages. 
21. 
 Photocopying, faxing, transferring e-roster's onto computer, print bank usage 
from previous week and record all bank requests on computer system. 
22. 
 Check MRSA screen of patients. 
23. 
 Access systems as appropriate i.e PAS, CWS, Ormis 
24. 
 Responsible for the organisation and distribution of all in-coming and outgoing mail 
25. 
 Provide the bed co-ordinator with up to date information on bed status in 
conjunction with the NIC 
26. 
 Arrange transport in accordance with individual patient requirements (if 
appropriate to site) 
27. 
 Arrange follow up appointments on discharge of patient either via e-mail, 
appointment request slip or by contacting the booking centre 
28. 
 Liaise with Works & Estates, IT and the Equipment Library for the reporting of 
faults or requesting work to be undertaken 
29. 
 Daily cleaning of work station, case note trolleys and PCs 
30. 
 Liaise with pharmacy to arrange collection/delivery of patient medication to 
take home (TTO's) 
31. 
 Liaise with discharge lounge 
3 
32. 
 Maintain stationary level and order medical stock as requested by nursing 
staff. 
 Keep documentation of stock requests and receipts via Oracle System 
33. 
 Print handover documentation from CWS for ward staff. 
34. 
 Ensure ward clerk hand over diary is up to date at all times. 
35. 
 Ensure referrals from the ward are delivered to the appropriate 
Consultant/dept., in a timely manner. 
36. 
 Maintain confidentiality of information relating to patients, staff and the 
organisation at all times. 
37. 
 All staff to liaise with colleagues and supervisors regarding annual leave prior 
to authorisation. 
38. 
 Clerks are responsible for covering their team's work during periods of annual 
leave and sickness. 
39. 
 Assist with basic training of new staff 
40. 
 Staff can work without direct supervision but with access to a supervisor. 
41. 
 Complete all relevant training to the needs of the service. 
42. 
 Work evenings, weekends and Bank Holidays to the needs of the service. 
43. 
 Flexible and cover other wards to the needs of the service 
44. 
 This role is open to change depending on the priorities of the service. 
45. 
 All staff must have an understanding of Policy for Record Keeping and 
Management of Health Records 
46. 
 Actively participate in the duties of the department as required 
Applicants should be confident in their own abilities and keen learners in order to fulfil the role to the best of your ability. 
 If this sounds like you, and if you want to discuss the role further then please contact Matt at service care solutions on 01772 208 953. 
 Alternatively, please email. 
 Matt.clarke@servicecare.org.uk. 
 , The Benefits of Service Care Solutions: 
, , £250 training allowance 
, , Excellent pay rates 
, , Exceptional referral bonuses 
, , Specialist's Non-Medical Non Clinical consultants offering single point of contact 
, , Frequent notifications for upcoming opportunities via text and email 
, , Nationwide provider of staff to cover over 40 different NHS trust and private organisations 
, , DBS disclosures provided via fast track online services free of charge. 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  Ongoing 
 
 
 Rate:  £9 - £9.50 per hour 
 
 
 Location:  Newport, Wales 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Secreterial 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208 953 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2021-01-06 23:40:02 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Police Staff Investigator (PIP Level 2) 
 Community Support Worker 
 Mental Health Nurse RMN 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Electrical Surveyor 
 Building Surveyor 
 Fire Risk Assessor 
 Fire Protection Officer 
 NHS Recruitment Admnistrator 
 Administrator 
 Support Worker - Vulnerable Adults 
 Social worker 
 Personal Advisor 
 Adoption Lead 
 Social worker 
 Bricklayer 
 Carpenter 
 Community Recovery Worker 
 Drug and Alcohol Worker  
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
