
 
 Youtube 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 Employee 2020 W2 
 
 
 Employee Portal 
 
 
 Locations 
 
 
 
 
 About 
 Employers 
 Employees 
 Get an Interview 
 Job Board 
 Coronavirus 2020 
 Blog 
 Apply Now 
 Menu  Menu 
 
 Posts 
 
 What to Do When You Don’t Have Much Relevant Job Experience   
 Job Search 
 Looking for the perfect job for you is great until you realize you don’t have the relevant experience the company is looking for in the posting. In fact, all your dream occupations seem to require opportunities you haven’t had yet. You know what they’re looking for, and you know you can do the job, but how can you make them consider what you have to offer? Here are three suggestions for  what to do when you don’t have much relevant job experience . 
 Begin with a spot-on cover letter. 
 This is usually read before the resume and can be your chance to explain exactly why you should be considered, despite how your experience reads. Make sure it’s enthusiastic, personable, and well-written, so it gets noticed in the sea of applications. 
 Use the space to talk briefly about your background and tie in the position to your skills and passions. This is your chance to make it past the initial barrier, which means you need to write a convincing letter that entices them to learn more about you. 
 Break down your skills. 
 Even if your experiences don’t match the job, there are skills you’ve taken away that can be applied. Obviously, you think you can do the job, now show it. Your irrelevant experience can be transformed into learning opportunities that provided you with the skills needed to take on this role. 
 There are different schools of through on structure, including highlighting previously positions in chronological order with the skills listed beneath each or listing the skills as the focus with the experience as support. Whatever you choose, take the time to do it right. You don’t want to rush your dreams for the sake of getting it done. 
 Look beyond your paid employment. 
 Maybe your career didn’t have corresponding experiences, but what about your personal life? What have you done academically or as a volunteer? In situations like this, it’s important to show both your experience and relevant work outside of the job. This can help you look more well-rounded as well as more qualified for the position. 
 A staffing agency changing expectations. 
 The recruiters at Workbox Staffing are dedicated to offering personalized experiences to our candidates. This means we never look at your job history and assume that’s what you have to offer. We take the time to get to know you and your skills, and then use our expertise to guide you through the placement process.  Contact a recruiter from Workbox  near you to get started today! 
 
 December 31, 2019/by  Kara Montgomery 
 https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/12/591733_EEM-Workbox-Staffing-FB_What-to-Do-When-You-Dont-Have-Much-Relevant-Job-Experience_112519.jpg 628 1200 Kara Montgomery https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/workbox-staffing-logo-color.png Kara Montgomery2019-12-31 11:00:042019-12-02 15:22:50What to Do When You Don’t Have Much Relevant Job Experience 
 
 5 Reasons It’s Important to Invest in an Employee’s Career Growth   
 Management Tips 
 What are you doing to help your employees develop professionally? If you can’t easily answer that question, you’re probably missing the boat on a valuable and important opportunity for your company. In case you haven’t considered it, here are five reasons it’s important to  invest in the career growth of your employees . 
 1. Maintain consistency 
 By making the same training available to all employees on a team, you’re setting the expectation right at the beginning and developing a culture of consistency. This way, you know every single employee has experienced the same onboarding and additional training and was told what was expected in the role. 
 2. Stay up to date on trends 
 Technology evolves constantly and, as an employer, it can be hard to stay on top of all of them. By making sure your employees stay trained, you know you’re still using the most efficient and effective resources for your team. 
 3. Boost morale 
 When you take the time to invest in your team, it sends a message. You are telling them they’re valuable and you care about their growth. This kind of culture will be more positive and have employees with higher morale because they feel noticed and important under your leadership. 
 4. Recognize your talent 
 More training also gives you an opportunity to see your team in a new light. For example, the extra training may cause some to excel beyond what you imagined and become your next top performer. Conversely, you may notice that some you had high hopes for aren’t taking it seriously. By giving them the chance to improve, you can see a different side to your team. 
 5. Decrease turnover 
 With more content employees, you’ll have less looking to leave for a better opportunity. Beyond just that perk, employees who are growing make great candidates for positions within the company. You don’t have to look externally or fear you’re going to lose people because you take the time to invest. 
 An employment agency with you in mind 
 When you have an opening, you aren’t looking for just anyone to fill the role. You want a performer, and we can deliver. At Workbox Staffing, we have an extensive evaluation process that includes pre-employment testing, background checks, employment verification, drug screenings and e-verify authorization so we can guarantee the right person.  Find a location near you  today! 
 
 September 5, 2019/by  Kara Montgomery 
 https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/09/5-Reasons-Its-Importanto-to-Invest-in-Employees-Career-Growth.jpg 628 1200 Kara Montgomery https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/workbox-staffing-logo-color.png Kara Montgomery2019-09-05 11:00:202019-09-26 14:40:175 Reasons It’s Important to Invest in an Employee’s Career Growth 
 
 5 Signs You've Hit a Plateau in Your Career and How to Fix It   
 Professional Development 
 It can be hard to identify a plateau at first. In fact, they're almost defined by the continued movement at the same level without variation. Things at work may still be going smoothly so you don't notice the lack of advancement or new challenges. Perhaps you don't realize you're experiencing one now. If you're unsure, here are  five signs you hit a plateau in your career  and how you can fix it. 
 
 1. You don 't come to work with a passion 
 When you first started your job, you were likely excited to the do the work or at least to learn how. Now, every day is part of your routine with small variations. You don't hate the work, but there's no emotion behind any of it. 
 How to fix it  : Talk to your supervisor about new projects or working with other departments to help you regain some of your lost passion for the work. 
 **2. You 've stopped learning ** 
 Similar to passion, when you first start in a role it's a marathon of learning new things. As time goes on, you stop learning new things and instead are complacent with what you know. Beyond the lack of new knowledge, you recognize you no longer have the desire to do it. 
 How to fix it  : Invest in your field more. Read about changes in your industry and new technologies and think about ways you can apply it to your position. If you try this and still have no positive reaction, you may have outgrown your role. 
 3. Your personal life is or has been chaotic 
 In some cases, a career plateau welcomes stability while your personal life is upended. In the midst of dealing with it, you may have stopped paying attention to your work. As long you're still doing your job effectively, this isn't necessarily a bad thing. 
 How to fix it  : Examine your life now. Do you still need the comfort of your plateaued position or in the relative calm of your life do you recognize it's time for a change? 
 4. You have nowhere left to grow at your company 
 Plateaus can be forced upon an employee because there just isn't anywhere else to go. Take a look at your company structure. Have you become comfortable in this place because you know there isn't something more? 
 How to fix it  : Talk about your aspirations with your supervisor. Determine what else you can do and if it's ultimately time to move on with your career. 
 5. Your contribution is lacking 
 It's true you're doing the work as it needs done, but are you leaving anything meaningful? You have your gifts and skills, but you feel like they're going to waste where you are. 
 How to fix it:  Look for creative ways to get involved at work. Maybe it's in joining a new project or committee and find ways to use your skills and gifts differently. 
 Make the big fix with Workbox Staffing 
 If you've tried all of these solutions and still feel like you're going nowhere, it might be time for a new job. Empower yourself for a better tomorrow and  contact Workbox Staffing  today. 
 
 July 2, 2019/by  Kara Montgomery 
 https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2019/06/5-Signs-Youve-Hit-a-Plateau-in-Your-Career-and-How-to-Fix-It.jpg 628 1200 Kara Montgomery https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/workbox-staffing-logo-color.png Kara Montgomery2019-07-02 11:00:022019-06-17 13:11:205 Signs You've Hit a Plateau in Your Career and How to Fix It 
 Locations   Employee Portal   Job Board   Subscribe 
 Locations   Employee Portal   Job Board   Subscribe 
 © 2020 Workbox Staffing. All rights reserved. - Equal Opportunity Employer - ASA Member  Site by CurlyHost. 
 Scroll to top 
