Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Medication Reimbursement Specialist - Casual - Markham Site 
 Markham Stouffville Hospital 
 __Markham, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Who we are: 
Markham Stouffville Hospital (MSH) is one of Ontario’s leading community hospitals. Across our two sites (Markham and Uxbridge) and Reactivation Care Centre (RCC), we provide high quality, patient-centred care to more than 435,000 patients each year. We offer diagnostic and emergency services and deliver clinical programs in acute care medicine and surgery, addictions and mental health, and childbirth and children’s services. We are also proud to be part of the Eastern York Region North Durham Ontario Health Team (OHT). 
 Our 526 physicians, 28 midwives, 2,400 staff and 1,000 volunteers serve patients and families with an honoured to care mindset and are focused on delivering an extraordinary patient experience to the residents of Markham, Whitchurch-Stouffville, Uxbridge and beyond.. We are dedicated to providing access to the right care, at the right time, in the right place by the right people and at the right cost. Are you ready to join us? 
 Who you are: 
You are an innovative and customer- centered individual who provides excellence within their profession 
 You are a team player with excellent communication, critical thinking and customer service skills 
 You have vision, flexibility, transparency, honesty and practicality 
 You are organized, accurate, able to multi task and meet deadlines 
 You support the patient experience, your colleagues and others cultural and spiritual beliefs 
 You encompass MSH’s core values and live the words of Respect, Trust, Commitment, Compassion and Courage 
 What we need: 
The Medication Reimbursement Specialist will be the central point of contact for oncology physicians, nurses, social workers and pharmacists to help navigate patient medication coverage. You will be actively involved with government, community based and private agencies that provide financial assistance for medications. In addition, you will be an advisor and advocate to patients, families and health care providers regarding medication costs and the reimbursement process, while assisting with the coordination and submission of application forms for access to medication assistance for oncology outpatients. 
 Compensation 
 Band R:  Ranges from $27.33 - $32.64 per hour. 
 What you bring to MSH: 
At minimum, completion of a two year community college program in an Allied Health related discipline or recognized equivalent required 
Minimum of 2 years’ experience in Oncology Outpatient or related setting 
Knowledge and experience with public and private medication access/reimbursement programs and relevant agencies 
Excellent working knowledge of cancer treatments, health system infrastructure, special access programs and third party insurance plans 
Proven proficiency with MS Office (Word, Excel, Outlook) and database applications 
Knowledge of Meditech, preferably Meditech 6.0 
Excellent verbal and written communication, organizational and interpersonal skills 
Detailed oriented with an ability to follow specific instructions with a high degree of accuracy 
Demonstrated ability to work within a team and independently 
Well-developed organizational and prioritization skills coupled with the ability to work well in a fast-paced environment 
Demonstrates critical thinking skills to deal with demanding situations and fluctuating workloads 
Demonstrated good attendance record with the ability to maintain this same standard 
Demonstrated commitment to a healthy and safe workplace for self and others (staff, patients, families, etc.) by taking all reasonable precautions and working in compliance with hospital related policies, health and safety legislation and best practices and completing relevant mandatory education as required 
 Markham Stouffville Hospital Corporation takes pride in creating an inclusive and diverse workforce which represents the community we serve. We are dedicated to ensuring you feel respected and welcomed whether you are a patient, caregiver, visitor, community member, volunteer or employee. Our commitment to create an ‘honoured to care’ culture is an expression of our humble and compassionate attitude. Markham Stouffville Hospital is committed to meeting the needs of all individuals in accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA) and the Ontario Human Rights Code. Should you require accommodations during the recruitment and selection process, please contact Human Resources. 
 Required Skills 
 Required Experience 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
