Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Certified Dental Assistant - BILINGUAL 
 Canadian Orthodontic Partners- Docbraces 
 __Dieppe, NB 
 Apply Now 
 Company Overview: 
 Canadian Orthodontic Partners-Docbraces has an exciting opportunity! We are looking for a talented bilingual Dental Assistant to join our team. Canadian Orthodontic Partners support a national network of community-based clinics in delivering personalized Orthodontic treatment. We provide an enhanced level of patient care and service experience in our clinics putting patient care above all else. Come join a team that shares, collaborates and learns with a vision of becoming the icon of orthodontic excellence by building self-esteem, one beautiful smile at a time. 
 Role Outline: 
 The Dental Assistants provides an invaluable health care service, representing the gateway to oral health in the practice. This individual must demonstrate flexibility, strong communication and clinical skills to achieve optimal results and exceed patient expectations. You will play a critical role in providing outstanding patient care, with a cheerful can-do attitude. The Dental Assistant should be a team player in supporting all aspects of the practice including some administrative task. 
 Key Responsibilities: 
 
 Greet patients and families in the patient area 
 Bring patients in for their visit in an enthusiastic way, building a personal connection at every visit 
 Ensures that patients receive optimal hygiene treatment based on clinical findings and their goal for comprehensive oral health 
 Desire to help, educate and improve our patients’ lives 
 Comply with clinical standards of practice requirements for Oral Cancer Screenings, periodontal disease management and Periodic Comprehensive Oral Examinations. 
 Prepare and maintain all dental instruments, supplies and equipment 
 Organize, clean and maintain a clean and sterile clinical area 
 Complete all weekly and monthly analytics 
 Attend events, meetings and/or sponsorship events. 
 Travel to satellite locations if/when necessary 
 Maintain a positive attitude and work cohesively with fellow team members to provide an atmosphere of trust, respect and cooperation 
 Perform any other tasks delegated or assigned by the Orthodontist or leadership team 
 Possess great energy for a fast-paced environment 
 
 Requirements: 
 
 1-year experience as a Dental Assistant 
 Successfully completed CDA 
 Excellent interpersonal and communication skills; written and verbal, an ability to make patients feel comfortable and at ease 
 Great time management and organizational skills 
 
 What We Offer: 
 We offer the opportunity to exercise and enhance your skills working with cross functional teams in a flourishing environment. The organization also provides a competitive total rewards package that include base salary + bonus and a great benefit package with extended health, dental, life, ADD and EFAP. 
 We are an equal opportunity employer, dedicated to creating a diverse and inclusive culture. Everyone who applies will be considered, but only those selected for an interview will be contacted. Should you require accommodation through any stage of the recruitment process, we will work with you to meet your needs in compliance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA). 
 Job Types: Full-time, Contract 
 Experience: 
 
 Dental Assisting: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 Dental Assitant (Preferred) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
