Skip to content 
   
 labangel's corner 
 The personal finance of a nerdy code monkey 
 
 Twitter  
 Email  
 Medium  
 Networthshare  
 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 About Me 
 The Numbers 
 Contact 
 
 Tag: job search 
 Shaping My Career 
 Life: I got engaged! And my college bestie got engaged a week later! 
 
 I flew out to the east coast for one weekend and had a small engagement ceremony at my parent's house. I flew right back to California to attend an onsite interview. 
 My mom is hardcore planning my wedding already. I feel like there's a lot of miscommunication between my parents and my boyfriend's parents as compared to me and my boyfriend. It may also be that my mom has a lot of free time to overthink things, gets stressed incredibly easily, and has (sometimes unreasonably) high expectations of everyone around her. 
 We haven't made our relationship social media official yet. We have to at least wait until my boyfriend calls or messages all of his close friends and relatives with the news. 
 
 Health & wellness: I didn't work out at all in June. And I don't have health insurance now that it's July. 
 
 I took advantage of being out of work to catch up on appointments with my doctor and dentist. I got a 6-month dental checkup and annual physical in the last week of June while I still had coverage. I also got a tetanus shot and had blood work done. I'm grateful for my health and won't need any appointments till December/January, when I'm due to visit the optometrist and dentist. 
 I have until August to elect COBRA coverage and have it be retroactively applied to July. The health insurance I had under my employer would cost $645/month. This is too much coverage and too expensive for my non-existent needs, so I've been meaning to look into Obamacare. I'll spend more time on this towards the end of July after I finish my job search. 
 
 Financial: 
 
 I didn't have any income in June and am surprised at how little I thought about money. I worried a little about cash flow after paying July rent before my roommates paid me back for their part of the rent, but things went smoothly overall. After my last paycheck of $4K gets deposited next week, I won't need to think about money till mid-August. 
 I'm still holding $6K cash in my brokerage account but don't expect to need it until the end of August if I haven't gotten my first paycheck by then. 
 My portfolio could use rebalancing but it's not urgent so I'll wait till I finish my job search. 
 Facebook announced a new currency called Libra which caused Bitcoin to jump in value. As a result I added my crypto wallet under "Other Assets". It contains 2 ETH and I'll keep it a static category going forward. 
 
 Career: 
 
 I successfully navigated a dozen onsites so far and am fielding multiple job offers. I have more onsites next week and possibly the week after so I'm still practicing my interview skills this weekend. 
 Now I'm starting to reflect on what I really want in a new role and whether I could picture actually working at various companies for multiple years. I'm also wondering how to shape my career. For example if I take a job doing a similar type of engineering as I have been doing, then will I become a specialist in a couple more years and have more generalist opportunities close as a result? (No.) Should I stick with public companies as I have been doing thus far in my career or am I ready to take the compensation risk to join late-stage startups? (I have enough net worth that I feel okay accepting a job at a startup I believe in.) Say the company I do want to join can't match the highest offer I receive, then do I forget the money and join the company I like? How much do I hold out until a good company comes along that is willing to pay more than any other offer? (Depends on how much interview fatigue I have at the end of this month.) 
 Another focus is to negotiate well and get a competitive offer that reflects the skills I've honed in the last 2 years. My best written offer so far is from a public company at $165K salary and $65K RSUs per year. While I primarily care about the team and type of work I'll be doing in my new job, I still want to be paid well. If I can successfully convey this to recruiters then I could profit by hundreds of thousands of dollars in the long run. 
 
 labangel   Monthly Updates   Leave a comment   July 12, 2019  3 Minutes 
 Thoughts on Job Searching 
 Life:  I had a wonderful time spending Memorial Day with two college friends who flew in from Texas. 
 
 I had told my parents that I was studying for interviews back in February, I told them I was looking for a job at the beginning of May, and today I told them that I quit my job because I was having trouble meeting deadlines at work after I made my mind up to find a new job. My mother is a big worrier and gets anxious if bad things happen that are out of her control. I'm grateful that my father works in tech and he helped reassure my mom that the job market is hot and I won't have any trouble finding a new job. I feel justified in waiting a few weeks to tell her because having options like an offer in hand if I wanted to accept as well as multiple onsite interview request all helped reassure her. At first she was very hesitant and I could feel her apprehension and worry over the phone but 30 mins later I felt like she was smiling and my parents both wished me good luck in my job search. This was THE MOST NERVERACKING conversation I had in the past month but I'm glad that I could walk my parents through my thought process and that they trust I'll be okay. 
 My boyfriend booked flights for his family to fly out to meet my family around Fourth of July. Because I'm anonymous I can share this early, we're getting engaged! 
 
 Health & wellness:  As expected, I only worked out 6 times in May. Even though I've stopped exercising, I'm also eating less so I weigh the same. 
 
 I have health, dental, and vision insurance till the end of June, I will have to explore COBRA or some alternatives for health insurance by then. I'm considering going without health insurance till I find a job if there is no tax penalty for going without insurance anymore. 
 
 Financial: 
 
 I turbocharged my 401K in the last month I was employed and have thus contributed over $14K and got $7K in employer contributions for 2019. 
 I currently have sufficient cash for my needs and am still holding $6K cash in my brokerage account 
 My portfolio is only about 20% international stocks now. I've tried to maintain a 30/70 split between international/domestic for over a year so it's time to rebalance. 
 
 Career: 
 
 I've never felt in a position of power in my career so I often opted to please others in my job even if it happened at the detriment of completing my tasks. This is my main learning from my previous job, to be selfish and not care so much about helping others. I won't make the same mistake in my next one. 
 Job searching is emotionally draining in a different way than working full time. Working involves a lot of monotony and grinding while job searching is an emotional rollercoaster of social interactions, acceptances, and rejects on both mine and the company's parts. Job searching plays to my strengths of people pleasing and test taking/being book smart so I'm not worried. 
 The current difficulty in my job search is making sure I schedule onsites close enough together that I can get multiple offers and pit competing offers against each other. 
 
 labangel   Monthly Updates   June 25, 2019  2 Minutes 
   Net Worth $463,454 
 My Tweets  Search for: 
 Connect with me! 
 
  Twitter  
  Email  
  WordPress  
  Medium  
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Create your website at WordPress.com 
 Get started 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
