mkhmarketing 
   
 Main menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
 Tag Archives: social media career growth 
 Post navigation 
 It's not too late to INTEGRATE 
 Posted on  March 17, 2013  by   mkhmarketing 
 0 
 
SXSWi 2013  just wrapped up this week. Many emerging media professionals openly aspire to participate in this high-profile interactive conference, and those who actually make the trip to Austin, TX, certainly like to blog about it prolifically. Check out any of the 308 articles already posted on  Mashable . 
 Attendance at the event was 30,000 strong this year, beating all previous records. In fact, increasing numbers of marketers are taking time away from their busy working lives to attend emerging media conferences all around the country, and even across the globe. What motivates them to invest significant resources in time and money? Undoubtedly there is passion to grow skills within a dynamic industry that is moving at breakneck speed, plus a desire to keep up with cutting edge technologies and digital creativity, all perhaps mixed with a healthy dose of fear about being left behind professionally. 
 For those who may have missed the whole SXSWi experience, there are countless alternative events to attend and learn from, offering great opportunities to network with the best and brightest experts in the industry. Use this  2013 Events Board  as a resource to search by location, date and speciality. 
 One notable date for your diary is May 31, 2013, which kicks off the two-day WVU Integrated Marketing Communications (IMC)  INTEGRATE conference  in Morgantown, WV. 
 
 Whether you are a seasoned professional, or someone who is considering enrolling in the IMC graduate program at West Virginia University, INTEGRATE 2013 is your opportunity to build your professional network and talk about the hottest topics in IMC…transform your career through innovative workshops and breakout sessions, and participate in thought provoking discussions about industry trends. 
 
 Leading the roster of impressive presenters,the keynote speaker at INTEGRATE this year is Jane Schachtel – Head of Technology, Global Vertical Marketing Manager for Facebook. 
 Whether you travel to Morgantown, WV, or find an conference closer to home, why not grasp the opportunity to advance your career, learn new strategies, absorb creative energy, exchange top tips, and benefit from peer-to-peer networking? At the very least, whichever event you attend, you can take comfort in meeting many other marketing professionals who are working just as hard to keep up as you are. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 More 
 
 
 
 Reddit 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Tagged  emerging media conference ,  internet marketing conferences ,  online marketing education ,  professional marketing networking opportunities ,  social media career growth ,  social media education ,  social media learning ,  social media networking ,  social media peer networking ,  social media professional networking ,  upcoming social media events ,  WVU IMC program ,  WVU integrate conference 
 Post navigation 
 Recent Posts 
 
 It's not too late to INTEGRATE 
 Original content drives engagement 
 Focusing on social media video content 
 For emergency use only 
 Fashionably late adopters 
 
 Archives 
 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 
 Amy Reed 
 
 
 Andrea Rogers 
 
 
 Andrew Hansen 
 
 
 Ashley Riebel 
 
 
 Ayana Dunning 
 
 
 Creativecahoots 
 
 
 Jill Whiskeyman 
 
 
 Karmen Stafford 
 
 
 Kate Ruddle 
 
 
 Kellie Elmerraji 
 
 
 Kelly Jubic 
 
 
 Kevin Stolarski 
 
 
 Kristine Amstutz 
 
 
 MKTG Madness 
 
 
 Sean McIntyre 
 
 
 Shayna Varner 
 
 
 RSS - Posts 
 
 
 RSS - Comments 
 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 90 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
