Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Contact Center Representative 
 TD Bank 
 __Dieppe, NB 
 Apply Now 
 Tell us your story. Don't go unnoticed. Explain why you're a winning candidate. Think "TD" if you crave meaningful work and embrace change like we do. We are a trusted North American leader that cares about people and inspires them to grow and move forward. 
 Stay current and competitive. Carve out a career for yourself. Grow with us. 
 Department Overview 
 "Welcome to TD. How can I help?" 
 Helping is at the heart of all we do within TD's contact center, and we're proud of the value we deliver 24 hours a day, 7 days a week, for more than 25 million customers. 
 Every day is an opportunity to learn and grow, and help our customers feel confident that we'll be there for them anytime they need us: buying their morning coffee, shopping online, paying their bills, or planning for that next trip 
 Job Description 
 What We Offer 
 As part of our Contact Centre team, you will: 
Gain confidence and feel prepared for prepared and confident for success after completing our training program and receiving dedicated coaching support. 
Grow in a continuous learning environment, with customized development paths to help you achieve your goals and build an exciting career at TD. 
Thrive in an environment where diversity and inclusion are part of our core values; where you can bring your whole self to work and celebrate diversity at work and in our communities. 
Enjoy a competitive salary, pay for performance incentives, reward and recognition programs, and a benefits package that helps our colleagues achieve financial, mental, and physical well-being. 
 Your Commitment 
Location – 43 Champlain Street, Dieppe, New Brunswick 
 Training Commitment (Full time hours) 
Training is scheduled at 37.5 hours per week for both part-time and full-time colleagues. Training is generally scheduled from 7:30am-3:30pm or 4:00pm-12:00am. You must be able to accommodate either schedule. 
 Scheduling Commitment 
Full Time – You will be scheduled for 37.5 hours per week, Our Center is open from 7:00am - 1:00am, 7 days a week and will be scheduled in that time frame. 
 Part Time – You will be scheduled for a minimum of 22.5 hours per week, and shifts will range from 4-8 hours. You must be flexible to work between the hours of 7:00am-1:00am, 7 days a week. 
 What's Next 
Are you ready to choose TD and be part of exceptional team of individuals who are committed to making a difference in people's lives, at work and in the communities we live in? 
 We want you! 
 Job Requirements 
 Who you are 
 You are passionate about understanding our customers' needs so that you can provide the right advice and solutions to deliver a legendary customer experience every time. 
You love a good challenge and can effectively multi-task, sourcing relevant information quickly to support decision-making and effective problem solving. 
You are dependable, and you take pride in developing your knowledge and expertise to consistently deliver strong performance. 
You are flexible and thrive in an environment of change. You consistently demonstrate a positive attitude, resiliency, and willingness to do things differently. 
You enjoy working with a diverse team and appreciate the value of perspectives other than your own. 
 Additional Information 
 Class Starting February 1, 2021 
 English and Bilingual positions available 
 Please note:  13 weeks of full time training is mandatory to ensure your success . 
 Training is Monday - Friday from 7:00 am - 3:00 pm. 
 Inclusiveness 
 At TD, we are committed to fostering an inclusive, accessible environment, where all employees and customers feel valued, respected and supported. We are dedicated to building a workforce that reflects the diversity of our customers and communities in which we live and serve. If you require an accommodation for the recruitment/interview process (including alternate formats of materials, or accessible meeting rooms or other accommodation), please let us know and we will work with you to meet your needs. 
 Job Family 
 Contact Centre 
 Job Category - Primary 
 Call Center 
 Job Category(s) 
 Call Center 
 Hours 
 37.5 
 Hours/Availability Detail 
 Availability to work a variety of rotating shifts between the hours of 7:00 am and 1:00 am Monday through Sunday including statutory holidays is required. 
 Business Line 
 TD Canada Trust 
 Time Type 
 Full Time 
 Employment Type 
 Regular 
 Country 
 Canada 
 **Province/State (Primary) 
 New Brunswick 
 City (Primary) 
 Dieppe 
 Work Location 
 43 Champlain Street (477 Paul St.) 
 Apply to job 
Save 
Send to friend 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
