Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Child & Youth Worker 
 Spark Lifecare 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Love helping people? We're looking for passionate, hardworking, and self-directed people to join our team of caregivers. Spark Inc is an innovative and award-winning organization that matches clients to the best one to one care in the community. 
 CHILD & YOUTH WORKER 
Our clients are incredible youth seeking care in the Ottawa region and valley. After experiences such as trauma, complex medical diagnoses, mental illnesses, or issues in their natural development, they are looking for support with managing emotions and behaviours, developing healthy relationships, and sometimes accompaniment into the community. Our clients' interests range in everything from sports, to arts and crafts, to reading, to building things, and everything in between! You would be the ideal candidate to work with us if you are passionate about working with youth, are reliable, love working in a team, have a Child & Youth Worker degree or equivalent, and if you have a valid Non-Violent Crisis Intervention training or equivalent. 
 HOURS: 
Flexible schedule options 
 RATE OF PAY: 
Starting at $23/hr 
 Requirements 
 Cover letter outlining why you would be a great match for Spark. Tell us who you are! 
Valid First Aid and CPR Standard Level C certification 
Smartphone with a data plan 
Criminal Record & Vulnerable Sector Check (within the last 12 months) 
 Assets 
 University or College education in a related field 
Driver's license level "G" and access to a reliable vehicle 
CPR, TCI, and/or NVCI training (current certification 
 Spark is looking to hire motivated, dedicated, and experienced Child and Youth Support Workers. In this role, you'll be working with children and youth in the community living with Autism Spectrum Disorder, varying mental illnesses, and behavioural challenges. 
 Care is tailored to each person, so each position is unique. Some clients need mainly in-home support. Others require support participating in community activities. Whatever the circumstances, we want people who will genuinely care about their well-being. 
 Why Choose Spark? 
 At Spark, we value community, work life balance and career development. To help foster your personal and professional growth, we partner with Spark* University, a non-profit focused on equipping, educating, and empowering caregivers. Spark U makes your job easier so you can focus more on you and your clients. 
 Whatever our clients' age, background, or circumstances, we help them choose the perfect fit from our handpicked team of passionate, skilled and committed caregivers. As a caregiver with Spark, you have a voice in the matching process. We believe that your input will foster the best long-term relationships with your clients. At Spark you'll have flexibility, autonomy and a team who truly cares about you. 
 Get to know us at sparkcares.ca 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
