My journey on becoming full-time designer. 
 A great WordPress.com site 
 Tag Archives: jobs library 
 October 2, 2013  by   katdesigner 
 Day 2: Oh the CV malarky! 90 days to go! 
 Kat doodles about life: 
 So day two of the challenge. I woke a bit tired after not being able to sleep much last night thinking about the challenge plus I blame two cups of strong tea I drink straight after each other. Yesterday after posting, I sat down and cleared all the e-mails into relevant folders and made all tabs clear, so every day, when I wake up, I can deal straight away with what is relevant. There is lot more deleting and organizing within my e-mail to be done, but that is for another time. This morning it only took me less then hour to reply and organize all e-mails and social media I have received during the night with nothing more hanging to be done in my account. How brilliant. 
 When going through tasks and trying to get yourself out there, I have realized that keeping up with cv and updating all social media is the most important thing nowadays. I decided to dedicate the day to updating my cv and uploading it to different sites. Recently I did that with LinkedIn account. That is quite a good one to use as a starting point. However they allow you only to put limited amount of characters under one job, so when you work as self employed, listing all the little jobs in one may not be enough. So I looked at all sorts of the jobs I did and under my company name created three kinds positions. One for theatre design relevant work, one for painting and decorating, interior design and decluttering and the last one for general artistic work. It suddenly made lot more sense for everyone to look at and understand what I do. I have applied the same system onto my cv today, but just make sure you keep saving the document as you go. 
 In the summary of who I am I used to use one particular paragraph for years, which may have sounded professional , but I felt it no longer had that crisp fresh sound, so I wrote, who I see myself as with simple few adjectives characterizing my life and work attitude, current state and aspirations into the future. No more then five sentences should do the trick. 
 Within my e-mail account I had e-mails from about 4 different job sites. I went through each of them and with different levels of luck managed to upload my cv. Jobsite as first, which keeps sending me not very relevant job offers for design positions. Unfortunately all the ones, where you need to be computer geek and somehow the beauty of designing or building real model is no longer needed. You would think that website like which is advertising on national level would have different options for uploading your cv apart from word file. Perhaps jpg or most likely pdf, separate fill in boxes, if it comes to the worst as txt. Especially after you have just spend hours tweaking your pages to making it look the part. Several uploads of the files have failed. Well not only that, after I spent updating details in the form, they have disappeared after the file hasn't uploaded properly, so I had to do it again. Cup of tea break was needed to lift my spirits up. As soon as I sent in the help line form in I have finally figured out the problems. Turn your fancy word document into plain text with no columns or anything else. When saved as rtf, after save it again into document, but keeping it plain. Hallelujah, it uploaded, but let me tell as a designer, it is not looking exactly great. If you are not able to change your details within the site program, it feels pretty useless even having to upload it in a first place. 
 Guardian website was lot more user friendly. They had all my previous details saved already, so I just checked if they are correct, updated and moved around jobs and ready I was. Highly recommend it. I did not have that many e-mails from them as website in the past, but now with fully updated previous jobs I am hoping for more luck. 
 CV Site e-mail ended up in my account somehow without really knowing how. I have a feeling it came together with paid membership for LinkedIn I had once tried. They offered me free CV check as a member of their anticipating partners, but have never used it, so I decided give it a go since it is needed now more than ever. With technical issue of not letting me to the free check up as advertised I e-mailed them and within few minutes I had lovely lady messaging me back asking me to send her my cv. Brilliant. Will definitely post you on that one. Their site has a partner site called CV library, so I will be uploading cv there once it is returned. 
 Lastly UK Staff Search was probably the most quickest in the whole process. They simply asked for e-mail, uploading the file and within second you had the form with all boxes filled with relevant information taken from the uploaded cv. I have corrected the employment and education history just by simply copying and pasting information from my original document and here it was , done. 
 So that is for today, enough for sitting around at computer. I am reminding everybody join me in my challenge, or please spread the message around and let me know what is your dream. Keep that 92 days spirit and get it achieved by the end of the year. Better start now and really make it happen, than attempting to turn it into New Year's resolution. Have a lovely day a take care. Kat xx 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Share 
 
 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 Reddit 
 
 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  92 Days Challenge ,  All Posts ,  Kat Doodles About Life ,  Kat Speaks About Languages 
Tagged  92 Days Challenge ,  challenge ,  cv ,  cv site ,  dreams ,  e-mails ,  guardian ,  job hunting ,  jobs library ,  jobsite ,  LinkedIn ,  luck ,  My journey on becoming full-time designer ,  new year resolution ,  rtf ,  troubleshooting ,  txt ,  uk staff search ,  upload ,  word ,  word document 
 Leave a comment 
 Post navigation 
 Kat Design 
 
 Kat Design 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Categories 
 
 3 Days Challenge- NEW!!! 
 92 Days Challenge 
 About Kat 
 All Posts 
 Interior Design 
 Kat Doodles About Life 
 Kat Gets Arty 
 Kat Recommends 
 Kat Speaks About Languages 
 Theatre Design 
 Would You Like to Help? 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Oh boy, what did I get myself into…? 
 How I Moved to Paris… 
 Meltdown and How to Calm Down 
 Year On… 
 Post 32: Notre Dame in the Morning…! 90 to go! 
 Post 31: Resolutions Review March! 91 to go! 
 Post 29: What to See in Paris?! 93 to go! 
 Post 30: Walk Along the Seine! 92 to go! 
 Post 28: From London to Paris! 94 to go! 
 27: London Adventure with Jan Kraus! 
 Post 26: Kat Is Back! 96 to go! 
 Post 25: Quick Sketching! 97 to go! 
 Post 24: Karen Makes Me Smile! 98 to go! 
 Post 23: Birthday & Holiday Fever! 99 to go! 
 Post 22: One Sixth of the Challenge! 100 to go! 
 Post 21: Pack Your Bag, Buy the Ticket And Go On an Adventure! 101 to go! 
 Post 20: Resolutions Review February! 102 to go! 
 Post 19: Book Shopping! 103 to go! 
 Post 18: Another 'Little Steps, Bigger Picture' Post! 104 to go! 
 Post 17: Breathe And Just Let Things Roll…! 105 to go! 
 
 Searching for specific doodle? 
 Search for: 
 Your most recent favourites on my blog 
 
 Oh boy, what did I get myself into...? 
 How I Moved to Paris... 
 Meltdown and How to Calm Down 
 Year On... 
 Post 32: Notre Dame in the Morning...! 90 to go! 
 Post 31: Resolutions Review March! 91 to go! 
 Post 29: What to See in Paris?! 93 to go! 
 Post 30: Walk Along the Seine! 92 to go! 
 
 Thank You all for 
 
 7,592 fab views! 
 
 Follow My journey on becoming full-time designer. on WordPress.com 
 Mostly doodled about 
 Amanda Bathory   art   being a foreigner   being ill   birthday   blogging   blog party   bookcases   Bristol   career   carnival   challenge   chef   Christmas   circus   cooking   costumes   cv   cycling   Czech   David Allen   design   Designing For Interiors   drawing   dreams   driving   driving licence   English   Facebook   failure   Farrow&Ball   fashion   followers   France   hoarding   Ikea   illustration   In basket   instagram   interior/theatre designer   interior design   interiors   interpreting   job   job hunting   languages   Learner Mother   learning English   learning how to drive   Liebster award   London   looking for a job   love   motivation   My journey on becoming full-time designer   New Year   new year resolution   night out   painting   Paris   party   potatoes   prison   resolution   resolutions   saving money   scenic painting   scrapbook   sketching   social media   stop smoking   teaching   theatre   theatre design   The Crazy bag lady   translating   Twitter   upcycling   wine   Wordpress 
 Instagram 
 No Instagram images were found. 
 Archives 
 
 February 2015 
 December 2014 
 October 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 January 2013 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 July 2012 
 May 2012 
 
 Blogs I Follow 
 
 Hiking Photography 
 trickster¡e 
 Karen Gillmore Art 
 Simple Life Mom 
 twist & turn 
 art fn 
 Lia in Brussels 
 REDAGAPE 
 My blog 
 Chad Stark 
 vicki's kitchen 
 winolady 
 Fashion Mayann 
 BulanLifestyle.com 
 A Spoonful of Style 
 My Site 
 Maison Bentley Style 
 LearnerMother 
 Abigail Ahern Blog 
 The WordPress.com Blog 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Hiking Photography 
 trickster¡e 
 painter, wanderer & mischief-maker 
 Karen Gillmore Art 
 Comics & Illustration 
 Simple Life Mom 
 twist & turn 
 Artisan knitter rambling about her London life in general 
 art fn 
 My studies in creating art -- Tim Hards Vicente 
 Lia in Brussels 
 REDAGAPE 
 Crochet and Fun Ideas for Creative Living 
 My blog 
 Chad Stark 
 Entrepreneurship | Technology | Interior Design | Home Decor | Music 
 vicki's kitchen 
 winolady 
 not for nothing 
 Fashion Mayann 
 www.fashionmayann.wordpress.com is about some fashion inspirations 
 BulanLifestyle.com 
 Welcome to my Art and Lifestyle Blog. Follow my adventures as a Bohemian artist. 
 A Spoonful of Style 
 A fashion & lifestyle blog | Because Style Matters 
 My Site 
 Maison Bentley Style 
 LearnerMother 
 (and other stories) 
 Abigail Ahern Blog 
 Source for design inspiration, musings and decorating tips from Abigail Ahern 
 The WordPress.com Blog 
 The latest news on WordPress.com and the WordPress community. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
