Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 CASUAL Strong Start Facilitator 
 School District #75 (Mission) 
 __Mission, BC 
 Apply Now 
 JOB DESCRIPTION 
 Mission Public Schools is now accepting applications for CASUAL Strong Start Facilitator 
 Summary 
 Under the supervision of the Assistant Superintendent and the school Principal, the Strong Start Facilitator delivers the StrongStart BC Early Learning Centre drop-in program for parents/caregivers with preschool aged children (0-5 years). Parents and/or caregivers will be supported to participate alongside their children using interactive activities that concentrate on key aspects of early childhood development in a play based setting. 
 Duties include, but are not limited to: 
 
 Ensure that the programs and activities are developed and maintained in response to the Strong Start BC guidelines 
 Create a family-friendly environment that provides safety and security for children and their parents or caregivers. 
 Plan and coordinate a variety of daily participant-orientated activities for drop-in clients, and organize special events and information sessions 
 Help parents and caregivers to reflect on their child’s current learning and development 
 Keep current on early learning and child care issues including participating in training and staff development. 
 Establish connections with clients, school staff and community partners to facilitate a smooth transition for families into the formal school system. 
 Maintain a working knowledge of community services, resources and supports for children and their families. 
 Promote the Program and provide information on other community early learning opportunities to all families throughout the community. 
 Assist in the preparation of the budget and purchase/maintain supplies such as arts and crafts, equipment, materials, snacks, etc. 
 Maintain daily, monthly and quarterly attendance, statistics and reports as required by the District and the Ministry including attendance, forms, budget, etc. 
 Attend, as required, meetings that pertain to Strong Start BC. 
 Work closely with and understand the requirements of the school personnel and District and Ministry policy and procedures. 
 Maintain confidentiality of sensitive information. 
 
 Perform other related duties as may reasonably be expected of a person in this position 
 Required Qualifications 
 
 Grade 12 graduation 
 Certificate in Early Childhood Education from a recognized post-secondary institution 
 Valid Community Care Facilities Branch BC License to Practice (maintain current licenses and certifications to practice) 
 Current First Aid certificate 
 Valid B.C. Class 5 driver’s license; a driver’s abstract to be provided annually 
 
 Required Experience 
 
 A minimum of two (2) years relevant experience including working with diverse ethnic populations 
 
 Required Skills and Abilities 
 
 Good organizational and planning skills and 
 Ability to communicate effectively and demonstrate good public relations skills 
 Understanding and knowledge of child development, family dynamics, community resources and early learning 
 Ability to work positively and effectively with a variety of parents/caregivers, children, volunteers, personnel, professionals, community members, and the general public 
 Experience in creating, planning, implementing and budgeting for a parent participation early learning program 
 Ability to work proactively and in a self-directed manner to foster an atmosphere of trust and respect, to promote awareness of early learning issues and to promote and marker the Strong Start program as required 
 Such other qualifications, skills and abilities as may be required to meet Ministry requirements or the terms of the Strong Start contract 
 Ability to be flexible and work with minimal supervision 
 
 Preferred Skills and Abilities 
 
 Working knowledge of school district operations, policies and procedures 
 
 Please submit resume and documentation of education to HRsupportstaff@mpsd.ca 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
