  
 
 World Animal Foundation 
 
 About 
 Contact 
 Fact Sheets 
 Kids 
 Search 
 
 
 Adopt 
 
 Adopt A Wild Animal 
 Adopt A Mammal Or Marsupial 
 Adopt A Bird 
 Adopt A Reptile Or Amphibian 
 Adopt A Fish 
 Adopt A Bug Or Invertebrate 
 Adopt An Endangered Species 
 Adopt A Farm Animal 
 
 
 Wildlife 
 
 Mammals 
 Birds 
 Reptiles 
 Amphibians 
 Fish 
 Insects 
 Invertebrates 
 
 
 Wild Earth 
 
 Wild Places 
 Save the Earth 
 Endangered Species 
 Extinction Crisis 
 Preserve & Protect 
 
 
 Companion Animals 
 
 Adopt A Companion Animal 
 Cats 
 Dogs 
 Exotic Animals 
 
 
 Farm Animals 
 
 Cattle 
 Pigs 
 Chickens 
 Turkeys 
 Mules 
 Horses 
 Donkeys 
 Sheep & Goats 
 Ducks & Geese 
 
 
 How To Help 
 
 DONATE 
 Join WAF 
 Volunteer 
 Ethical Choices 
 Compassionate Living 
 Go Vegan 
 Get Active 
 
 
 News 
 
 Wild Animals 
 Wild Earth 
 Companion Animals 
 Farm Animals 
 How To Help 
 Kids 
 
 
 A-Z 
 
 Get A Job Helping Animals 
 Have you ever wondered about a career working with animals? 
 From being a veterinarian or wildlife specialist to working in television and creating programs about animals, there are numerous ways you can make a difference for animals in your lifetime. 
 People who work with animals can have a variety of backgrounds. Usually, one requirement is a great love of animals and a concern for their well being. People who are interested in a career working with animals might take classes in biology, zoology, animal behavior, and animal health sciences in college. Certain careers, such as those working in veterinary fields, require an extensive medical education. 
 Choosing a career is one of the most important decisions a person can make. Your career should make you happy and reflect what you want to give back to the world. People who care for animals can choose from several different career paths. 
 
 Animal Behaviorists 
 Animal behaviorists learn and observe how animals relate to each other and to people. While an animal behaviorist may work in a variety of animal-related settings, like a zoo or an aquarium, some animal behaviorists work at animal shelters or assist companion animal guardians with animal behavior problems. In this role, the animal behaviorist helps the companion animal by helping the human companion better understand why animals do the things they do. Why does a dog jump on people? Why is the cat not using the litter box? And what can be done to change this behavior. Animal behaviorists may also help shelters identify good-natured animals that should be placed for adoption and work with other animals that might need a little more training before being placed in a good home. This job requires an extensive education in animal behavior. 
 Animal Care Attendants 
 Animal care attendants provide the actual day-to-day care for the shelter animals. They clean kennels, provide food and water to the animals, and may administer medications. It’s a very hands-on job that puts you in direct contact with animals everyday. Some shelters look for volunteers to assist with these duties. It’s a great way to get started working for shelters. 
 Animal Control Agency Directors 
 An animal control agency director runs a shelter that is funded by the city. They help animals too, providing many of the same services as a humane society. The biggest difference is that animal control agencies are concerned with public safety. They protect people from health risks and the dangers that stray and lose animals can cause to people in the community. They often represent the agency at public functions and manage the overall daily operations of the facility. 
 
 Animal Shelter Veterinarians 
 An animal shelter veterinarian treats sick or injured animals or provides well-care exams for the animals at the shelter. They are responsible for the individual care of all the shelter animals as well as the health and well-being of the entire shelter population. Shelter veterinarians make sure that the animals coming into the shelter don’t spread diseases to other animals in the shelter. They often spay and neuter adopted companion animals to insure they won’t contribute to the companion animal population problem. The job requires an extensive education, including veterinary school. 
 Adoption Counselors 
 Adoption counselors help people find the right companion animal for their family’s lifestyle. They have to learn about the potential adopter’s needs as well as the various personalities of all the animals available for adoption. Making the right match helps ensure that an animal has found a permanent home and won’t be returned to the animal shelter. This job is good for someone who likes to work with both people and animals. 
 Cruelty Investigators 
 Cruelty investigators respond to complaints about people who may be hurting or neglecting their animals. They may work with an animal shelter, animal control facility, or police department handling animal cruelty investigations. Investigators can usually enforce cruelty laws by making arrests or giving citations if only a minor law is broken. Cruelty investigators are like animal detectives. They have to help law enforcement officials and prosecutors collect evidence to prepare an animal cruelty case for trial. This job usually requires training in law enforcement and investigation techniques. 
 
 Fundraising Specialists 
 Fundraising specialists help organize special events to raise money for animal shelters and organizations. Animal organizations can’t operate or care for the animals without money to support their programs and services. Animal control agencies usually receive money from the city budget, while humane societies survive on contributions from the community. Fundraising specialists are important to keep the work of the agency going. This job is great for a person who likes to organize events and enjoys working with people. 
 Humane Educators 
 Humane educators present programs to youth and adults on various humane topics, including companion animal responsibility, bite prevention, and kindness to animals. Their role is to educate the public and affect the community’s view and behavior towards animals. These presentations are often given in schools, at business club meetings, or at the shelter. Teachers or people who have worked in classrooms and are comfortable speaking before groups often fill these jobs. 
 Humane Officers 
 Humane officers (also known as animal care and control officers) respond to calls about animals that are sick, injured, or neglected. Humane officers must have a good understanding of animal control laws and anti-cruelty laws, since they help educate the public on the responsible care of animals. This job requires some lifting, as humane officers frequently have to transport large or injured animals to the shelter. 
 Humane Society Directors 
 A humane society director runs an animal shelter where the ultimate goal is to insure the humane care and treatment of the animals. The director supervises staff and ensures that the shelter’s programs and services are helping homeless animals. They also have to find individuals and donors to donate to the agency, since humane societies are funded entirely by private donations. This job usually requires a lot of people skills, as the director usually works more with people in the community than the animals in the shelter. 
 
 Public Relations Specialists 
 Public relations specialists work with the media to inform the community about the work of animal organizations as well as important issues related to the humane care and treatment of animals. They usually write press releases, newsletters, and other promotional materials to help get the word out on the agency. This is a great job for people who love to write, give media interviews, and speak to the public. 
 Shelter Managers 
 Shelter managers generally oversee all the activities associated with the daily care and maintenance of the animal shelter and shelter staff. They might handle receiving animals, making sure they are given health checks and vaccinations. Or they may work with the human clients that come into the shelter to adopt or surrender an animal. This job requires supervisory skills and an interest in working with both people and animals. 
 Veterinary Technicians 
 Some veterinary technicians work at animal shelters, but most work at veterinary hospitals. Their job involves direct contact with both animals and people. Mostly, they assist veterinarians in caring for injured or sick animals or providing healthy animals with well-check ups. They may handle doing lab tests or preparing the operating room for surgery. This job does not require the special education needed to become a veterinarian, but special classes or specific experience with animals can make you more qualified to handle these responsibilities. 
 Volunteer Coordinators 
 A volunteer coordinators job is to find volunteers that want to donate time to help animal organizations. Volunteer coordinators oversee the scheduling and daily activities of these volunteers for the organization’s special events or daily operations. Often volunteers can only come for a few hours a week or month, so the coordinator has to find lots of volunteers to help cover all the available time slots. Some animal organizations have hundreds of volunteers; some have only a handful of volunteers. But most all animal organizations depend heavily on volunteers. 
 Volunteers 
 One final note: If you are interested in working with animals, you can begin before you are out of school by volunteering at a local humane society. Your volunteer work will give you exposure to many different species of animals while performing a great community service at the same time. Also read books on animal careers to see how your interests and concern for animals might become a lifelong career. 
 NEXT: More Ways To Help 
  Kids CAN HELP ANIMALS  
 
 Amazing Animals 
 
 Companion Animals 
 
 Endangered Species 
 
 Fish 
 
 Birds 
 
 Farm Animals 
 
 Zoos 
 
 Circuses 
 
 Animal Testing 
 
 Help At Home 
 
 Help At School 
 
 Get A Job 
 
 More Ways To Help 
 0 
 
 Home   |   Adopt An Animal   |   Wild Animals   |   Wild Earth   |   Companion Animals   |   Farm Animals   |   How To Help   |   News   |   A-Z 
 ** 
** 
 World Animal Foundation 
 PO Box 136,  VERMILION , OHIO 44089 
 © All Rights Reserved 
 Created by  all in one websites 
 PRIVACY POLICY   |   DISCLAIMER   |   COPYRIGHT   |   FAIR USE NOTICE   |   GUARANTEE POLICY   |   RETURN POLICY 
  . 
