Paul Ramirez - PRACTICAL ANSWERS 
 Strategies for Health and Wealth-Building Success 
 Menu Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Contact 
 Copywriting 
 
 April 7, 2018March 19, 2019   Paul Ramirez 
 How Will This 'Disruption' Affect Your Career? 
 I don't know what industry or occupation you work in today, or what industry or occupation you see yourself working in 12-15 years from now… I just hope it's not driving a taxi or an over-the-road tractor trailer! 
 Because if your job has anything to do with the  internal combustion engine  (ICE) vehicle or working in some capacity in the energy sector -- oil, gas and electric industries -- well, let's just say things may become quite  different  for you in coming decades. 
 Why do I say that? 
 For one thing, it's because of what I already know from the technological developments that have already hit us with near blinding speed, like a freight train… a coal-burning, steam-powered freight train. 
 Also, it's because of the video that I'm about to share with you. 
 Now, on any given day, my work finds me either at my computer in my office typing on my keyboard or on the road (in town) driving from client to client for my business. So I don't see my day-to-day activities being fundamentally changed by the "disruptions" that are coming. Then again I could be wrong about that. Thirty years ago I didn't even own a computer. 
 But according to this video, changes are coming that will indeed be disruptive. But they will be positive changes. Nothing to fear or loathe. Lots to like and lots to look forward to. A  rising tide  is coming that will  lift all boats . They will, of course, be self-driving boats: solar-charged, battery-powered boats. But, hey, I'm already giving away too much of the story here (spoiler alert)! 
 So let me have this gentleman from Stanford University take it from here and explain it to you. He'll give you the full story -- past, present and, especially,  future  … 
 Warning: this presentation may shock you. That's okay. It's worth the hour-long  disruption  of your time to watch it from start to finish… 
 Moore's Law. That's the law that gave us the digital revolution and the Information Age. It's the law that keeps on giving. It has given us AI, robots and smart phones. Other laws of physics, mathematics, etc., will be similarly generous. They will all converge (as they have been) and supercharge (turbocharge?) and give us the next phase of this revolution. History repeats itself. Sort of like laser pulses on a lidar. 
 The question is, will you be ready for it? 
 Share this: 
 
 Email 
 Print 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 Pinterest 
 More 
 
 
 
 Reddit 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 
 Energy Disruption 
 
 Published by Paul Ramirez 
 Writer, businessman, husband, father, grandfather--promoting and practicing biblical free-market principles for achieving—and help others to achieve—success.   View all posts by Paul Ramirez  
 Post navigation 
 Previous Money Management Tip: a Free Website on How to Get Out of Debt 
 Next Why Keeping Government on a Short Leash is Crucial to Long-Term (Societal) Success 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Search This Site 
 Search for: 
 Subscribe to this site for FREE via e-mail 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this site and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 21 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Subscribe 
 Follow Paul Ramirez - PRACTICAL ANSWERS on WordPress.com 
 Departments 
 Departments Select Category Advertising  (3) Bob Bly  (1) Business  (5) Business-to-Business  (2) Business-to-Consumer  (1) Claude Hopkins  (1) College  (1) Communication  (3) Copywriting  (11) Debt Recovery  (1) Digital Tech  (1) Drayton Bird  (2) E-mail  (1) Economics  (1) Education  (1) Education Alternatives  (1) Energy Disruption  (1) Financial Success  (2) Gary North  (3) General  (8) Gordon Graham  (1) Health  (1) Health & Fitness  (1) Homeschooling  (1) Internet  (2) Jane Austen  (1) John Caples  (1) Knowledge and Information  (2) Marketing  (14) Natural Health  (1) Natural Medicine  (1) Political Reform  (2) Psychology  (1) Rosser Reeves  (1) Sales  (3) Social Media  (3) Steve Slaunwhite  (1) Technology  (1) Uncategorized  (7) Web Commerce  (2) White Papers  (1) Writing  (2) YouTube  (1) Zig Ziglar  (1) 
 Recent Articles 
 
 Confrontational Politics? 
 Gary North's Business I Course: Essay #1 
 Molecular Biologist Dr. Judy Mikovits on the Science That Explains COVID-19 
 Bill Myers Retiring? 
 Dead Doctors Don't Lie 
 Capitalist Internet: Happy 25th Birthday! 
 Gary North and Ron Paul Talk About the Current Homeschooling 'Revolution' 
 Why Keeping Government on a Short Leash is Crucial to Long-Term (Societal) Success 
 How Will This 'Disruption' Affect Your Career? 
 Money Management Tip: a Free Website on How to Get Out of Debt 
 
 Notice Re: Affiliate Links 
 Just to let you know, there may be some  affiliate links   lurking around these pages. I have placed them wherever they seem relevant and helpful to our discussion, and they pertain to products or services which I either use or wholeheartedly support. So, please be aware that if you happen to click on one of them. and you make a purchase of some kind, a referral commission may redound to my benefit. (That isn't such a bad thing, is it?) So, carry on… 
 Copyright © 2010-2021, Paul J. Ramirez. All rights reserved. 
  Create a website or blog at WordPress.com  
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
