
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to primary sidebar 
 Skip to footer 
 
 These 10 Industries Hire The Most Remote Workers.  FREE Guide. Close Top Banner 
 Additional menu 
 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Work From Home Happiness 
 Actionable Advice from Ashlee Anderson 
 
 Career Coaching 
 
 30-Minute Career Q & A 
 60-Minute Career Clarity & Direction 
 Resume Writing 
 The Effortless Remote Job Search 
 
 
 Career Paths
 
 Bookkeeper 
 Content Marketer 
 Medical Billing & Coding 
 Medical Transcription & Editing 
 Proofreader 
 Transcription 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Writer 
 
 
 Resources 
 Now Hiring 
 Blog 
 About 
 
 Newsletter Sign Up 
 Get In Touch 
 Disclosure Statement 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Start Here. 
 
 Rookie Mistakes I Made In My Remote Job Search (And How You Can Easily Avoid Them) 
 July 19, 2017 by  Ashlee Anderson   4 Comments 
 __Tweet 24 
 __Pin 185 
  __Share 114 
  __Share 7 
 330 Shares 
 I'm well into my sixth year of working remotely. And, I wouldn't change it for the world. No commute. More time at home. And money saved. What's not to love? 
 But I wasn't always a happy home-based worker. For years, I stumbled up (and down) the corporate ladder. I dreaded the workweek. Basically, I lived for the weekends. 
 Generally speaking, I was miserable in my career and felt stuck. To break free of my cubicle in search of work from home happiness, I started researching and applying to remote jobs. 
 In three months' time, I must've applied to dozens of telecommute job openings. And guess how many job offers I received? 
 Zero. 
 That's right. Zilch. Nada. Nothing. I was discouraged, but not defeated. 
 You may be feeling the same way. And I know where you're coming from. Making the decision to work from home is the easy part. Actually finding a job is where things get tricky. 
 So, today, I wanted to share my job search mistakes with you, and what I did to fix them. Hopefully, these 'fixes' will help you too in your quest to kick your cubicle to the curb 🙂 
 Mistake 1: Applied To The Wrong Positions 
 Because I hated my corporate job so much, I made it my mission to leave my 9 to 5 under any circumstances. So, I would make it a habit to hop online, search for remote jobs, and apply to just about every opening I came across. I figured the more jobs I applied for, the better my chances of getting hired, right? Wrong! 
 Fix 1: Figured Out Which Type of Employment I Was After 
 One day, when I was applying to a remote sales job that I was both uninterested in and unqualified for, it hit me: Not all work-from-home jobs are created equal. And I wouldn't be happy working a sales job or many other types of remote positions I was applying to. 
 In fact, after years of a set 40-hour workweek, I wanted something more flexible. And having been micromanaged day in and day out, I was looking to be my own boss. 
 After a little research, I soon discovered that freelancing was for me. Once I knew which kind of work made sense for me (and which didn't), my job search was a lot more focused and productive. 
 What You Can Do: 
 Hit the pause button. Figure out which type of work you're looking for. Read  this article  to help you figure out if you're a freelancer or employee. Trust me, it'll go a long way in helping you have a more productive job search. And when you're more productive, you'll find it's easier to hone in on the right jobs for you, saving you time, energy, and effort. 
 Mistake 2: Didn't Optimize My Resume 
 Now that my job search was hyper-focused, I was applying only to openings that worked for me and my goals. On weekends, I'd sit down,  locate job leads  and one by one upload my resume and cover letter. I was so efficient, I was able to get an application done in just a matter of minutes. Surely, this would lead to more callbacks, right? Wrong, again. 
 Fix 2: Added Keywords to My Resume 
 Using the same resume for each and every job I applied to was ineffective. Today, most companies use Applicant Tracking Software (ATS) to quickly go through resumes and discard those that aren't a good fit for the job. To do this, ATS scans resumes in search of keywords. Most of the time, the keywords the ATS is seeking come directly from the job ad. So, in order to get past the ATS and in front of recruiters' eyes, you have to include the right keywords in your resume. 
 What You Can Do: 
 Custom tailor your resume to each and every remote job you apply to. Always make sure to keywords optimize your resume. Use  this guide  for a little insight into how to pull keywords out of job ads and place them strategically into your resume. 
 Mistake 3: Weak Online Presence 
 I was making progress in my job search, only applying to positions that worked for me and optimizing my resume for each application. The results were noticeable -- I was starting to get some interest from potential clients. But, as a freelancer looking for gigs as a writer and hoping to forge lasting relationships with clients that lead to steady work and referrals, I was having a hard time making a good impression because I was new to the freelance world. 
 Fix 3: Strengthened My Social Media Presence 
 That's when I got social. I started networking on LinkedIn. I connected with other freelance writers on Twitter. I joined Facebook groups that were filled with other creatives who were pursuing the flexible freelance lifestyle. I guest blogged on websites to get my name out there. I even created a personal website showing my work, resume, and contact information. 
 Now, I was not just another freelancer, I was a person with a strong online presence that potential clients could check out before they hired me. This made me feel 'familiar' to them, even though we never met before. And people love working with people they feel like they already know 🙂 
 What You Can Do: 
 Optimize your LinkedIn profile . Set up  your own personal website  so employers can easily find you online. And start networking on your favorite social sites with your fellow out-of-the-cubicle thinkers. This can go a long way in establishing an online footprint that impresses employers and clients, which can lead to many more interviews and offers! 
 Don't Make My Remote Job Search Mistakes! 
 Remember, an online job search is a totally different beast than an in-office one -- and no two remote jobs are created equal. Figuring out if you're a flexible freelancer or a structured employee can go a long way in streamlining your job search. And because the entire hiring process (and job) is done virtually, you'll need to set yourself apart from the sea of applicants. 
 Your online presence and what Google says about you can make or break your chances of getting a job offer. So, stack the deck in your favor by creating social profiles that are found in searches and  your own professional website  that knocks the socks off of recruiters. Before you know it, you'll be a well-optimized candidate that makes a great (virtual) impression. 
 The Ultimate Guide To Finding A Full-Time Remote Job With Benefits 
 In the market for a full-time remote job with employee benefits? You can find one! Grab my ebook,  The Ultimate Guide To Finding A Full-Time Remote Job With Benefits  over at Gumroad to learn how. 
 __Tweet 24 
 __Pin 185 
  __Share 114 
  __Share 7 
 330 Shares 
 Filed Under:  Online Job Search  Tagged With:  online job search tips ,  remote job search tips 
 About Ashlee Anderson 
 Ashlee Anderson is a Certified Professional Career Coach (CPCC) specializing in remote work. She's on a mission to help job seekers ditch their daily commute in favor of telecommuting. 
 Reader Interactions 
 Comments 
 
 Adrienne  says 
 
 July 24, 2017 at 4:53 pm 
 Love these tips, thank you! 
 
 Cori Ramos  says 
 
 July 24, 2017 at 8:16 pm 
 Hi Ashlee, 
 Thanks for sharing your experiences with us and alternative to avoid making the same mistakes. 
 The good thing about making mistakes is that we can turn it into a learning experience and share it with others. 
 I made some mistakes too when I started working from home. My worst one was not having a plan. And not knowing what you want to do along with a sense of urgency to make money can lead anyone to make rash decisions and end up getting scammed like I did. 🙁 
 Great post Ashlee! You know I'm passing this along! 
 Have a great week! 
 Cori 
 
 Kamira G.  says 
 
 February 9, 2018 at 12:56 pm 
 Good tips I know I can use. Thanks! 
 Trackbacks 
 
 Rookie Mistakes I Made In My Remote Job Search (And How You Can Easily Avoid Them) | Make Money To Pay Debts  says: 
 
 July 19, 2017 at 10:18 pm 
 […] post Rookie Mistakes I Made In My Remote Job Search (And How You Can Easily Avoid Them) appeared first on Work From Home […] 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. 
 Comment 
 Name 
 Email 
 Website 
 Primary Sidebar 
 Hi. I'm Ashlee. 
 Ashlee Anderson is a Certified Professional Career Coach (CPCC) specializing in remote work. She's on a mission to help job seekers ditch their daily commute in favor of telecommuting.  Read More… 
 
 
 
 
 Work with Me 
 
 Browse Around 
 Search this website 
 Footer 
 Search this website 
 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 (C) 2021 *  Work From Home Happiness  *  Privacy Policy 
