  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Cheshire, England 
 Rate:  £11.00 - £13.00 per hour + uplifts for nights and weekends 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 Mental Healthcare Assistant 
 We are looking for an experienced Mental Healthcare Assistant in Wirral 
 We have weekday, nights and weekend shifts available immediately, the position is Band 2 with and would be an excellent opportunity for Healthcare Assistants looking for work looking for flexible part-time/full-time employment. 
 The hourly rates of pay are up to £13.00 per hour (Limited Company) with uplifted rates of pay for nights, weekends and bank holidays. 
 The role offers one-to-one engagement with patients and help contribute to their on-going treatment and recovery within an NHS ward setting. 
 It is essential that the candidate has a minimum of 6 months paid experience in the care or Mental Health field. 
 The successful candidate will be PMVA (or equivalent) trained. 
 NVQ Level 2 or 3 in Health and Social Care would be a benefit, as well as significant experience in performing observations, with the ability to spot deterioration. 
 £150 referral bonus if you refer a friend. 
 As stated above we also have regular nursing shifts available, unrelated to the above, please do not hesitate to get in touch if this would be of interest to you. 
 We have shifts available immediately, for more information please send me a CV and contact me on stephanie.goupil@servicecare.org.uk 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  3 Months + 
 
 
 Rate:  £11.00 - £13.00 per hour + uplifts for nights and weekends 
 
 
 Location:  Cheshire, England 
 
 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 
 Industry:  Medical 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208963 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-03 13:21:24 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Police Staff Investigator (PIP Level 2) 
 Community Support Worker 
 Mental Health Nurse RMN 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Electrical Surveyor 
 Building Surveyor 
 Fire Risk Assessor 
 Fire Protection Officer 
 NHS Recruitment Admnistrator 
 Administrator 
 Support Worker - Vulnerable Adults 
 Social worker 
 Personal Advisor 
 Adoption Lead 
 Social worker 
 Bricklayer 
 Carpenter 
 Community Recovery Worker 
 Drug and Alcohol Worker  
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
