Skip to content 
   
 Main Menu 
 
 
 International Schools 
 
 
 Boarding Schools 
 
 
 Guides & Tips 
 
 
 News 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 Free Consultation Free Consultation 
 
 
 __  School News ,  School News Middle East 
 
 
 Preparing young scientists for STEM careers 
 
  World Schools   
  May 6, 2019   
 
 __ Share on facebook 
 __ Share on google 
 __ Share on twitter 
 __ Share on linkedin 
 In the late 1960s, an intriguing social science experiment was initiated. It asked young children to ‘  Draw-a-Scientist  ’ and was designed to better understand children’s perceptions of scientists. 
Most commonly, the sketches children drew included safety goggles, the ubiquitous white lab coat, a plethora of common lab equipment and a man. Five decades on and with data collected from 78 studies (using more than 20,000 children’s drawings) we can see that young people’s ideas about scientists have changed, but there still remains a chasm in their understanding of the work that real scientists do. 
Research carried out by King’s College London found that children’s feelings about science and any career aspirations in STEM are formed before the age of 14. 
 At King’s College Doha, we endeavour to nurture in your child a desire to pursue a STEM career by getting them enthused by STEM at a young age. 
Pupils are frequently set STEM challenges, which require them to work as a team to solve real-world problems. Year 6 recently considered the critical concerns facing Bangladeshi farmers. Due to the deleterious impacts of climate change, these farmers face frequent flooding to their low-lying delta farmlands. Pupils were able to design (to varying degrees of success) models of floating gardens, which, through their utilisation of hydroponics, are providing a lifeline to these farmers, their families and communities. 
 We hope that when your child next draws a scientist, they draw themselves! As storm trackers, app developers, astronauts, entrepreneurs or climate change scientists. The future is theirs. 
 Zahra Thandi  - Head of Science at King’s College Doha Prep-School 
 Read next 
 
 Boarding Schools 
 Best Boarding Schools in Denmark 
 
 School News 
 ISD Students Organise Virtual Christmas Market 
 
 Guides & Tips 
 The Importance of Stories 
 
 Boarding Schools 
 Benefits of All-Girls Boarding Schools 
 
 International Schools 
 The Best Private Schools in Bangkok 
 
 Boarding Schools 
 Best Boarding Schools in the UK 
 
 Boarding Schools 
 The Best Boarding Schools in Switzerland 
 
 Boarding Schools 
 The Best Boarding Schools in Austria 
 
 Boarding Schools 
 The Best Boarding Schools in Africa 
 
 Boarding Schools 
 The Best Boarding Schools in Asia 
 
 Boarding Schools 
 The Best Boarding Schools in France 
 
 Boarding Schools 
 The Best Boarding Schools in Singapore 
 World Schools 
 1095 Lutry, Switzerland 
 +41792180222 
 info@world-schools.com 
 The Company 
 
 About Us 
 Get in Touch 
 Advertise & Partner 
 World Camps 
 
 For Parents 
 
 Best International Schools 
 Best Boarding Schools 
 Free Consultancy 
 
 Legal 
 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 © 2021 World Schools. All rights reserved 
 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 
