Skip to content 
 
  Tier One Consulting  
 Recent News and Events 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Contact 
 
 Advice ,  Leadership 
 How to Land the Job of Your Dreams 
 Posted by  tieronecnsltng  on  November 7, 2019 
 Did you know that it is officially interviewing season? Our Recruiters here at  Tier One Consulting  are spending their days reading resumes and contacting candidates left and right. We are excited to speak with the best that Phoenix has to offer. Our concern is that many of our prospective candidates are new to the job hunt, and may not know how to land an interview, or more importantly, how to conduct themselves once they are face to face with a company’s recruiting team. Lucky for you soon-to-be interview candidates, we decided to share ten tips that we believe will help you land your dream job. These range from what industries to research, what to wear, and the best way to wrap up the meeting! 
 Stay open-minded 
 We understand that most people like to stay within their comfort zones when it comes to their careers. However, we challenge you to break free and venture into a new career opportunity. You never know how far you can go if you never take a chance! 
 Network with people from different industries 
 As a follow up to our first tip, we suggest that you network with individuals from many different industries. This will give you an idea of what career fields interest you. Don’t be afraid to look into job positions that don’t necessarily match up with your degree. You have a variety of skills, so don’t typecast yourself! 
 Identify your skills 
 You have a set of skills. Showcase them! Identify what you are good at and be sure to highlight them while you are networking, writing your resume, and conducting interviews. Let others know what you can bring to the table. 
 Make your resume stand out 
 We know how tempting it can be to go all out with your resume. But, we want to remind you that your resume will be one of thousands. Keep it short, to the point, and professional. Allow your accomplishments and skillsets to take center stage. This will push your resume to the top of the pile! 
 Differentiate your cover letter 
 Let’s make this very clear. Your cover letter should NOT be a replica of your resume. This letter is your opportunity to let a specific company know why you are interested in their open job opportunities. Use this space to share your interest, not to reiterate what they will be reading next. 
 Research 
 Every company that you interview with wants to feel as if they are your number one priority. So, make sure you do your research! Visit the company website, memorize their motto, and understand their values. Trust us, your interviewer will LOVE knowing that you took the time to understand more than just the job. They want to know that you are invested in their business! 
 Practice common interview questions 
 Practice, practice, practice! It does not matter how many interviews you have been on in the past. When you are excited about an opportunity, the nerves can set in. Stand in front of a mirror and practice answering common interview questions. This way you are prepared for anything the interviewer may throw at you. At the end of the day, confidence is key! 
 Dress for success 
 Dress for the job you want, not the job you have! Make sure your suit or dress is clean, pressed, and presentable. Your interviewer will make up their mind about how well you will fit in with the company culture within the first five minutes of meeting you. Don’t let a wrinkled suit stop you from landing your dream job! 
 Always ask questions 
 This is one of our more important tips. Don’t be afraid to ask questions! Not only does this guarantee that you will walk away from the interview knowledgeable, but it shows the interviewer that you are intrigued. They need to know that you are interested and that you are capable of being direct. 
 Send a thank-you note 
 Lastly, send a hand-written thank-you note. It seems that everything is done electronically now, but nothing beats opening your mailbox to a hand-written note! This simple gesture could be the exact thing that you need to come out on top! 
 Remember, landing your dream job is a competition. In order to win, you have to be willing to do the research, put in the practice hours, and show up. From our team here at  Tier One Consulting , GOOD LUCK! 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 #tieroneconsulting business entrepreneurship hustle interview Leadership opportunity phoenix sales success 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Post From Hong Kong to Phoenix: Meet Jessie Cheung 
 Next Post Business, Leadership, and Recruiting 101 with Amira George 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 Facebook  
 LinkedIn  
 Twitter  
 Instagram  
 YouTube  
 Google+  
 Pinterest  
 Manta  
 WordPress  
 Tumblr  
 Flickr  
 Vimeo  
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
