  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  London, England 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Resettlement Officer 
 Resettlement Officer - covering London, Midlands Kent & Sussex (Working from home) 
 12 Week temp Contract 
 Job Description 
 We're looking for a Resettlement Officer, to provide an efficient tenant liaison and support service for customers affected by the resettlement process. 
You'll be responsible for informing, consulting and engaging local residents, you will ensure the resettlement process is as effective as it can possibly be and that it meets the correct standard with regard to Housing Management good practice and policies. 
As Resettlement Officer you will monitor and report on performance of each resettled tenant, finding solutions to address identified problems and be the first point of contact for tenants on resettlement matters. 
 You will be able to demonstrate some, if not all of the following; 
, Proven experience working within a social housing environment, in re-housing tenants 
, Experience of working in partnership to generate joined up solutions to problems 
, Ability to communicate effectively and concisely, displaying good interpersonal skills .in multiple modes (phone, emails and in writing) using customer friendly language. 
, Customer-focused 
 Role Details 
To be the first point of contact for tenants on resettlement matters. 
Responsible for informing, consulting and engaging with residents through verbal and written communication 
To maintain administration systems and accurate records, and prepare regular returns and reports as required. 
To investigate and pursue tenant enquiries on a variety of issues to resolve problems escalating as necessary to the relevant manager 
To maintain register of tenancies and properties being prepared for resettlement purposes. 
To ensure tenant complaints, no access issues and refusals are dealt with in line with procedures. 
To ensure tenants proposed for resettlement are given the opportunity to provide input into and view properties offered, and to undertake activities to encourage the decision to accept the arrangement. 
Ensure good standards of case management are maintained on the system recording all notes/actions clearly, accurately and appropriately. 
Liaise as necessary with other departments such as Property Services and Housing Management to ensure the best interests of the business and the tenant are served. 
 If you are interested in this post then please forward your CV to adam.benouaich@servicecare.org.uk or call Adam on 01772 208966. 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Location:  London, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Property 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 555530 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2021-01-08 13:39:38 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Reablement Support Worker 
 Electrical Inspector 
 Electrical Technical Officer 
 Technical Officer 
 Food Safety Manager 
 Environmental Health Manager 
 Forensic Mental Health Support Worker 
 Forensic Mental Health Support Worker 
 Mental Healthcare Assistant  
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Customer Resolutions Officer 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 Independent Living Support Worker 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
