Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Manager Caribou Mountain Retail Centre 
 Little Red River Group of Companies 
 __High Level, AB 
 Apply Now 
 The Little Red River Group of Companies based in High Level, Alberta, operates businesses in civil, marine and home construction, forestry, firefighting, equipment rentals, propane distribution and retail. 
 Our expanding operations require the services of a highly motivated, responsible, and dedicated individual for the position of Manager for our new Caribou Mountain Travel Centre. The Travel Centre is located 40 KM from High Level and includes a Petro Can gas station, Country Style Donuts and a fast food burger/chicken establishment. This person is responsible for the safe and profitable operations of the business. 
 The position reports to the Chief Executive Officer of the Corporate Group. 
 DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES 
 · Hiring, training, motivating and monitoring staff 
 · Daily sales/cash reports and deposits 
 · Financial planning and management; monitoring and controlling costs to maintain 
 profit margin targets 
 · Daily bookkeeping and cash reconciliations 
 · Product ordering, pricing, stocking 
 · Local advertising, customer service management and promotion 
 · Daily tank dips and console reconciliations 
 · Individual shift sales to cash reconciliations 
 · Inventory counts at each shift start and end 
 · Performs other duties as required 
 EMPLOYMENT REQUIREMENTS 
 · 5 years minimum retail management experience 
 · 3+ years staff supervisory experience 
 · Retail fuel and fast food management experience an asset 
 · Retail business start up experience an asset 
 · Experience in handling and managing cash 
 · Proven customer relationship management experience 
 · Good communication skills 
 · Knowledge of computing software (Microsoft, Sage, Email and internet usage) 
 · Clean criminal record; must be bondable 
 · Driver’s License and clean drivers abstract 
 · Additional franchise training will be provided 
 Compensation: 
 A competitive base salary, incentive pay and comprehensive paid benefits package including medical, dental, pension and life insurance will be offered. Relocation expenses negotiable. 
 Email Applications only to: 
 Tina Arcand 
 Executive Support Officer 
 Little Red River Group of Companies 
 Although we recognize diversity in our workforce & encourage all qualified candidates to apply, we will only accept applications from Canadian citizens or those having landed immigrant status. 
 Thank you for applying however only those selected for an interview will be contacted 
 Application deadline: 2020-12-11 
 Expected start date: 2021-04-05 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Salary: $75,000.00-$100,000.00 per year 
 COVID-19 considerations: 
Company COVID protocols are in place. 
 Experience: 
 
 retail management: 5 years (Required) 
 supervisory: 3 years (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
