      Ronmamita's Blog  Creatively Express Freedom 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Emergencies! 
 
 FOOD and DRUGS FDA Racket 
 
 Message To Investors 
 
 
 
 
 Global War or Martial Law or Both (don't fall for it) 
 
 Re-Examining Corporate-Governments 
 
 ABOLISH The Dark Cabals 
 
 
 
 
 THE ONE PEOPLE’S PUBLIC TRUST 
 
 1215.org 
 2013 Events… 
 Being and Doing 
 LibrePlanet 
 Read www.apfn.org Documents 
 
 
 Video Room 
 
 Alternative News 
 DOCUMENTS 
 
 Lawful and Legal: not always the same… 
 
 
 NEW-SCIENCE 
 
 Great Mother! (EARTH) 
 
 
 Gameplay: ME1 
 
 
 WOAS 
 
 Institutional Reports 
 
 GLOBAL FINANCIAL KINGDOM 
 
 
 
 
 F.U.Q. 
 Short Stories 
 Consciousness Shift Archives 
 
 NOT A Globe 
 Level-Plane Lab Work 
 
 
 Earth Realm Documentation 
 
 Artifacts Reveal The True Ancient Past 
 
 
 ベイビーステップBaby Steps 
 
 Keiryo Tourney Arc 
 
 
 Baby Steps Archive 
 
 Home  ›  Freedom-Expressed  › Propaganda bathed with Pretty Words: Jobs, Sustainable, Equitable, and EcoCity 
 Propaganda bathed with Pretty Words: Jobs, Sustainable, Equitable, and EcoCity 
 Posted on  August 26, 2014  by  RonMamita  --  2 Comments 
 
 Dave Hodges  shares the horrific Agenda 21 global implementation in progress. 
Below are excerpts for discussion, please visit the  full report . ~Ron 
. 
 Agenda 21, the United Nations and You 
 The United Nations  Agenda 21 policies  are in the early stages of nudging the planet into a “more equitable and just new world order”. * 
 
 consider that the United States has a 17 trillion dollar deficit, an estimated 240 trillion dollar unfunded set of liabilities (e.g.Medicare, Social Security) 
 and the estimated derivatives debt, that the American taxpayer was forced to assume in the “bailouts”, is estimated to be between one quadrillion to 1.5 quadrillion dollars. 
 
 The  Ecocity Builders  is a non-profit non-governmental organization, affiliated with the United Nations, which is a collaboration of international networks of associates that influence and actively participate in local city planning projects all across the US. Through training courses they promote the ecocity approach as the future of human civilization. 
 
 Through coercive conferences like the  International Ecocity Conference  series is an international movement toward building locally and globally. The ecocity advocates have created UN sustainable cities in India, Nepal, Bangladesh, Brazil, South Africa, Turkey, a dozen countries in Europe, Korea, Australia and the focus of this article, in China. 
 An ecocity is often characterized in terms with Agenda 21 precepts including: 
 
 
 
 Human settlements modeled after sustainable development that functions with natural ecosystems and living organisms 
 
 
 Reduce the inhabitants ecological impact on the environment 
 
 
 Restoration of ecosystems after the  recolonization of humans into dense cities 
 
 
 Sustainable living under Agenda 21 supports regional, national and global economic systems 
 
 
 
 The recolonization of humans into dense cities is the focus for the remainder of this article. 
 Agenda 21 Comes to China In Stealth 
 Agenda 21 is being implemented in China at breakneck speed and the latest phase is coming in under stealth and deception. 
 The Chinese government is in the process of  relocating  250,000 people per week  from rural farmlands to densely populated urban areas into what has been dubbed as the Chinese ghost towns. Many of us have heard about these Chinese ghost cities. However, until this year we didn’t really know the true purpose of why these ghost cities were being built. However, the veil is being lifted and now it is becoming very obvious as to what the Chinese are up to. 
 
 VIDEO - 
 
 China Is Now an Urban Country 
 China’s urban population  has passed the 50% mark , according to China’s Bureau of Statistics. America reached this milestone in 1920, almost a full century before the Chinese and our urbanization was fueled by the demand for cheap labor to fill the new  factory jobs . The Communist Chinese regime touts urbanization as the engine behind China’s future  economic development . The Chinese propagandists are telling the masses that they must accept relocation from rural to urban because it will fuel the Chinese economy of the future. And what the Chinese propagandists are telling the people is a lie and as with many things in politics, there is the reason and there is the real reason. 
 Chinese Propaganda 
 Although the Chinese government and a select few globalist corporations claim that the Chinese urban population migration is fueled by the need for workers, other Chinese experts tell a different story. 
 In a Nov. 23, 2011 report, the Beijing Times, one of the most liberal of the Chinese newspapers, quoted the deputy inspector at China’s National Land Bureau, Gan Zangchun, said that the government land acquisition has  created  “fake urbanization.” In other words, the Chinese urbanization, based upon economic reasons, is a fraud. Then why is there such an urgency on the part of the Chinese government to move its population to urban areas at such a rapid pace and with such inhumanity? 
 The Real Reasons 
 For the past few years, people in the West were baffled as to why the Chinese were building massive ghost cities that can house over 1 million people each and yet, these ghost cities were dormant until just recently. The Chinese have over 65 million micro-apartments (i.e. apartments which are under 500 square feet) which lie vacant in these ghost cities. 
 The urbanization of America took place in proportion to the number of factory jobs which were available well into the industrial  period  of our history. The American factory jobs enticed future workers to leave the farm and relocate to cities. However, China is taking a “build it and they will come” approach. In other words, the more naive among us are supposed to believe that if the people move into the cities, factory jobs will follow. Stalin tried it as did Pol Pot, and it did not work and what we are really looking at here is a cover story. 
 More Chinese Experts Debunk the State Propaganda 
 Chinese political refugee and Princeton University professor,  Cheng Xiaonong , stated that in several Chinese locations,  farmers  are being forcibly relocated at gun point and forced to relocate to urban areas. Cheng said, “[Party chief] Bo Xilai has been promoting a policy of moving farmers into towns, building apartments and moving forcibly relocated farmers into these stack and pack apartments and treating this as urbanization.” Cheng said urbanization isn’t about calculating how many farmers are relocated into cities, but about farmers being able to move into the city and gaining some measure of sustainable employment and adequate living conditions. These relocated farmers, without the prospect of jobs, is a recipe for economic and social disaster. Soon, there will be tens of millions of Chinese totally dependent on government handouts to survive. This is the power that governments strive to obtain because it gives them total control. This Chinese scene is reminiscent of the Agenda 21 inspired movie,  Hunger Games . 
 Cheng makes the same observations as many other Chinese experts as he added that “urbanization is generally accompanied by economic growth as was the case in the US. In other countries, urbanization happens naturally, but in mainland China, urbanization is the result of the Chinese regime forcefully pushing farmers off of their land.” 
 Since the Chinese are not industrialized to the point which would justify the mass movement of 1 million people per month into its ghost towns, any reasonable person would be asking the question, why? 
 Who Is Behind Chinese Urbanization? 
 The Chinese government has held many conferences in which they have received consultation from some very disturbing sources, known to most of us as the global elite. 
 Who could forget  Hank Paulson , the former Secretary of the Treasury and the former CEO of Goldman Sachs? Paulson is championing the strategy of forced relocation. In relation to Paulson’s observation and encouragement of Chinese urbanization he states, “The country’s economy is heading in the right direction. This is more important than achieving short-term growth.” Paulson went on to say that the economic growth in China has made urbanization a necessary and proper development. Are you kidding me? We have heard from Chinese experts, both inside and outside the country, who claim that economics is not fueling urban growth. Chinese urban growth is being fueled by bayonets and bullets. Hank Paulson is such a gem. I’m sure you remember “Mr. too-big-to-fail”, Hank Paulson, when he told Congress that if we, the American taxpayer, did not bail out Wall Street, there would be an economic collapse and we would have martial law and the rest as they say, is history. Bailout after bailout has come and gone and the net effect is that the American economy is in a tailspin. One has to legitimately have to wonder why the Chinese are taking economic advice from him? That’s like taking advice from Dr. Kevorkian on how to preserve life. 
 Another key globalist,  Dominic Barton , the global managing director of McKinsey & CO., and he too sounds like a Paulson clone, as he recently stated, “The good news is that there is an underlying force of growth and that’s urbanization. What we’re basically seeing is more than 250,000 people moving from rural areas to cities every week.” **** 
 Maurice Strong and George Soros are also players in this mass migration movement. If job demand is not fueling urbanization, then what is? 
 Getting Down to the Truth 
 It would seem that key globalists are trying to disguise the real reasons on why the Chinese government is forcibly relocating one million farmers per month to their ghost cities. Ask yourself America, where have we seen the philosophical belief that rural areas should be uninhabited and the population should be herded into densely populated stack and pack cities? 
 Make no mistake about it, the Chinese with the backing of globalist corporations like Goldman Sachs, are engaged in full-blown Agenda 21 relocation of its civilian population from rural areas to the stack and pack of their mega-cities. From the outside looking in, it looks like a beta test. And there is sufficient evidence to suggest that the same is preparing to happen in the United States. 
 Read  full report 
 [With massive capital funding their infrastructure projects and secretive trade agreements we find hidden agendas once investigators and researchers focus on the money trail. ~Ron] 
 
 RELATED: 
 http://www.corbettreport.com/un-agenda-21-exposed-with-rosa-koire-video/ 
 http://www.corbettreport.com/agenda-21-in-canada-with-richard-heathen-video/ 
 http://www.corbettreport.com/corbett-report-radio-078-peak-water-and-agenda-21-with-dr-tim-ball/ 
 https://ronmamita.wordpress.com/2014/07/17/brics-summit-minutes-made-public/ 
 https://ronmamita.wordpress.com/2013/10/19/institutional-watch-financial-control-tug-o-war/ 
 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Print 
 Email 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Telegram 
 WhatsApp 
 Reddit 
 LinkedIn 
 Pocket 
 Pinterest 
 Tumblr 
 Skype 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 About  RonMamita 
 Want Worldwide PEACE and Prosperity. We are the solution we have been searching for... Free People on Earth will solve our crisis and create an era of Creativity. Be Aware; Be Creative; Be Active; Be Free; and then Share it. LOVE & Wholeness AMOR y Paz 
 ‹  Accelerating Global Crisis, Rising Taxes, Food Prices and Cost of Living 
 Babel: Control People With Word Spells  › 
 Tagged with:  agenda 21 ,  banking cartel ,  banking crisis ,  Bo Xilai ,  bond market ,  capital flow ,  cartel de la banca ,  cheap labor ,  Cheng Xiaonong ,  china ,  Chinese government ,  Chinese urbanization ,  city ,  commerce ,  concentration camp ,  Dave Hodges ,  Debt Crisis ,  distrust ,  distrust government ,  Dominic Barton ,  Ecocity ,  economic crisis ,  equitable ,  follow the money ,  forced migration ,  geopolitics ,  global agenda ,  global conspiracy ,  global elite ,  globalization ,  globalization policies ,  Goldman Sachs ,  government bonds ,  government debt ,  hank paulson ,  hidden agenda ,  human farm ,  human resource ,  infrastructure ,  investment ,  labor farm ,  lost trust ,  martial law ,  McKinsey & Co. ,  migration ,  monetary policy ,  money ,  money cartel ,  money masters ,  money trail ,  national debt ,  new world order ,  nwo ,  policy enforcer ,  policy implementation ,  public distrust ,  research ,  save the People of Earth ,  suffering ,  Sustainable ,  sword of truth ,  The Common Sense Show ,  The United Nations Agenda ,  trade agreement ,  truth seeker ,  UNITED NATIONS ,  united states ,  untrustworthy ,  urban ,  Urbanization 
Posted in  Freedom-Expressed 
 2 comments on "Propaganda bathed with Pretty Words: Jobs, Sustainable, Equitable, and EcoCity" 
 
 stuartbramhall  says: 
 
 August 26, 2014 at 7:57 pm 
 Fascinating. Interesting how the invisible hand of Goldman Sachs is driving Chinese economic and social policy. Somehow I don't think this is what Adam Smith meant when he supposedly coined the term "invisible hand." 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 * [RonMamita](https://ronmamita.wordpress.com/) says:
 
 August 26, 2014 at 8:13 pm 
 Who knows, perhaps he (Adam Smith) really did know? 
If he did know, he certainly cloaked it in plain sight as so much of the hidden agenda is in plain sight once greater awareness has awakened. 
*Financial district always build the tallest skyscrapers… 
*So much esoteric and royal bloodlines funding architectural and symbolism for all government edifices (temples)… 
*world's monetary policy as fractional reserve debt system -Who and Why would a slave system be designed? 
 I and People that I know would NEVER do any of those things voluntarily. 
Yet there they are in all nations of the world. 
 As it has been said: "Hidden in plain sight". 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 Please Contribute a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Search 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 383 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Get the latest blogs 
 Worldwide Awareness 
 
 RSS - Posts 
 
 The Worldwide Awakening 
 Peaceful Awareness & Knowledge Based Transition September 11, 2017 
 Exercise freedom and creativity for all Earth’s inhabitants to explore ready breakthroughs in Self Organizing Communities, economics, and technology. This is a D.I.Y. project 
 State Sponsored Terror 
 The Big Day Report  March 30, 2018 
 Institutions of crime Big days have come, gone, and come again (Manipulations: Market Exchanges crash, wars, government Elections, and Taxation). Search for what is hidden and for what is not spoken. What secrets are hidden in Antarctica? Be Aware of the next big Day for fraudulent institutions. 
 Most Viewed Posts & Pages 
 
 Affidavit: Michael C. Cottrell’s Disclosure of Cabal Financial High Crimes 
 The End of the Kali Yuga in 2025? 
 Keiryo Tourney Arc 
 Speaking Spirits 
 WHAT IS THE NEXT STEP? 
 THE ONE PEOPLE’S PUBLIC TRUST 
 Youtube Censorship In Damage Control Mode As Subscribers' Outrage Grows: 
 Dear Citizens: You Have Criminals, Satanists, Pedophiles, and other Assortments of Ruthless Villainy in Government 
 What was Significant About "Magic 7" in Christine Lagarde's Global Speech? 
 NOT A Globe 
 
 RonMamita 
 
 Peace Today 
 RonMamita's Blog 
 HOME 
 Pages 
 
 About 
 Emergencies! 
 
 FOOD and DRUGS FDA Racket 
 
 Message To Investors 
 
 
 
 
 Global War or Martial Law or Both (don't fall for it) 
 
 Re-Examining Corporate-Governments 
 
 ABOLISH The Dark Cabals 
 
 
 
 
 THE ONE PEOPLE’S PUBLIC TRUST 
 
 1215.org 
 2013 Events… 
 Being and Doing 
 LibrePlanet 
 Read www.apfn.org Documents 
 
 
 Video Room 
 
 Alternative News 
 DOCUMENTS 
 
 Lawful and Legal: not always the same… 
 
 
 NEW-SCIENCE 
 
 Great Mother! (EARTH) 
 
 
 Gameplay: ME1 
 
 
 WOAS 
 
 Institutional Reports 
 
 GLOBAL FINANCIAL KINGDOM 
 
 
 
 
 F.U.Q. 
 Short Stories 
 Consciousness Shift Archives 
 
 NOT A Globe 
 Level-Plane Lab Work 
 
 
 Earth Realm Documentation 
 
 Artifacts Reveal The True Ancient Past 
 
 
 ベイビーステップBaby Steps 
 
 Keiryo Tourney Arc 
 
 
 Baby Steps Archive 
 
 
 
 
 August 2014 S 
 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 
 
 10 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 
 
 17 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 
 
 24 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 
 
 31 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 « Jul   Sep » 
 All posts here 
 All posts here Select Month June 2019  (1) May 2019  (2) April 2019  (4) February 2019  (4) January 2019  (13) November 2018  (5) October 2018  (8) September 2018  (14) August 2018  (14) July 2018  (18) June 2018  (15) May 2018  (11) April 2018  (20) March 2018  (10) February 2018  (15) January 2018  (26) December 2017  (13) November 2017  (17) October 2017  (20) September 2017  (8) August 2017  (13) July 2017  (18) June 2017  (14) May 2017  (25) April 2017  (30) March 2017  (23) February 2017  (26) January 2017  (22) December 2016  (20) November 2016  (22) October 2016  (21) September 2016  (18) August 2016  (23) July 2016  (23) June 2016  (19) May 2016  (21) April 2016  (11) March 2016  (11) February 2016  (17) January 2016  (10) December 2015  (17) November 2015  (7) October 2015  (23) September 2015  (13) August 2015  (20) July 2015  (24) June 2015  (38) May 2015  (41) April 2015  (28) March 2015  (53) February 2015  (41) January 2015  (46) December 2014  (79) November 2014  (81) October 2014  (74) September 2014  (78) August 2014  (73) July 2014  (54) June 2014  (27) May 2014  (40) April 2014  (31) March 2014  (68) February 2014  (57) January 2014  (74) December 2013  (27) November 2013  (58) October 2013  (54) September 2013  (70) August 2013  (111) July 2013  (114) June 2013  (85) May 2013  (119) April 2013  (40) March 2013  (47) February 2013  (42) January 2013  (37) December 2012  (25) November 2012  (8) September 2012  (2) August 2012  (15) July 2012  (7) June 2012  (4) May 2012  (6) April 2012  (7) March 2012  (10) February 2012  (4) January 2012  (4) December 2011  (3) November 2011  (9) October 2011  (11) September 2011  (11) April 2009  (4) 
 Whole-Community 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 1215.org Law Notes Unalienable RIGHTS 
 4closurefraud.org 
 ALIEN SCIENTIST  AlienScientist.com contains an ever expanding database of everything related to Space Technologies and predictions on what the future could be like. Aliens, Antigravity, Inter-Stellar Space Travel, Time Travel, TOEs and GUTs, Unified Field Physics, "Free" 
 Basic Litigation Defense Training Manual 
 BLACK LISTED NEWS  You want to collect news? START HERE. 
 Chink in the Armor 
 Corbett Report  The Corbett Report provides a weekly podcast as well as interviews, articles and videos about current events and suppressed history from an independent perspective. 
 creditorsincommerce.com resources 
 Electronic Frontier Foundation (EFF)  EFF fights for freedom primarily in the courts, bringing and defending lawsuits even when that means taking on the US government or large corporations. By mobilizing more than 50,000 concerned citizens through our Action Center, EFF beats back bad legisla 
 flcourts.org circuit courts 
 Florida State Courts Self-Help 
 floridaforeclosurefraud.com 
 foreclosuredestroyer.com 
 foreclosurediscovery.net 
 foreclosurehamlet.org 
 Free Software Foundation  Free software is a matter of liberty, not price. Think of "free" as in "free speech," not as in "free beer." Free software is a matter of the users' freedom to run, copy, distribute, study, change and improve the software. The Free Software Directory cat 
 Fukushima Update  Fukushima Update is edited by James Corbett of The Corbett Report. It is dedicated to providing news and information related to the nuclear crisis at the Fukushima Daiichi nuclear power plant in northeastern Japan. With neither a pro- nor anti-nuclear age 
 GATA  GOLD ANTI-TRUST ACTION COMMITTEE; organized in the fall of 1998 to expose, oppose, and litigate against collusion to control the price and supply of gold and related financial instruments. 
 Israel Today  Israel Today’s mission is to be the definitive source for a truthful and balanced perspective on Israel and to provide timely news directly from Jerusalem – the focus of world attention. 
 justia.com  Research the Laws and court cases 
 Land Destroyer Report  The Land Destroyer Report is maintained by Tony Cartalucci, an American geopolitical analyst based in Bangkok, Thailand. Land Destroyer is mirrored on WordPress here. We can be followed on Twitter here and Facebook here. Comments, questions, corrections, 
 lawnotes counterclaims 
 Linux Power Wordpress.com  Change your computer Operating System 
 livinglies.wordpress.com (Foreclosure case law) 
 LOVE & Peace  Promotes global peace & prosperity with some entertainment. Information sharing and HIGHLY INFORMATIVE 
 mattweidnerlaw.com/blog 
 Metahistory  Metahistory is a path beyond the received scripts of history and culture, toward a world free from enslavement to historical lies and unexamined beliefs. Site author John Lash 
 MISFIT Economy  Alexa Clay and Kyra Maya Phillips met one day over tea in Bloomsbury to hatch a plan to shape a new economy. Somewhere along the way a new vision for innovation was born. 
 Mortgage Servicing Fraud 
 mortgage-home-loan-bank-fraud.com manual 
 
 Tag Cloud 
 2013   abuse of authority   abuse of power   alternative   america   awareness   bank   banking   banking cartel   banking fraud   breach of trust   central bank   change   china   consciousness shift   conspiracy   control   creative   crime   crisis   cure   currency   current affairs   current event   debt   debt-bondage   deception   dissent   dollar   earth   economy   energy   everything is rigged   federal reserve   financial crisis   financial fraud   fraud   free   freedom   full disclosure   G20   geopolitics   government   government lies   healing   imf   institutional crime   international monetary system   internet   investigate   justice   liberty   lost trust   love   mass awakening   military   money   money cartel   money masters   nature   news   non-compliance   oneness   peace   people   policy   politics   public   reality   remedy   research   rigged system   russia   save the People of Earth   science   secrecy   self-govern   sovereign   sword of truth   system   system of control   tax   trade   trust   truth   united states   untrustworthy   wall street   war   wholeness 
 Audio coming soon! 
 Administrators 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 (C) 2021  Ronmamita's Blog 
 ↑ 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
