  
 Menu Bar 
 
 __ 
 
 Go 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Job Search 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 New Graduates 
 Job Sites & Resources 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 
 
 Networking 
 
 Networking Tips 
 Networking Etiquette 
 Networking Events 
 Social Media & Online Networking 
 Elevator Speech 
 Informational Interviews 
 Networking Mistakes 
 FAQ About Networking 
 
 
 
 Cover Letter 
 
 Cover Letter Tips 
 Cover Letter Format 
 Cover Letter Samples 
 Cover Letter Mistakes 
 FAQ About Cover Letter Writing 
 
 
 
 Resume 
 
 Resume Tips 
 Resume Format 
 Resume Template 
 Resume Samples 
 Customizing Your Resume 
 Resume Formatting 
 Ideas & Alternatives 
 Resume Mistakes 
 Resume Writers 
 FAQ About Resume Writing 
 
 
 
 Interview 
 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Questions 
 Interview Skills 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Mistakes 
 Follow Up Interview Email 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Career Advancement 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 Continuing Education 
 Productivity 
 Work Relationships 
 Work Environment 
 Work Life Balance 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 
 Go 
 
  Home   
  Job Search   
 Between Jobs: What to Do While Unemployed 
 
 Between Jobs: What to Do While Unemployed 
 
 Must Read 
 Networking While In Transition 
 Staying Mentally and Physically Healthy 
 
 One of the hardest parts of being in the  job search  is making the best use of all of the time you suddenly have on your hands. For some the challenge is staying on track, while for others the difficulty is staying motivated. 
 Focus your efforts on the following three areas for a balanced approach to managing your time while between jobs: Keeping a positive frame of mind, professional growth, and expanding your network. This article will give you some practical tips for each of these three areas. 
 1) Stay Motivated and Positive 
 The job search is stressful for everyone. Economic pressure as well as dealing with the sense of rejection that can come from putting yourself out there are constant forces at work for many job seekers. 
 While you can’t control the stressors, you can control your response to them. Here are ways to actively promote a positive attitude that will keep you bringing your best to each opportunity you have to showcase your value to prospective employers. 
 Schedule and Routine 
 Perhaps the most important single thing that you can do to maintain your drive and motivation during the job search is to set a schedule and stick to it. Identify your most productive 8 hours each day (or 4 hours if you are currently working part time), and build a loose daily schedule including blocks for each of the following: 
 
 Searching for jobs to apply for 
 Applying for jobs  (including adapting your  resume  and  cover letter  for each) 
 Correspondence (email, phone calls, etc.) 
 Organization and tracking 
 Professional development 
 Expanding your professional network 
 Mental and physical fitness 
 
 Your daily schedule should include a few breaks. And, the weekly schedule must include days off so that you can stay fresh and give yourself time away from the stress of the job search. 
 Not sure what these categories mean in practice? Read on to learn more about the specific activities you can fill each of these blocks of time with in order to stay productive, focused, and driven. 
 Organization 
 Staying organized helps you stay efficient with your time and keeps you on the ball with your targets. 
 At a minimum, your organization efforts should include: 
 
 Keeping your resumes and cover letters in the same place with file names that allow you to access them quickly so you can adapt them for a similar job. 
 A record of which jobs you applied for, when, contact details, and notes on any responses and follow ups. 
 If you are using a few different  resume styles , you may want to implement a tracking system to learn which styles are performing the best so you can continuously improve your approach. 
 
 Goal Setting 
 Setting goals is an important way to make sure you are making progress each and every work day. Your goals can be set to both daily and weekly targets. Make a checklist of your goals and use it to gain a sense of accomplishment at the end of each day and again at the end of the week. 
 Appropriate goals will vary for each situation. Be sure to set goals that are reasonable for you to set yourself up for success. However, it is important to reach beyond simply counting the number of jobs you apply for each week. 
 Here are some examples of other goals that can help you stay busy and productive during the job search: 
 
 Connect with 5 new people working in your field on social media each week. 
 Spend 2 hours each week reading up on news in your particular industry sector. 
 Get 3 workouts in each week. 
 Schedule a lunch or coffee meet up with one of your local in-person contacts each week. 
 
 Mental Fitness 
 Your ability to stay focused and positive requires that you invest in your mental and emotional health. There is no denying that being unemployed is particularly taxing on our sense of self-esteem and worth. Making time for additional support and self-care will help to keep you functioning at your best. 
 Here are some examples of activities you can use to boost your mental fitness: 
 
 Call a friend and ask them to remind you of some of the qualities that they appreciate about you. 
 Make a gratitude list that includes 10 things that you are sincerely thankful for in your life. 
 Schedule time for daily meditation. 
 Carve out a block in your daily schedule to do something relaxing such as take a bath, walk your dog, or enjoy a hobby. 
 
 Physical Fitness 
 Exercise goes beyond building muscles and trimming fat. In fact, daily moderate physical exercise has been shown to reduce stress levels, boost mood, and improve concentration. Now that you have more time on your hands, adding in some extra time for working out can also give you a sense of accomplishment to help counterbalance the daunting feelings that are a normal part of being unemployed. 
 2) Focus on Professional Growth 
 The job search offers you valuable time to advance your career with new skills and qualifications that you were not able to pursue when you were working full time. In addition to helping you aim for a better paying job, investing in your professional growth during the job search will impress your future employer. 
 Education 
 Check into the offerings at your local community college to find classes that will add to your skillset. Most offer vocational training programs that may help you update your trade skills, learn new technology, or pick up a new specialization that could make you more attractive to potential employers. 
 You can also find classes online. For example, the website  Coursera  offers free and low cost college classes taught by educators from around the world. In addition, many universities now offer online coursework at a fraction of the cost of regular tuition. 
 Stay in Touch with Industry Trends 
 Identify 2-3 publications that have a strong reputation for covering the news in your field and make time to read them each week. You may learn about job opportunities you otherwise would not have known about. Or, you may learn about new certifications or licensing that may give you an edge in the job search. 
 Another reason why keeping up with industry trends is an all around win during the job search is that you can leverage that information during a  job interview  to set yourself above the competition. It never hurts to drop a few salient facts such as a recent major award or company merger in your sector. 
 Freelance 
 The opportunities to do paid work from home are continuing to expand via the gig economy. You may be able to take advantage of this to make some extra cash and stay fresh on your existing skills through  freelance work . 
 Volunteer 
 Volunteering is a way to stay sharp with your current skill set or expand your qualifications by reaching into new areas of work. It also offers the advantage of rapidly  expanding your social network  by getting to know folks in your community that may be aware of job openings that never even get advertised. 
 Be careful that you limit your volunteer work so that it does not become a distraction from your job search. 
 3) Build Your Network 
 The size and quality of your professional network, both from  online  and face to face relationships, can make a tremendous impact on your job search prospects. First, getting a foot in the door through a contact can help you stand out from the pack both during the resume and interview phases of the hiring process. Second, sometimes jobs are never advertised or are created with a special candidate in mind. 
 A strong network of quality relationships can open doors. Investing time each week in these activities can make a big difference: 
 Update Social Media Profiles 
 One of your first priorities for the job search will be to update your social media profiles. Most employers will at least check your online presence if you make the short list. In addition, actively using online networking sites such as  LinkedIn  or  job search websites  can add an important dimension to making sure you can be found by recruiters seeking talent in your field. 
 Clarify Your Personal Brand 
 A  personal brand  is a way of packaging your qualifications, passions, and values. In many cases it will also include deciding on design elements such as colors, fonts, and graphics that will help you to create visual cohesiveness across platforms. 
 Thinking through the elements of your personal brand will help you tell your career story to those that may stumble on your website or other online profiles. It will give them an immediate impression that includes the aspects of your professional persona that you want to make sure get noticed. 
 Refresh Network Contacts 
 Spend a little bit of time each day engaging with people in your professional network, either on social media or more traditional methods such as email, in person, and over the phone. Letting people in your network know that you are in the job search allows them to keep you in the loop about potential job opportunities. 
 Social media platforms make it easier than ever to keep up with people you already know, add new folks to your network, and refresh old contacts. Consider posting informative articles in your field, providing insightful comments on others’ posts, or even creating unique content that is in line with your personal brand to attract engagement on your page. 
 Attend Events 
 Finally, look for an opportunity to  participate in events  where face to face interactions allow you to meet new people and expand your professional network. Examples include  job fairs , conventions targeted to your field, and even social events such as those hosted by churches, volunteer groups, or business organizations. 
 Job Search Center 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 Job Sites & Resources by Profession 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 Must Read 
 
 Building the Right Bridge to Your Future  
 
 Networking While In Transition 
 
 How to Network When You Are Unemployed: Just Put on a Happy Face!  
 
 Staying Mentally and Physically Healthy 
 
 Interview with Jason Garner, Author of "...And I Breathed - My Journey from a Life of Matter to a Life that Matters"  
 
 Recommended Articles 
 
 Why HR Just Isn't Into You  
 Back to Work: Advice for Parents Returning to the Workforce  
 3 Ways to Identify and Showcase Your Skills to Land a Job  
 Job Fairs Aren't for Sissies: 10 Tips to Improve Your Chances  
 What Happens When an Employer Does a Background Check About You?  
 5 Best Career Change Ideas and Advice in your Midlife  
 Prepare for Your Pre-Employment Assessment  
 
 FAQ 
 
 How to Write Your Resume and Cover Letter if You've Been Absent from the Workforce for a While? 
 How to Showcase Your Accomplishments? 
 How to Choose a Career That Fits Your Personality? 
 What Happens When an Employer Does a Background Check? 
 What Can You Do if You're Lacking Experience? 
 
 Job Search Center 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 Job Sites & Resources by Profession 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 Become a Contributor 
 We are always on the lookout for good writers. If you are a resume writer, career coach or human resources professional and would like to contribute, please  get in touch  and earn your badge! 
 
 WorkBloom's goal is to help you find work and reach your highest aspirations, one step at a time. 
 Featured Resources 
 
 Resume Writing 101  __ 
 Over 300 Resume Samples  __ 
 Cover Letter Writing 101  __ 
 Over 200 Cover Letter Samples  __ 
 The Holland Codes / RIASEC  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Job Search Center  __ 
 Networking Center  __ 
 Cover Letter Center  __ 
 Resume Center  __ 
 Interview Center  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Career Center  __ 
 Students & New Graduates Center  __ 
 Contributors  __ 
 Contact Us  __ 
 
 Copyright © 2006-2020 | All Rights Reserved |  Privacy Policy 
 × 
 Send 
