Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Merchandise Assistant, Women's Crops (4 Month Contract) 
 Lululemon 
 __Vancouver, BC 
 Apply Now 
 At lululemon, we work together to elevate the world. We set audacious goals, nurture big growth and engineer innovative products that allow people to feel—and perform—their best. To us, leadership is more than a role or title—it’s a way of being. We are all leaders, committed to growth and results. 
 Together, we’re co-creating a future that otherwise wouldn’t exist. To do that, we’re looking for people who unite diverse perspectives to lean into bold visions. Who strive to be better than they were yesterday. Who are all in, in everything they do. 
 We’re looking for you. Join us. 
 About this team: 
The Merchandise team lives and breathes all things product! We collectively work together towards getting the right product for our stores and ultimately our guests. 
 A day in the life: 
The Merchandise Assistant is responsible for item creation, purchase order maintenance, line plan maintenance, on-order tracking and management, accurate and operationally proficient data entry and maintenance in various merchandising systems. The Merchandise Assistant supports the merchandising team to successfully deliver lululemon's design vision to meet or exceed guest expectations and financial goals. 
 
 Manage the data integrity and accuracy of the line plan including style numbers, colour options and codes, product attributes, FOB/IMU targets, forecasted units, purchase orders, price management, item creation, on-order tracking, line sheet and product flow reporting 
 Collaborate with cross-functional partners (Design, Product Development, Visual Merchandising, Raw Materials, Sourcing, Planning & Allocations, Whitespace, Ecommerce) to gather key information to support merchandising initiatives 
 Manage market research, ad-hoc reporting and miscellaneous projects as needed 
 Support the merchandising team in developing merchandising strategies and preliminary product assortments 
 Support the creation of the line plan through all steps of the process 
 Support the creation of line planning through all phrases of the process 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 Retail experience preferred 
 Strong analytical skills with the ability in interpret multiple data points across numerous channels and market segments 
 Strong operational efficiency and attention to detail 
 Ability to balance analytical and creative tasks 
 Ability to multi task and operate in a fast paced environment 
 Proficient with all programs in Microsoft Office 2007 
 
 Must haves: 
 
 Acknowledges the presence of choice in every moment and takes personal responsibility for their life. 
 Possesses an entrepreneurial spirit and continuously innovates to achieve great results. 
 Communicates with honesty and kindness, and creates the space for others to do the same. 
 Leads with courage, knowing the possibility of greatness is bigger than the fear of failure. 
 Fosters connection by putting people first and building trusting relationships. 
 Integrates fun and joy as a way of being and working, aka doesn’t take themselves too seriously. 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
