Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Retail Sales Associate (Full-Time) 
 Mister Safety Shoes 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 What we do: 
Mister Safety Shoes is a specialty retailer in the field of safety footwear and work clothing. At Mister Safety Shoes, our team members practice a consultative approach to our customer interactions. You will be trained in assessing the workplace needs of each customer in order to provide exceptional service. 
 What we offer: 
 There are many reasons to work for us. Here are just a few: 
We offer a compensation package that includes a starting base hourly wage of $15.50, plus bonuses paid bi-weekly & monthly 
Benefits are fully paid for by the company for all full-time employees 
3-Weeks paid vacation for full-time employees 
We offer schedules set in advance, with regularly scheduled days off 
We are closed on ALL statutory holidays – Including Boxing Day! 
We invest in people and often promote from within 
 If you are a dedicated worker and have a people-first attitude, you will be truly valued, recognized, and rewarded. 
 What we are looking for: 
Currently, we are looking for full-time consultants to join the Hamilton Team! 
 Our ideal, full-time consultant will be able to work closing, opening, and weekend shifts. We are looking for team members that are polite, well-spoken, and are outgoing. 
 We are an equal opportunity employer and positively encourage applications from suitably qualified and eligible candidates. If required, please include accommodation requirements with your submission. 
 Please note our company has implemented a set of precautionary procedures surrounding the COVID-19 outbreak. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
