Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Store Administrator - LG VOL 
 Shoppers Drug Mart 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
2223 Bloor St. W, Toronto, Ontario, M6S 1N7 
 Join a locally owned and operated store to help deliver health, beauty and convenience services in your community, and keep the customer at the centre of everything you do. 
 Why this role is important? 
 SUMMARY: 
Administer all accounting, payroll, benefits, POS/MMS and financial requirements to support achieving store(s) objectives. 
 DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES: 
ACCOUNTS PAYABLE 
 Verifies packing slips by matching them to the authorized invoice and verify that they are on the • Merchandise Receiving Log 
Identifies any discrepancies between invoice cost and purchase order amounts and alerts the buyer or Associate of any discrepancies 
Posts LITES central pay invoices 
Matches DSD invoices, inter-store transfers and RAD invoices to SDM weekly statement 
Generates store cheques for Associate’s signature and post entries to LITES 
 ACCOUNTS RECEIVABLE 
 Processes all charge sales daily, ensuring AR system totals match the total validated through the cash register 
Processes all receipts on account daily, ensuring AR system totals match the total validated through cash register receipts 
Reconcile Third Party sales against Prescription Sales report for each Third Party and follows up on all discrepancies 
Processes third party EFT receipts 
Posts weekly billings for off-line sales 
Processes and reconciles all adjustments to the A/R sub ledger 
Maintains and reviews updated detailed A/R aging report each period end 
Reviews manual claims reconciliation on a period basis 
Follows up on older outstanding balances 
 SALES 
 Reconciles details from the cash register on a daily basis. Determines whether cash overage or shortage occurred and investigates to determine cause of any daily shortage or overage 
Audits entries from register to ensure accuracy 
Reconciles Post Office Daily Summary to Canada Post deposits 
Ensures daily deposits appear in the bank account in a timely manner 
 EXPENSES 
 Audits allocation of expenses to ensure correct accounts are charged 
 PAYROLL 
 Reviews WFM Payroll Summary Report against the Payroll Preview in Ceridian after WFM payroll import occurs and advises the appropriate manager of any discrepancies 
Ensures payroll is processed every two weeks 
If required, processes employee advances 
 Employee Benefit Administration:  enrolls eligible employee in the program and ensure terminated employees are removed from the program. Provides program information to employees. 
Ensures that employee personal data is accurate in Ceridian and provide discrepancies to managers for changes in WFM 
Updates Cosmetic Commissions Database for Cosmetic Daily Sales Analysis: sales, hours and commission payment by Cosmetic employee 
Provides FSM with Cosmetic Commissions data to be entered in WFM 
Ensures T4s are requested and balanced before CRA deadline 
 GENERAL 
 Prepares SA Period End Binder with required documents, reviews and forwards to Associate 
Reviews period end cash reconciliation 
Completes the inventory day web forms, including the cutoff worksheet, and liaises with RAD 
Completes filing as required and organization of office set-up 
Complies with all health and safety regulations 
Ensures employee personnel file is maintained with all required documentation. If incomplete advises department manager of missing documentation 
Performs other internal audit controls as required 
Perform other duties as required 
 FPO 
Submits weekly financial process optimization (FPO) webforms to Central Office: 
 Week 1 - Human Resources and Payroll 
Week 2 - Cash and expenses includes variance analysis of current period expenses vs. plan 
Week 3 - Inventory 
Week 4 - Accounts Receivable and Accounts Payable 
 QUALIFICATIONS 
 Proficiency in Microsoft Office 
Minimum of 2 years of experience in store bookkeeping 
 WORKING CONDITIONS 
 Ability to work flexible shifts which may include occasional evenings and weekends 
 PHYSICAL REQUIREMENTS 
 Ability to lift up to 20 pounds 
General office work 
 The above statement reflects the general details considered necessary to describe the principal functions and duties as required for proper evaluation of the job and shall not be construed as a detailed description of all the work requirements that may be inherent in the job. 
 J2WSA 
J2WRTL 
 Why work in a Shoppers Drug Mart store? 
 Each store has an Associate-Owner, so you will work for a local business owner while having the support of a national brand. Benefit from a purchase discount program, flexible and varied schedules, competitive pay and online learning through SDMU. 
 Take ownership of your work and find more ways to care about your patients, co-workers, customers and community. 
 Associate Owners in the Shoppers Drug Mart network recognize Canada's diversity as an opportunity to better serve their communities, and strive to reflect the nation’s evolving diversity in the products they sell, the people they hire, and the culture they create in their stores. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants and colleagues with disabilities. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
