Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Security Patroller 
 HEXO Operations Inc. 
 __Belleville, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Belleville, ON, Canada Req #410 
Tuesday, November 24, 2020 
 Since the legalization of recreational Cannabis in October 2018, HEXO Corp has experienced incredible growth. As one of Canada’s top Cannabis companies, we continue to advance in this exciting new industry along with the incredibly talented people we have working on the team. 
 HEXO Corp creates globally trusted brands of easy-to-use and easy-to-understand cannabis products. HEXO Corp is a serious, business-oriented and socially responsible organization that is building dynamic teams of professionals that aren't afraid to step outside of their role, try new things and challenge the status quo. 
 If you are excited to take on a new challenge and are open to getting out of your comfort zone, we’re looking for people like you to join the HEXO Corp family. 
 We are looking for a Security patroller who will report to the Security Manager and assist in the development and implementation of security. This position is Monday to Friday from 7am to 3:30pm. 
 Responsibilities: 
Ensure the safety of the facility; 
Control and monitor facilities access; 
50% of time spent conducting preventive patrols; 
Report activities and/or incidents and write reports; 
Protect evidence and/or incident locations; 
Intervene in case of medical emergency, ﬁre, breakdown and other situations and events and provide ﬁrst aid if required; 
Use communication system; 
Accompany visitors and supervise external workers; 
Assume the duties of the Security Specialist when needed; 
Perform other related tasks. 
 Requirements: 
A minimum of one-year experience in facility security; 
Experience writing detailed reports; 
Valid Security Guard licence; 
First aid certiﬁcation; 
High school diploma; 
Valid driver’s license; 
Bilingualism is an important asset; 
Strong computer skills, including security-related software and equipment; 
Oral communication and writing skills; 
Great sense of responsibility, autonomy and judgment; 
Strong ability to analyze and bring forth solutions; 
Diplomatic; professional; respectful and process oriented. 
 HEXO Corp. expressly prohibits any form of workplace harassment based on race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, marital status, pregnancy, parental status, national origin, ethnic background, age, disability, political opinion, social status, veteran status, or genetic information and encourages applications from all minority groups. 
 Other details 
Pay Type Hourly 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
