Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Auditor I 
 CITOXLAB N.A. INC. 
 __Laval, QC 
 Apply Now 
 ACCOUNTABILITY 
 Perform audits on studies, facilities, processes and validation activities and report all findings to Citoxlab | A Charles River Company (Citoxlab) management. Inform Citoxlab management of deficiencies and areas of operations that need improvement. 
 MAJOR ELEMENTS OF RESPONSIBILITIES 
 
 Perform critical phase, process and facility audits; 
 Perform thorough audits in compliance with applicable Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs), study plans, Good Laboratory Practice (GLP) regulations and guidance documents; 
 Communicate and report audit findings in a timely manner to the responsible personnel; 
 Work closely with scientific staff and Operations to achieve GLP compliance; 
 Ensure GLP regulations and guidance, as well as Citoxlab SOPs are followed; 
 Understand and consistently apply SOPs; 
 Maintain good verbal and written communication with Operations; 
 Inform QA management of deficiencies and suggest improvement; 
 Meet and adhere to set deadlines; 
 Remain informed on all legislation and developments related to job through self-education and external training; 
 Assist in training of staff; 
 Substitute and/or assist department colleagues; 
 Perform any other reasonable tasks that may be required. 
 
 WORKING ENVIRONMENT 
 
 Work performed in an office environment; 
 Considerable sensory attention is required on a regular basis; 
 Often requires concentration to work in front of a computer; 
 Work with deadlines. 
 
 KNOWLEDGE/SKILLS 
 
 University degree or pertinent experience in the domain; 
 Minimum of 1 year of experience as Quality Assurance Auditor in a GLP regulated environment or equivalent; 
 Strong knowledge of related legislation, principles, practices and procedures; 
 Good knowledge and application of GLP; 
 Oral and written English required. French is a definite asset; 
 Strong organizational, interpersonal and communication skills; 
 Strong problem-solving and analytical skills; 
 Ability to work under time constraints and adapt to change; 
 Meticulous attention to detail; 
 Good practical knowledge of auditing computerized systems validation for compliance is a definite asset; 
 Working knowledge of related computer applications; Fast typing ability is an asset. 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
