Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Pet Grooming Salon Manager 
 PetSmart 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 We value your experience and are offering a $1000 SIGN ON BONUS for experienced pet stylists to come and join our team!! 
 ABOUT OUR SALONS: 
When our pets inspire us to be to be more loving and caring individuals, it’s no surprise that our Grooming Salon Manager truly embodies those qualities. With your patience, guidance and passion for helping others, you’ll help to lead the operations of the grooming salon—from head to tail! You’ll build relationships with clients, champion exceptional customer service, lead your associates, and drive results to grow the business. 
 ABOUT THE ROLE: 
 As our Pet Grooming Salon Manager, you will: 
Onboard all new salon associates and groomers, ensuring their completion of all training requirements and annual safety certifications, evaluating the quality of grooms, and providing ongoing learning opportunities 
Perform Hands on Pet (HOP) assessment on all pets to recommend services and build trust with the pet parents 
Perform dog grooming services to breed standards and to client’s personal preferences and hold your groomers to those same standards 
Ensure the safety and well-being of every pet and associate in the store, taking immediate action whenever necessary 
 ABOUT YOUR CAREER: 
And while we’re there for pets at every stage of their lives, we’ll also be with you at every stage of your career. With PetSmart, you will have opportunities to: 
 Gain experience in a different business unit like the store or the Pets Hotel 
Develop your leadership skills as a District Academy Trainer or a Quality and Education Manager 
Tackle the challenge of a new salon opening or turning around a struggling salon 
Transfer to any one of our 1600 stores nationwide 
 THE WARM AND FUZZIES: 
We’ve highlighted job responsibilities and programs as best as we could above—but the best parts of working at PetSmart can’t be fully described in the job description. 
 It’s the pride of the giving Mickey a makeover in our salons watching him strut his stuff on the way out. Paws off, ladies, he’s taken! 
It’s the excitement of Walter’s wagging tail during his bath or Sadie’s smile after her teeth are cleaned. 
It’s the gussying up of Gizmo for this year’s holiday photoshoot. (Fun fact: many of our groomer receive holiday cards from their clients!) 
It’s the little things we do that add up to really big things that pets need. 
 Working at PetSmart is not a job, it’s a community of those who work together for the love of pets. 
 Apply now to experience a career that loves you back. 
 This job summary is intended to describe the general nature and level of work associates/leaders assigned to this job perform. It is not intended to include all duties and responsibilities. You will be provided a copy of a job description for the actual position you are hired in to. 
 PetSmart is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national or ethnic origin, disability, as well as any other characteristic protected by federal, provincial or local law. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
