Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Machining Supervisor 
 MIRMIL PRODUCTS 
 __Trenton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Our architectural millwork company is seeking a Machining Supervisor. This person will be 
 responsible for overseeing the CNC machining area, as well as the Glue-Up and Receiving area. The 
 successful candidate will not only supervise the work of others, but will also coach, resolve issues, 
 and serve as a link between subordinates and upper management. The ideal candidate will be a 
 competent individual who will be able to guide and train employees. They must also be results- 
 driven and focused. 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Leading a team to meet quality and schedule requirements 
 Delegating tasks to employees within the CNC and Glue-Up/Receiving areas 
 Organizing workflow and ensuring that employees understand their duties or delegated tasks 
 Monitoring employee productivity and providing constructive feedback and coaching 
 Address problems with work quality, issues between employees and other concerns in an 
 
 effective and timely manner 
 
 Ensure adherence to legal and company policies and procedures and undertake disciplinary 
 
 actions if the need arises 
 
 Ensure that the work environment is safe, secure, and healthy and that employees are 
 
 complying with all safety rules 
 
 Train, or appoint training for new CNC operators to: 
 
 o Identify materials 
 o Properly read paperwork to mark and cut panels and identify edging 
 o Call up programs as needed 
 o Identify proper positioning for material being cut (e.g., backer up/backer down) 
 o Perform quality checks 
 o Set new tools or re-sharpen tools 
 o Troubleshoot and find ways to operate more efficiently 
 o Operate the beam saw 
 
 Work closely with Glue-Up/Receiving Team Lead on setting up and staging upcoming jobs 
 
 and ensuring the material is correct 
 
 Ensuring there is set up for extra tools for quick tool changes 
 Ensuring there is set up and organization of tool cabinets 
 Working with programmers and drafters as needed 
 
 Requirements: 
 
 Proven experience as supervisor or relevant role 
 Proven experience with CNC Machines 
 Experience working with millwork is an asset 
 Able to train employees and help them reach their potential 
 Excellent communication and interpersonal skills 
 Great organizational and leadership skills 
 Good problem solving and time management skills 
 Able to prioritize tasks depending on timelines 
 
 This is a full-time position. Wage will be based on experience. If this position appeals to you, please 
 send a resume to jobs.mirmil@gmail.com. 
 We will collect resumes until the position has been filled. Only those selected for an interview will be 
 contacted. Thank you to all who apply. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
