Contact Us        Tel: 03-6451-1693, Weekdays 9:00-18:00 
 Follow @W_Shift 
    日本と海外をつなぐクラウドソーシング 
   
 
  Find Full Time Job  
 English 
 
 JA - 日本語 
 EN - English 
 
 Login   Registration 
       
 New Registration 
 Workshift provides both Job Matching Service and Recruiting Service. Please choose the service you wish to use. 
 
 You may change your service selection after you register. 
 
  Job Matching Service Offer online jobs to freelancers from all around the world 
or 
Find and get online work on Workshift     Recruiting Service Hire overseas talent 
or 
Apply for full time work mainly in Japan.  
 close 
 translate  Translate Tool 
 This is a machine translation. We don't guarantee the accuracy of the contents. 
If you want an accurate translation, please look for bilingual from  here .  Japanese English France Chinese Simplified Chinese Traditional Tagalog Hindi Indonesian Thai Spanish Portuguese German Korean 
 arrow_downward 
 Japanese English France Chinese Simplified Chinese Traditional Tagalog Hindi Indonesian Thai Spanish Portuguese German Korean 
 content_copy  Copy to Clipbord  Translate 
 Crowdsourcing Workshift  >  Find work  > Only for vijayankallil-san 
 
 Job name 
 Only for vijayankallil-san 
 Area Limitation 
 Country unspecified 
 Project Budget JPY 
 100,000 yen to 200,000 yen 
 Job type 
 Project 
 Open End 
 Requirements 
 1. Area 
 Country unspecified 
 2. Need Identity Verification 
 Yes 
 3. Skills 
 Market Research and Surveys 
 Description 
 This job is only for vijayankallil-san 
 
 Seach on the interenet and and make reports on customer service activity and structure(leading in terms of the level of customer service they offer) in the B2B marketplace in US. *they offer leading level customer service in US B2B marketplace is necessory condition. 
 Information about telecommunication,IT and Tech company is the best, but companies in other industries are acceptable as long as they offer similar customer services to the one in telecommunication,IT and Tech industries. 
 We would like to order follwing two tasks. 
 [Task1]Make a company list of customer service activity and structure(leading in terms of the level of customer service they offer) in the B2B marketplace in US. 
 [Task2]Based on list submitted on Task1, we ask you make a report about companies on customer service activity and structure(leading in terms of the level of customer service they offer) in the B2B marketplace in US. 
 ■File type： 
Please deliver on excel file(I prepare sample so please see the attachment file) 
 ■ Notes - Prohibitions: act of diverting the existing content act of diversion as it is an act was already proposed contents leaking working on content to third parties 
 [Please note] 
On this job,money will be paid according to the amount of work done.So task has devined to 2 tasks( 
task1:making list /task2:writing report) . And the payment is by amount of work per company. So if you make list 5 companies(on task1) and writing 2 reports(on task2), we will assume the payment JPY55,000. (task1:JPY3,000 5=JPY15,000+ task2:JPY20,000 2=JPY40,000) 
 Introduction by Client and Background of Job 
 About Fee 
 
 
 Project Budget (tax included) 
 
 
 Client Desired Fee  100,000 yen to 200,000 yen 
 
 
 Details of remuneration 
 
 
 Posting Ends 
 2015-05-28 
 Desired Delivery Date 
 Delivery date unspecified 
 Attachment 
 Delivery Format 
 Criteria for Hiring 
 Prohibitions 
 Others 
 Client information 
 wakanaueda 
 Identification:  Verified 
 Publication Date  2015-05-27 18:05:24 
 Applications  Proposal number: 1 
 vijayankallil 
 
 
 
 Proposal Date: 2015-05-27 18:26:36 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 ▼ Main menu 
 
 
 Top Page 
 
 
 For First Time Users 
 
 
 Post a Job 
 
 
 Find Work 
 
 
 Find Freelancers 
 
 
 See Portfolios 
 
 
 Fees 
 
 
 What is Workshift? 
 
 
 ▼ For Clients 
 
 
 About Job Posting 
 
 
 To Corporations 
 
 
 Tips to Hire Foreign Workers 
 
 
 Useful format 
 
 
 Category 
 
 
 Post Job advertisement 
 
 
 ▼ For Freelancers 
 
 
 User Guide 
 
 
 HOW I WORK 
 
 
 "Team" Function 
 
 
 How to Withdraw Money 
 
 
 Full Time Job 
 
 
 ▼ Corporate information 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Commercial Transaction Act 
 
 
 ▼ Press 
 
 
 Press Room 
 
 
 Research 
 
 
 Report 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Inbound 
 
 
 Overseas EC 
 
 
 Business Abroad 
 
 
 Interpretation 
 
 
 ▼ Testimonial 
 
 
 Client Interviews 
 
 
 Freelancer Interviews 
 
 
 ▼ Support 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 FAQ 
 
 
 Guideline 
 
 
 Inquiries 
 
 
 ▼ Social Media 
 
 
  Workshift Japan 
  Chinese Community in Japan 
 
 
         
 
 
 "Workshift", Japanese crowdsourcing for business research 
(C) 2021 Workshift Solutions 
 | 
 ---|--- 
