Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 CART REPLENISHMENT CLERK 
 Mackenzie Health 
 __Richmond Hill, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description: 
There’s never been a better time to join Mackenzie Health! As we prepare to open our state-of-the-art Cortellucci Vaughan Hospital, and continue to operate Mackenzie Richmond Hill Hospital, we have many opportunities available for staff who share our commitment to quality, patient-centred care. Ultimately, this is where you want to be. 
 By the utilization of hand held technology, maintain adequate levels of medical, surgical and IV Supplies on nursing units based on identified Par levels. 
 Contribute to safe, quality care by 
Managing a workload effectively in a fast-paced environment. 
Addressing and resolving issues in a productive, respectful manner. 
Exercising sound professional judgment and using best practice guidelines. 
Contributing to a safe, inclusive environment for all through compliance with patient and staff safety policies and procedures. 
 What must you have? 
Proven attendance record. 
Competent in English communication skills. 
 What else do you bring? 
Computer knowledge an asset. 
Able to discern relevant information to make effective judgments and decision to manage care. 
Demonstrates understanding and complies with patient and staff safety policies and procedures that foster a safe and inclusive environment for all. 
Ability to perform the essential duties of the job. 
Effectively uses empathy in interactions with others. 
Demonstrates behaviours consistent with Mackenzie Health’s Commitment to Caring. 
Models behaviour that is aligned with the values of Mackenzie Health – Excellence, Leadership and Empathy. 
Commitment to providing an exceptional experience for staff and clients within a challenging and exciting health care environment. 
 Preferably, your profile also includes: 
Previous related experience in a healthcare environment. 
 
 This position is represented by OPESU 
 You may be required to work at any site of Mackenzie Health 
 
 Mackenzie Health is an inclusive and equal opportunity employer committed to providing accommodations for applicants upon request at any stage of the recruitment process in accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA) and the Ontario Human Rights Code. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
