
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Jopwell (S15) 
 Career advancement for Black, Latinx & Native American professionals. 
 Client Success Lead, Campus Recruitment 
 
 Location 
 New York, NY / Remote 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 6+ years 
 About Jopwell 
 Jopwell’s mission is to make a substantial, measurable impact on increasing Black, Latinx, and Native American representation in the workforce. Jopwell strives to build inclusive workplaces where our members can bring their authentic selves to work. We do this by assisting companies with their recruitment, marketing, and retention efforts for communities of color. 
 About the role 
 The Role: 
 We are looking for a Client Success Lead to manage our Campus Recruitment team as they manage the day-to-day relationships with a portfolio of Jopwell’s Campus clients and deliver Jopwell’s unique value and services.. The role reports to the Senior Director, Client Success. In this role, you’ll have the opportunity to craft Jopwell’s Campus Recruiting strategy and support our clients in their efforts to attract, engage, and connect talented diverse students with career advancement opportunities. This is an exciting opportunity to connect diverse campus talent with some of the country’s top companies, including Facebook, BlackRock, Morgan Stanley, Bloomberg, Nielsen, and more. 
 During the COVID-19 pandemic, all roles are remote until further notice. This role is typically based in New York City. 
 Responsibilities: 
 Lead a growing team of Client Success Managers, including day-to-day coaching, performance appraisal, and career development. 
 Manage a small portfolio of Campus clients. 
 Shape Campus recruiting strategies and service offerings in collaboration with Partnerships team and the head of Client Success. 
 Collaborate with Jopwell Account Managers to ensure overall client satisfaction throughout the partnership and strategize for client renewal discussions. 
 Partner with Campus clients to understand their overall diversity recruiting strategies, consult on practices aligned with DEI, and develop a plan of service accordingly. 
 Market and promote client roles, programs, and events to students and entry-level professionals of color. 
 Highlight and advocate for Jopwell candidates to Campus clients, including promoting individual candidates for consideration and supporting candidates advancing in the recruiting process. 
 Create and execute on a playbook to address strategic community growth related to client recruiting priorities and schedules in collaboration with our Community team. 
 Collaborate with partners to create engaging events and content for our Campus community. 
 Develop creative solutions, identify opportunities, and coordinate initiatives to promote client engagement and drive candidate success. 
 Promote operational efficiencies, standardized processes, and reporting to monitor candidate and client success and measure account ROI. 
 Coordinate with internal teams to project manage and deliver on bespoke client services, such as webinars, events, and branded content. 
 Track and analyze data to make decisions and drive candidate success and client ROI. 
 Leverage data to report on the efficacy of our Campus recruiting efforts. 
 Keep up with DEI industry trends and adjust strategies accordingly. 
 Experience & Qualifications: 
 Required Qualifications 
 Bachelor’s degree 6+ years professional experience 4+ years experience in Campus Recruitment 3+ years experience in a client-facing role 2+ years experience in people management Enthusiastic attitude Strong data analysis experience Strong communication skills, both written and oral Ability to work in a fast-paced, deadline-driven environment Ability to handle multiple projects and prioritize accordingly Demonstrated ability to work independently and proactively problem solve Strong attention to detail Passion for Jopwell’s mission 
 Preferred Qualifications 
 Basic knowledge of SQL with the ability to understand and edit queries Proficiency in Microsoft Excel (pivot tables, v look-up) Basic knowledge of Salesforce 
 Technology 
 
 BS degree in Computer Science (or another technical field of study including Mathematics, Engineering or the Sciences) or equivalent practical/professional experience 
 3-6 years of professional programming experience 
 Demonstrated experience (1-2 years+) and familiarity with Python, Django and Django Rest Framework 
 Familiarity with Postgres, Elasticsearch, Celery, and Redis 
 Demonstrated experience (1-2 years+) and familiarity with JavaScript, understanding of ES6 concepts, - and proficiency in React, Angular, or other modern JS frameworks 
 Demonstrated experience working in a Unix/Linux environment 
 Experience working around distributed/parallel systems 
 Familiarity with unit testing using Jest and Enzyme 
 Familiarity with Next.js, Material Design and Recharts a plus 
 Experience with AWS or another cloud computing provider a plus 
 Strong communication skills (in verbal and written English) 
 
 Other jobs at Jopwell 
 Client Success Specialist, SaaS 
 fulltime 
 New York, NY / Remote 
 1+ years 
 Client Success Lead, Campus Recruitment 
 fulltime 
 New York, NY / Remote 
 6+ years 
 Client Success Manager, Professional Recruitment 
 fulltime 
 New York, NY (Currently Remote) / Remote 
 3+ years 
 Recruiting Manager 
 fulltime 
 New York, NY (Remote through June 2021) / Remote 
 6+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
