Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Student Optician 
 Loblaw Companies Limited 
 __Thunder Bay, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
971 Carrick St, Thunder Bay, Ontario, P7B6P4 
 The decision to join a company is a big one. We have opportunities for hard working, energetic and reliable people just like you. 
 Why is this role important? 
 As Canada’s largest retailer, we take price and ownership in helping Canadians each and every day. 
 We are seeking a patient-oriented and passionate Part Time Student Optician to provide personalized eye care within our professional facilities. Every week, millions of Canadians walk through our doors and we are leading the way in becoming Canada’s leading home, health and wellness organization. Come share our vision and passion in delivering a superior customer experience. 
 What’s in it for you? 
 Share in the growth of our company with our Share Ownership Plan 
Ongoing career development through in-house training programs, tuition assistance and support for professional designations 
Corporate rate fitness club memberships 
Helping you help others with our Volunteer Grant Program 
Competitive benefit programs, including health care & opportunities for retirement savings and investment 
Be a part of our growing Health & Wellness philosophy that includes: Pharmacy, Dietician, Medical & Optical services 
 Responsibilities: 
Maintain strong working relationship with your store team & Head Office 
Meet and exceed Optical sales targets 
Greet and approach customers 
Take measurements, fit, adjust, repair & dispense eyeglasses, contact lenses & specialty eyewear, based on province 
Order & receive product 
 Our Commitment 
 Accommodation is available upon request for applicants and colleagues with disabilities 
 How You’ll Succeed: 
At Loblaw, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Employment Type: 
Part time 
 Type of Role: 
Regular 
 Loblaw recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
