Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Material Coordinator 
 Bombardier 
 __Montréal, QC 
 Apply Now 
 Material Coordinator-TAME-CAYO02381717 
 Description 
 MATERIAL COORDINATOR 
 REQUISITION NUMBER:  TAME-CAYO02381717 
 At Bombardier Transportation, our trains and rail solutions move millions of people safely and reliably around the world, every single day. Join us, and you’ll be part of a global team, sharing knowledge, experience and ideas across countries and cultures, and boosting our reputation as a global leader in rail technology. Your work will have a truly human impact, connecting communities, cities and businesses, and helping people to get where they need to be. It’s all about progress. 
 Join us as Material Coordinator and you’ll be looking at a career-defining role based in Montreal, Quebec. 
 As a Material Coordinator, you will coordinate the distribution and inventory management of materials to allow efficient Test and Comissioning and Product activities. Resolve supplier issues quickly and efficiently to ensure workflow and consignment levels are maintained. Coordinate cost reduction processes related to component NDFs (No Defects Found), Non-Warranty repairs and Purchase Requesition costs. 
 Your responsibilities will include: 
 
 Advise Technical Staff regarding materials management, warehousing, logistics and on site materials support and customer service; 
 Implement systems to ensure that we minimize our costs through solid Inventory Management; 
 Identify opportunities, and makes recommendations, within the Customer Service team to improve business systems for managing inventory and planning materials requirements for TTC program; 
 Oversee tracking of component warranty extension. Compile and verifie reliability and material on-hand data based on warranty claims and material consumed; 
 Provide data and escalates as necessary with Materials Manager and Supply Management for additional actions to be taken with suppliers. 
 
 Qualifications 
 Key requirements: 
 
 Ability to guide influence and convince others; 
 Strong negotiation skills; 
 High intercultural competence; 
 Excellent English and French communication skills, advanced both written and spoken. 
 
 We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those under consideration will be contacted. 
 Bombardier Transportation is a global mobility solution provider leading the way with the rail industry’s broadest portfolio. It covers the full spectrum of solutions, ranging from trains to sub-systems and signaling to complete turnkey transport systems, e-mobility technology and data-driven maintenance services. Combining technology and performance with empathy, Bombardier Transportation continuously breaks new ground in sustainable mobility by providing integrated solutions that create substantial benefits for operators, passengers and the environment. Headquartered in Berlin, Germany, Bombardier Transportation employs around 39,850 people and its products and services operate in over 60 countries. 
 Bombardier is committed to creating a diverse environment and is proud to be an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, national origin, genetics, age, disability status, veteran status, or any other characteristic protected by Federal, National, or Local Laws. 
 Job:  Material and Stock Control 
 Primary Location:  CA-QC-Montreal Downtown 
 Organization:  Transportation 
 Schedule:  Full-time 
 Employee Status:  Regular 
 Job Posting:  11.11.2020, 10:32:03 AM 
 Unposting Date:  11.12.2020, 11:59:00 PM 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
