  
 Menu Bar 
 
 __ 
 
 Go 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Job Search 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 New Graduates 
 Job Sites & Resources 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 
 
 Networking 
 
 Networking Tips 
 Networking Etiquette 
 Networking Events 
 Social Media & Online Networking 
 Elevator Speech 
 Informational Interviews 
 Networking Mistakes 
 FAQ About Networking 
 
 
 
 Cover Letter 
 
 Cover Letter Tips 
 Cover Letter Format 
 Cover Letter Samples 
 Cover Letter Mistakes 
 FAQ About Cover Letter Writing 
 
 
 
 Resume 
 
 Resume Tips 
 Resume Format 
 Resume Template 
 Resume Samples 
 Customizing Your Resume 
 Resume Formatting 
 Ideas & Alternatives 
 Resume Mistakes 
 Resume Writers 
 FAQ About Resume Writing 
 
 
 
 Interview 
 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Questions 
 Interview Skills 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Mistakes 
 Follow Up Interview Email 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Career Advancement 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 Continuing Education 
 Productivity 
 Work Relationships 
 Work Environment 
 Work Life Balance 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 
 Go 
 
  Home  
  Blog  
  Career  
 COVID 19 – How to Stay Connected to Your Employer and Colleagues 
 
 COVID 19 – How to Stay Connected to Your Employer and Colleagues 
 
 Sari Friedman 
 March 19, 2020 
 
 These are very challenging times. There are health concerns, routines have been uprooted and financial uncertainty is unsettling. Everyone should be prioritizing their health. Make sure you are meeting your basic needs, getting adequate sleep, exercising, eating nutritious foods and practising relaxation techniques. It is hard to feel in control when so much of this situation is unfamiliar and out of anyone's control. However, you can harness some control and experience some familiarity by staying connected to your workplace. 
 Why Should Staying Connected to Your Workplace Be a Priority 
 Connecting with others is beneficial to our health. Feeling connected to others at a time of uncertainty can be reassuring. Being reminded of the universality of what we are going through can bring some comfort. During this outbreak, we should safely stay connected to family, friends and people in our community – among those are our colleagues. Naturally, all of this connecting should be happening remotely as we are all doing our part with social distancing and flattening the curve to reduce the spread of COVID-19. 
 Staying Connected to Your Employer & Colleagues If You Are Working from Home 
 If your role is amenable to it then it's likely you are figuring out how to work virtually. It isn't 'simple', but in your case it may be possible. You will want to connect with your manager to find out what the priorities are. Be sure you let your manager know what you need to fulfill those requirements. Perhaps you need hardware, software or a headset. Establish a routine for communicating with your manager and team. Your manager may have initiated that, but if they haven't you can ask them about having some regular meetings to review the status of your work and to stay connected to others. Formalizing this will likely be necessary as you are no longer just down the hall from one another. These are new circumstances and it will be crucial to develop norms for this interim situation. 
 If Your Work Can't Be Done Virtually, You Can Still Stay Connected 
 Most people's work likely cannot be done virtually, but you should still make an effort to stay connected with your employer and colleagues. It may seem less natural if you are not actually conducting your duties, but there are other reasons to communicate. Perhaps your organization has an intranet or uses Slack where people regularly interact virtually. Typically, much of this may be about the work itself, but at this time, you can set up a channel or conversation thread with tips on coping strategies and keeping busy. This approach will require some leadership to ignite but it is likely that once you put it in place, people will welcome the opportunity to remain affiliated with their colleagues. 
 
 Your first focus should be the health and basic needs of you and your family, but if you have room for more, consider prioritizing communication with your employer and colleagues. Put in the effort to deepen your virtual connection to those members of your community. You will likely find and provide much needed comfort through those connections. 
 Menu 
 
 Job Search  
 Networking  
 Cover Letter Writing  
 Resume Writing  
 Interviewing  
 Job Offer  
 Career  
 Update  
 
 
 WorkBloom's goal is to help you find work and reach your highest aspirations, one step at a time. 
 Featured Resources 
 
 Resume Writing 101  __ 
 Over 300 Resume Samples  __ 
 Cover Letter Writing 101  __ 
 Over 200 Cover Letter Samples  __ 
 The Holland Codes / RIASEC  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Job Search Center  __ 
 Networking Center  __ 
 Cover Letter Center  __ 
 Resume Center  __ 
 Interview Center  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Career Center  __ 
 Students & New Graduates Center  __ 
 Contributors  __ 
 Contact Us  __ 
 
 Copyright © 2006-2020 | All Rights Reserved |  Privacy Policy 
 × 
 Send 
