[ 
 WorkForThem 
 ](/) 
 
 Blog 
 RSS 
 Remote Jobs 
 Find More Jobs 
 Post a job 
 
 Menu Close 
 
 Blog 
 RSS 
 Remote Jobs 
 Find More Jobs 
 Post a job 
 
 Web Designer 
 Life360 
 Full time 
 San Francisco, CA, USA Remote 
 Jan 8 
 About Us 
 Life360 brings families closer with smart tools designed to protect and connect the people who matter most. 
 Known for its leading solutions for modern family challenges, Life360 recently launched the first-ever family safety membership with comprehensive services designed for every family milestone and life stage. Life360 is used by nearly 1 in 10 US families (who use Life360 an average of 10 times a day!) and reached #1 in Apple's US App Store's list of free social networking apps. Unrivaled growth in the family tech space has positioned Life360 as the largest mobile service for families in the world with over 25 million active users in over 140 countries as of September 2020. 
 This reach gives us the opportunity to do unprecedented good for families through our valued core offerings across our free and paid plans: advanced location sharing, private messaging, driver monitoring, help alerts, 24/7 roadside assistance, and Crash Detection with emergency response. On average we respond to 1,000 roadside assists and dispatch 200+ ambulances each month to those in need. 
 Offerings include both free and paid memberships. In addition, the company has raised over $200 million in equity financing, and recently completed an IPO on the ASX exchange — giving our employees the liquidity of a public company with the upside of a private growth stage business. 
 Life360’s rapidly growing team of 200+ employees is headquartered in San Francisco, with offices in San Diego, and Las Vegas. 
 ABOUT THE JOB 
 For many people, the Life360 website is their first impression of our brand and services. The web team at Life360 is responsible for building and maintaining a highly polished web presence that represents the brand and drives conversion. As a Web Designer, you will play a lead role on the team. You will design responsive landing pages, interactive experiences, and user flows that are both beautiful and functional. If you’re a responsive web fanatic who probably nerds out over css animations and obsesses over design details—this one’s for you! 
 WHAT YOU WILL BE DOING 
 
 Craft novel moments of storytelling and delight for Life360.com that elevate the brand 
 Partner with product marketing and brand marketing teams to define information architecture and tell the right stories 
 Collaborate closely with engineers to shape your work and bring our web presence to life 
 Help the team influence strategic decisions across all the corners of our web presence 
 Continually iterate and refine web landing pages and user flows to improve performance and drive conversions 
 Own the web design process from end-to-end (concept, design exploration, IA and flows, wireframing, interaction design, detailed specs, and collaboration with engineering) 
 Often work on very broadly defined, loose concepts, and sometimes on narrowly defined, tactical deliverables 
 
 EXPERIENCE 
 
 5+ years of relevant web design experience—ideally at a brand-focused, product-driven company 
 Experience designing marketing landing pages (including variates for A/B testing) 
 Experience designing and optimizing checkout/purchase flows 
 Experience working across multiple projects and leading creative output 
 
 QUALIFICATIONS 
 
 A passion for the web as a storytelling medium, demonstrable through a portfolio of delightful websites, clean design systems, engaging microsites, codepen experiments, prototypes, CSS art, or anything else (surprise us!) 
 Expert understanding of the formal elements of design, not just limited to the web and including typography, layout, balance, and proportion 
 Excellent written and verbal communication 
 Excellent Adobe Creative Suite skills 
 Skills in relevant design software (our team uses Figma) 
 Conversant in HTML/CSS (you won’t need to write production code as part of this role, but you should fluent enough in front-end code to communicate with your engineering counterparts) 
 To be considered, a link to your portfolio with relevant work samples must be included. 
 
 About our culture and benefits 
 
 Competitive pay and benefits 
 Medical, dental, vision, life and disability insurance plans (100% paid for employees) 
 401(k) plan with company matching program 
 Flexible PTO and 12 company wide days off throughout the year 
 Learning & Development programs 
 Whatever makes you stronger makes us stronger. We provide equipment, tools & reimbursement support to engage a productive remote-first team 
 Free Life360 Platinum Membership for your family circle 
 
 All open positions, unless specified as location specific, are remote opportunities and, when returning to our offices is possible, team members may elect to take advantage of the following (or continue to choose to remain remote!): 
 
 A great office with plenty of light in the heart of the SOMA district in beautiful San Francisco; a 5 minute walk to CalTrain & BART 
 An amazing office location within walking distance to the beach in San Diego (Encinitas) 
 In person team building activities, celebratory company outings and fun events 
 
 We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at Life360. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, disability status or any legally protected status. 
 We encourage people of all backgrounds to apply. We believe that a diversity of perspectives and experiences create a foundation for the best ideas. Come join us in building something meaningful. 
 Apply for this position 
 Apply 
 Your application has been successfully submitted. 
 Please fix the errors below and resubmit. 
 Something went wrong. Please try again later or contact us. 
 Personal information 
 First name * 
 Last name * 
 Email * 
 Address (Optional) 
 Profile 
 Summary (Optional) 
 Resume * 
 Details 
 Cover letter * 
 Submit application 
   
 Life360 
 Life360 brings you all together. 
 Website   Twitter 
 Apply for this position 
 Share this job 
 [Tweet](https://twitter.com/share?text=Life360 is hiring a Web Designer in San Francisco, CA, USA&url=https://workforthem.com/job/14578-web-designer)  Share  [Share](https://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?mini=true&summary=Life360 is hiring a Web Designer in San Francisco, CA, USA&url=https://workforthem.com/job/14578-web-designer&source=WorkForThem) 
 
 
 WorkForThem 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Terms Of Service 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Menu 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 RSS 
 
 
 Remote Jobs 
 
 
 Find More Jobs 
 
 
 Post a job 
 
 
 Browse Jobs By 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 Locations 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 
 Jobs By Type 
 
 
 Full time 
 
 
 Part time 
 
 
 Freelance 
 
 
 Internship 
 
 
 Contract 
 
 
