Proud Poppas United 
 "Celebrating and encouraging the pride of being an active father." 
 Search 
 Search for: Go 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Subscribe 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Father Facts & Information 
 
 Resources 
 
 Seeking Employment 
 
 
 
 
 
 Relationships & Marriage 
 
 
 Events & Workshops 
 
 Casting Call for Fathers / Portrait Session 
 
 
 
 Media and News 
 
 One “Proud Poppa” on a mission to get fathers more involved 
 
 
 
 About 
 
 The Founder and Executive Director 
 Volunteer 
 
 Write For Us 
 Grant Writer 
 
 
 Donate 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 Career and Economics 
 RSS feed for this section 
 This category contains 4 posts 
  South Fulton Ga Welcomes Poppa and Son Home-Improvement Franchise To The Community  
 Posted by  Proud Poppas United  ⋅ October 4, 2020 ⋅  Leave a comment 
 Warren Pegram and his stepson, Charlston Austin, have opened an Ace Hardware franchise in their neighborhood in the city of South Fulton, Georgia. It is one of the first hardware stores in their community. According to the City of South Fulton Observer, the new store is a great addition to the current retail lineup at the …  Continue reading -> 
  "In Home Banking" Documentary with Derrick Grace Two  
 Posted by  Proud Poppas United  ⋅ January 27, 2019 ⋅  Leave a comment 
 The "In Home Banking" documentary is officially releasing to the public. Following months of adversity, preparation, and challenges from the powers that be… It's here! From the concept, curriculum, to the board game.  Continue reading -> 
  Raising Black Boys As Superheroes  
 Posted by  Proud Poppas United  ⋅ April 21, 2015 ⋅  Leave a comment 
 By William Jackson Quote: “Once you learn to read, you will be forever free.” Frederick Douglass The importance of reading can never be a non-negotiable aspect in raising Black boys. The value of education is seen every day as people apply for jobs, starting careers, applying for entrance to higher education and the progression of academic …  Continue reading -> 
  Nigerian Quadruplets Graduate With Masters Degrees From UK University Same Day  
 Posted by  Proud Poppas United  ⋅ December 7, 2013 ⋅  Leave a comment 
 The 23 year-old set of Nigerian-born quadruplets, Tolu, Tokunbo, Tobi, and Temi, of the Ogunsanyas have all graduated from Warwick University in the United Kingdom on the same day with Master Degrees. The quads, two identical brothers and two identical sisters, donned their robes and collected their degrees from Warwick University yesterday and are now …  Continue reading -> 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 1,060 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Proud Poppas on Facebook 
 
 Proud Poppas on Facebook 
 
 Proud Poppas on Twitter 
 
 South Fulton Ga Welcomes Poppa and Son Home-Improvement Franchise To The Community   proudpoppasunited.wordpress.com/2020/10/04/sou… Join Proud Poppas United on Twitter!  3 months ago 
 Self Defense Class 1, The Basics - Intro Follow Up With Michael Jai White and Gillian Iliana Waters   proudpoppasunited.wordpress.com/2020/04/23/sel… Join Proud Poppas United on Twitter!  9 months ago 
 "Vibrations: Interview with Shahrazad Ali" | WFSU-TV (1991)  #blackrelationships   #manandwoman   #blacklove   #family    proudpoppasunited.wordpress.com/2020/02/26/vib… Join Proud Poppas United on Twitter!  11 months ago 
 Well done   facebook.com/ProudPoppas/po… Join Proud Poppas United on Twitter!  1 year ago 
  facebook.com/ProudPoppas/po… Join Proud Poppas United on Twitter!  1 year ago 
 
  Proud Poppas United  
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
