
 Role 
 Description 
 
 Like what you see? Apply Now or hit the back button to search additional career options. 
 Sales Representative-- 
 Apply Now 
 Power Home Remodeling is a company founded on equal parts hard work and positivity. We believe that “dream” and “achieve” are not mutually exclusive. And that philosophy has served us well in becoming Fortune Magazine’s #1 Workplace for Millennials and one of Glassdoor’s Best Places to Work. 
 90% of our executives begin their careers in entry-level positions at Power, because we recruit, train, and retain talented people with a desire to succeed. Power is more than a home remodeling company. Power is a dream realization, technology and innovation, community-advocacy, expectation-shattering, happiness-maximizing company that is dedicated to improvement, both for our customers, and ourselves. 
 Sales Representative 
A full-time W-2 outside sales position, your role will be to develop relationships with pre-qualified prospective and existing customers. 
 You are not responsible to generate your own leads. Prior to your first interaction with prospective customers, 75% of the legwork has been done for you. We have a very rigorous pre-qualification process that ensures we are putting our sales reps in the best possible position to succeed. 
 Your only focus has to be on your career. We only ask you to learn our primary product lines, stay true to your training and deliver a proven sales presentation to consumers that truly need what you offer. 
 Primary job responsibilities include: 
• Delivery of interactive sales presentations on eco-friendly, green products and services to decision makers 
• Participation in ongoing sales training and coaching camps on a weekly basis 
• Team building and mentorship 
• Strategic presentation development 
 Qualifications  : 
 
 Highly developed interpersonal, organizational and communication skills 
 Ability to speak publicly with confidence and poise 
 Keen sense of self-motivation, dignity and resolve 
 Ability to work both independently and collaboratively 
 Naturally relational and articulate individual who thrives in human interaction 
 Previous sales experience preferred 
 BA/BS preferred 
 
 Salary and Benefits: 
 
 $75,000-90,000 average first-year compensation 
 State-of-the-art training and technology 
 Monthly opportunities for performance-based rewards, such as luxury vacations, high-end electronics, gift cards and tickets to concerts and events 
 Full medical, dental, life and disability insurance plans that can be tailored to your specific needs and the needs of your family 
 Paid Parental Leave 
 Free health screenings 
 Rewards for participation in wellness programs 
 Ample paid vacation and holidays 
 A comprehensive 401(k) retirement savings program, matched by Power 
 Access to the latest technology, such as laptops, smart phones and tablets that will help you reach your earnings goals faster and more efficiently 
 A robust social program filled with events, and activities, including a company trip to a tropical destination for you and a significant other 
 Opportunity at unprecedented professional and personal growth 
 
 Power is a people-first company that values the uniqueness of every individual within our walls. We are committed to growing the organization by hiring, training, and promoting all people equally, regardless of race, religion, skin color, national origin, sex, disability, age, sexual identity, veteran status and other protected classes. Through equal access to education and mentorship, we aim to bridge the gap between their current potential and their future excellence, creating an environment of shared knowledge and experiences where everyone is afforded the opportunity to succeed and grow based on the merit of their hard work and results. We foster a safe community in which the mixing of mixing of cultures, beliefs, and backgrounds is encouraged and supported because we believe that what makes each of us different makes the whole stronger. Through championing the success of diverse individuals, both within our walls and outside of them, we aim to show the world that diversity is an asset and inclusion is not a liability. That it makes our businesses, our communities, and our nations exponentially stronger. 
 Apply Now 
 Power Home Remodeling Group is an equal opportunity employer and we are committed to hiring a diverse and talented workforce. 
 ** 
 Thanks again for your interest in PHRG. 
 ** 
 PHRG is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to diversity in our workspace. 
 © Copyright 2021 PHRG - All rights reserved. 
