Geeky Girl, Growing Up 
 What do you mean I have to grow up? 
 Menu Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Identify Yourself! 
 
 
 I Applied For A Big Girl Job Today, And I Got Rejected For A Big Girl Job Today 
 Leave a reply 
 I got an e-mail from my school telling us about an editing/writing position with a travel research magazine, or something along those lines. And even though I have an internship for the Fall, I applied. Don't get me wrong, I told them about my predicament, so I'm rather sure I didn't get the job. But already I see a reply sitting in my inbox, just waiting for me to click it. 
 And I'm not sure I can bring myself to do it. 
 It's not my dream job, but it's not bad. The pay is okay (less than my boyfriend makes, but he works for the government, which isn't too bad of a job), and it'd be a job writing. But I doubt I got it. Because the timing's not right. And they responded too quickly. 
 Here, look at this cute picture of my dog swimming in a lake while I read the e-mail: 
 
 Many thanks for your interest. We have offered the position to another individual, but we will retain your resume for future openings. 
 Hmmmm. Not sure I believe that (that last part, I totally believe they hired someone else). But that's okay. That means two things. One: I probably should have applied sooner  (lesson learned?)  and two: something else will come along. My boyfriend got passed up for two internships before he finally got his (with the same office), and now he's the only intern who was offered a full time job. Sometimes stuff just works out. So I don't feel too bad. 
 Plus, I'm super qualified to be a leasing agent, and while that's not my dream career either, it's a pretty easy job to get while I'm looking for  the right one . And a discount on rent is like, the best discount ever. Suck it, people who work at ice creameries! 
 Just kidding. Don't suck it. I'm super jealous of your discounts, if you get them. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Email 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 This entry was posted in  (Novice) Career Woman ,  Writing  on  May 20, 2013  by  Kayla . 
 Post navigation 
 <- Making a Summer To-Do List   I've Always Hated Paying Bills -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Welcome! 
 Thanks so much for checking out Geeky Girl, Growing Up! Please make yourself at home. Lurk, comment, become my online bff, whatever floats your boat! 
 Let's Save the World 
 
 Dream Big, Bark Loudly – Animal Rescue Blog 
 
 All my stuff (organized just for you!) 
 
 (Novice) Career Woman 
 DIY 
 Love Your (Ever Changing) Body 
 Mental Health 
 Open Letters 
 Roaring Twenties 
 Self-Improvement 
 The World Around Me 
 Ummmm Miscellaneous? 
 Writing 
 
 Follow Painting the Silver Lining 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Let's Do This! 
 Archives 
 
 August 2015 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 December 2012 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
