Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Wildlife Biologist 
 Wood 
 __Calgary, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Overview / Responsibilities 
 Wood has an immediate, permanent employment opportunity for a Wildlife Biologist in Calgary, AB. The successful candidate will join our wildlife team working on a broad range of resource development projects in western and northern Canada. 
 The successful candidate will work within the wildlife group under the supervision of the lead wildlife biologist. Primary responsibilities will be to provide support on a wide variety of projects as delegated by the lead wildlife biologist. This will involve the following: 
 Conducting general and species-specific wildlife surveys, including for Species at Risk 
Working in remote locations for 1 to 2 weeks 
Data entry and analysis 
Writing wildlife assessments and other technical reports 
Proposal writing and budget management 
Skills / Qualifications 
 The position requires that the successful candidate has a solid technical and / or academic background which includes: 
 Education:  B.Sc. in appropriate discipline and/or advanced degree 
Strong technical writing skills 
Strong statistical analysis skill 
Strong wildlife identification skills, especially for birds (visual and auditory) 
Be able to recognize wildlife behavior and habitats 
A good understanding of the regulatory requirements for wildlife assessments at both the provincial (Alberta) and federal level 
Field experience with wildlife surveys 
Willingness to travel outside of Calgary, work flexible hours including field work under a variety of conditions, and shift work 
 Preference will be given to candidates with the following: 
A person with 5-15 years of experience (however, a person with >15 years of experience would also be considered for a Senior Wildlife Biologist position) 
Experienced in the analysis of large datasets 
Experience with data analysis software (i.e., R) 
Experience setting-up, managing, and conducting querries on databases such Access 
Company Overview 
 Wood is a global leader in the delivery of project, engineering and technical services to energy and industrial markets. We operate in more than 60 countries, employing around 60,000 people, with revenues of over $10 billion. We provide performance-driven solutions throughout the asset life cycle, from concept to decommissioning across a broad range of industrial markets, including the upstream, midstream and downstream oil & gas, power & process, environment and infrastructure, clean energy, mining, nuclear, and general industrial sectors. www.woodplc.com 
 Diversity Statement 
 We are an equal opportunity employer that recognises the value of a diverse workforce. All suitably qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment on the basis of objective criteria and without regard to the following (which is a non-exhaustive list): race, colour, age, religion, gender, national origin, disability, sexual orientation, gender identity, protected veteran status, or other characteristics in accordance with the relevant governing laws. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
