
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to primary sidebar 
 Skip to footer 
 
 These 10 Industries Hire The Most Remote Workers.  FREE Guide. Close Top Banner 
 Additional menu 
 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Work From Home Happiness 
 Actionable Advice from Ashlee Anderson 
 
 Career Coaching 
 
 30-Minute Career Q & A 
 60-Minute Career Clarity & Direction 
 Resume Writing 
 The Effortless Remote Job Search 
 
 
 Career Paths
 
 Bookkeeper 
 Content Marketer 
 Medical Billing & Coding 
 Medical Transcription & Editing 
 Proofreader 
 Transcription 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Writer 
 
 
 Resources 
 Now Hiring 
 Blog 
 About 
 
 Newsletter Sign Up 
 Get In Touch 
 Disclosure Statement 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Start Here. 
 
 6 Biggest Mistakes Remote Job Seekers Make (And What To Do Instead) 
 July 12, 2020 by  Ashlee Anderson   3 Comments 
 __Tweet 2 
 __Pin 19 
  __Share 44 
  __Share 
 65 Shares 
 Job search mistakes happen. You don't do them on purpose but they're harmful nonetheless. 
 As a Certified Professional Career Coach that specializes in remote work, I regularly guide lost job seekers. Too often, they come to me after they've tried (and failed) to find remote work on their own. 
 Sound familiar? 
 If so, you might be making these remote job search mistakes. Don't worry, once you know what they are, you can easily fix them. The sooner you do, the easier your remote job search becomes. 
 1. They Don't Focus Their Search 
 There are a lot of  benefits to remote work . Time and money saved are just two of the obvious ones. But, don't forget about the all-important 'happiness factor.' That is,  studies repeatedly show  that remote workers = happier workers. I didn't name this blog Work From Home Happiness for nothing! It's no wonder, then, job seekers want to kick their cubicles to the curb -- and fast. 
 But, this quick strategy often backfires and would-be remote workers cast their net too wide. They look for any and all remote jobs instead of focusing on specific jobs they're qualified for and actually want to do. 
 I work with dozens of career coaching clients monthly. The one thing most of them have in common? They apply to any and every remote job under the sun but can't get hired. 
 Remember,  remote job searches are not a numbers game . Job seekers are better off applying to fewer jobs that they are well qualified for and interested in doing. I call this determining your remote work type. 
 When you determine your remote work type, your remote job search suddenly becomes more clear. With greater clarity, comes more progress. And, well, this progress brings interviews and offers. 
 Need help determining your remote work type? Sign up for my  Career Clarity Power Hour . In just one hour, we will work together to determine your remote work type, identify transferable skills, career paths, and appropriate job titles. 
 2. They Look In The Wrong Places 
 Big-name job boards are great for local job searches. Remote job searches? Not so much. That's because traditional job boards often list office jobs as remote-friendly when they're not. Unsuspecting job searchers spend precious time and effort on a job application only to ultimately find it wasn't remote after all. 
 Similarly, looking for remote work on sites like Craigslist or Facebook can be a waste of time too. Often, scammers will prey on job seekers here and promise work-from-home riches for a small upfront investment or fee. (More on that in a minute). 
 Of course, these aren't real remote jobs from legitimate companies. They are nothing more than scams. Period. 
 I always recommend you stick to  niche job boards  and LinkedIn. If I can find literally hundreds of job leads on a handful of sites, you can too! 
 3. They Don't Optimize Their Resumes 
 A single remote job can receive hundreds of applications. One recruiter can't possibly sift through them all on their own. 
 That's why most mid-size and large companies rely on Applicant Tracking Systems (ATS) to do the heavy-lifting for them. 
 ATS is able to scan through hundreds of resumes in a matter of seconds and find the best matches for the job. 
 But, how does a computer know which applicants are a good fit and which aren't? 
 Keywords! 
 That's right. The ATS scans your resume for keywords. If yours has the right ones, you're put in the 'yes' pile. If not, your resume is discarded and never even see by a real person. 
 Most remote job seekers  do not  optimize their resume. Instead, they send the same carbon copy out to every single job they apply to. Sure, they apply to dozens of jobs a day. But, in the end, they don't get callbacks or interview requests. Remember, remote job searches are all about quality over quantity. 
 Yes, it takes longer to  keyword optimize your resume . But, it pays off in the long run with a shorter job search and greater job offers! 
 4. They Don't Prepare For Remote Work In Advance 
 Hiring managers want to know you're ready for remote work BEFORE they hire you. That means you need to prepare in advance for remote work. 
 To do this, set up your home office. Make sure you have high-speed internet. Learn how to use common apps and tools like Google Docs and Slack. 
 The more you know about remote work, the better. In fact, during the interview process, you will get asked about your ability to work remotely. There are  common interview questions specific to remote workers . 
 Prepare answers in advance to position yourself a great remote worker. A ready-to-go home office and knowledge of remote work is invaluable in your job search. 
 5. They Fall for MLM and Pyramid Schemes 
 We know how awesome remote work is. So awesome, in fact, that some people will do anything to kick their cubicle to the curb -- including falling for MLM or pyramid schemes. 
 I've made it my mission to help job seekers avoid these work-from-home scams. Multi-level marketing and pyramid schemes rely on recruiting to make money. You pay a fee to get started and then try to recruit others. 
 The more people in your 'down line' the more you earn. Hence why those on the top are the ones that make money. Everyone else in the pyramid struggle to turn a profit as they endlessly recruit others. 
 There are a lot of #bossbabes on Facebook. They make their "business" seem like a dream. You earn a ton of money for little work. All you have to do is pay an upfront fee to get started. 
 Sounds too good to be true, right? That's because it is. 
 Please check out  r/antimlm  for more advice to spot and avoid pyramid schemes. 
 6. They Aren't Organized 
 Job searches are tough. Remote job searches are harder. A remote job search can easily get away from you. The best way to combat this is to be organized. 
 Keep track of all the jobs you apply to. A simple spreadsheet can accomplish this. Note where you found the job, the position title, contact information and how you applied (ATS, direct email). 
 The average remote job search takes 5-7 months. In that time, you will apply to hundreds of jobs. It is impossible to keep track of them all in your head. Get in the habit of tracking your applications now. This simple step helps you feel in control instead of endlessly spinning your wheels. 
 You should also create an email address you use exclusively for job search activities.  Gmail is free  to use and comes with bonus apps that remote teams commonly use. You can even use this email address to receive job alerts. Now all your job search activities are conveniently housed in one (searchable) location. 
 Remote Job Search Help 
 Stuck in your job search? No clue where to start? I'm here to help! My popular coaching service, Career Clarity Power Hour, is available. 
 This one-hour career coaching session is perfect for job seekers who: 
 
 Want to focus their job search 
 Have no idea where to start 
 Are lost or feel stuck 
 Need remote-friendly career ideas 
 
 All sessions come with a custom 10-page action plan. The action plan includes career paths, job titles, and specific tips for you. 
 Get your bonus guide for free now! 
 Ready to learn more? Visit  Career Clarity Power Hour today . 
 __Tweet 2 
 __Pin 19 
  __Share 44 
  __Share 
 65 Shares 
 Filed Under:  Find A Remote Job ,  Online Job Search  Tagged With:  job search mistakes ,  remote job search mistakes 
 About Ashlee Anderson 
 Ashlee Anderson is a Certified Professional Career Coach (CPCC) specializing in remote work. She's on a mission to help job seekers ditch their daily commute in favor of telecommuting. 
 Reader Interactions 
 Comments 
 
 Kat Lewis  says 
 
 August 16, 2020 at 3:49 pm 
 Hi Ashley, 
 So, when it comes to Applicant Tracking Systems, are you referring to the online resume submission process ? When I apply for a job online - through their website - fill out their 'application' form and attach my resume, is this where the ATS kicks in ? 
 
 Ashlee Anderson  says 
 
 August 17, 2020 at 9:57 am 
 Hey Kat! You got it. When you attach your resume to an online form and hit submit, that's when your resume is passed to the ATS. From there, employers will search for candidates using the ATS. For example, an employer might search for resumes that have the keywords "customer service" "help desk" or "graphic design." They use these keywords to help them narrow down the pool of applicants to a much more manageable number. 
 Happily, 
 Ashlee Anderson, CPCC 
 Trackbacks 
 
 Weekly Roundup - July 15, 2020 | CloserIQ Blog  says: 
 
 July 15, 2020 at 10:33 am 
 […] Biggest Mistakes Remote Job Seekers (Ashlee Anderson on the Work From Home Happiness blog) […] 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. 
 Comment 
 Name 
 Email 
 Website 
 Primary Sidebar 
 Hi. I'm Ashlee. 
 Ashlee Anderson is a Certified Professional Career Coach (CPCC) specializing in remote work. She's on a mission to help job seekers ditch their daily commute in favor of telecommuting.  Read More… 
 
 
 
 
 Work with Me 
 
 Browse Around 
 Search this website 
 Footer 
 Search this website 
 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 (C) 2021 *  Work From Home Happiness  *  Privacy Policy 
