Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Clinical Assistant 
 Shoppers Drug Mart 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
770 Lawrence Ave West, Toronto, Ontario, M6A 3C6 
 Join a locally owned and operated store to help deliver health, beauty and convenience services in your community, and keep the customer at the centre of everything you do. 
 Why this role is important? 
 The medical clinic administrator supports the operations of the clinic and healthcare providers through the provision of all duties related to the functional running of the medical clinic, and is the first point of contact for patients. 
 What you’ll do: 
Handle calls from patient/families, referring physicians with diplomacy, courtesy and efficiency; triage patient calls; updates patient electronic charts, keeping accurate records of all chart activity when requested. 
Receive patients and welcome them into the clinic 
Comfortable triaging patients when necessary 
Liaises with patients/families, physicians and various groups to arrange and confirm clinical and diagnostic appointments, completing appropriate forms/requisitions; books appointments, triages referrals, and handles all arrangements arising from clinical and patient activities. 
 Preparation and running of a clinic which includes:  entering patient info accurately into an EMR, ensuring patients have valid OHIP coverage or 3rd party billing (confirming this upon their arrival), receiving patients in a clinic, accepting payment for non-OHIP covered procedures, and post-clinic, collecting bills to be received 
Thorough understanding of EMR, ensuring quality data input which includes but will not be limited to: 
Reviewing EMR database to ensure up-to-date information in address book. 
File faxes electronically 
Review and respond to incoming emails regarding clinic appointments. 
Respond to electronic requests for appointments in a timely fashion. 
Assists patients in the use of new technology within the clinic. 
Assist physicians and patients/families in filling out forms for insurance, medical forms, Ministry of Health, travel, etc. 
Assist in coverage of various shifts/hours during vacations, illness, workload and training of new staff members, if necessary. 
Encourages atmosphere of knowledgeable, friendly and helpful concern for patients; interacts appropriately with co-workers and other employees to establish good working relations. 
Other duties as assigned 
 What you’ll need: 
Previous experience working in a medical clinic, ideally a family practice clinic (minimum 1 year) 
Outstanding customer service skills & ability to consistently produce positive interactions with patients 
Proficient in Outlook with working knowledge of an Electronic Medical Record (EMR) preferably Accuro 
Excellent phone and in-person demeanor and friendly, emphatic personality 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
Good multi-tasker 
Highly organized, detailed-oriented with strong people skills 
Ability to work well as a team as well as minimal supervision 
 Work Hours: 
Flex schedule – day, weekends and evenings 
 Why work in a Shoppers Drug Mart store? 
 Each store has an Associate-Owner, so you will work for a local business owner while having the support of a national brand. Benefit from a purchase discount program, flexible and varied schedules, competitive pay and online learning through SDMU. 
 Take ownership of your work and find more ways to care about your patients, co-workers, customers and community. 
 Associate Owners in the Shoppers Drug Mart network recognize Canada's diversity as an opportunity to better serve their communities, and strive to reflect the nation’s evolving diversity in the products they sell, the people they hire, and the culture they create in their stores. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants and colleagues with disabilities. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
