Skip to content 
 An online platform for businesses to interact with their future workforce 
 
 Inspire Southeast Wisconsin 
 Menu 
 
 What is the Inspire Online Platform? 
 
 Career-based learning experiences 
 
 
 Employers 
 
 Company login 
 FAQs for Employers 
 Enroll your Company 
 
 
 Career Coaches 
 
 Become a Career Coach 
 Career Coach login 
 
 
 Educators 
 
 FAQs for Educators 
 Educator Login 
 
 
 M7 Regional Talent Partnership 
 
 Contact 
 News 
 Talent Development Strategy 
 Regional Talent Stats 
 
 
 
 Employers 
 Ignite student interest in careers at your company 
 The INSPIRE online platform provides a central hub where students and educators can interact with local employers and career coaches. Managed by the M7 Regional Talent Partnership (RTP), this easy to use online tool allows employers to create company profiles to: 
 
 Describe their business; 
 Highlight their unique attributes; and 
 Communicate areas of need to future talent. 
 
 Through their online profile, employees within companies volunteer to answer company and career-related questions through message boards. Students and educators learn about opportunities such as tours, job shadows, summer employment, internships and apprenticeships. 
 Employer benefits include: 
 
 Getting in front of young people and their influencers earlier 
 Offering a low-risk way for companies and young people to “test drive” a potential employment match 
 Access to a pool of skilled and motivated potential employees 
 Facilitating work-readiness that can reduce training/recruiting costs of new employees 
 Generating positive publicity for careers in industries like manufacturing, engineering and technology 
 Promote careers that are available in Southeast Wisconsin and help students realize the opportunities in their own community 
 Expand your recruiting pool for summer job/intern programs and entry-level positions 
 Bridge the skills gap of students coming out of high school by communicating what the real world work needs 
 Partnerships with local school districts, tech colleges and universities that provide a pipeline of future talent 
 
 Join INSPIRE Southeast Wisconsin and start growing your talent pipeline today! 
 
 Inspire levels the playing field for students in schools without robust community/business partnerships and provides an instant, easy starting point for educators seeking those key relationships. 
 Experiences Count 
Career-based experiences offered by businesses help attract, develop and retain young people ages 11-24 in area middle and high schools, technical colleges and universities. It doesn’t end when someone graduates or is hired but continues into the workplace to include onboarding, mentoring and on-the-job skills development. 
 Are you an employer that: 
 
 Has a location in Southeast Wisconsin 
 Understands the need for a long-term and proactive approach to talent attraction, development, and retention 
 Current provides (or is interested in providing) career-based learning experiences for 11-24 year-olds. 
 Will use the online Inspire Southeast Wisconsin tool to connect with students through career discussion boards, company profiles and career-based learning experiences. 
 
 Leveraging Inspire to develop future talent 
As a GROW HERE partner using Inspire, an important first step is to identify why you are using the software. Then you can utilize the features to help achieve your company goals. 
 To assist, we have created a list of common company goals broken down by talent development and community engagement categories. 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Search for: 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 M7 Talent Partnership 
 756 N. Milwaukee St., Ste. 400 
Milwaukee, WI 53202 
 414.287.4100 
 Mon-Fri: 8:30am - 4:30 pm 
 Contact the M7 Regional Talent Partnership 
 756 N. Milwaukee St., 4th Floor 
Milwaukee, WI 53202 
 414/287-4100 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 %d bloggers like this: 
