  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Tonbridge 
 Rate:  £30k - 40k per year 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 School Nurse 
 Registered Nurse 
 
 Location - Tonbridge 
 Term time only!! 
 Exceptional selective Girls School 
 
 Criteria 
 
 NMC PIN 
 Passion for providing the best possible care 
 School Nurse experience, but not essential 
 
 Benefits 
 
 Great rates of pay. 
 Progression and Development opportunities 
 Supportive, team environment 
 
 Responsible for, but not limited to the following: 
 
 Planning nursing care for some children with health conditions 
 Undertaking health assessments of pupils who become unwell 
 Administering prescribed medications and record all information in accordance with NMC practices. 
 Liaising with fellow professionals, educational staff and parents/carers, with the aim of providing a high level of service and striving to continually improve and evaluate the quality of the service. 
 
 This is a fantastic opportunity for a Registered Nurse who does not want to work  long shifts or nights to join an established and well respected School and really make a difference to the lives of young people. 
 If you require any more information, do not hesitate to get in touch with Tom at Nurse Seekers on 01926 676369 for more details. 
 Nurse Seekers are always seeking RGNs RMNs RNLDs for posts all over the UK. 
 If you are currently seeking a post as a Home Manager, Clinical Lead or Deputy Manager or in any other capacity then please send your CV to us along with your requirements and we will endeavour to find the right position for you. 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  Permanent 
 
 
 Rate:  £30k - 40k per year 
 
 
 Location:  Tonbridge 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Medical 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Nurse Seekers 
 
 
 Contact:  Chris Bradbury 
 
 
 Tel:  01926 676369 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Reference:  S1885 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-02 17:18:15 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Nurse Seekers  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Nurse Seekers 
 
 Care Assistant 
 Care Assistant 
 Care Assistant 
 Care Assistant 
 Care Assistant 
 Home Care Assistant 
 Home Care Assistant 
 Anaesthetic Nurse 
 Night Nurse 
 Qualified Nurse 
 Nursing Home Manager 
 RGN Qualified Nurse 
 Support Worker 
 Registered Nurse 
 Registered Nurse - Private Hospital 
 Non-Medical Prescriber Deputy Manager RMN or RGN 
 Registered Nurse RGN or RMN 
 Registered Nurse 
 School Nurse 
 Registered Nurse 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
