  
 Open Menu 
 
 Solutions
 
 Analytics 
 Back-office Support 
 Business Continuity 
 Customer Care 
 Sales and Growth 
 Security 
 Technology 
 
 
 Industries
 
 Energy 
 Financial 
 Healthcare 
 Telecom and Media 
 Retail 
 Travel 
 
 
 Resources 
 
 Blogs 
 Articles 
 Collateral 
 E-Book 
 Infographic 
 Success Stories 
 Video 
 
 
 Company
 
 About Us 
 Careers 
 Leadership 
 Newsroom 
 Responsibility 
 
 
 Contact 
 Work at Home __ 
 
 __  < Newsroom 
 
 Newsroom 
 About Us 
 Leadership 
 Responsibility 
 Brand Assets 
 
 Press Release 
 January 17, 2018 
 Working Solutions Ranks #10 in FlexJobs’ 100 Top Companies With Remote Jobs 
 Company among Top 10 for Third Straight Year 
 DALLAS, Texas (January 17, 2018)  – Working Solutions, a recognized leader in on-demand contact center solutions, ranks high in FlexJobs’ 2018 Top 100 Companies for remote work. Four years running, the company made the list—with its third consecutive year honored in the Top 10. 
 “The on-demand, remote workforce model benefits workers and businesses,” believes Kim Houlne, founder and chief executive of Working Solutions. 
 “First, it offers flexibility for workers, who are independent contractors. And second, it affords scalability for companies, with a fast-flex workforce. We first recognized these benefits more than 20 years ago.” 
 Out of 49,000 businesses evaluated, the annual list is comprised of companies offering the highest number of remote-job listings in the FlexJobs 2017 database. Included are part-time and full-time jobs for telecommuting. 
 “Remote workforces are gaining momentum across the country,” said Houlne. “Smart companies, which know how to use them well, are taking advantage.” 
 The FlexJobs recognition reinforces that Working Solutions continues to be at the forefront of this shift for workers, companies and their customers. 
 Houlne said: “Workers today want their freedom. Businesses need to be fluid, not bound by brick and mortar. And customers expect responsive service. 
 “Remote work offers everyone a mobile, modern model. Why settle for less?” 
 
 To view the complete list visit  100 Top Companies with Remote Jobs in 2018 
 For more information on Working Solutions visit  jobs.workingsolutions.com 
 
 Working Solutions 
 Twenty-two years ago, Working Solutions began as an idea that sparked an entire industry—on-demand contact center outsourcing. With clients across North America, the company today is a recognized leader in distributed business process solutions. Its virtual network of more than 110,000 registered agents handles sales, customer care and tech support. To learn more, visit  www.workingsolutions.com. 
 Contact: 
 Springfield Lewis 
Communications Director 
slewis@workingsol.com 
Ph: (972) 964-4800 x334 
 Melissa Rubin 
BizCom Associates 
Melissa@BizComPR.com 
Ph: (214) 306-7421 
 This Might Interest You... 
 
 Read More 
 
 Call Center Security Tips 
 
 Read More 
 
 Rising to #4 on FlexJobs’ 2021 Top 100 Companies 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 With 24 years of success, Working Solutions is a recognized leader in on-demand, onshore contact center outsourcing. 
 From across the U.S. and Canada, our workforce of sales, service and tech-support experts elevate customer care and improve business results. 
 
 Privacy 
 Careers 
 Responsibility 
 Private Resources 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 Working Solutions LLC 
 Contact 
