Skip to content 
 
 Karen Walsh career coaching 
 Supporting successful and rewarding careers for managers and professionals 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Career coaching 
 About 
 Blog 
 Contact 
 
 Career coaching 
 
 Feeling stuck, uncertain? 
 Feeling burnt out, forced out or fed up and want out? 
 Want to make a big decision and be confident it is right for you? 
 Want support in taking the next step of your career? 
 
 Coaching can help you make the best decision and plan with confidence for a successful and rewarding career 
 Why coaching? 
 
 be confident in your decisions and feel energised about the next stage of your career 
 save significant amounts of time, money and emotional strain that might be wasted with the wrong career decision 
 identify options you might never have thought about before 
 feel safe with the confidential support of someone who believes in you. 
 
 Is coaching for me? 
 Coaching works best for people 
 
 with a strong motivation to change 
 with time to think and do some work outside coaching sessions 
 who prepared to do things differently, even if it feels uncomfortable at the start 
 
 Why coaching with Karen Walsh? 
 
 Karen has over 25 years of work experience in a variety of roles and  successfully made big changes in career direction. This gives you the re-assurance that Karen understands where you’re coming from. 
 A qualified coach means that you are assured that you will get good quality coaching which is more likely to deliver you the results that will make a difference 
 Identify the obstacles to success and mobile personal resources that will enable you to achieve the success you deserve. 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Share 
 
 
 
 Email 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 Reddit 
 
 
 Pocket 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Website Powered by WordPress.com . 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
