  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Grays, England 
 Rate:  Up to £38 per hour + Umbrella Ltd dependant on experience/qu 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Environmental Health Officer 
 My client, a local authority based in Essex is looking for an Environmental Health Officer - Food/Infectious Disease/Test & Trace to join their team. 
 This is a full time, temporary ongoing agency contract and the successful candidate must have a Degree/Diploma in Environmental health, registration with the EHRB, experience with disease control and ideally extensive experience in local authority/public sector roles. 
 The main purpose of the role is to undertake food hygiene/premises inspections, to assist with test & trace and to undertake infectious disease control works on behalf of the client. 
 The successful candidate will be able to demonstrate the following competencies/attributes; 
 Degree/Diploma in Environmental Health 
Full EHRB registration 
High levels of expertise in Public Health understanding and competence 
Experience of conducting risk assessments and health and safety inspections 
Good knowledge of Health & Safety legislation and issues involved with sites 
A minimum of 2 years' recent experience in food safety & standards work to meet the requirements of the FSA CoP 
Experience of undertaking high risk food safety inspections, food enforcement, and undertaking complex food investigations. 
Fully aware of principles of infection control 
 The client is looking to move quickly with appointing to this position and as such, are offering £38 p/hr Umbrella Ltd (approx. 
 £880 NET p/week after deductions) for the duration of the role. 
 If this position sounds of interest, please email a copy of your up to date CV to jamal.cantwell@servicecare.org.uk or call Jamal at Service Care Construction on 01772 208967. 
 Not interested in this role but know somebody who could be? Refer a friend to SCConstruction and receive up to £250 referral bonus! 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  Ongoing 
 
 
 Rate:  Up to £38 per hour + Umbrella Ltd dependant on experience/qu 
 
 
 Location:  Grays, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Construction 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208967 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2021-01-05 14:41:40 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Repairs Administrator 
 Mobile Cleaner 
 Street Scene Operative 
 Senior Digital Forensic Specialist, Cell Site Analysis (Police) 
 Registered Manager - Short Break's Centre 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse - York 
 Family Paralegal 
 Covid-19 Project Manager 
 Health and Safety Advisor 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Mental Health Support Worker  
 Joiner 
 Support Worker  
 Reablement Support Worker 
 Electrical Inspector 
 Electrical Technical Officer 
 Technical Officer 
 Food Safety Manager 
 Environmental Health Manager 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
