Skip to content 
 
 T Dan Baker for Congress 
 Walk the talk 
 Menu + × expanded collapsed 
 
 Who is T Dan? 
 TDan's Platform 
 
 Improved Race Relations via: 
 Reduced Corporate Influence in Government via: 
 Less Interventionist Foreign Policy: 
 Climate Change Renaissance (green jobs = reduced crime): 
 
 
 Video Gallery 
 District 7's concerns 
 Contact 
 
 Climate Change Renaissance (green jobs = reduced crime): 
 • Establish the first all renewable energy municipality in the United States 
 In establishing the first all renewable energy municipality in District 7, what is required first and foremost is citizen and distributor incentives to convert from fossil fuel based electric supply to renewables only supply. To be clear, several outside companies have attempted this in District 7 in the past, but households remain hesitant to switch their electricity supply for fear of a mishap in billing or getting stuck with an incorrect increase in cost. *As a point of fact, renewable energy costs per kilowatt hour are typically 3 to 5 cents less than that of fossil fuel-based supply. 
 As Representative for District 7, I would work with local communities and all levels of Maryland state and local government: first, to identify the economic and environmental benefits of conversion to ‘renewables only’ for municipal electric supply; second, to move such popular initiatives forward while overcoming key roadblocks to making such a conversion successful; and third, to entreat and lobby the US Congress to provide support for this cutting edge, first of its kind, state and locally run, initiative. 
 • Train District 7’s unemployed in solar and wind turbine manufacturing, grid conversion, and systems installation 
 Developing a model for the “GREEN AMERICA” renewable energy employment initiative in District 7 will require integrated investment in both rural (solar array and wind turbine component manufacturing) and urban (grid conversion, electricity storage, and installation) development. To attract such investments will require incentives - for small and large businesses alike - in the form of favorable terms of land use and taxation so that existing and startup green manufacturing companies can in turn offer attractive and favorable terms to their employees. 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Follow Us 
 
 
  Twitter  
 
 
  Facebook  
 
 
  Instagram  
 
 
 Who is T Dan? 
 
 
 TDan's Platform 
 
 
 Video Gallery 
 
 
 District 7's concerns 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 T Dan Baker for Congress ,  Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
