WORK WITH INDIES beta 
 Browse Jobs 
 Art & Animation 
 Audio 
 Business & Operations 
 Design 
 Marketing & Community 
 Production 
 Programming 
 QA & CS 
 Writing 
 Post a Job 
 Back to all jobs See allArt & Animationjobs 
 3D Environment Artist 
 Drastic Games Apply for this Job 
 Posted 
 December 7, 2020 
 Full Time 
 Anywhere 
 Remote 
 Drastic Games is looking for an experienced 3D Environment Artist to help create spectacular, eye-catching, 3D environments. The ideal candidate should be able to create high-quality 3D assets in a timely fashion and work closely with Design to ensure models are modular and performant. 
 ‍ 
 What You Will Do: 
 
 Collaborate with concept artists and designers to create 3D environments 
 Design and work out details of modular systems of architecture for levels 
 Take responsibility for asset creation pipeline problem solving 
 Optimize final levels/environments for performance 
 
 ‍ 
 **Who We Think Will Be A Good Fit: 
** 
 
 2 or more years of experience (5+ preferred) in game development with an emphasis on environmental art or level architecture 
 Ability to mentor and lead other artists 
 Exceptional communication and time management skills 
 Ability to work remotely 
 Knowledge of 3D Studio Max, ZBrush, Substance Painter and Photoshop (or equivalents) 
 Recent use of industry-standard game editors 
 Ability to inspire and bring out talent in others 
 Attention to detail 
 Classic drawing or painting techniques with the ability to sketch out ideas on paper 
 Good sense of spatial composition and proportions 
 
 ‍ 
 Please send your portfolio to  info@drasticgames.com . We look forward to hearing from you. 
 ‍ 
 About Drastic Games 
 Drastic Games is a video game startup founded by alumni from Epic Games, devoted to pushing the bounds of small team development. Our core team packs enough punch to cause another mass extinction. In dark rooms, behind glowing keyboards, we’re unleashing a maelstrom of digital wizardry to put a smile on your face. 
 ‍ 
 About Soundfall 
 Soundfall is an  upbeat action/adventure game with music  at its core. **** Embark on a magnificent journey of friendship and discovery. Share in the adventure of a lifetime as you delve into forbidden dungeons, explore fantastic landscapes, and uncover the awesome power of music. 
 You play as  Melody, a talented young audiophile  mysteriously transported to Symphonia, a world where music comes to life. You’ll befriend endearing allies, wield powerful abilities and legendary weapons against a horde of malicious adversaries as you race to halt the return of an unfathomable darkness, Discord. 
 ‍ 
 Apply for this Job 
 related jobs 
 Lazy River is hiring a 3D Animator/Riggerto join their team into work fromAnywhere3D Animator/RiggerLazy River | AnywhereLearn More 
 uvula is hiring a 3D Environment Artistto join their team into work fromAnywhere3D Environment Artistuvula | AnywhereLearn More 
 inkle is hiring a Hand Drawn Animatorto join their team into work fromAnywhereHand Drawn Animatorinkle | AnywhereLearn More 
 KO_OP is hiring a 2D Background Artistto join their team into work fromCanada2D Background ArtistKO_OP | CanadaLearn More 
 Roboto Games is hiring a UI Artist/Generalistto join their team into work fromAnywhereUI Artist/GeneralistRoboto Games | AnywhereLearn More 
 Hipster Whale is hiring a UI/UX Artistto join their team into work fromAnywhereUI/UX ArtistHipster Whale | AnywhereLearn More 
 Indie games are wonderful. So are the people that make them. 
 Make wonderful games. Be wonderful people. Work With Indies. 
 Thank you for joining the Work With Indies newsletter! The next issue will arrive on Sunday. 
 Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again. 
 *Sign up to receive a weekly digest of new indie career opportunities. 
 WORK WITH INDIES 
 We’ve been lucky to have some incredible jobs working at and partnering with some of the biggest brands in video games. 
 But we’ve never had more fun and been more fulfilled than when we were working with indie game developers. 
 Everyone in games should have that much fun. 
 Our hope is that Work With Indies will connect job seekers with the most rewarding, most inspirational, and most fun jobs they've ever had. 
 NAVIGATION 
 
 Post a Job 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 RSS 
 Communities 
 Nick's Cat 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 
 nathan@workwithindies.com 
 twitter.com/workwithindies 
 facebook.com/workwithindies 
 
 ^ 
 Made by 
 @natethenate 
 and 
 @nsuttner 
 for people who 
 indie games. 
 © 2021  A Lot of Happy LLC 
