  
 Menu Bar 
 
 __ 
 
 Go 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Job Search 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 New Graduates 
 Job Sites & Resources 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 
 
 Networking 
 
 Networking Tips 
 Networking Etiquette 
 Networking Events 
 Social Media & Online Networking 
 Elevator Speech 
 Informational Interviews 
 Networking Mistakes 
 FAQ About Networking 
 
 
 
 Cover Letter 
 
 Cover Letter Tips 
 Cover Letter Format 
 Cover Letter Samples 
 Cover Letter Mistakes 
 FAQ About Cover Letter Writing 
 
 
 
 Resume 
 
 Resume Tips 
 Resume Format 
 Resume Template 
 Resume Samples 
 Customizing Your Resume 
 Resume Formatting 
 Ideas & Alternatives 
 Resume Mistakes 
 Resume Writers 
 FAQ About Resume Writing 
 
 
 
 Interview 
 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Questions 
 Interview Skills 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Mistakes 
 Follow Up Interview Email 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Career Advancement 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 Continuing Education 
 Productivity 
 Work Relationships 
 Work Environment 
 Work Life Balance 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 
 Go 
 
  Home   
  Resume   
  Resume Tips   
 Tips on How to Write a Dubai Resume (Also Referred to as a CV) 
 
 Tips on How to Write a Dubai Resume (Also Referred to as a CV) 
 by Meera S.P. 
 Most recruiters in Dubai refer to a  resume  or CV interchangeably. Since CV is more commonly used, this article will use the same terminology. 
 Length of Your CV 
 Employers in Dubai look for elaborate CVs. Your CV should be 2 pages and include pertinent information, as discussed later in this article. If you are applying for a senior-level position or if the circumstances warrant, you can extend your resume to 3 pages. Unlike in some parts of the world, notably the US, a one-page CV is probably too short. 
 Your Photo 
 You must include a photo on the top right-hand side of the first page of your CV. A professional passport size photograph with a grey or blue solid background is preferred. Make sure that you look professional and do not reveal your skin. Dubai is a Muslim country and their culture must be respected. 
 Contact Information and Personal Details 
 On the top left hand side of the first page of your CV, indicate your: 
 
 Name in full (as shown in your passport) 
 Phone number with your country code 
 Active email address 
 LinkedIn ID 
 
 Below your contact information, address the following: 
 
 Your gender 
 Your nationality 
 Your date of birth 
 Languages you are proficient in (English and Arabic are the languages in which business is conducted, but Hindi and Urdu are widely spoken) 
 Your current location 
 Your marital status and number of dependents (most companies provide free family accommodation, medical insurance coverage, and some even include your children’s educational expenses as part of your compensation package) 
 Your passport number and the expiry date 
 Your current visa status 
 Details of your driving license (if you hold a valid international driving license, that is a plus) 
 
 Profile Snapshot 
 Include a profile section highlighting your key strengths and value proposition. 
 Education 
 List your education in reverse chronological order. State the name of the degree in full (no abbreviations please), the university, the country, and the year you graduated. Make sure to be clear. The recruiter may not be familiar with the education system where you come from. 
 Employment Details 
 State your employment history in reverse chronological order. For each position, state your period of employment, the name of the company and the position title. Then, state your responsibilities and accomplishments. 
 Training, Workshops and IT Skills 
 Mention if you received training on the job and your IT qualifications. 
 Resume Center 
 
 Resume Tips 
 Resume Format 
 Resume Template 
 Resume Samples (300+) 
 Resume Customization 
 Resume Formatting 
 Resume Ideas 
 Resume Mistakes 
 FAQ About Resume Writing 
 Resume Writers 
 Action Verbs | A - Z 
 Action Verbs | Skills 
 
 Recommended Articles 
 
 How Your Brand Image Affects Your Earning Potential  
 Top Questions to Ask When Writing Your Resume  
 How to Avoid the Black Hole: Understand How Applicant Tracking Systems Work  
 Five Pragmatic Things You Can Do to Make Sure Your Resume Gets Seen by Hiring Managers  
 My Resume's Not Getting Me Interviews. What Am I Doing Wrong?  
 Five Ways to Make Your Resume Jump Off the Page  
 Tidy Up Your Resume: Tips for Streamlining Your Career Progression  
 
 FAQ 
 
 How to Write a Resume? 
 How to Avoid Having an Outdated Resume? 
 How Creative Should You Be When Writing Your Resume? 
 How to Create a Resume That Gets Results? 
 When to Include an Objective Statement? 
 How to Turn Around a Failing Resume? 
 How Long Should Your Resume Be? 
 How to Write a Good "Work Experience" Section? 
 
 Resume Center 
 
 Resume Tips 
 Resume Format 
 Resume Template 
 Resume Samples (300+) 
 Resume Customization 
 Resume Formatting 
 Resume Ideas 
 Resume Mistakes 
 FAQ About Resume Writing 
 Resume Writers 
 Action Verbs | A - Z 
 Action Verbs | Skills 
 
 Become a Contributor 
 We are always on the lookout for good writers. If you are a resume writer, career coach or human resources professional and would like to contribute, please  get in touch  and earn your badge! 
 Resume/Cover Letter Templates Download 
 × 
 EMAIL * 
 Send Close 
 Success Popup 
 × 
 Thank you for downloading the template! 
 Close 
 
 WorkBloom's goal is to help you find work and reach your highest aspirations, one step at a time. 
 Featured Resources 
 
 Resume Writing 101  __ 
 Over 300 Resume Samples  __ 
 Cover Letter Writing 101  __ 
 Over 200 Cover Letter Samples  __ 
 The Holland Codes / RIASEC  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Job Search Center  __ 
 Networking Center  __ 
 Cover Letter Center  __ 
 Resume Center  __ 
 Interview Center  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Career Center  __ 
 Students & New Graduates Center  __ 
 Contributors  __ 
 Contact Us  __ 
 
 Copyright © 2006-2020 | All Rights Reserved |  Privacy Policy 
 × 
 Send 
