
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Workforce50 Jobs 
 
 
 Job Seeker 
 
 General Job Search 
 Job Seeker Information 
 Favorite Employers in Education 
 Favorite Employers in Government 
 Favorite Employers in Healthcare 
 Favorite Employers in Insurance 
 Favorite Corporate Employers 
 
 
 
 Employer 
 
 
 Workforce50 LIBRARY 
 
 Résumés & Career Marketing 
 Optimizing LinkedIn for Job Search 
 Changing Careers & Job Transition 
 Think Like an Employer 
 Personal Finance Approaching Retirement 
 The Essentials of Medicare 
 Finding Meaning & Purpose 
 Building a Better Workforce 
 Federal Job Search 
 Military to Civilian 
 Exploring Franchising 
 Home Based Business Toolkit 
 Playing Hardball - Why Boomers Aren't Getting Jobs 
 Surefire Strategies for Midlife Job Seekers 
 Strategies to Build Self Confidence 
 Other Job Search Tips 
 Favorite Books about Midlife and Career 
 Book Reviews 
 Free Resources and Trade Publications 
 
 
 
 Careers 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 Gleaning Information from OPM.GOV Learn How to Pre-Qualify Yourself for a Federal Position 
 By  Diane Hudson Burns 
 The Office of Personnel Management's website (opm.gov) is a database full of information for federal job seekers, federal employees, and the general public. The OPM promotes the ideals of public service, advocates for innovative human resources practices, attracts and develops the best people for Federal service, and encourages professional development and recognition opportunities. 
 The United States Office of Personnel Management recruits, hires, and sets benefits policies for 1.9 million Federal civilian employees. Currently, OPM is working to fulfill President Obama's charge to "make government cool again" by developing flexible, results-oriented HR policies and working to change how Americans view their public servants. The Director's goal is to "build a workforce of dynamic innovators who put serving the American people at the heart of everything they do." 
 OPM Home Page 
The OPM Home Page provides links for federal job seekers, veterans, federal employees, retirees and families, HR practitioners and agencies, and news, press releases and events. For federal job seekers, the OPM site links to USAJOBS, where many of the federal vacancy announcements are posted, and where a federal job seeker can open a USAJOBS account and create a federally formatted resume. There are also links for students and scholarship opportunities. 
 Featured Sites 
The Featured Sites links include information on news and events including issues facing the nation like H1N1 flu; specific information about OPM; veterans information, and links for retirement, health benefits, and Recovery Jobs. 
 Salaries and Wages Link 
My favorite links, include the "Salaries and Wages" link that takes you to the current and previous years' wage tables for General Schedule (GS) employees including locality pay rates; Senior Executive Service, Administrative Law Judges, Special Rate Tables, and information on Pay Adjustments. The Salaries and Wages page also links to reports to Congress regarding federal pay and leave and other issues. 
 Federal Qualifications (https://www.opm.gov/qualifications/) 
To help understand the minimum qualifications for federal jobs, click on subject index (top bar on the home page), click on letter "Q" and move to Qualifications / Federal Classification and Job Grading Systems (https://www.opm.gov/fedclass/index.asp). Once on this page, you can easily navigate federal position classification standards for the jobs classified under federal occupational series. Each federal occupational series falls under a 4-digit code: 
 0000 - Miscellaneous Occupations Group 
0100 - Social Science, Psychology, and Welfare Group 
0200 - Human Resources Management Group 
0300 - General Administrative, Clerical, and Office Services Group 
0400 - Natural Resources Management and Biological Sciences Group 
0500 - Accounting and Budget Group 
0600 - Medical, Hospital, Dental, and Public Health Group 
0700 - Veterinary Medical Science Group 
0800 - Engineering and Architecture Group 
0900 - Legal and Kindred Group 
1000 - Information and Arts Group 
1100 - Business and Industry Group 
1200 - Copyright, Patent, and Trademark Group 
1300 - Physical Sciences Group 
1400 - Library and Archives Group 
1500 - Mathematics and Statistics Group 
1600 - Equipment, Facilities, and Services Group 
1700 - Education Group 
1800 - Inspection, Investigation, Enforcement, and Compliance Group 
1900 - Quality Assurance, Inspection, and Grading Group 
2000 - Supply Group 
2100 - Transportation Group 
2200 - Information Technology Group 
 Then, under each occupational series, you will find specific job titles. For example, under the miscellaneous 0300 series, positions range from Information Receptionist, Work Unit Supervisor, Administrative Officer, Telecommunications Specialist, to Equal Opportunity Compliance Officer, and many in-between, from clerical level to management level. 
 Once you scroll through the various occupational series and identify job titles that may look like a good fit with your experience and background, click on the PDF in the right column to read the Position Classification Standard for your selected position. This standard describes the minimum qualifications for a specific position within a specified occupational series. 
 This Position Standard, combined with the 'Duties' and 'Specialized Experience / Education' (including any 'Selective Factors', 'Knowledge, Skills and Abilities', or other specific requirements) listed on the vacancy announcement, presents the full scope of experience, credentials, and education required to qualify for a federal position. 
 A thorough analysis of a federal vacancy announcement and Position Standard from the OPM website, will help you determine a good fit position and occupation series as you seek federal employment. 
 Diane's Library 
 Federal Overview 
 Veterinarians and Curators in the Federal Government? Your Career Field Might Just be in the List. And tips for Applying to the Obama Administration. 
 How to Read a Federal Job Announcement 
 Drafting a Federal Resume 
 Top 5 Tips for Streamlining the Federal Resume Process 
 Are You Qualified? 
 Senior Executive Service Overview 
 Federal Employment Online Resources and Websites 
 CPOL (Civilian Personnel On-line) - US Army Employment Website 
 Navigating USAJOBS 
 Learn How to Pre-Qualify Yourself for a Federal Position 
 Federal Hiring Reform 
 Senior Executive Service 
 Get Your Degree! 
 Find schools and get information on the program that's right for you. 
 Powered by  Campus Explorer 
 Job Search Form    |    Write for Us    |    Contact    |    Privacy    |    Terms    |    About 
 (C) Copyright 2021 Prancing Dog Publications LLC 
 More on Facebook    |    More on Twitter    |    More on YouTube 
