
 Menu 
 
 HOME 
 WORK FROM HOME 
 
 __200+ Best Work From Home Jobs 
 __Virtual Assistant Jobs 
 __Proofreading Jobs 
 __Transcription Jobs 
 __Stay at Home Mom Jobs 
 __Online Tutoring Jobs 
 __Delivery Driver App Jobs 
 __Search Engine Evaluator Jobs 
 
 
 MAKE MONEY 
 
 __Make Money From Home 
 __Make Money Online With PayPal 
 __Proven Passive Income Ideas 
 __Make Extra Money From Home 
 
 
 EXTRA CASH 
 
 __Money Making Apps 
 __How To Make Money Doing Surveys 
 __USA Paid Online Surveys 
 __UK Paid Online Surveys 
 
 
 BLOG 
 
 20 Website Testing Jobs - Get Paid To Test Websites 
 Work From Home Jobs  December 17, 2020 
 This post may contain affiliate links. Please read our affiliate disclosure  to learn more. 
 0shares 
 
   
   
   
 
 
 Looking for the best website testing jobs? Want to get paid to test websites and apps? If yes, keep reading this article. 
 I am sure you have bumped into blogs, apps, and websites that are just unfriendly to use. I am also sure you have bumped into some that are just excellent and you had a great experience. 
 Poor navigability, crappy content, lack of clarity, and poor designs are some of the factors that make a website user-unfriendly. 
 What do you do when you bump into such websites and apps? My guess is you instantly leave and find another user-friendly website. 
 Now, this is one of a website owner's nightmares. No website owner or blogger wants visitors to leave their site for another. 
 To make sure websites and apps are user-friendly, and keep attracting visitors instead of repelling them, website owners hire a third party to give their views. The website owners will then use these reviews to improve the usability of their sites. 
 So, in simpler terms, website testing jobs entail giving reviews of websites, and sometimes app, to improve their usability. 
 If this sounds like something you would love to venture into, read this article to the last full stop. 
 How do I become a website tester? 
 To become a website tester, you will have to sign-up with the companies reviewed below. These companies will connect you to websites that need your opinions. 
 Some of the sites may require you to take a test. After your approval, you will be able to access website testing gigs. Follow the instructions of the sites and watch yourself make some money from website testing. 
 How much do website testers get paid? 
 What you earn as a website tester will depend on several factors. First, what you make will depend on the site you sign up on. Secondly, projects pay differently. So what you make will also depend on the project at hand. 
 If I was to approximate, most website tester jobs will pay approximately $10 per task. Such tasks may take you around 10-20 minutes to complete. Some website testing jobs may pay you up to $200. Such well-paying projects are often longer. They may take an hour or more to complete. 
 Alright, let us now look at companies where you can get paid to test websites. 
 Legitimate website testing jobs to make money 
 Don't forget:  15 Part-Time Weekend Jobs Online To Earn Extra Cash 
 1. UserTesting 
 UserTesting  is one of the most loved sites in the website testing field. You will need to ace a test before you can access the assignments. 
 Their tasks involve visiting sites and apps and give your opinions by recording an audio or video. You need to be able to express your opinions in proper English. You will receive $10 for a 20 minutes video you complete. You will receive your earnings via PayPal. 
 You will receive assignments depending on your demographic characteristics and ratings on the site. 
 They accept members from all over the world. 
 2. Respondent 
 Respondent  offers its members website testing jobs, paid surveys, and focus group studies. 
 To sign up on this site, you need to create an account using your email, Facebook, or LinkedIn. You will then fill a form showing your employment status, contact information, and demographic characteristics. 
 After your approval, you can start browsing their dashboard for projects. You will need to log in your account to find available projects 
 What you make on this site will vary depending on the project you take. Some projects may pay up to $100 for 60 minutes. An average test on this site takes approximately $30. 
 3. UserBrain 
 UserBrain  pays its members to complete a series of tests. Their tests involve using a screen recorder to record your visits to different apps and websites. 
 A regular test on this platform takes 5-15 minutes. Each test pays $3, via PayPal. You will receive your earnings weekly. They also let you ask for withdrawal once your balance hits $10. 
 4. Try My UI 
 Try My UI  allows you to air your opinions out loud concerning the usability of different sites and apps. What I love most about the site is you can take as many tests as you like. Furthermore, they will send you a couple of tests per week. The flow of tests to take on this platform is amazing. 
 A typical website testing on this platform takes approximately 20 minutes. You will earn $10 for each test you complete. 
 5. Testing Time 
 Testing Time  hires testers from all over the world. The testers on this platform give live testing sessions to the clients. You will need to install Skype on your computer because every study is conducted via Skype. 
 Most of their studies take 30-90 minutes and pay $50-$60. You will receive our payment after 5-10 days after the completion of the study. They pay via PayPal. 
 The best thing is that they are not after the experience. As long as you are reliable and punctual, you are good to get started with Testing Time. 
 Website testing jobs from home 
 You might also like:  15 Legit Get-Paid-To Sites To Earn Cash And Other Rewards 
 6. Userlytics 
 Userlytics  allows its members to get paid to test websites, prototypes, and apps. You will need to create an account with them, and wait for an invitation to take a test. You will need a microphone to complete the tests on this platform. 
 Most of the projects on this platform pay $10. However, the pay ranges from $5 to $90 depending on the scope of the project. 
 7. IntelliZoom 
 Intelli Z oom  is a company that hires testers to test the usability of websites and give their feedback. 
 A simple standard survey pays $2 to complete. A survey that involves the submission of a video pays $10. Most of the studies on this platform take 15-20 minutes to complete. You will receive your earnings after 21 days after completion of the test. 
 8. uTest 
 uTest  hires test to give opinions on different software and hardware. They boast of clients such as Google Amazon, and Netflix. 
 To get started, complete the application form on their site. This takes approximately 10 minutes. You will then have to take an audition test to showcase your tech ability. After this you will have to pass a testing assignment before you get started. 
 9. User Feel 
 User Feel  has tests that usually take 10-20 minutes. You will earn $10 per test. 
 Sign up on their page to get started. Be sure to go through their FAQ page to get a clear view of what to expect. 
 10. WhatUsersdo 
 To work as a tester on  WhatUsersdo , you need a MAC or a PC, a microphone, and a stable internet connection. 
 A typical test on this platform takes 15-20 minutes to complete. You will make $8 for every test completed. 
 More ways to get paid to test websites 
 You might also like:  21 Side Hustle Jobs To Make More Money In 2020 
 11. Test IO 
 Test IO  lets its members test websites, games, and apps for Money. You will have the privilege to test apps and games before they get to the market. 
 Reviewing websites on this platform can earn you up to $50. 
 Test IO pays monthly via PayPal, Skrill, Payoneer, or bank transfer. 
 12. PingPong 
 PingPong accepts testers from all over the world. They give their testers opportunities to give startups for new products and services. Their studies and testing are conducted via an online interview. 
 The interviews usually take 30-60 minutes. Form these interviews you can make anything between $20 and $200 depending with the project at hand. 
 They pay via Transerwise or PayPal. You will receive your earnings 7 days after the interview. 
 You must have a computer with a webcam to be able to access their opportunities. 
 13. Enroll 
 Enroll  allows you to test websites and apps before they are officially launched for public use. 
 You will love that they let you take tests on your phone, tablet, or computer. You will just have to specify which mode is the most suitable for you as you sign up. You can, therefore, take tests from wherever and whenever. 
 After you sign up, you will receive an invitation to test software. 
 The pay on this platform varies significantly. The time you spend on projects varies significantly too. For instance, you may bump into projects that may take you less than a minute. Such projects may earn you approximately $0.10. 
 Enroll pays via PayPal. 
 14. Validately 
 Validately  hires tester to complete website and mobile apps tests for companies. After you sign –up, you will have to feel a form that will show your demographic characteristic. You will be matched to tests that match your demographic characteristic. 
 You will love that they have a new test for their members almost daily. 
 What you earn on this site will depend on the projects. Most of their projects will earn you anything $10 and $100. 
 You will receive your payment within seven business days after completion of the test **.  ** 
 15. Think Sprint 
 Think Sprint is one of the best-paying sites when it comes to website testing. They will pay you $150 per hour to complete their assignments. You, however, must be what they are looking for. 
 You will have to tell them why you think you are their best fit. Just be sure to show how you can solve problems and how creative and inventive you are. You also need to show that you are business-minded and ready to learn to get accepted. 
 Other website testing jobs sites 
 16.  UserFeel 
 17.  User Interviews 
 18.  UserCrowd 
 19.  Checkealos 
 20.  Ferpection 
 Ready to ace these website testing jobs? 
 If you are looking to earn some money while working from home, consider venturing into website testing. The best thing about website testing is that most jobs take a few minutes. You can easily sneak the jobs into your regular schedule and make some money. 
 To get the most out of website testing, sign up on 3-5 of the sites discussed above. Grab all opportunities that come your way and watch yourself make some decent money while at it. 
 Okay, that is it for our list of website testing jobs. But before we bring this to an end, do you know any other sites where people can get paid to test websites? Let us know in the comment box below. 
 0shares 
 
   
   
   
 
 
   
 Tags: website testing jobs 
 Related Posts 
   
 15 Part-Time Weekend Jobs Online To Earn Extra Cash 
 Looking for flexible part time weekend jobs to … 
   
 15 EASY Online Jobs That Pay Through PayPal (FAST!) 
 In this article, you're going to discover some … 
   
 17+ Websites To Find Online Proofreading Jobs From Home 
 Do you have a good eye for errors … 
   
 15 Best Delivery App Jobs Hiring in 2020 
 Do you have plenty of time in your … 
   
 15 Best Upwork Alternatives For Freelancers Looking For Online Jobs 
 Are you a freelancer looking for the best … 
   
 17 Online Editing Jobs That Pay Well and Are Flexible 
 Where should you look to find online editing … 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel Reply 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 
 __ 
   
 POPULAR POSTS 
 
   
 
 Get Paid To Read Emails: 12 Sites & Apps That Pay 
 
   
 
 200+ Best Work From Home Jobs: Top Companies With Remote Jobs 
 
   
 
 25 Real Ways to Make Money From Home & Create A Life You Love 
 
   
 
 30 Best Online Transcription Jobs From Home 
 
   
 
 7+ Easy Ways To Make Extra Money Working From Home 
 __ __ __ __ 
 Hi and welcome to WorkAtHomeSmart.com! I'm Norbert Juma, passionate about the web & financial freedom. I started this site to be a resource for people looking to work from home and make money online. 
 RECENT POSTS 
 
 
 20 Website Testing Jobs - Get Paid To Test Websites 
 
 
 15 Part-Time Weekend Jobs Online To Earn Extra Cash 
 
 
 How to Become a Proofreader: Ultimate Guide For Beginners 
 
 
 15 Work From Home Captioning Jobs For Beginners 
 
 
 15 Best Apps to Earn Gift Cards Online Free 
 
 
 AFFILIATE DISCLOSURE 
 Some of the links on our site are affiliate links, meaning that if you click on one of the links and purchase an item, we may receive a commission. All opinions, however, are our own and we do not accept payments for positive reviews. 
 VISIT US ON SOCIAL MEDIA 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
 Earnings Disclosure 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 WorkAtHomeSmart.com  Copyright (C) 2020. 
 Built with  Magnus 
