We use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our site, analyze site traffic, and understand where our audience is coming from. To find out more, please read our  privacy policy. 
 By choosing 'I Accept', you consent to our use of cookies and other tracking technologies. 
 I Accept 
 We use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our site, analyze site traffic, and understand where our audience is coming from. To find out more, please read our  privacy policy. 
 By choosing 'I Accept', you consent to our use of cookies and other tracking technologies. Less 
 I Accept 
 We use cookies and other tracking technologies... More 
 I Accept 
 Login or register 
 to apply for this job! 
 Login or register 
 to save this job! 
 Login or register to start contributing with an article! 
 Login or register 
 to see more jobs from this company! 
 Login or register 
 to boost this post! 
 Show some love to the author of this blog by giving their post some rocket fuel 🚀. 
 Login or register to search for your ideal job! 
 Login or register to start working on this issue! 
 Engineers who find a new job through Java Works average a 15% increase in salary 🚀 
 Start with GitHub Start with Twitter Start with Stack Overflow Signup with Email Login with Email 
 JavaWorks 
 
 Jobs 
 Open Source Issues 
 Articles 
 Companies 
 
 Sign Up Login 
 Continue with 
 GitHub Stack Overflow Twitter Email 
 
 Jobs 
 Issues 
 Articles 
 Companies 
 Metrics 
 For Employers 
 
 
 [ 
 Moixa 
 ](/companies/moixa) 
 
 
 50-249 
 
 
 London, United Kingdom 
 
 
 Moixa has established itself as the UK's leading provider of residential smart battery storage. Moixa invents, manufactures and distributes smart energy technology including the Moixa Smart Battery range and Moixa GridShare, a battery management platform that enables consumers and utilities to use energy in an intelligent way. The Moixa Smart Battery has already been installed in a thousand sites throughout the UK in private customer, social housing and small business environments. Moixa systems have been involved in numerous projects for Government, British Gas, Scottish Power, Good Energy and many others. The company is in a partnership with companies such as Honda, Hitachi and ITOCHU to collaborate on their battery and Electric Vehicle offerings. 
 Energy Early Stage Venture AWS CI/CD Functional JavaScript Slack Team Lunches Stock Options 
 All Jobs from Moixa 
 Functional Software Developer£50K - 75K + EquityMoixaLondon, United Kingdom 
 Distributed smart energy technology. 
 aws functional programming haskell linux rust typescript aws lambda 
 More Info Apply 
 WorksHub 
 📧 hello@works-hub.com 
 🇬🇧 81 Rivington Street, London, EC2A 3AY 
 🇺🇸 108 E 16th Street, New York, NY 10003 
 WorksHub 
 Careers Companies Sitemap Metrics Functional Works Blockchain Works JavaScript Works Ai Works Golang Works Java Works Python Works Remote Works 
 For companies 
 For employers Register company Pricing and plans Request a demo Terms of Service 
 Jobs 
 Java jobs Play jobs Kafka jobs Akka jobs 
 Locations 
 Jobs in New York Jobs in London Jobs in San Francisco Jobs in Berlin Jobs in Barcelona Remote Jobs 
 Articles 
 Java articles Akka articles Kafka articles 
 
 © 2020 WorksHub 
 Privacy Policy 
 Developed by WorksHub 
