Breaking News:  SNP Government triples support for taxi drivers in Inverclyde 
 18Jan 
 Breaking News:  Over £9m funding reaches Inverclyde to tackle impact of COVID-19 
 18Dec 
 Breaking News:  McMillan comments on latest drug-related death figures 
 15Dec 
 Breaking News:  Inverclyde firms to receive share of £185 million Scottish Government funding 
 09Dec 
 Breaking News:  McMillan delighted NHS workers in Inverclyde will receive £500 bonus 
 02Dec 
 Breaking News:  SNP announce free school meals for all primary school pupils 
 01Dec 
 
 Stuart McMillan MSP 
 Official website of Stuart McMillan MSP 
 __ 
 
 Home 
 About Stuart 
 Surgeries 
 Press Releases 
 Newsletters 
 Press Coverage 
 Liability for NHS Charges (Treatment of Industrial Disease) (Scotland) Bill 
 Data Protection Privacy Notice 
 Coronavirus (COVID-19) 
 
 Statement on Port Glasgow Job Centre 
 26Jan 
 by  Stuart McMillan 
 This morning I have been informed of proposals by the UK Minister for Employment to close the Job Centre in Port Glasgow. 
 The DWP has been guilty of taking a callous and ideological approach to welfare since the Tories took office in 2010, and shows no signs of letting up. 8 of Glasgow’s 16 job centres are facing the prospect of being cut, and now Inverclyde is to suffer as part of a nationwide cull. 
 Local job centres provide a vital service to those looking for work. It is completely unacceptable that Inverclyde, with one of the highest unemployment rates in the country, is set to be one of the first parts of the UK to have job centre closures imposed on it. This will have a damaging impact on people in Inverclyde, resulting in already hard-up people being forced to travel further at a higher cost in order to access vital job searching services. The Tory government should be prioritising their support for getting people back into work – not making foolish closures to vital front line services. 
 The Tory government has done absolutely nothing to mitigate our fears since the planned cuts were announced. They have not provided any details of the number of people to be affected, and having failed to carry out any kind of equality impact assessment to see how groups such as single parents, carers or those with disabilities would be impacted by the closures. These closures will hit vulnerable people who struggle to access services the hardest – with increased transport costs and additional time taken to travel, particularly those required to register daily or weekly. That increases the threat of sanctions, which is a serious concern. 
 It is clear that the decision is being driven by the UK government’s ideological obsession with austerity – and it is deeply concerning that these closures represent just the tip of the iceberg when it comes to Tory cuts. And it is the SNP who are standing up to these cuts at both Holyrood, Westminster, and through the Scottish Government 
 I plan to do everything in my power, with support from the Scottish Government, to fight these cuts. I hope the Scottish Conservative MSPs join these efforts and take up the fight with their colleagues at Westminster rather than sitting back and letting their constituents suffer. Will they stand up for their constituents and fight to stop the job centre closures, or will they simply go along with what their bosses at Westminster decree? 
 It is evidently clear that we are being dragged back to the bad old days of Tory governments - with no mandate north of the border – treating Scotland as a guinea pig for their unpopular policies and doing anything they want. 
 But there is also a wider issue here. If Mr Mundell has - as is evident - done so little to fight Scotland’s corner on the issue of job centre closures, then what hope do we have that he has done anything behind the scenes to keep Scotland in the single market as part of the Brexit negotiations? 
The Scottish Secretary should be fighting for Scotland’s interests in Cabinet – not the other way around – and if Mr Mundell is unwilling to do that, then you have to wonder what the point is in there being a Scottish Secretary. 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 __ Blog ,  News ,  Press Releases  __ DWP ,  Greenock ,  Greenock and Inverclyde MSP ,  Inverclyde ,  Job Centre ,  Jobseeker's Allowance ,  MSP Stuart McMillan ,  Scottish Government ,  Stuart McMillan ,  Stuart McMillan MSP ,  Tory ,  UK Government ,  Universal Credit  __ Stuart McMillan  __ Leave a comment 
 Post navigation 
 Scotland Must Choose its own Future if all Attempts to Compromise Rejected 
 Inverclyde MSP Raises Awareness of New Charity Funding Pot 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (Address never made public) 
 Name 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Search 
 Search Submit 
 Social Media 
 
 View StuartMcMillanMSP's profile on Facebook 
 View StuMcMillanSNP's profile on Twitter 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 SNP Government triples support for taxi drivers in Inverclyde  January 18, 2021 
 Over £9m funding reaches Inverclyde to tackle impact of COVID-19  December 18, 2020 
 McMillan comments on latest drug-related death figures  December 15, 2020 
 Inverclyde firms to receive share of £185 million Scottish Government funding  December 9, 2020 
 McMillan delighted NHS workers in Inverclyde will receive £500 bonus  December 2, 2020 
 
 Contact 
 26 Grey Place, Greenock PA15 1YF 
 01475-720-930 
 stuart.mcmillan.msp@parliament.scot 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
