Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Developmental Worker (20191115.04) 
 Hope's Home 
 __Saskatoon, SK 
 Apply Now 
 Hope's Home provides childcare services & supportive living homes for children with complex medical needs across SK. Our unique programs allow passionate individuals to make a difference in our communities. Visit www.hopeshome.org to learn more. 
Job Summary 
The Developmental Worker (DW) cares for children with complex medical needs, assisting with personal care & programming to support the development of the children in our supportive living home. Shifts vary including days, nights, evenings and weekends. Position starts Dec. 2/19. 
Responsibilities 
-Collaborate with team to meet children’s developmental needs, including the areas of gross/fine motor, cognitive, social-emotional, self-help, communication & sensory development 
-Implement inclusive educational programming and engage with children in all activities, promoting fun 
-Help to create interactive environment suitable for children’s needs 
-Assist/supervise children daily, giving hands-on assistance as needed 
-Perform therapies under the direction of professionals 
-Provide needed tools and evaluate adapted equipment, report issues 
-Complete various records to track children’s progress and make future goals 
-Work with children’s support team develop Personal Program Plans (PPP) 
Qualifications/Skills 
-Completion of one of: 
~Education Assistant Program 
~Disability Support Worker Program 
~Recreational Therapist Program 
~Kinesiology Degree- Adaptive Physical Activity 
~ECE Certificate or comparable with diverse needs (min. 1 yr experience) 
-Experience with diverse needs and/or working with children 
-Able to handle physically demanding/challenging tasks 
-Strong communication skills 
-Professional, sensitive to diversity 
-Aware of health, safety and surroundings 
-Physically able to maneuver medical equipment (lifts, wheelchairs, etc) and safely work with objects or persons of varying sizes 
-Preference will be shown to those with the following: Ventilator experience/training, TLR training and/or sign language training 
 Apply by November 21, 2019. Include the following reference number in the subject line or body of your email: 20191115.04 
 Job Types: Part-time, Temporary 
 Salary: $17.37 /hour 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
