UNEMPLOYED IN TYNE & WEAR 
 Knowledge is power - spread it around 
 
 About UITW 
 CONTACT 
 
 Tagged: job creation rates for graduates 
 June 23, 2014 
  Job Creation 20% Below Pre-Recession Levels, New Report Shows  
 Trade Union Congress (TUC) Press Release: 
 Inner London is the only area of the country to have a higher rate of job starts than before the recession, while job creation in some parts of the country is down 31 per cent on pre-recession levels, according to a new TUC report published today (Monday). 
 The TUC  Touchstone  pamphlet  Equitable Full Employment: A Jobs Recovery For All  (pdf) shows that the recent rise in employment is being driven by fewer people leaving their jobs, rather than more people finding new work. 
 Job starts – the number of people starting a new job within a three month period – are currently around 20 per cent below pre-recession levels across the UK, and are still falling in parts of the country. The fact that fewer people are leaving their jobs helps to explain why the employment rate for older workers is increasing so much faster than for young people, says the TUC. 
 The report, written for the TUC by  Tony Wilson  and  Paul Bivand  of the  Centre for Economic and Social Inclusion  (Inclusion), compares job start rates before the recession, at the height of the crash and during the recent recovery. It finds that metropolitan areas such as  London, Birmingham  and  Tyne and Wear  are recovering faster than their neighbouring rural areas. 
 Inner London is the only area of the country where jobs are being created at a faster rate than before the crash.  Outer London  , the  South East  and  Eastern England  have recovered since the crash but job starts are still 11 per cent, 16 per cent and 21 per cent below pre-recession levels. 
 Job creation across the rest of the country is more mixed, says the TUC. Job creation in Tyne and Wear is recovering (though still 11 per cent below pre-recession levels) but getting worse across the rest of the North East. 
 
 In fact, as a whole, North East unemployment continues to rise… 
 
 Job creation in the  West Midlands  metropolitan area is recovering but the rest of the region continues to decline (down 31 per cent), while  South  and  West Yorkshire  are both performing far better than the rest of  Yorkshire  and  Humberside . Job starts in  Greater Manchester  have fallen slightly since the height of the crash but the city is still doing far better than  Merseyside  and the rest of the  North West,  where job starts are 30 per cent down on pre-recession levels. 
 Strathclyde  is the only major metropolitan area that is performing worse than its neighbouring area, with job creation across the rest of Scotland recovering faster. 
 The report shows while the UK’s employment rate is rising, there are huge swathes of the country – particularly rural areas – where job creation remains depressed and is getting worse, say the TUC. 
 The report also looks at job starts across different age groups, qualification levels and types of work. It finds that while job creation rates for graduates are back above pre-recession levels, the number of people with lower-level qualifications starting new jobs declined during the boom and has continued to deteriorate since the crash. 
 The proportion of jobs starts to non-permanent work is now higher than it was before the crash, with three in ten job starts in temporary work. Fixed-term contacts are the most popular form of temporary work. 
 The continuing shift from permanent employee jobs to self-employment and temporary work, such as fixed-term contacts and agency work, suggests the nature of the UK jobs market is changing permanently, rather than being a short-term response to the recession, says the TUC. 
 
 The final victory of Thatcherism - smash the unions and the rest can be exploited… 
 
 The rate of people moving from unemployment to work is still lower than pre-recession levels across all age groups, say the report. ‘  Hiring rates  ’ have recovered fastest for older workers, but they remain far less likely to move from unemployment to work than any other age group. 
 Hiring rates for 16-24 year olds, who traditionally have moved from unemployment into work at a far quicker rate than all other age groups, have declined considerably over the last 17 years. People in their late 20s and early 30s are now finding work as quickly as younger people, says the report. 
 The report makes a number of recommendations to boost job creation and raise employment levels further, including: 
 • Offering targeted employment support programmes, such as a job guarantee for any young person out of work for at least six months. 
• Identifying low skills as a reason to provide more intensive employment support. 
• Establishing bodies in each industrial sector so that government, unions and employers can work together to identify skills gaps, promote decent workplace standards and fair pay. 
 TUC General Secretary  Frances O’Grady  said: 
 “Many people assume that rising employment levels are simply down to more people getting new work. In fact, the recent recovery in our jobs market is mainly due to people holding onto their jobs, rather than finding new ones. This is great news if you want to keep earning as you approach retirement, but less positive if you’re trying to take your first step on the career ladder. 
 “Job creation is as important for people looking for work as it is for those already in work and looking to boost their incomes. It’s worrying that across huge swathes of the country – and particularly in rural areas – job creation levels remain depressed and that where jobs are being created far more are temporary positions than before the crash. 
 “We need to see far more high-quality jobs being created, not just in our cities but across the UK, if we’re going to achieve full employment and a return to healthy pay rises.” 
 CESI Associate Director  Paul Bivand  said: 
 “What we are concerned about is inclusion, which isn’t just our name. Growth in employment should help to close gaps in our society. We don’t want a rising tide to lift just the most buoyant, while leaving others behind. We want all areas and groups to benefit and we need to close gaps. 
 “We are already hearing that there is a risk of the Bank taking action because of overheating high-end London house prices. For the economy to benefit all, then rises in jobs have to occur in the rural areas as well as the cities, and Glasgow and Merseyside as well as the South East.” 
 Source: Inner London is only area of UK to have returned to pre-recession levels of job creation 
 Source - Welfare News Service, 23 June 2014 
 http://welfarenewsservice.com/job-creation-20-pre-recession-levels-new-report-shows/ 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Email 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Written by  untynewear   1 Comment  Posted in  Unemployment  Tagged with  agency work ,  All In It Together ,  and ,  £ ,  benefit ,  benefit sanctions ,  benefits ,  Birmingham ,  capitialism ,  Centre for Economic and Social Inclusion ,  CESI ,  coalition Government. ,  Conservative ,  County Durham ,  Department for Work & Pensions ,  dole ,  Durham ,  Durham City ,  DWP ,  Easington ,  Eastern England ,  employed ,  employment ,  Equitable Full Employment: A jobs recovery for all ,  foodbanks ,  forced work ,  Frances O’Grady ,  Gateshead ,  Glasgow ,  government ,  Greater Manchester ,  Hebburn ,  Hetton-le-Hole ,  Houghton-le-Spring ,  Humberside ,  Inner London ,  Jarrow ,  job ,  Job Centre ,  job creation ,  Job creation in Tyne and Wear ,  job creation rates for graduates ,  job seeker ,  Jobcentre ,  Jobcentre Plus ,  jobs ,  Jobseekers Allowance ,  JSA ,  Labour ,  Lib Dems ,  Liberal Democrats ,  London ,  London house prices ,  Low Pay ,  Merseyside ,  metropolitan area ,  National Minimum Wage ,  neo-liberal ,  neoliberal ,  neoliberalism ,  New Labour ,  Newcastle ,  Newcastle upon Tyne ,  non-permanent work ,  North East ,  North East unemployment continues to rise ,  North Tyneside ,  North West ,  Northumberland ,  Outer London ,  parliament ,  Peterlee ,  politicians ,  politics ,  sanction ,  sanctions ,  Seaham ,  self-employment ,  slavery ,  Social Security ,  South ,  South Shields ,  South Tyneside ,  Strathclyde ,  Sunderland ,  tax credits ,  temporary work ,  the South East ,  Tony Wilson ,  Tory ,  Touchstone ,  Trade Union Congress ,  TUC ,  Tyne ,  Tyne & Wear ,  Tyneside ,  UK jobs market ,  UK’s employment rate is rising ,  Unemployed In Tyne & Wear ,  Unemployed In Tyne & Wear unemployed ,  unemployed north east ,  unemployed tyne&wear ,  unemployedintyne&wear ,  unemployment ,  unemployment benefits ,  Wallsend ,  Washington ,  Wear ,  Wearside ,  welfare-to-work ,  West Midlands ,  West Yorkshire ,  Whitley Bay ,  work ,  work for benefits ,  Work Programme ,  workfare ,  worklessness ,  WP ,  Yorkshire 
 Recent Posts 
 
 North Star Bulletin - 13 July 2015 
 North Star Bulletin - 11 July 2015 
 North Star Bulletin - 10 July 2015 
 North Star Bulletin - 09 July 2015 
 North Star Bulletin - 08 July 2015 
 North Star Bulletin : 07 July 2015 
 North Star Bulletin - 06 July 2015 
 North Star Bulletin 05 July 2015 
 Scotswood community garden celebrates its 20th anniversary 
 Northern Rail workers vote to go on strike in row over jobs 
 
 Categories 
 
 All In It Together  (122) 
 Cuts & More Cuts  (164) 
 Desperate Times  (205) 
 Events / Actions  (143) 
 Fight Back  (32) 
 Food / Clothing Banks  (88) 
 General Election 2015  (157) 
 Health  (114) 
 History  (40) 
 Housing  (136) 
 Industrial Action  (35) 
 Jobseeker's Agreement  (7) 
 Loan Sharks  (28) 
 Miscellaneous  (96) 
 Music & Words  (27) 
 Outsourcing  (18) 
 Political  (309) 
 Poverty Crime  (23) 
 Poverty Porn  (24) 
 Public Transport  (34) 
 Right Wing & Other Loonies  (71) 
 Sanctions  (126) 
 Unemployment  (154) 
 Universal Credit  (55) 
 Universal Jobmatch  (10) 
 Welfare  (114) 
 Work Programme & Beyond  (28) 
 Workfare  (64) 
 
 LINKS 
 
 Big Brother Watch 
 Boycott Workfare 
 Consumer Action Group Forums 
 Glynis Millward 
 Hope Not Hate 
 Jayne Linney 
 Keep Volunteering Voluntary 
 Loonwatch 
 Malice In Sunderland 
 Mentally Wealthy 
 National Secular Society 
 North Star Forum 
 Republic (anti-monarchy) 
 SchNEWS 
 Spirit Of Place 
 Sunderland Echoes 
 The Learning Professor 
 The Void 
 Turn2us 
 urban75 Forums 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
