
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to primary sidebar 
 
   
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 LEARNING 
 
 FREE TRIAL UPSKILL HR 
 UPSKILL HR 
 ACE THE HR EXAM 
 ACE THE HR EXAM AUDIO 
 HR PRACTICE TEST 
 
 
 
 SHOP 
 
 
 Podcast 
 
 Workology Podcast 
 Go Podcast 
 
 
 
 About 
 
 Contact 
 Speaking 
 
 
 
 Events 
 
 
 SIGN IN 
 
 
 Chief Human Resource Officer Job Description [Template] 
 Feb 7, 2019  | By    Jessica Miller-Merrell   |  HR 
   
 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
 __ 
 
 The position of Chief Human Resources Officer (CHRO) is a complicated one and one that has a variety of jobs and responsibilities making this role very unique for each organization. Writing job descriptions for C-Suite positions like CHRO is a challenge. A job posting is part of your company’s talent brand marketing, while job descriptions like the one you see below are meant for your career site and for links in job postings to give your prospective CHRO candidate more detailed information. Job descriptions must contain all the important information about the role and should be optimized with keywords that will drive traffic to the listing on your career site. We’ve put together a basic set of guidelines on  how to write an effective job description posting and template . 
 Chief Human Resources Officer (CHRO) Job Duties and Salary 
 For larger organizations, the CHRO or  Chief Human Resources Officer  reports directly to the CEO. This individual is part of the executive team and often working with the board of directors and investors to provide updates, reports, and information relative to the overall business plan and strategic direction of the company. The CHRO is focused on the strategy people human capital and how HR programs grow revenue and the organization for the broad and often global organization and for the longer term. A number of companies are calling the CHRO role the Chief People Officer. This position is truly strategic and is an exempt level executive position. 
 The average pay for a Chief HR Officer is $156,000 per year. Those in the 90th percentile make $249,000 per year, and those in the 10th percentile have an income of $92,000. 
 Chief Human Resources Officer (CHRO) Job Description 
 Company ABC  is a staffing agency in the U.S. known for our creative, marketing, and executive talent placement. We place permanent and contract-to-hire professionals in hard-to-fill positions for organizations from startups to the Fortune 50. 
 We’re looking for an exceptional  Chief Human Resources Officer (CHRO)  for a leadership role in human resources at our corporate headquarters in beautiful  Duluth, Minnesota . This is a salaried position, full-time, onsite, and responsible for  benefits  and  compensation packages  as well as  employee relations  for our contract workforce. 
 A typical day as Chief Human Resources Officer (CHRO) includes: 
 
 Design human resources practices and regulations, as well as present any proposals for changes to senior management and oversee implementation. 
 Manage the day to day operations of the human resources department. 
 Oversee and ensure rewards programs are comprehensive, competitive, and align with business goals. 
 Develop and improve recruiting practices and succession planning strategies. 
 Account for and maintain human resources disciplines such as compensation, benefits, training, talent acquisition, and diversity. 
 Communicate frequently with departmental and executive stakeholders to understand the unique needs of our workforce. 
 
 What you’ll like most about working in Human Resources at Company ABC: 
 
 We take great pride in offering our workforce the best benefits and compensation packages in our industry, and we think you will too. 
 Everyone at ABC Company contributes to the development of programs, regardless of role. Your input will not only be heard; it will be encouraged. 
 As a leader of our HR team, you’ll be driving our company culture and what makes us an amazing place to work. 
 
 We’re looking for candidates who: 
 
 Have a bachelor’s degree in HR, business administration, or related field. 
 Have SHRM PHR certification. 
 Have 8+ years of experience that includes supervising human resources staff. 
 Working on the compensation and benefits aspect of human resources with proven success metrics. 
 Have solid communication and time management skills. 
 
 Preferred qualifications: 
 
 Master’s degree in HR, Business Administration, or related field. 
 Proven experience in designing human resources practices and regulations. 
 Experience in analytics, statistics and reporting on specific HR metrics and KPIs. 
 
 What we offer our employees: 
 
 A competitive compensation and benefits package, plus performance-based bonus incentives. Our corporate HQ offers on-site concierge services for dry cleaning, laundry, and grocery shopping delivery, as well as catered lunches and a stocked snack and drinks pantry. We’re a culture that thrives on training and development and offers several ongoing management training and leadership programs. 
 
 About COMPANY: 
 With three decades in the staffing industry, Company ABC has become a standout among its peers as a talent-driven, creativity-focused agency. Our employees and contract workforce have ranked us in the top 50 Best Places to Work by Glassdoor every year since 2002. Talent is what makes Company ABC successful, and we’re proud of our ability to deliver top talent to hundreds of well-known organizations for their unique marketing and creative staffing needs. 
 EEOC statement 
 Equal Opportunity Employer/Protected Veterans/Individuals with Disabilities. Please view Equal Employment Opportunity Posters provided by OFCCP   here   . The employee will not discharge or in any other manner discriminate against employees or applicants because they have inquired about, discussed, or disclosed their own pay or the pay of another employee or applicant. However, employees who have access to the compensation information of other employees or applicants as a part of their essential job functions cannot disclose the pay of other employees or applicants to individuals who do not otherwise have access to compensation information, unless the disclosure is (a) in response to a formal complaint or charge, (b) in furtherance of an investigation, proceeding, hearing, or action, including an investigation conducted by the employer, or (c) consistent with the contractor’s legal duty to furnish information. 
 Like what you see? Check out the rest of our  human resources job titles, HR salary information, and templates . 
 Post navigation 
 <- Ep 168 - How Robots & Artificial Intelligence Will Change Our Workplace 
 The Performance Management Software Market is Heating Up -> 
 Posted in  HR 
 Jessica Miller-Merrell 
 Jessica Miller-Merrell (@jmillermerrell) is a workplace change agent, author and consultant focused on human resources and talent acquisition living in Austin, TX. Recognized by Forbes as a top 50 social media influencer and is a global speaker. She’s the founder of Workology, a workplace HR resource and host of the Workology Podcast. 
 __ Search 
 
 
 
 __ON AIR WITH WORKOLOGY 
   
   
   
   
 
  __   __   __   __   __   __   __   __   __  
 Copyright © 2020 · Workology Inc. All Rights Reserved. Site Design by The Spinbird Group. 
 
 Contributing 
 Advertising 
 Disclaimer 
 Press 
 
 Pin It on Pinterest 
