Skip to content 
 
 treasured inspiration 
 holding on to the imagination found in everyday life 
 Menu 
 Search 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Professional 
 Blogroll 
 Contact 
 
 Search for: Search 
   
 Professional 
 Lindsey Mitchell 
 Sports marketing and PR professional who loves telling stories. Creative thinker, strong writer and fan of all sports. Passionate about work and wants to catch the highlights live – not on SportsCenter. Enjoys the outdoors, working out, volunteering, taking the dogs to the park and DIYing. Adventurous, ambitious and ready for a challenge. 
 Professional Experience 
 **American Diabetes Association • North Canton, Ohio (remote position) • Campaign Manager, Sports & Entertainment • ** February 2016-present 
 
 Create and execute mutually-beneficial engagement plans for athletes committed to increasing diabetes awareness and support for ADA’s mission. 
 Build and manage relationships with athletes, agents and respective representation to maximize off-the-playing-field efforts of athletes in regard to ADA engagement, while ensuring that their commitment and focus to their respective sport is top priority. 
 Work with athletes, agents and reps to strategize how ADA engagement can help players build post-career résumés. 
 Plan, manage and execute all aspects of events, including internal and external communication, hosted by athletes in collaboration with the ADA ranging from school visits to fundraising events to media opportunities. 
 Support all efforts to establish campaigns, projects and events with key stakeholders in the sports and entertainment industries. 
 Operationalize and implement sports and entertainment related campaigns, projects and events by working in close collaboration with corporate partnerships, constituency engagement, special events and marketing/communications. 
 Supports the implementation of a comprehensive development plan to research and identify sources of support; develop strategies to generate new partner campaigns, projects and events; and expand and enhance strong communication ties with these partners. 
 
 New Orleans Pelicans/New Orleans Saints • New Orleans, La. • Corporate Communications Manager • Dec. 2011-Feb. 2016 
 Corporate Communications Manager for both teams beginning in Aug. 2012 and Interim Corporate Communications Manager from June - Dec. 2011. 
 
 Developed and executed creative public relations plans for all non-sports-related corporate events, announcements and initiatives. 
 Disseminated messaging and tracked coverage through social media outlets. 
 Pitched and secured media coverage for Pelicans and Saints initiatives in local, regional and national print, online, radio and TV media. 
 Facilitated media availability with athletes, executives and other dignitaries at all events and announcements. 
 Experienced in handling crisis communication. 
 Built trusted relationships with national and local media members, in addition to business and civic leaders. 
 Provided regular message points to prepare executives and athletes with key messaging points prior to interviews. 
 Created and edited letters and written forms of communication to the public. 
 Assisted with the planning and led public relations execution of Pelicans brand introduction, as well as assisting with announcement of ownership transfer. 
 Handle all public relations efforts, as well as appearances and speaking engagements for Mrs. Gayle Benson. 
 Manage the Gayle and Tom Benson Charitable Foundation, as well as plan and execute press conferences and announcements. 
 
 New Orleans Hornets, New Orleans, La. • Basketball Communications Coordinator • August 2007-December 2011 
 
 Traveled during the regular season and post-season; organizing media availability during shootarounds, pre-game and post-game. 
 Served as secondary contact for local, national, visiting and integrated internal media, basketball operations and NBA office. 
 Served as secondary liaison between the Hornets business office and basketball operations/players. 
 Assisted in hiring, managing and overseeing intern program. 
 Responsible for production of external communications vehicles. 
 Covered practices, arrange interviews and provide coaching and personnel staff with pertinent information regarding opponents and NBA news. 
 Brainstormed, planned and executed basketball communications-related events. 
 
 Rutgers Athletic Communications, New Brunswick, N.J. • Assistant • August 2006-July 2007 
 
 Served as the primary contact for women’s soccer, wrestling, soft ball, men’s and women’s tennis and cross country providing all content for ScarletKnights.com for each sport, handling all media efforts. 
 Assistant women’s basketball media contact for the 2007 NCAA Finalist and BIG EAST Tournament Championship Scarlet Knights. 
 Helped to manage and facilitate over 600 media requests, as well as prepare athletes for interviews, during the Don Imus controversy in 2007. 
 Traveled with respective teams to help attending media and administer player/coach interviews. 
 Assisted in staffing of all home football, men’s and women’s basketball events, including media days, practices, games and press conferences. 
 
 Bloomsburg Sports Information, Bloomsburg, Pa. • Student Assistant/Wrestling Contact • Fall 2003-Spring 2006 
 
 Wrote press releases, event previews and stories, as well as feature stories and producing media guides and preseason materials for all sports. 
 Served as a wrestling contact, including traveling with the team, for the 2005-06 season, initiating the production of match notes for all wrestling events, including design and authoring all text. 
 
 Education 
 2006 graduate of Bloomsburg University (Pa.) with a degree in Mass Communications with a focus in Public Relations and a Marketing minor 
 Outside the classroom  **** Women’s tennis team (4 years), Public Relations Student Society of America (3 years), Student-Athlete Advisory Committee (4 years) 
 Additional Experience & Community Involvement 
 What You Give Will Grow  I  Fall 2012-present I  Helped develop branding and execute PR for Saints Pro Bowl Punter Thomas Morstead’s community initiatives; currently serve as the Public Relations Director of the foundation  I   www.wygwg.org 
 Co-Founder Women of the Wild Midwest I 2017-present I  Women of the Wild Midwest was created to bring together Midwest women with a shared appreciation for the outdoors; the annual Women of the Wild Midwest Gathering will be held Sept. 21-23 in La Crosse, WI.  I   www.wowmidwest.com 
 Pancreatic Cancer Action Network-New Orleans  I  Affiliate  Media Representative/Core Leader  I  January 2011-May 2015 I  Developed and executed social media plan; Handled PR efforts for local affiliate in cooperation with national office. 
 2014 NBA All-Star I Host PR Committee I 2013-present 
 **Young Leadership Council I  Powerties Committee Member (PR/Job-Site Visits)  I 2008-2012 I **Worked with team to execute Powerties, a career-awareness program for eighth-graders taught by young professionals. 
 March of Dimes  I  Media Committee Member  I  2011-2012 I  Worked with local affiliate to promote events, research efforts and human interest stories. 
 Public Relations Society of America - New Orleans Chapter I Board Member/Awards Co-Chair I 2012-2013 
 Press Club of New Orleans I Member I 2011-present I  Board 2011-13 
 2013 NCAA Women’s Final Four I Host PR Committee I 2012-2013 
 Heath Evans Foundation I   2010-2012 I  Coordinated media and helped prepare Saints players for media availability at events. 
 Chris Paul Foundation volunteer I 2007-2010 
 Peja Stojakovic Children’s Foundation volunteer I 2007-2009 
 Charlotte Bobcats Public Relations Intern I May 2005-August 2005 
 Additional Volunteer Roles: Participated in Miracle League as a baseball buddy  •  Volunteered at Animal Rescue New Orleans (ARNO), a no-kill animal shelter in New Orleans  •  Assisted with clean-up efforts in Braithwaite, La. following Hurricane Isaac  •  Packed non-perishable foods at Second Harvest Food Bank  •  Planted marsh grass at Bayou Savage  •  Helped host annual Christmas party at a shelter for mothers and children who were victims of domestic violence. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Tumblr 
 LinkedIn 
 Email 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Thanks for visiting Treasured Inspiration! 
 I'm Lindsey, an Ohio native navigating life in the South. A sports PR professional that loves my hubby, our puppies, Jersey & JoJo, the outdoors, DIY projects, art, home decor, fashion, beauty and skinny vanilla lattes. I've always wanted to start a blog to connect with others and share my passions. Enjoy! 
 Social 
 
 View treasuredinspiration's profile on Facebook 
 View @lindseypelicans's profile on Twitter 
 View @lindsey_mitch's profile on Instagram 
 View lhmitchell's profile on Pinterest 
 View lindseyhmitchell's profile on LinkedIn 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 38 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Wish List Wednesday…a colorful edition! 
 Recipe: Homemade Oat Milk 
 Five Things for Friday 
 Wish List Wednesday…a day late! 
 Recipe: Homemade hummus by Fraiche 
 
 My Tweets  Search for: Search 
 Archives 
 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 
 Categories 
 
 Africa  (3) 
 Art  (2) 
 Baking  (8) 
 Beauty  (11) 
 Books  (1) 
 Breakfast  (3) 
 Budget Finds  (14) 
 Career  (5) 
 Christmas  (11) 
 Cleaning  (1) 
 DIY  (16) 
 Dogs  (16) 
 Eating Healthy  (7) 
 Fall  (2) 
 Fashion  (23) 
 Fitness  (3) 
 Food  (9) 
 Friday's Five  (23) 
 Gift Guide  (8) 
 Giving Back  (6) 
 Great Gifts  (11) 
 Holidays  (13) 
 Home Decor  (15) 
 Hostess  (8) 
 Jewelry  (15) 
 Links  (4) 
 Louisiana  (2) 
 Nails  (1) 
 New Orleans  (10) 
 NOLA Eats  (1) 
 North Carolina  (1) 
 Office  (2) 
 Organizing  (2) 
 Outdoor  (3) 
 Party Planning  (6) 
 Pelicans  (7) 
 Pets  (3) 
 Public Relations  (3) 
 Recipes  (16) 
 Relationships  (1) 
 Saints  (11) 
 Shoes  (4) 
 Shop Local  (1) 
 Shopping  (27) 
 Skincare  (3) 
 Sports  (2) 
 Travel  (9) 
 Uncategorized  (10) 
 Valentine's Day  (2) 
 Vegan  (2) 
 Vegetarian  (5) 
 Volunteering  (1) 
 Weekend Recap  (1) 
 Wine  (1) 
 Winter  (1) 
 Wish List  (15) 
 Work  (7) 
 Workouts  (2) 
 
 Social 
 
 View treasuredinspiration's profile on Facebook 
 View lindseypelicans's profile on Twitter 
 View lindsey_mitch's profile on Instagram 
 View lhmitchell's profile on Pinterest 
 View lindseyhmitchell's profile on LinkedIn 
 
 Search for: Search 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Wish List Wednesday…a colorful edition! 
 Recipe: Homemade Oat Milk 
 Five Things for Friday 
 Wish List Wednesday…a day late! 
 Recipe: Homemade hummus by Fraiche 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 Rebecca McClary on  What I Would Pack with Ho… 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 treasuredinspiration  on  A new adventure! 
 
 
 Tiffany Gautier on  A new adventure! 
 
 
 
 kelseyjamison on  Wish List Wednesday: Valentine… 
 
 
 
 
 treasuredinspiration  on  New Glasses for Spring with Wa… 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 
 Categories 
 
 Africa 
 Art 
 Baking 
 Beauty 
 Books 
 Breakfast 
 Budget Finds 
 Career 
 Christmas 
 Cleaning 
 DIY 
 Dogs 
 Eating Healthy 
 Fall 
 Fashion 
 Fitness 
 Food 
 Friday's Five 
 Gift Guide 
 Giving Back 
 Great Gifts 
 Holidays 
 Home Decor 
 Hostess 
 Jewelry 
 Links 
 Louisiana 
 Nails 
 New Orleans 
 NOLA Eats 
 North Carolina 
 Office 
 Organizing 
 Outdoor 
 Party Planning 
 Pelicans 
 Pets 
 Public Relations 
 Recipes 
 Relationships 
 Saints 
 Shoes 
 Shop Local 
 Shopping 
 Skincare 
 Sports 
 Travel 
 Uncategorized 
 Valentine's Day 
 Vegan 
 Vegetarian 
 Volunteering 
 Weekend Recap 
 Wine 
 Winter 
 Wish List 
 Work 
 Workouts 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
