  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Sales Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance Sales Specialist ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/en/hire/sales) 
 Yesterday 
 Calling activity 
 Published: Yesterday  Bids: 0 
 call activity get sales pipeline set demo call activity get sales pipeline set demo call activity get sales pipeline set demo call activity get sales pipeline set demo call activity get sales pipeline set demo call activity get sales pipeline set demo 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Sales Executive 
 Project size  : Small 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  F. India 
 Less than USD 50 
 2 days ago 
 An experienced virtual assistant needed 
 Published: 2 days ago  Bids: 5 
 Virtual assistants help their employers with daily administrative tasks and schedules. Instead of going into the office every day, virtual assistants complete their responsibilities remotely at home or in another location of their choice with internet access. In this role, you are in charge of handling the small details to keep the company moving so that your employer can focus on large company goals. 
You may communicate with your employer on multiple channels, such as email, video messaging, instant messaging, and phone calls. Other responsibilities include organizing your employer’s files, answering emails, arranging meetings and travel plans, and helping to create presentation materials. A virtual assistant must be able to manage expense reports, orders, and confidential financial information. 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Virtual Assistant 
 Project size  : Medium 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  H. W. United States 
 USD 50 - 100 
 2 days ago 
 I need customer service project 
 Published: 2 days ago  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 6 
 I need an experienced customer service agents who can type documents, compiling and filing records, answering and making telephone calls, scheduling appointments and completing general office tasks. Duties vary according to employer needs but data entry clerk roles are versatile. Customer service agents who have experience with virtual assistants, Microsoft word, excel and so on including web research. 
Virtual assistants would be a plus. 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Customer Support 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 Published by:  C. H. United States 
 USD 20 - 30 / hour 
 5 days ago 
 Dropshipping store partner 
 Published: 5 days ago  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 10 
 It's simple. I'm looking for a business partner. I'll invest on a ready to go dropshipping store and ads costs and I'll share the 30% of the profit to a dedicated, experienced in marketing partner who can demostrated his/her  skills. 
It has to be an honest and committed to work. 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Full time 
 Published by:  R. R. United States 
 Over USD 40 / hour 
 5 days ago 
 Customer service 
 Published: 5 days ago  Bids: 0 
 Use telephones to reach out to customers and verify account information. 
Greet customers warmly and ascertain problem or reason for calling. 
Cancel or upgrade accounts. 
 Assist with placement of orders, refunds, or exchanges. 
Advise on company information. 
Take payment information and other pertinent information such as addresses and phone numbers. 
 Place or cancel orders. 
Answer questions about warranties or terms of sale. 
Act as the company gatekeeper. 
 Suggest solutions when a product malfunctions. 
Handle product recalls. 
Attempt to persuade customer to reconsider cancellation. 
 Inform customer of deals and promotions. 
Sell products and services. 
Utilize computer technology to handle high call volumes. 
 Work with customer service manager to ensure proper customer service is being delivered. 
Close out or open call records. 
Compile reports on overall customer satisfaction. 
 Read from scripts. 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Customer Support 
 Time required  : More than 20 hours 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  C. C. United States 
 Less than USD 50 
 5 days ago 
 Real Estate Cold caller for company in Florida 
 Published: 5 days ago  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 1 
 About the position: 
This is a position where you will be calling people to help them avoid the foreclosure of their properties. Your job is to offer them help to eventually convert that lead into a cash offer. 
 Time for the project: 
Long term, part-time, 20 hours a week. 
 Requirements (must have): 
- Fluent English (Writing and speaking). 
- Experience in Real Estate calls or very similar projects. 
 -Experience using a dialer. 
- Good and Neutral accent. 
 Compensation: 
Good but it's upon experience too 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Sales Executive 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 Published by:  R. United States Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 20 - 30 / hour 
 2 weeks ago 
 Bilingual Real Estate Appointment Setter 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Bids: 2 
 The appointment setter will establish relationships with qualified leads by way of cold calls -- with the purpose of setting up appointments to view or list properties for sale. A variety of tasks might be expected in addition to phone work, including administrative tasks such as data entry, reporting, and invoice creation. 
 Duties: 
 contact potential customers by phone to explain products, services, and purchase information about properties for sale. 
Use customer information to initiate cold calls and deliver a scripted sales talk in order to persuade the customer to attend a meeting to discuss sales options for a timeshare opportunity or property. 
Might also be responsible for maintaining a record of contacts, accounts, and orders, in addition to the task of passing information about successful communications onto the appropriate sales representatives. 
 Additional duties might include follow-up correspondence with customers, training of newly hired appointment setters, and communication with local businesses to arrange for donations or to plan events. 
Qualifications: 
 Being able to establish relationships, strike up impromptu conversations, and explain products and services in a way that both engages and informs potential customers. 
Since it is an entry-level position, experience is rarely necessary, but a history of working in a sales or promotional capacity would be a HUGE benefit. 
 Spanish Speaker. 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Telesales 
 Project size  : Large 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  R. Last reply: 5 days ago  United States Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 100 - 250 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
