Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Professional Practice Coordinator- Social Work - IPPL 
 Nova Scotia Health Authority 
 __Halifax, NS 
 Apply Now 
 Req ID:  99227 
 Location:  Central Zone, Halifax Infirmary Robie Street Entrance - QEII 
 Company:  NSHA 
 Department:  IPPL Inter-Professional Practice 
 Type of Employment:  Hourly FT long-assignment (100% FTE) x 1 position(s) 
 Union Status:  NSGEU 
 Posting Closing Date:  24-Nov-20 
 Applications are accepted until 11:59 PM on the Closing Date. 
 Nova Scotia Health Authority is the largest provider of health services in Nova Scotia. We are over 22,000 employees who provide health care and support services in hospitals, health centres and community-based programs throughout Nova Scotia. 
 Nova Scotia Health Authority provides health services to Nova Scotians and some specialized services to Maritimers and Atlantic Canadians. We operate hospitals, health centres and community-based programs across the province. Our team of health professionals includes employees, doctors, researchers, learners and volunteers that provide the health care or services you may need. This is accomplished across four geographic management zones which are responsible for the operation of acute care health centres and the provision of a variety of inpatient, outpatient services including academic, tertiary, quaternary care and community based programs and services including continuing care, primary health care, public health, and mental health and addictions. 
 Responsibilities 
 Reporting to the Manager of Interprofessional Practice and Learning Central Zone, the Professional Practice Coordinator (PPC) works collaboratively with members of discipline specific and interprofessional teams to create an environment for optimal person centered care. PPC’s demonstrate expertise in her/his discipline; as well as demonstrating competency as a consultant, researcher, facilitator, change agent and leader. He/she fosters a culture of learning to build capacity and support safe practice, advances professional practice through the development and implementation of transition to practice programs and ongoing practice at the point of care and professional development that integrates a learner centered approach. He/she is responsible for developing, planning, executing and evaluating learning experiences for staff within the program . The PPC team works collaboratively to support patient care teams at the QEII, DGH, VMB and Rehab. 
 Please note this position requires periodic travel to facilities within Nova Scotia. Access to reliable transportation is required 
 Qualifications 
Bachelor in related field, Masters degree preferred 
Registered Social Worker with Nova Scotia College of Social Workers required 
3 years clinical experience in a hospital setting 
Diploma or certificate in adult education or equivalent (or willing to obtain) 
Recent professional development relevant to maintaining competency in clinical practice and education 
Demonstrated success in collaborating with others and strong leadership skills 
Experience in initiating and managing projects 
Well developed verbal and written communication skills 
Previous teaching experience which involves designing, implementing and evaluating both traditional and nontraditional methods of instruction preferred 
Strong problem solving skills and clinical reasoning skills 
Sound judgment, common sense, flexibility & compassion 
Ability to manage stressful situations, conflict and competing demands 
Coaching ability and diplomacy when dealing with co-workers and persons in the community 
Ability to establish and maintain good working relationships with clients, colleagues, management, community agencies, academic settings, students and volunteers 
Experience with group facilitation preferred 
Experience with computer applications – Microsoft office applications, Skype for business, SharePoint 
Competencies in other languages preferred, French an asset 
 Successful Applicants are required to provide a criminal record check (including Vulnerable Sector Search) to People Services before starting employment and assume any associated costs as a condition of employment 
 PLEASE NOTE:  Applicants relying on education and experience equivalencies must clearly state such equivalencies in their cover letter, resume, or application. Additionally, candidates will not be considered for an interview if applications are incomplete or are missing information. 
 Hours of Work 
 Long assignment, full-time position, 75 hrs bi-weekly 
Beginning Nov 30, 2020 with an expected end date of November 30, 2021 (Approximately 12 months) 
 
 Dates are subject to change 
 
 Salary Information 
 $41.6017 - $48.5042 hourly 
 Thank you for your interest in this position. Only those applicants selected for an interview will be contacted. Typically interviews are held within three to four weeks of the closing date. 
 Successful external applicants will be required to submit the below documents and assume any associated costs as a condition of employment. Additional documentation such as banking & proof of identity will be included in your offer letter. 
 Criminal Record Check 
Proof of education & training certifications 
Proof of any additional required qualification 
Valid registration with the relevant licensing body 
Submission of immunization record along with health assessment documentation 
Proof of SIN number 
 Hiring Process will depend on the timeliness of delivering the above. This is a Healthcare bargaining unit - NSGEU position. Preference is given to bargaining unit employees for unionized positions. Nova Scotia Health Authority is proud to provide a smoke free and scent free environment. Only online applications are accepted. 
 Nova Scotia Health Authority (NSHA) is committed to being a workforce that is free of discrimination, values diversity and is representative, at all job levels, of the people we serve. Our priority groups are Aboriginal People, African Nova Scotians, Persons with Disabilities and Recent Immigrants. Members of these groups are welcome to apply and self-identify if they wish to be considered under our Employment Equity policy. 
 Follow us on Facebook - https://www.facebook.com/NSHA.Recruitment/ 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
