Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Senior Manager – ITA Transformation, GPS 
 EY 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 EY’s Advisory Services is a fast-moving, high-growth area with huge potential. It offers variety, challenge, responsibility and the opportunity to realize your leadership potential. Being a member of our Advisory team means you will specialize in a particular competency - Risk, Performance Improvement, or IT Risk & Assurance. Our Performance Improvement team is focused on helping clients improve operational efficiency and security, while also reducing costs and managing risk. We help clients by delivering assessment, transformation and process efficiency solutions in specialty areas such as finance, supply chain, IT Advisory, customer, people and organization change, strategic direction, and program management. 
 The opportunity 
 As part of EY’s ITA practice, the IT Transformation Senior Manager will join our Government & Public Sector practice (GPS) to work directly with clients to solve their business challenges with technology solutions. Your goal is to support our clients' efforts to make their business units more effective and efficient and, where required, provide services in connection with the development and implementation of technology solutions. Your experience is also important in analizing ospecific business requirements for alignment with technology architecture, technology infrastructure design, and vendor selection decisions that support our clients. 
 Your key responsibilities 
 Manage project teams through all phases of the technology enablement life cycle. Lend specific subject matter knowledge to the design and integration phase of each project, helping to give specificity to the appropriate architecture, data model, and system design and interfacing requirements. 
Advise clients on a variety of business process issues that help identify, assess, manage and measure the organization's capabilities. Use business process, organizational and technology capabilities and knowledge across all core business units. 
Team with client technology professionals, and/or third-party strategic alliances to implement technical solutions for our clients. 
Participate in client engagement management, engagement execution and reporting, and client relationship building and management. 
Candidate must have extensive prior experience in development and creation of new business opportunities. 
Skills and attributes for success 
 The successful candidate should possess strong knowledge of and experience in supervising and executing all phases of the technology life cycle, based on proven project management and architectural methodologies. It is essential that the successful candidate possess a deep knowledge of technical architecture design and have a good understanding of technology tools and components to reasonably argue for and against all components in systems architecture. 
 Qualifications 
 minimum of 10 years overall IT industry experience 
a degree in computer science, engineering, accounting, finance or a related field; MBA or MS degree preferred 
demonstrated ability to deliver IT strategy / Transformation engagements for clients in diverse sectors 
3+ full lifecycle implementations of an ERP solution from inception to go-live and support 
proven track record in managing and supervising teams of technology advisors through all phases of the technology life cycle, including requirements definition, architecture, design, development, implementation, post-implementation, conversion and testing 
strong written and verbal communication, presentation, client service and technical writing skills, coupled with a strong interest in further developing and integrating operations with technology skills 
ability and comfort level researching client inquiries and emerging issues, including regulations, industry practices, and new technologies 
Reliable or Secret Security Clearance 
 Nice to have: 
bilingual 
 What working at EY offers 
 We offer a competitive compensation package where you’ll be rewarded based on your performance and recognized for the value you bring to our business. In addition, our Total Rewards package includes medical and dental coverage, both pension and 401(k) plans, a minimum of 15 days of vacation plus observed holidays and paid personal days, and a range of programs and benefits designed to support your physical, financial and social well-being. Plus, we offer: 
 Opportunities to develop new skills and progress your career 
A collaborative environment where everyone works together to create a better working world 
Excellent training and development prospects, both through established programs and on-the-job training 
 About EY 
 As a global leader in assurance, tax, transaction and advisory services, we hire and develop the most passionate people in their field to help build a better working world. This starts with a culture that believes in giving you the training, opportunities and creative freedom to make things better. So that whenever you join, however long you stay, the exceptional EY experience lasts a lifetime. 
 If you can confidently demonstrate that you meet the criteria above, please contact us as soon as possible. 
 Make your mark. Apply today. 
 EY is committed to inclusiveness, equity and accessibility. We encourage all qualified candidates to apply. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
