Skip to content 
 
 InterMine 
 Open source data warehouse system for the integration and analysis of biological data. 
 Menu and widgets 
 Search for: 
 Tags 
 
 Authentication 
 availability 
 beany mines 
 BioJS 
 bioschemas 
 BiVi 
 blazegraph 
 bluegenes 
 bosc 
 cdn 
 community 
 community call 
 community tools 
 conference 
 Cross InterMine Search 
 data browser 
 Developer conference 2017 
 downtime 
 Events 
 FAIR 
 FlyCAGE 
 FlyMine 
 grant writing 
 graph databases 
 gsoc 
 GSoC 2017 
 GSoC 2018 
 GSoC 2019 
 GSoC 2020 
 GSoC Final Project 
 HumanMine 
 InterMine 
 InterMine 2.0 
 intermine Boot 
 InterMine Model 
 InterMineR 
 internships 
 interview 
 iOS 
 javascript 
 maintenance 
 MOLD 
 motif search 
 neo4j 
 New build 
 new datasources 
 News 
 open access 
 opencon 
 openconcam 
 open data 
 open science 
 open source 
 outage 
 Outreachy 
 Outreachy 2020 
 Outreachy blogs 
 python 
 R 
 registry 
 Release notes 
 releases 
 request-for-feedback 
 science festival 
 semantic web 
 similarity 
 Software Development 
 Solr 
 student-post 
 targetmine 
 teaching science through crime 
 usability 
 visualisations 
 wheretofindus 
 whodunit 
 
 Recent Tweets 
 My Tweets 
 Our Projects 
 
 BlueGenes 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 928 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Where to find us 
 Department of Genetics 
University of Cambridge 
Downing Street 
Cambridge 
Cambs CB2 3EH 
United Kingdom 
 Category Cloud 
 bluegenes   community   Conferences   Cool Stuff Roundup   ELIXIR   Events   Flymine   gsoc   HumanMine   InterMine   InterMOD   internships   Interviews with InterMiners   KTP   maintenance   News   Outreachy   Projects   Release notes   Software Development   Uncategorized 
 InterMine Mobile 
 
 Tag: careers 
   
 Research software engineering as a career, #RSE2018, and programming languages as poetry… 
 Research software engineering as a career path 
 What is an RSE (Research Software Engineer), you may ask? It's a role that has existed for decades, but has only been using this name for a few years. As RSEs, we tend to be software engineers who work in academia, or perhaps academics who write production-ready code - or maybe both. 
 A common theme seems to be universities establishing RSE groups who work in consultancy-style ways - academics who have code, or have a need for code, approach the groups and are helped through their tasks, whether it be refactoring some old/messy/slow code, providing suggestions, or writing code to make their research easier. The RSE group may also provide training in programming languages, version control, best practices and other relevant computational basics that ease the needs of researchers. 
 Whilst I think most or all of us at InterMine would consider ourselves to be RSEs, we don't really fit this model - we all write code, we all contribute to papers, but all of our sub-projects and work focus around a single primary project - some of us are working to  make InterMine more FAIR , others to make it easy to  launch InterMine on the cloud , but it's still all InterMine. I'm sure we're not the only group like this, and it makes me wonder if there should be names for the different flavours of RSE groups out there. Central RSE groups vs. dedicated RSE groups? Consultancy / support / advocacy RSEs vs. RSE specialist groups? I'm not sure if any of these are quite right, and I'd be curious to hear what others think. 
 RSE 2018: a grassroots conference for research software engineers 
 Moving on from musing about job titles, though - a bit about the recent conference.  RSE2018  is the third annual UK conference for Research Software Engineers, but it's the first time I've attended, personally. It made a change to have a conference where everyone around was working in research and software development, but not all of it was open source or bioinformatics related. I relished the chance to meet and discuss career paths with others, and enjoyed perhaps too much when the late-night conference dinner descended into attempts to assign poetry genres to different programming languages. Java is obviously  epic poetry , but others get trickier. Terse Clojure might be a  haiku , and perhaps Python, with its structured whitespace, is a form of  concrete poetry ? 
 The conference keynotes varied - there was an introduction to a digital humanities project,  Oracc , which hosts annotated and transcribed  cuneiform , we were introduced to the Microsoft Hololens and some of the challenges and history of its creation, a talk about Google Deepmind, and I particularly enjoyed the keynote talking about the sustainability of research software. Given how chaotic dependencies make everything, it's no wonder that maintaining software takes a significant amount of time and money! 
 
 You could think of software dependencies like ripples on rainy water: all spreading out and interacting, becoming beautiful chaos as ripples interact with one another, say  @jameshowison . 
 Oh yes, I like this description.  #RSE18 
 -- yo yehudi🏳️‍🌈🇪🇺 (@yoyehudi)  September 4, 2018 
 
 There were some hands-on tutorials and workshops, but I mostly attended RSE-community related sessions. A couple that stood out to me, in no particular order: 
 
 Diversity in recruiting RSEs. We had speakers from Microsoft talking about their efforts to make their research staffing pool more diverse, which included gruelling-sounding half-days sessions where candidates were interviewed by four different interviewers in an attempt to remove bias. Somewhat entertainingly, the room this was conducted in -  the senate chamber  - had red throne-like seats and eight large portraits on the walls, every single one depicting an older white male. The irony was not lost upon the session attendees! 
 The RSE community AGM. Rather than being an informal gathering of individuals, the UK RSE group will soon be  re-launching as an official society  that members can join for a nominal fee. The AGM gave us a chance to hear about some of their plans (you can  sign up to hear about the launch date ), as well as the opportunity to share your wish list of likes, dislikes, and comments on the activities the group performs. I'm looking forward to interacting with the society and seeing where they head! 
 
 It's a conference I'd definitely like to attend again. If you missed out, you can catch up with many of the relevant points on twitter, under the hashtag  #RSE18 . 
 Posted on  2018-09-07 Author  yoyehudi Categories  Conferences Tags  careers ,  research software engineering ,  RSE18 ,  RSE2018 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
