Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Intern, Finance and Accounting, Budget 
 Ivanhoe Cambridge 
 __Montréal, QC 
 Apply Now 
 8-month internship (Full time) to start May 4, 2020 
Aim higher. Go further. Make a difference. 
 Are you looking for: 
A thriving company that continues to solidify its status as a responsible real estate investor and global leader? 
Colleagues who will challenge and push your talents to the top of their potential? 
An opportunity to help shape the cities of tomorrow? 
 Our Finance and Accounting, Retail team is searching for an intern who will make a difference and contribute to our ambitious goals. 
 Join our network! 
 WHAT THIS CHALLENGE IS ABOUT 
 Budgeting 
 Update budget work files; 
Apply specific controls and checks before budget meetings and throughout the budgeting process; 
Prepare documentation for budget meetings; 
Execute the required computer downloads; 
Make changes in TIPS following budget meetings; 
Prepare binders for regional meetings; 
Prepare files to track promotional revenues in order to calculate the owner’s contribution; follow up with marketing directors in this regard; 
Complete other ad hoc requests. 
 What we’re looking for 
University student in third or fourth year of an Accounting Degree; 
Long term goal of working towards CPA designation; 
Detail oriented with strong interpersonal, analytical and prioritization skills; 
Excellent communication skills (written and verbal); 
Fluency in written and spoken English and French; 
Excellent abilities with Word, Excel and PowerPoint; 
Knowledge of JDE would be an asset. 
 If you are interested in this challenge, please submit your resume. 
 Ivanhoé Cambridge develops and invests in high-quality real estate properties, projects and companies that are shaping the urban fabric in dynamic cities around the world. It does so responsibly, with a view to generate long-term performance. Ivanhoé Cambridge is committed to creating living spaces that foster the well-being of people and communities, while reducing its environmental footprint. 
 Vertically integrated in Canada, Ivanhoé Cambridge invests internationally alongside strategic partners and major real estate funds that are leaders in their markets. Through subsidiaries and partnerships, the Company holds interests in more than 1,000 buildings, primarily in the industrial and logistics, office, residential and retail sectors. Ivanhoé Cambridge held close to C$65 billion in real estate assets as at December 31, 2018 and is a real estate subsidiary of the Caisse de dépôt et placement du Québec (cdpq.com), one of Canada's leading institutional fund managers. For more information: ivanhoecambridge.com. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
