If you're seeing this message, that means  JavaScript has been disabled on your browser  , please  enable JS  to make this app work. 
 Dismiss 
 CCSA ~ WEDDING CONSULTANT TRAINEE - Become a Consultant/Coordinator 
 Wedgewood Weddings Brentwood](/careers/wedgewood-weddings) Brentwood, CA 
 Share 
 
 
 compensation depends on experience 
+ Bonuses 
 
 
 Full Time 
 
 
 Health Insurance, Dental Insurance, Vision Insurance, 401K / Retirement, Meal Plan / Free Food 
 
 
 Employer Very Unlikely to Respond 
 
 
 Are you a wedding FANATIC? If you are, we might be a match! 
 Wedgewood Weddings is looking for a dynamic addition to our Catering Team! We are accepting applications for a CCSA  (Captain, Coordinator, Sales Administrator)  ! 
 The  CCSA  role is the gateway position that is designed to train staff to become a full-time Wedding Consultant & Coordinator. Being a  CCSA  is the perfect manner in which to learn the  Wedgwood Way ! 
 This opportunity is a fantastic way to learn everything about producing and leading our events while learning the catering sales process. We create beautiful and extraordinary wedding ceremonies & receptions! This is a perfect opportunity to join our company at an entry level with the tremendous opportunity to grow. 
 Remember, we work when our clients and guests play, so weekend, evening and holiday availability is mandatory. 
 First and foremost, we are looking for candidates with a positive attitude and a brilliant smile! 
 Qualified candidates will: 
 ~ have a passion for weddings, events and the hospitality industry 
 ~ possess a college degree or be a current student in an accredited academic program or have substantial hospitality experience 
 ~ have two years' hospitality experience (preferred but not required) 
 ~ have strong computer skills~ solid knowledge of Microsoft Word, Excel, and Outlook required 
 ~ be able to analyze and solve problems while multi-tasking 
 ~ has tremendous interpersonal skills (verbal/written/listening/presentation) 
 ~ possess strong organization and time management skills 
 ~ have the willingness to do "whatever it takes" to get the job done 
 ~ be willing to work a variety of shifts, weekends, evenings and holidays 
 ~ be able to exhibit grace under pressure 
 ~ can relate to a diverse set of team members and clients 
 ~ be able to lift chairs, move tables and participate in the set-up/tear-down of banquets. 
 The position is a combination of the Reception Captain, Wedding Coordinator, and Wedding Consultant Trainee/Administrator. Individuals who are successful in all aspects of this position will have the opportunity to be considered for full-time Catering Manager (our Wedding Consultant/Coordinator role) jobs at this and other  Wedgewood  locations. 
 Reception Captain duties and responsibilities include, but are not limited to: 
 ~Set-Up and Clean-Up of all banquets 
 ~Managing vendors and banquet servers to execute perfect weddings and banquets 
 ~Maintain pro-active and constant communication with the Bride/Groom or Event Organizer to ensure fantastic results 
 ~Act as the Manager on Duty in the absence of the management team 
 Consultant Trainee and Wedding Coordinator duties and responsibilities include, but are not limited to: 
 ~Running the sales office in the absence of the Catering Sales Managers 
 ~Schedule and conduct personal consultations, invitations, details, and final meetings for clients. 
 ~Close sales & finalize contracts with clients. 
 ~Review previous business/clients and contact for rebooking. 
 ~Obtain guaranteed counts/payments/details for all events. 
 ~Communicate detailed information with the catering team. 
 ~Coordinating final details and guest counts with all vendors. 
 ~Coordinate wedding rehearsals and "Day of Coordination." 
 The compensation for this position is hourly with a quarterly bonus plan. Our company culture fosters teamwork, guest service, and individual accountability. We offer a competitive compensation package including health, vision, dental and life insurance. We also have a 401k plan with a company match after an initial waiting period. 
 Would you like to join us? Please apply via Workpop at your earliest convenience. We look forward to learning about you, your experience and your excellence. 
 
 
 At  Wedgewood Weddings  , we are committed to being a great place to work! From growth opportunities to our dynamic  " Wedge"  culture, we work hard to provide a foundation for building successful careers. To be one of us, you need to have these building blocks: 
 
 Fiery passion for success in the wedding/event industry 
 Devotion to hospitality 
 Excellent attention to detail 
 Flawless communication skills 
 
 Our ultimate goal is to deliver the best value, service and convenience (or, our trademark  Valservenience™  ) to every client, every time. To achieve that goal, we hire the most highly qualified people in the industry who share our philosophy. Our company culture fosters diversity, teamwork, brilliant guest service and individual accountability. Would you like to join us? We hope so! 
 More positions available 
 Apply Now 
 Apply Now 
 Password must have at least 8 characters 
 Continue 
 Already have a Workpop account? 
 Don't have an email address? 
 or 
 Continue with Facebook 
 By continuing using any of the actions above you acknowledge that you have read and agreed to Workpop's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Workpop is the preferred hiring service for employers and candidates worldwide. 
