
 __ 
 __ 
 
 FAQs 
 Shipping 
 Returns 
 Payment & Delivery 
 Contact 
 
  __ 
 
 HOME 
  SHOP 
 
 Mart Products 
 
 Smartphone 
 
 Earphones 
 Headphones 
 Microphone 
 Phone Accessories 
 
 
 Apple 
 
 Ipad-Iphone 
 
 
 Computer 
 
 Computer Accessories 
 Laptop 
 Laptop Accessories 
 
 
 
 
 Stack Products 
 
 Accessories 
 
 Car Accessories 
 Fitness Accessories 
 Golf Accessoriess 
 Home Accessories 
 Men Accessories 
 
 
 Tech Accessories 
 
 Adapter 
 Air Conditioner 
 Camera 
 Charger 
 Coffee Maker 
 
 
 
 
 Apps + Software 
 
 Apps 
 Software 
 Software Program 
 
 
 Courses 
 
 Buy Cheap Courses 
 
 
 
 
 AFFILIATE PROGRAM 
 MEDICAL NEWS 
 NEWS TRENDS 
 CARRERS 
 REAL STATE 
 RETIREMENT 
 
 
 My Account 
  __ 
 Product has been added to your cart. 
 12 Online Survey Jobs in India Sites that Actually Pay ₹20K 
 Online survey jobs in India is likely one of the perfect alternative for Indians to make cash from the use of the pc (computer or laptop) and smartphone. I will be able to display you the most efficient survey websites in India that in fact pay money rewards in Indian Rupee and likewise on-line surveys in India that has the choices to redeem profits for reward gift cards of the web firms reminiscent of Amazon.in, Jabong, Flipkart, and so forth. The entire Indian survey websites listed below allow free registration i.e., you can take surveys for cash without investment. 
 If you’re not from India, Take a look at the – Common survey websites listing. The websites listed below may only permit consumer registration from India. 
 Legit online survey jobs in india – Requirements: 
 Whilst there aren't any particular requirements essential to do online surveys, check the lists below are probably the most staple items it's possible you'll apply on survey websites, 
 Surveys can also be taken using both cells and desktop (computer, laptop) and tablets hooked up to the web. Cell survey apps make it more uncomplicated for smartphone customers. 
 Surveys can also be taken via housewives, scholars or even the one that doesn’t have elementary schooling. 
 Excluding English, Indian surveys are to be had in local languages like हिन्दी, தமிழ் (Hindi), and so forth. 
 You want an account in payment processor(s) like PayPal India, Payoneer India, Paytm to obtain your money. Few websites may pay without delay to the India checking account. In relation to reward gift cards, there is no need for payment accounts. 
 
 You may also like this – Paid to check E-mail. 
 
 Listing of trusted online survey jobs in india, that pay good money: 
 Those are the trusted survey websites in India to take online surveys to make money and reward gift cards. 
 Word: Sign up for greater than Five online survey jobs in india without investment an effort to obtain most survey alternatives. 
 You'll employ this desk to enroll in the most efficient survey websites in India without delay. If you wish to know the whole listing of payment options, you'll learn the detailed evaluation under this desk. 
 Top 10 Best Paid Survey Sites that pay in India 
 S. No  |  Panel Name  |  Survey Rates  |  Payments  |  Register 
 
 | Toluna | ₹30 – ₹90 | PayPal, Amazon + 5 |  Join Now 
 | LifePoints | ₹30 – ₹200 | PayPal, Amazon + 6 |  Join Now 
 | Clixsense | $0.50 – $5 | Payoneer, Check + 4 |  Join Now 
 | YouGov | $1 – $5 | Paytm, WU |  Join Now 
 | Xcel Surveys | ₹30 – ₹150 | Paytm, BMS, + 3 |  Join Now 
Ad. | CashKaro | 80% CB | Flipkart, Amazon + 1 |  Join Now 
 | Opinion World | ₹30 – ₹120 | Flipkart, PizzaHut + 3 |  Join Now 
 | Swagbucks | 30SB – 150SB | PayPal, Amazon +10 |  Join Now 
 | ValuedOpinions | ₹45 – ₹160 | Flipkart, Amazon + 1 |  Join Now 
 | PaidViewPoint | $0.03 – $2 | Flipkart, PizzaHut + 3 |  Join Now 
 | MobileXpression | Varies | Amazon, Jabong |  Join Now 
“+” (number) refers additional payment options | Survey rates – approx | CB – CashBack | ₹ – INR | $ – USD. 
 
 
 1. Toluna Influencers: 
 Toluna is likely one of the perfect survey websites on the planet is helping tens of millions of folks to make money rewards for his or her opinion. Toluna has separated services and products for Indians to give you the perfect imaginable consumer revel in to the customers. 
 Take surveys related to improving Indian brands such as financial products, online shopping, smartphone brands, internet services, food products & drinks, etc. 
 In addition to paid surveys, you may join their community to learn the trend by discussing various topics and voting the best. 
 Feel free to make use of Toluna mobile apps available for Android and iPhone. 
 Once you reach the minimum threshold points required, you can redeem your points for cash or gift cards. 
 These are the available payment options available on Toluna India with minimum withdrawal limit, 
 Cash Rewards – PayPal(  ₹500  ) 
 Gift Cards – Amazon.in(  ₹500  ), Flipkart(  ₹500  ), Shoppers Stop(  ₹200  ), Nykaa(  ₹200  ), BigBazar(  ₹500  ) & AirAsia(  500  Big points) 
 Also, get a chance to win 100000 worth ₹10000 Toluna points from the daily lottery. 
 Registration Link  – Toluna India 
 2. LifePoints: 
 LifePoints Panel is a top rate marketplace analysis corporate via International Take a look at Marketplace and MySurveys. LifePoints be offering loose club to Indians who can spend time to provide the opinion. Via offering opinion, you'll lend a hand with the advance of goods & services and products. 
 Be advised that LifePoints is one of the very few survey panels that send survey invitation daily. This ensures that you will receive enough opportunity to earn money taking surveys. 
 In order to ensure the best survey quality, you must complete your profile once you complete the registration process. 
 Hardcore users earn around 200 – 300 points daily on Lifepoints. Some of the premium LifePoints surveys pay more than 500 points upon completing the study. 
 LifePoints gives an option to redeem LP for cash and gift cards. Check out the minimum payout below, 
 Cash Rewards – PayPal(  ₹700  ) 
 Gift Cards – Amazon.in(  ₹300  ), Flipkart(  ₹300  ), BigBazar(  ₹300  ), Pantaloons(  ₹300  ), LifeStyle(  ₹500  ), Myntra(  ₹500  ), Shoppers Stop(  ₹500  ). 
 Registration Link  – LifePoints India 
 3. Opinion World India: 
 The Opinion International is the a part of the marketplace analysis corporate Survey Sampling World, LLC. Opinion International India gives localized services and products to the Indians reminiscent of giving rewards of Indian manufacturers, language choices, region-specific analysis, and so forth. 
 Opinion World surveys are high paying surveys in India that pay a decent amount of points for every survey completion. Usually, the OW surveys take around ten to twenty minutes to complete. 
 Users who don’t concentrate on giving true opinion might face some screenout issues. 
 The OW users who have minimum points can choose the range of popular vouchers, including Flipkart, Lifestyle, Myntra, Levis, PizzaHut, etc. 
 Registration Link  – Opinion World India 
 4. YouGov India: 
 YouGov survey panel is the best paying survey panel in India that will pay 50 – 300 issues for finishing surveys. Generally, it takes no more than 5 – 10 mins to finish a survey on moderate. 
 Their surveys are very interesting which will be mostly life based such as Politics, browsing, internet, smartphones, Indian brands, travel, TV shows, shopping, etc. 
 While I hate long boring surveys of other survey sites, I enjoy taking YouGov surveys that I never miss even one of those. 
 Once the user has accumulated 5000 points, they can redeem points for Paytm cash worth ₹3600, Western Union $50 or donate $50 to MSF. 
 Since Paytm cash is accepted all stores across the Indian subcontinent, YouGov should be a great option for the Indian residents who are looking for genuine online survey jobs from India. 
 Registration Link  – YouGov India 
 5. Xcel Online Surveys: 
 Xcel Online Surveys accepts citizens throughout 34 main states(incl. Union Territories) North to South in India.. 
 Once the registration is complete, the panelist will be invited to take surveys. They pay points every time when a survey is completed. 
 The survey points can be exchanged for cash rewards and merchandise. 
 Every single point equal to ₹1. The exchange program allows you to exchange your points to Paytm, Freecharge, BookMyShow, Lifestyle, ShoppersStop voucher. 
 Xcel Online Surveys is a simple and awesome program to enjoy taking surveys in India. 
 Registration Link  – Xcel-Online Surveys 
 6. Clixsense: 
 Clixsense is the sector’s perfect Receives a commission to web site that will pay the customers for taking surveys, finishing gives, taking note of the radio, gazing movies, and extra. 
 Every time you get inside your account, you can find more than 30 survey invitations waiting ready for you to attempt. 
 Serious Clixsense members make at least $15 per day taking surveys and doing online micro jobs. 
 Actually, Clixsense is not a survey panel but it is the place where you can find surveys of hundreds of brands including YourSurveys, Opinion Surveys(Toluna), Opinion World, Global surveys, SampleCube(Univox), Pure Spectrum, CINT, Samplicio.US. 
 Once you join Clixsense, you must complete your profile with correct details in order to receive invitations to take relevant surveys. Clixsense users who choose random answers will be screened out of the surveys in the initial level itself. 
 The minimum payout for Clixsense India users is $20. You need a Payoneer account to receive your payments to your bank account through NEFT. 
 Bonus CashKaro: 
 CashKaro is in fact no longer a survey web site. It’s in fact a advice so that you can save hundreds every month whilst buying groceries online. Save as much as 80% whilst buying groceries in Indian manufacturers and experience rebates. 
 Whatever you buy online in sites like Amazon.in, Flipkart, Swiggy, Zomato, Myntra, MakeMyTrip, Oyo, Ola, Uber, Netmeds, and thousands of familiar brands in India, you will receive cashback for what you spend. 
 Save more than ₹5000 per month just by activating the rewards before you start shopping in the sites listed above. 
 This applies to everything you buy online including smartphones, laptops, dresses, shoes, online food ordering services, cab booking, Medicine, Hotel booking, Bus tickets, train tickets, etc. 
 In addition to taking surveys in India, join Cashkaro and earn money by exactly doing nothing. 
 Registration Link  – Cashkaro 
 7. TellyPulse  : 
 TellyPulse is likely one of the favourite survey websites to Indian customers. The TellyPulse survey in the past referred to as Big name Panel, most commonly host surveys associated with their emblem merchandise and TV displays. 
 The surveys will be mostly conducted on Indian tv shows and sports such as IPL, ISL, ICC trophies, International Football events like Champion’s League. 
 Research is conducted to find the awareness of programs that are broadcasted via StarSports network and HotStar. 
 Surveys will be very very simple that will not last more than a few minutes. 
 Except for the survey pay from ₹26 to ₹154 per completion. 
 TellyPulse users can redeem their points for Flipkart e-Gift Voucher or BookMyShow e-Voucher. Minimum points needed for redemption equals ₹105. 
 Registration Link  – TellyPulse 
 8. Swagbucks: 
 Swagbucks is a number one online rewarding program on the planet that will pay for taking surveys, buying groceries online, balloting polls, looking online, and finishing gives on OfferWalls. 
 While Swagbucks works great for the people from top tier countries, the members from other countries do not get a maximum benefit from their site. 
 Indian users can still earn money by taking Gold surveys and daily surveys. 
 Survey pay can range from 30SB to 150SB based on the complexity of the research. 
 The SB can be redeemed for PayPal cash or gift cards of Flipkart, GooglePlay, Facebook, Steam, and more. You need a minimum of $5 account balance to withdraw your earnings. 
 Registration Link  – Swagbucks 
 9. Valued Opinions: 
 People who find themselves on the lookout for dependable marketplace analysis program will have to sign up for Valued Evaluations since their surveys are extremely attainable and prime paying. 
 Become the part of one of the world’s largest online research community to earn money by sharing your opinion. 
 Members can expect at least a minimum of 5 survey invitations per week from Valued Opinions that pays ₹45 to ₹200 per survey. 
 Panelists should make sure to complete their profile in order to ensure the invitations are sent based on the interest and to prevent screenouts. 
 Valued Opinions offers three ways to redeem cash for gift cards which include Amazon.in(  ₹400  ), Flipkart(  ₹500  ), and UNICEF charity donations(  ₹400  ). 
 Registration Link  – Valued Opinions 
 10. MobileXpressions: 
 MobileXpressions is a analysis app to be had for the Android and iPhone customers who want to earn cash the use of cell phone. 
 In the case of the MobileXpression app, you don’t have to take any surveys to get paid. Instead, this app pays you just for installing it on your mobile phone. 
 At the end of the month, you will receive a gift card of ₹300 worth gift voucher of any one of these brands based on the preferences – Amazon or Jabong. 
 New users must pass the screening questions to download the app. Direct download from AppStore or PlayStore will not fetch you the Gift Voucher. 
 Registration Link  – MobileXpressions 
 11. MOBROG: 
 At Mobrog, Indian citizens can actively take part in marketplace analysis research in an effort to make cash via collaborating in online and cell surveys. 
 Mobrog boasts that on average they pay around ₹30 to ₹250 per survey. 
 The members can withdraw their earnings safely and conveniently via PayPal. 
 Registration Link  – MOBROG 
 12. Paid ViewPoint: 
 Paid ViewPoint is a novel panel that gives online survey jobs in India. 
 What I meant unique is, the members will get opportunity daily to earn money by answering trait surveys that pay a few cents even in the case of unavailability of main surveys. 
 Paid ViewPoint is very simple offers the best user experience while the top brands in the market research industry confuse the noobs. 
 In addition to surveys, earn twenty-five dollars for every user referred to their website. 
 Payments are processed via PayPal in the midst of every month if the minimum balance reaches the threshold. 
 Registration Link  – Paid ViewPoint 
 Taking Surveys for Money in India: 
 While the paid surveys are open to all the Indian users, it’s only the people from Urban and Sub-urban areas qualify to take most of the surveys. So, update your profile with the closest city you live in. Similarly, in the case of states, the companies prefer research data from the residents of states with good Economy like Maharastra, TamilNadu, Karnataka, New Delhi, West Bengal, etc. 
 While most of the surveys are conducted in English, few surveys will be available in nationalized languages as said earlier. In the case, if you wish to take surveys in your native language(s), feel free to mention it in your profile and also select your preferences in the survey itself if you’re asked to. 
 Best online survey jobs in india will be mostly conducted related to Indian brands and Indian culture. 
 To say some, surveys were conducted to compare brands of a particular industry. Let’s take soft drinks for example where the top soft drinks will be compared and the data will be used to improve the soft drink based on the consumer opinion. 
 Companies like Pepsi Co. Coca-Cola spends millions of dollar in the market research each year to learn consumer views. This is organized with the help of market research companies listed above. The market research companies pay the base consumers like us for answering the survey. 
 Apart from the food products surveys are conducted in hundreds of categories which include IT, mobile phone, TV shows, Electronic appliances, Food, Travel, Hotels, Airline, Politics, Employee based surveys, computers & internet, Lifestyle, Sports, etc. 
 In order to control the type of paid survey invitations you receive, you must update your preference in your profile. 
 Try to stay away from the survey form filling jobs. They are most likely to be scams and even if they pay, it’s not reliable. 
 Hope, you would have got an idea of how to do online survey jobs in India without investment. Make use of the list of best survey sites in India that actually pay mentioned above to start earning money by completing surveys. 
 Recommended article  –   The most popular spot online to earn cash and rewards for sharing your thoughts. 
 Related 
 Leave a Feedback  Cancel reply 
 Treding Post 
 
 10 Reasons to Use Web Push Notifications in e-commerce site 
 How do I make money with Pinterest? 
 LifePoints review and presentation of the survey site 
 3 Ways Making money from Facebook: how do you do it? 
 Bodybuilding Forums: Building Bodies, Talking Buddies 
 
 Products 
 
  Saniwise Bidet Toilet Seat with Dual Nozzles   $89.99 
  Motorola FOCUS89 Full HD Wi-Fi Indoor Camera (2-Pack)   $79.95 
  Mobisan Mobile Plug-In UV Sanitizer Light (Black)   $29.99 
  GForce 3 Professional 7200RPM USB 3.0/eSATA External HDD (Black/10TB)   $199.00 
  fuboTV Streaming Service: 1-Month Subscription (Elite Plan)   $39.99 
 
 [sibwp_form id=1] 
 WFHLJ Shop and COVID-19 service updates. You may experience shipping delays. Learn More Here 
 __ 
 Сonsultation 
 Our team of sales managers and specialists will be happy to help you find the right products and offers 
 __ 
 Shipping& Payments 
 We accept payments through online payment systems, credit cards and bank transfers 
 __ 
 Newsletter 
 Be the first to know about upcoming sales, new collections and special offers 
 Please enter a valid email address. 
 Subscribe 
 LET US HELP 
 
 Contact 
 About Blog 
 Privacy Policy 
 Terms of Service 
 Join The Shop Club 
 
 INFORMATION 
 
 Shipping 
 Returns 
 Payment & Delivery 
 Frequently Asked Questions 
 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
 OUR STORE 
 
 My Account 
 Cart 
 Checkout 
 My Wishlist 
 
 __ 
 info@workfromhomelegitjob.com 
 MORE 
 
 Our Blog 
 Our Shop 
 All Products 
 WFH Ideas 
 Successful Online Businesses 
 
 306 Vine St, #7 ST, Claude, TX, 79019, USA © 2020  WFHLJ  by Jimmyfresh 
 Menu 
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience. If you continue to use this site, you agree with it.  Privacy Policy 
 Ok 
