Skip to content 
 Search for: 
 
 Working Home Guide 
 
 
 _ Work from Home 
 _ Technology 
 _ Guides 
 _ Business 
 _ Insights 
 _ Money 
 _ Career 
 _ DIY 
 _ Pets 
 _About
 
 _ About Us 
 _ Contact Us 
 _ Privacy Policy 
 
 
 
 __ 
 Should I Become a Data Entry Specialist? (Plus Other Work From Home Typing Jobs) 
 __ Oct 11 Nov 15  __ Working Home Guide 
 Did you know that you can make an  average of $15/hour  working as a data entry specialist? 
 And the very best part? You can do it from home! 
 Working from home used to be out of reach for many people, but it is becoming an increasingly viable option.  3.9 million Americans  currently work from home, which is a 115% increase since 2005. This number is only expected to keep growing too, and that’s great news for you. 
 If you think the only real work from home jobs available require a degree or specialized knowledge, you’ll be pleasantly surprised to know that there are many legitimate jobs out there that require no specialized education. 
 Read on to learn more about what it takes to become a data entry specialist, and what other work from home typing jobs are available. 
 Data Entry Specialists: What They Are and What They Do 
 Data entry specialists, sometimes known as data entry keyers, take data provided by a person or company and input it into a spreadsheet or some other electronic system. 
 Quite often, these specialists are taking information from paper documents (or scanned versions of these) and entering it into an electronic form. The data entered is of all forms and types. 
 Need an example? Imagine you’ve mailed away a form to a business. A data entry specialist would take the information you’ve provided on that form and enter it into the business’s system. 
 Who Can Be a Data Entry Specialist? 
 There are generally no specific education requirements to be a data entry specialist, but there are a few skills employers usually look for: 
 
 Computer experience: You should have a good grasp of general computer skills. This often includes knowledge of Excel (or another spreadsheet program). 
 Typing skills: You should be able to type quickly and accurately. 
 Time management and organizational skills: To be efficient, you should be able to manage their time well, and be able to manage/organize large amounts of data. 
 
 A World of Work From Home Jobs 
 Data entry specialist is just one of the many work from home typing jobs that are available. Other options include: 
 
 Reading emails: Yes, you read that right. You can actually get  paid to read emails ! 
 Transcription: If you’re a fast, accurate typing, transcription could be a good option for you. Transcription involves transcribing audio (e.g., a lecture) into text. 
 Medical transcription: Medical transcriptionists transcribe dictation from doctors. According to  Rev-Ignition , healthcare organizations are expected to increase their outsourcing of certain processes, which means this is a growing career option. 
 Typist: A typist is someone who  produces written documents , such as reports and letters. 
 
 Get Started on Your Work from Home Career 
 As technology continues to advance, more and more people will leave the traditional workplace to enjoy the benefits of working from home. If you’re ready to leave the office behind and work from the comfort of your couch, now is a perfect time. 
 Check out our  career guides  for more information on other work from home jobs and how to get started. 
 Posted in  Business ,  Work from Home 
 Work From Home 
 
 Operating a Business From Home: Essential Tips When Using an iPad for Business 
 
 Not sure what to do with your new iPad? The specifications of an iPad can   […] 
 
 6 Thoughtful Ways to Ensure Home Office Safety 
 
 Have you hit your funny bone for the last time? Are you about ready to   […] 
 Business Help 
 
 7 Ways Electronic Lockers Can Boost a Small Business 
 
 Did you know that ransomware attacks are increasing by 350% each year?   […] 
 
 Operating a Business From Home: Essential Tips When Using an iPad for Business 
 
 Not sure what to do with your new iPad? The specifications of an iPad can   […] 
 DIY 
 
 The Ultimate DIY Guide for HVAC Maintenance 
 
 Keeping up with your HVAC will only save your time and money in the long run. This article is the ultimate DIY guide for HVAC maintenance for homeowners. […] 
 
 Do You Have a Dirty Grill? How to Clean it the Right Way 
 
 Your BBQ grill has probably experienced lots of cookouts. But do you know how to clean it? Read this guide and get to cleaning! […] 
 Money and Finance 
 
 5 Signs You Need to Repair Your Credit 
 
 Are you facing a loan rejection at every turn? Were you itching for a   […] 
 
 Keep Your Money Safe: 8 Expert Tips on How to Protect Your Bank Account 
 
 If you've ever had trouble with making sure your bank information is   […] 
 Health 
 
 12 Tips On Preventing Cavities In Children 
 
 Tooth decay ranks as the most common childhood disease and unfortunately, […] 
 
 How to Naturally Boost Your Immune Health at Home 
 
 Whenever flu or cold season hits, people are always looking for the best […] 
 More from Working Home Guide 
 
 Is There Any Value in Old Computers? (the Answer Is Yes) 
 Top 4 Tips for Improving Your Work Productivity 
 Your Guide to Mastering Facebook Ads Manager 
 9 Voice Training Tips That Will Change Your Life (and Your Voice) 
 Adobe Lightroom vs Photoshop: Which Is Better for Beginners? 
 Career Corner: The Responsibilities of an Apartment Property Manager 
 Photo Sharing: Quick Ways to Get Your Phone Photos Into Your Friends' Hands 
 Party Down: 8 Virtual Events Ideas 
 
 Designed by  InkHive .  (C) 2021 Working Home Guide. All Rights Reserved. 
