Loading.... 
 LOGIN     SIGN UP 
 
 
 Hire Experts 
 Find Work 
 How it Works 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 
 
 SIGN UP! 
 Before you proceed to sign up, 
Please select one of the following! 
 I want to Hire 
 
 --OR-- 
 I want to Work as an 
 
 
 
 Home 
 » 
 Freelance Jobs 
 » 
 Customer Service 
 » 
 Customer Service & Support 
 
 Project Results 
 By Job Category 
 
 All  (532) 
 IT & Programming  (206) 
 Graphic Design & Multimedia  (64) 
 Writing, Content & Translation  (132) 
 Data Entry & Admin  (36) 
 Sales & Marketing  (46) 
 Customer Service  (6) 
 Finance & Accounting  (15) 
 Others  (27) 
 
 By Budget (INR) 
 
 All  (532) 
 Less than 5000 Rs.   (163) 
 Between 5,000 - 20,000 Rs.   (135) 
 Between 20,000 - 50,000 Rs.   (65) 
 Between 50,000 - 100,000 Rs.   (30) 
 Greater than 100,000 Rs.   (33) 
 Not Sure  (106) 
 
 By Project Type 
 
 All  (532) 
 Featured  (30) 
 Full Time  (3) 
 
 By Time Left 
 
 Any 
 Less than 24 hours left 
 Less than 3 days left 
 Less than 7 days left 
 
 By Posted Date 
 
 Any 
 Posted within 24 hours 
 Posted within 3 days 
 Posted within 7days 
 Posted within 14 days 
 Posted within 30 days 
 
 By Status 
 
 Any 
 Hiring Open 
 
 Search Job 
 Customer Service & Support Jobs 
 ( showing 1 - 4 of 4 results ) 
 Customer Service & Support 
 Clear 
 Get Project Updates 
 PAGE 1 OF 1 
 SORT BY Sort by Job Name Budget(High) Budget(Low) Time Left(High) Time Left(Low) 
 Customer care service 
 FIXED PRICE : 50,000 - 100,000 Rs.   Customer Service & Support  Posted: 13th Jan 2021 Ends: 27th Feb 2021  18 Proposals 
 I need smart workers and workaholic people for this job. This is basically a customer support which is totally work from home . A good internet connection is required. Only for females. Interested can place a bid. 
 I need smart workers and workaholic people for this job. This is basically a customer support which is totally work from home . A good internet connection is required. Only for females. Interested can place a bid. 
 Skills:  Phone Support 
 Client:  careeroptionltd.  ,  India 
 Female assistant for client  
 FIXED PRICE : 50,000 - 100,000 Rs.   Customer Service & Support  Posted: 21st Dec 2020 Ends: 04th Feb 2021  12 Proposals 
 Looking for female assistant, who can call and interact with clients. Work is similar to DSC. Pay wont be an issue. Flexible timing 
 Looking for female assistant, who can call and interact with clients. Work is similar to DSC. Pay wont be an issue. Flexible timing 
 Skills:  Customer Service & Support ,  Other - Customer Service ,  Phone Support ,  Technical Support 
 Client:  vwinsolutions  ,  India 
 Social Media Marketing, Live Support, Video Marketing and Html5 Game Developers 
 FIXED PRICE : 5,000 - 20,000 Rs.   Customer Service & Support  Posted: 14th Dec 2020 Ends: 7 days   11 Proposals 
 Looking for Freelancer or Employees - Part Time or Full Time. Must have strong Internet Connection at least 10 MBPS dedicated and have Power Backup - like generator because. Must have strong English Language Abil... 
 Looking for Freelancer or Employees - Part Time or Full Time. Must have strong Internet Connection at least 10 MBPS dedicated and have Power Backup - like generator because. Must have strong English Language Ability and Communication ability. 
 Skills:  Customer Service & Support ,  Order Processing ,  Phone Support ,  Technical Support 
 Client:  nigel007  ,  India 
 Customer Service Operations-Working From Home 
 FIXED PRICE : 20,000 - 50,000 Rs.   Customer Service & Support  Posted: 08th Dec 2020 Ends: 4 hours   37 Proposals 
 We are searching and seeking a committed Customer Service Operations Representative(Administrative Operations Manager) who is looking for a better and legit way to supplement your earnings from home and advance your care... 
 We are searching and seeking a committed Customer Service Operations Representative(Administrative Operations Manager) who is looking for a better and legit way to supplement your earnings from home and advance your career professionally. In this role, you are to assist the company with the recovery of outstanding payments and to satisfy customer needs through transparent communication. Your duties will include communicating with debtors via telephone and emails, negotiating payment settlements with debtors, listen to customer grievances, and peacefully resolve any concerns they may have. Additionally, notify customers about the service features that are exciting and relevant to their individual needs. Responsibilities: !. Take incoming calls from clients and listen to concerns, complaints, and questions carefully. !.Identifying accounts with overdue payments and keeping records of the amount owed and the length of the delinquency. !. Locating debtors and contacting them via phone or email to address their overdue payments and determine the reason for the outstanding debt. !. Communicating with the sales and accounting department to maintain accurate and updated information on client accounts and payments. !. Contacting customers to inform on delinquency, encourage on-time payments, and set up payment plans that can facilitate good credit. !. Reviewing records for accuracy and handling disputes to make sure that account information is entered and maintained appropriately. !. Contact clients about unpaid or overdue accounts, and attempt to collect or make the appropriate payment arrangements; update account information if a payment is made. Job Requirements: !. Strong communication and problem-solving skills !. Ability to multitask and regularly respond to emails !. High school diploma or equivalent !. Conflict resolution and de-escalation skills !. Comfortable sitting and speaking for long periods of time !. Must be 16 years of age or older. !. Must be proficient with basic PC skills. !. Must have an internet connection. !. Basic English written language. !. Basic English spoken language. !. Computer with internet access and respond to emails in a timely manner. !. A quiet working area away from distractions and follow the company's instructions. !. Must be able to work independently and get the job done. !. Desire to learn skills to successfully work from home 
 Skills:  Technical Support ,  Other - Customer Service ,  Customer Service & Support 
 Client:  kgeorge  ,  United States Of America 
 Next 
 NAVIGATE 
 How it Works 
 Fees & Pricing 
Register 
 Blog 
 Help 
 Contact Us 
 FIND FREELANCERS BY EXPERTISE 
 
 
 
 Developers & Programmers 
 
 PHP Developers 
 
 
 
 
  Graphic Designers 
 
 Photoshop Experts 
 
 
 Article Writers 
 
 Creative Writing 
 
 
 Data Entry & Admin 
 
 MS Excel Consultants 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 Internet Marketing 
 
 
 Accountants & Legal 
 
 Finance Consultant 
 
 
 
 FIND FREELANCERS BY LOCATION 
 
 
 
 Freelancers In India 
 
 Freelancers In New Delhi 
 
 
 
 
 Freelancers in Noida 
 
 Freelancers in Hyderabad 
 
 
 Freelancers in Mumbai 
 
 Freelancers in Jaipur 
 
 
  Freelancers in Kolkata 
 
  Freelancers in Bhopal 
 
 
 Freelancers in Bangalore 
 
 Freelancers in Punjab 
 
 
 Freelancers In Ahmedabad 
 
 Freelancers In Chennai 
 
 
 
 LOOKING FOR FREELANCING JOBS? 
 
 
 
 Fresher Jobs 
 Part Time Jobs 
 IT Jobs 
 Work from Home Jobs 
 Online Jobs 
 
 
 
 
 Web Design Jobs 
 Technical Writing Jobs 
 Freelance Writing Jobs 
 Accounting Jobs 
 Legal Jobs 
 
 
 Mobile Development Jobs 
 Data Entry Jobs 
 Game Development Jobs 
 Photography Jobs 
 Medical Writing Jobs 
 
 
 AutoCAD and 3D Jobs 
 HR Jobs 
 SEO & Marketing Jobs 
 Corporate Trainer Jobs 
 Web Development Jobs 
 
 
 
       
 Copyright (C) 2012-2020   WorknHire Technologies Pvt. Ltd. . All Rights Reserved. 
 To Top 
