[ 
 My Life Is A Vacation 
 
 ](https://wayfaringbridges.wordpress.com/ "My Life Is A Vacation") 
 Menu Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Bucket List 
 Asia 
 
 Japan 
 
 
 Central America 
 
 Belize 
 Costa Rica 
 Guatemala 
 
 
 Europe 
 
 England 
 France 
 Ireland 
 Italy 
 Northern Ireland 
 
 
 North America 
 
 Alaska 
 Florida 
 Maine 
 
 
 Photo Of The Day 
 How I Travel 
 
 Music 
 My Must Haves 
 Packing 
 Tips and Tricks 
 
 
 Blogs I Love 
 
 Search for: 
 My New Job And New Dream Destination 
 June 28, 2013 Daily Ramblings ,  Europe ,  Photos adventure travel ,  cheap international airfare ,  dream destination ,  fjords ,  international flights ,  norway ,  payless flights ,  travel ,  travel agent ,  vacation wayfaringbridges 
 Say hello to Stephanee, the Travel Representative/Marketing Director. 
 Fitting, right? 🙂 
 I very recently started at a travel agency that focuses primarily on international flights and I absolutely love it. Not only is it my perfect environment (I talk about travel all day, very day) but its an environment that  encourages  travel. A lot of agencies, unfortunately, are tied to their desk and only get to live vicariously through their clients. 
 As I've gotten to know the company more and as I'm working everyday, I'm starting to dream of new places that I want to go to. I get requests from people looking to go anywhere from Tehran, Iran to Bali, Indonesia. It's thrilling and always keeps you on your toes but it mostly makes me want to go with them.  
 The new destination that's on my mind is definitely the Norway Fjords. I've been seeing pictures and it's absolutely breathtaking. It's rocks forcing their way out of the sea and standing proud in all of their glory. There's waterfalls that fall heavily into the surrounding sea and trees clinging to the edge as though they're deciding on whether to jump. 
 I'm hooked. 
 But, if you're looking for a place to go and want a good deal, call me! 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Post navigation 
 <- Photo Of The Day 6-27   My Study Abroad Adventures -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 wayfaringbridges 
 I'm Stephanee. I'm 28, a former travel agent who got tired of selling trips to others and decided to start taking trips of my own. I'm traveling as far and as often as I can. 
  View Full Profile ->  
 Where Am I? 
 Just finished working in the Sebago Lakes Region of Maine and am currently living in Florida! 
 Next adventure: Dublin! 
 Travel Along With My Adventures! 
 Email Address: 
 Follow Me 
 Instagram Photos 
 No Instagram images were found. 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Traveler Turned Teacher 
 Spain or South Korea? 
 October 
 Peak Pics Series: The Bridge 
 Peak Pics Series: Into Rocky Mountain National Park 
 
 Search 
 Search for: 
 Archives 
 
 May 2020 
 September 2019 
 October 2018 
 February 2018 
 December 2017 
 March 2017 
 January 2017 
 September 2016 
 September 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 March 2014 
 December 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Categories 
 Adventure   Alaska   Belize   Central America   Daily Ramblings   Europe   Female Travel   How I Travel   Ireland   North America   Northern Ireland   Photo Of The Day   Photos   Tips and Tricks   Uncategorized 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
