Science News, Fodder for Fiction 
 SciLights Blog 
 
 Home 
 About SciLights 
 Topical News Links 
 
 Divorce 
 Domestic Abuse 
 Employment Trends 
 Gaming 
 Gynecology - General 
 
 Miscarriage 
 
 
 Substance Abuse 
 
 
 Your Input 
 
 Archive for category Writing Career 
 3rd Dramatic Situation: Crime Pursued by Vengeance 
 Posted by  DZAuthor  in  Polti Dramatic Situations  on October 22, 2011 
 This information is from Georg Polti's The Thirty-Six Dramatic Situations with supplementary synopsis where I could find a reference online. Each synopsis focuses only on the main characters and eliminates other aspects of the plot. III. Crime Pursued by Vengeance: Avenger; Criminal A. 1. The Avenging of a Slain Parent or Ancestor "The Singer" (anonymous) […] 
 36 dramatic situations ,  georg polti ,  thirty-six dramatic situations 
 1 Comment 
 Hogwarts School Houses Sorted by Personality Type 
 Posted by  DZAuthor  in  Fan Fiction ,  Literature ,  Personality Types ,  Writing Tools  on June 16, 2011 
 Several websites and numerous hobbyists have already given their input on how personality types can be arranged into the four houses of the Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry in J. K. Rowling's Harry Potter series. Add this to the list. I do not take this seriously. I am writing it with serious intent, but […] 
 Gryffindor ,  Harry Potter ,  Hogwarts ,  Hufflepuff ,  Ravenclaw ,  Slytherin ,  socionics 
 2 Comments 
 Developing Eyes for Details in Writing 
 Posted by  DZAuthor  in  Fan Fiction ,  Science Daily ,  Writing Career  on April 10, 2011 
 See Is Beauty Found in the Whites of the Eyes? 'Red Eyes' Associated With the Sad and Unattractive on Science Daily for the news of this research published in Ethology. How is an author to keep her fans from developing an unhealthy attraction to the wrong character? Type "Severus Snape" in a search engine and […] 
 fan fiction 
 Leave a comment 
 Lame Brain? 
 Posted by  DZAuthor  in  Entertainment ,  Neuroscience ,  Science Daily ,  Writing Career  on April 10, 2011 
 See Political Views Are Reflected in Brain Structure from Science Daily for details on young adult brain differences a report in Current Biology. The study involves young adults rather than hard-core, entrenched "wingers." Results from a study like this could lead to some very interesting brain-based biases in a future near you. Here's how this […] 
 biopunk ,  conservatives ,  liberals ,  Punk Side Story ,  Schlong ,  West Side Story 
 Leave a comment 
 I've gone and done it now: Harry Potter fan fiction 
 Posted by  DZAuthor  in  Fan Fiction ,  Physics ,  Quantum  on April 8, 2011 
 I'm in the midst of a Harry Potter fan fiction which will involve some quantum physics theory about time travel. So far I've decided to include the Schrodinger's cat thought experiment, as it is a bewitching example of quantum conundrums. I will also have some discussion of traversable wormholes and the concept of time and […] 
 DZMom ,  Fanfiction.net ,  Granger ,  Harry Potter ,  Hermione ,  HGSS ,  relativistic time dilation ,  Schrodinger's cat ,  Severus ,  Snape ,  time space continuum ,  wormhole 
 2 Comments 
 Imagine a World Where Brain Activity Is Visualized 
 Posted by  DZAuthor  in  Neuroscience ,  Writing Career  on April 8, 2011 
 See "People control thoughts better when they see their brain activity: UBC study" regarding a study published in NeuroImage. The link above discusses brain activity feedback shown to participants who undertook mental tasks. It reminds me of biofeedback experiments. The link also makes a connection to athletic coaching methods. An athlete often watches video tapes […] 
 3 Comments 
 Newest Fan Fiction 
 Posted by  DZAuthor  in  Fan Fiction ,  Literature  on May 13, 2010 
 I've started a fan fiction based on the Daniel X character in the current James Patterson series. I've taken the character Daniel and made him into a Don Quixote. If you'd like to read what I've got so far, go to my story at Dan Q: A Hunter. 
 Alien Hunter ,  Daniel X ,  Don Quixote ,  DZMom ,  Fanfiction.net 
 Leave a comment 
 Nothing like science news to cheer up from the winter blues … 
 Posted by  DZAuthor  in  Writing Career  on January 5, 2010 
 Science Daily2010-01-05Few Americans with major depression receive adequate treatmentSummary "Many US adults with major depression do not receive treatment for depression or therapy based on treatment guidelines, and some racial and ethnic groups have even lower rates of adequate depression care, according to a new study." Okay, tell me something new. I'm blue. How 'bout […] 
 Leave a comment 
 Character Worksheet for You  . 
 Posted by  DZAuthor  in  Writing Career ,  Writing Tools  on December 13, 2009 
 I have a gift for you, and you, and you, and you … aw, bummer, you don't feel special that my gift's not just for you, and you alone?  I can't claim any ownership about the idea of developing a character worksheet. As a matter of fact, my inspiration for creating the character worksheet came […] 
 Leave a comment 
 
 
 You are currently browsing the archives for the Writing Career category. 
 
 
 Search 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Thematic Notes on Harry Potter and the Philosopher's Stone 
 3rd Dramatic Situation: Crime Pursued by Vengeance 
 Anxiety research for fiction 
 ILE (ENTp) intertype relations 
 Temperaments and Alchemical Elements 
 
 
 
 Older Posts 
 
 
 Older Posts Select Month February 2012  (1) October 2011  (1) September 2011  (1) August 2011  (1) July 2011  (1) June 2011  (1) April 2011  (6) March 2011  (1) May 2010  (1) January 2010  (1) December 2009  (1) October 2009  (1) 
 
 
 I'm on Facebook 
 
 
 
 I'm on Facebook 
 
 
 
 Email Subscription 
 
 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 3 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 
 
   Strange Science {Daily} 
 
 An error has occurred; the feed is probably down. Try again later. 
 
 
 
   AAAS.org 
 
 An error has occurred; the feed is probably down. Try again later. 
 
 
 
 RSS Link 
 
 RSS - Posts 
 RSS - Comments 
 
 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
