Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Business Analyst - Full Time - Markham Site 
 Markham Stouffville Hospital 
 __Markham, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Who we are: 
Markham Stouffville Hospital (MSH) is one of Ontario’s leading community hospitals. Across our two sites (Markham and Uxbridge) and Reactivation Care Centre (RCC), we provide high quality, patient-centred care to more than 435,000 patients each year. We offer diagnostic and emergency services and deliver clinical programs in acute care medicine and surgery, addictions and mental health, and childbirth and children’s services. We are also proud to be part of the Eastern York Region North Durham Ontario Health Team (OHT). 
 Our 526 physicians, 28 midwives, 2,400 staff and 1,000 volunteers serve patients and families with an honoured to care mindset and are focused on delivering an extraordinary patient experience to the residents of Markham, Whitchurch-Stouffville, Uxbridge and beyond.. We are dedicated to providing access to the right care, at the right time, in the right place by the right people and at the right cost. Are you ready to join us? 
 Who you are: 
You are an innovative and patient centered individual who provides excellence within their profession 
 You are a team player with excellent communication, critical thinking and customer service skills 
 You have vision, flexibility, transparency, honesty and practicality 
 You are organized, accurate, able to multi task and meet deadlines 
 You support the patient experience, your colleagues and others cultural and spiritual beliefs 
 You encompass MSH’s core values and live the words of Respect, Trust, Commitment, Compassion and Courage 
 What we need: 
The Decision Support department at MSH provides analytical support to all sites and services across organization as well as to selected internal and external initiatives. Our team is composed of highly qualified and experienced data management and analytics professionals from a range of analytics backgrounds and use variety of methods from simple analysis to advanced statistical modelling to support our clients. 
 We are seeking a passionate, creative and innovative individual who will excel at providing data and analytical support for MSH’s clinicians, and corporate business areas. 
 You are seeking an exciting opportunity to showcase your talents as a business (Senior) analyst. You possess a strong work ethic and a passion for advancing healthcare through developing and reporting clinical, quality and operational Key Performance Indicators (KPIs); interpreting, visualizing, and presenting findings; developing and maintaining cross-sector scorecards and dashboards; and performing data quality investigations. 
 As an ideal candidate, you are comfortable working with large-scale clinical and administrative datasets, you understand how a hospital and/or information management environment functions. 
 Reporting to the Manager, Decision Support & BI, and working directly with other members of the Decision Support team and/or individuals at various levels within the organization, you will: 
 Analyze, interpret, and present data, and create and maintain technical documentation; 
Support clinical and non-clinical areas in the development of KPIs, dashboards, data visualizations, and reports (routine and ad hoc) for the purposes of monitoring and optimizing organization performance on quality, safety, operations, and planning; 
Provide analytical support and expertise to facilitate effective and efficient benchmarking and prediction analysis at corporate and clinical program-levels; 
Support reporting to various external reporting agencies including Ontario Health, and the Ministry of Health and Long-term Care; 
Conduct data quality investigations and engage in continuous data quality improvements; 
Commit to, and actively work to remain knowledgeable and up-to-date in the assigned field; 
Challenge the status quo and recommend innovative ways to improve reporting process efficiency and quality. 
 Compensation: 
 BAND:  TBD 
 What you bring to MSH: 
 Required: 
Completion of a recognized university degree in Medical Informatics, Industrial Engineering, Epidemiology, Statistics, or Business; equivalent combination of education and experience; 
Three (3) or more years of experience in a decision support environment in healthcare including experience preparing analyses of operational, and quality measures 
Experience working with the CIHI datasets (DAD, NACRS, OMHRS, NRS, and CCRS) and other large healthcare datasets (e.g., IntelliHealth, Case Costing) 
Working knowledge of health care funding methodologies (HBAM and QBP) 
Demonstrated proficiency in qualitative and quantitative data analytics, visualization, and reporting 
Experience with relational database structures and the extraction and manipulation of data using Microsoft SQL or Cristal Reports 
Strong programming and data management skills, including but not limited to proficiency in a statistical or programming tool (e.g., SAS, R, Python) 
Proficient use of MS Office suite (specifically Word, Excel, PowerPoint) 
Display a positive attitude towards complex challenges as well as routine maintenance and administration tasks 
Self-motivated and able to work independently with minimal supervision and also possessing a positive team spirited attitude 
Excellent interpersonal and client relationship skills 
Strong written and verbal communication and presentation skills 
Ability to multi-task with strong attention to detail within a fast-paced environment with changing priorities 
Adhering to confidentiality and privacy requirements for sensitive financial and clinical information. 
Demonstrated good attendance and performance records with the ability to maintain these same standards 
Demonstrates a commitment to a healthy and safe workplace for self and others (staff, patients, families, etc.) by taking all reasonable precautions and working in compliance with hospital related policies, health and safety legislation and best practices and completing relevant mandatory education as required 
 Considered an asset: 
A Master’s degree in Medical Informatics, Industrial Engineering, Epidemiology, Business, or an equivalent combination of education and experience; 
Prior experience in a major Health Information System (HIS), specially Meditech 
Prior experience in working with a Business intelligent tool, particularly “Information Builders” 
Knowledge of health care reporting requirements (e.g. OHRS and MIS guidelines) 
 Why to Stay and Grow with MSH 
 We are committed to making MSH a favored place to work and learn. We offers excellent benefits and programs to our employees, activated upon their start date. These include medical and dental benefits, a leading pension plan (HOOPP) with retirement income for life, group life insurance, and a strong vacation package. 
 Markham Stouffville Hospital takes pride in serving some of Canada’s most diverse communities. We are committed to fostering an environment of equity and inclusivity where every person can work and receive care safely, openly and honestly. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, colour, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, nation of origin, genetics, disability, age, veteran status, marital or family status, belief system, or other factors related to one’s personal identity and/or values. Furthermore, Markham Stouffville Hospital is committed to meeting the needs of all individuals in accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA) and the Ontario Human Rights Code. Should you require accommodations during the recruitment and selection process, please contact Human Resources. 
 Required Skills 
 Required Experience 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
