Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Recreation Project Technician 
 Capital Regional District 
 __Salt Spring Island, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Executive Services, Salt Spring Island Parks and Recreation 
 Competition 
20/178e 
 Status 
Regular Full time 
 Hours of Work 
70 hours bi-weekly 
 Rate of Pay 
$33.35 - $37.85 per hour 
 Review of applications begins 
4:00pm on December 8, 2020 however, will remain open until filled 
 Notes 
This position is located on Salt Spring Island 
 Summary 
This position is responsible for assisting with initiatives related to public consultation, project coordination, routine community planning, and the delivery of SSI services and public spaces. This position works closely with the Salt Spring Island Management team on community planning initiatives, including participating and coordinating the public engagement process. 
 This position requires an acceptable criminal record check. The applicant/incumbent will be required to undergo a criminal record check in order to work in this position and to report to their supervisor if any criminal charges are laid against them that may be related to their employment in this position. 
 Duties & Responsibilities 
 Provides assistance to connect the Salt Spring Island Parks and Recreation Strategic Plan and other CRD planning documents with CRD service delivery. 
Assists to provide project coordination with a goal to ensure SSI initiatives, parks and recreation initiatives, are completed on time and within budget. 
Assists with the preparation and coordination of park and trail management planning, infrastructure, and site plans. 
Assists with the research and preparation of environmental, recreational or social studies and integrates this research into planning initiatives. 
Drafts reports on a variety of project initiatives 
Assists to organize and coordinate public engagement initiatives and public consultations. 
Provides project coordination and management of related projects. 
Assists to prepare project charters, project scope and monitor project budgets. 
Liaises with CRD staff, including GIS staff on related GIS requirements. 
Undertakes research and participates in cooperative planning exercises with other stakeholders. 
Works with consultants on planning projects, as well as assists with the administration of contract and budgets. 
May act as a CRD representative to liaise with community stakeholders on related projects. 
Respond to inquiries from the public. 
Coordinate and/or participate on project teams. 
Assists with the preparation of data and related budget information. 
Drafts reports on a variety of planning initiatives. 
Conducts site visits, as required. 
Works cooperatively with staff, the public and commissions on projects as directed. 
Follows all policies, procedures and standards of the CRD. 
Performs other related duties as required. 
 Qualifications 
 A related degree, urban and regional planning, geography, public administration and community development, recreation management, business administration, with a focus on parks and recreation and project coordination. 
Three years related experience. 
Excellent communication (verbal and written), interpersonal and customer service skills 
Experience preparing park and trail management plans, studies and policies. 
Some experience with environmental, recreational and social studies related to park and trail management 
Experience with project coordination and project management methodologies 
Experience with contact oversight including demonstrated ability to provide guidance and direction, as required. 
Experience coordinating and facilitating public engagement processes 
Ability to provide guidance and direction to external consultants. 
Ability to establish and maintain effective relationships 
Some knowledge of park and trail planning principles and practices 
Knowledge of the concepts of park and trail planning and public sector land use planning 
Knowledge of natural area conservation and outdoor recreation management, ecosystem-based management and the use of environmental information in park planning 
Ability to collect and analyze data and understand a variety of technical reports, demonstrating a strong attention to quality and detail. 
Knowledge of research techniques and principles 
Knowledge of and ability to use various computer word processing, spreadsheet and project scheduling programs and databases 
Must possess a valid BC Driver’s License 
 Applications 
To apply for this exciting opportunity, please submit your resume and covering letter online at www.crd.bc.ca under “Careers”. 
 The CRD thanks you for your interest and advises only those candidates under active consideration will be contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
