Skip to content    
 
 Welcome to the Thunderdome 
 The art and eroticism of wrestling 
 ☰ Menu 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Welcome to the Thunderdome! 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 Facebook  
 
 
 Twitter  
 
 
 Instagram  
 
 
 Tag: Jobberpaloozer 15 
 I'm Still Standing 
 June 21, 2019June 21, 2019   cagethunderdome Leave a comment 
 Every match is a lesson. 
 As I said before, one of the biggest lessons I learned from getting in the ring with Cole Cassidy, heel extraordinaire, was to  always  leave something in reserve. Don't use all your energy and all your best moves because one that's gone you are fucking  done . 
 So, yeah, I got to put Cole through some of my best holds and moves. 
 But he had something in reserve-and all it took was a low blow (or two) to flip the switch on a match which I thought I had won and in the bag. 
 Filed under  being a nice guy and fighting fair in the ring is fucking stupid. 
 And let's face it, when your balls hurt, there's not much else you can fucking do-another valuable lesson from the master. 
 Yeah, this isn't going to end well. 
 Told ya. And this was just the  fucking start,  bitches. 
 Final, and most important lesson: the match ain't over unless your opponent is out cold. 
 The first step on my path to becoming a heel myself was finished. 
 Tagged  Cole Cassidy ,  heel/jobber ,  heels ,  Jobberpaloozer 15 ,  jobbers ,  ring matches 
 I Get Around 
 June 15, 2019   cagethunderdome Leave a comment 
 So, not only was I finally able to get into the ring-I also tossed Cole back in by his trunks. 
 Turnabout is fair play, after all. 
 Heels can also get over-confident, particularly when the match has, frankly, been pretty fucking easy for them so far. Cole gave me an opening and I took it. 
 And once I was in the ring, I was determined to not only get my own back, but to give him the ultimate humiliation of losing to someone he didn't see as a credible threat. 
 His gorgeous, perfectly defined abs made for an oh-so-inviting target, too. 
 He didn't seem to like me standing on them and flexing. 
 As I listened to his groans as I put him through the wringer, I began to believe, you know? Believe that I could beat him, believe that I could be a BGEast star, believe that I, a rookie in my first match for the company, could take down one of their biggest and nastiest heels-something no one else had done so far. 
 I also was learning that I liked being in control, punishing my opponent, and even humiliating him a bit. 
 I also learned about over-confidence. 
 TO BE CONTINUED 
 Tagged  BGEast ,  Cole Cassidy ,  heel ,  jobber ,  jobber/heel ,  Jobberpaloozer 15 ,  ring matches ,  ring wrestling 
 Touch My Body 
 June 10, 2019   cagethunderdome Leave a comment 
 It took me a while-and a lot of pain-to finally make it into the ring with Cole Cassidy. 
 He kept ambushing me-and beating on me-and not letting me get into the ring. I could get up to the ring apron, but once there-yeah. 
 Did I mention he kept  taunting  me, too? Yeah, there I was, crumpled on the mat outside the ring, my back and abs aching, trying to catch my breath…and then over it all I can hear him  sneering  at me. 
 Sneering. 
 Yeah, I took a lot of shit from him. 
 But you see-there's another lesson I learned early in pro wrestling:  never go to the well too many times.  Cole kept coming back out of the ring and after me…enjoying himself, obviously-and finally his overconfidence (and to be fair, who wouldn't be overconfident at this point? It's not like I'd even landed a fucking blow) was his undoing. 
 I got a great punch into his abs and doubled him over. 
 And it was time for some goddamned payback. 
 to be continued 
 Tagged  BGEast ,  Cole Cassidy ,  jobber/heel ,  Jobberpaloozer 15 ,  pro wrestling ,  ring wrestling 
 Body Rock 
 June 9, 2019   cagethunderdome Leave a comment 
 No, not intimidating in the least. 
 The set up for the match was basically this: Cage, new wrestler in the BGEast Arena stable, wants to wrestle, and has challenged, Cole Cassidy, one of the nastiest heels ever to climb through the ropes for the BGEast cameras. 
 This is what the write-up on the website has to say: 
 Cage Thunder is one well-traveled wrestler. He 's faced some of the toughest men all over the world, but is always ready for more challenge. Of course, plenty of his hard-earned experience has come at the cost of some harsh punishment, but the masked star has never backed down from a challenge yet. Still, someone might want to offer Cage a little friendly advice before he bites of more than he can chew, if he hasn't already. When Cage let slip he'd be willing to take on dom heel and destroyer of men Cole Cassidy, more than a few ears perked up, and at least one devious mind set the wheels of fate in motion. 
 When word reached Cole he had a potential challenger (victim) in the making, he just had one question: "Where is he hiding?" Cut to Cage Thunder's daily gym workout at one of the rings he frequents: sans mask, pumping iron with thoughts of taking Cole Cassidy to the mats on his mind? When none other than Cole himself barges in, Cage is caught off guard to say the least. His hopes that the alpha male doesn't recognize him, and just there for a workout, quickly dim as Cole's attitude makes it clear he's not here for a pump. The beast is a specimen of physical perfection as he slowly strips his street clothes away, down to a simple pair of briefs, revealing his marvelously muscled physique, every curve and ridge of muscular definition standing out in stark contrast, as though to impress anyone in the gym able to catch a glimpse. 
 When Cage tries continue his routine, Cole humors him, sliding into a weight machine himself and working up a sweat as he pumps up his already impressive pecs, watching an increasingly nervous Cage from across the gym. When Cassidy has finally had enough of the game and gets in Cage 's face, the soon-to-be victim tries to rise to the challenge, only to have Cole bury his fist wrist-deep in Cage's abs. Thunder finds himself slammed to the wall, gasping for breath before Cole's fingers clench 'round his throat and force him upright. A few more fists and knees to the gut with Cage pinned to the wall and Cole finally lets him slump down, choking and panting. "I thought you wanted to wrestle Cole Cassidy?" He mocks his already downed and exposed challenger. 
 And yes, for an aspiring pro wrestler, there's nothing quite so humiliating as getting your ass kicked completely before you even get in the ring. 
 Choked, stomped, slammed, punched and beaten  before  I even got in the ring! 
 And it was beginning to look like I was never going to even  get  in Cole's ring…. 
 to be continued…. 
 Tagged  BGEast ,  Cole Cassidy ,  jobber/heel ,  Jobberpaloozer 15 
 Ole King Cole 
 June 8, 2019   cagethunderdome Leave a comment 
 When I first started doing pro wrestling, I was told, "look at every match as a learning experience. The only way to get better is to learn." 
 So, what did I learn from wrestling Cole Cassidy? 
 I learned that he knew a variety of ways to bend my body into insanely twisted shapes, for one. 
 I also learned that an expert heel always has a reserve left in the tank-no matter what you've done to them, no matter how much pain you've put them in, no matter if you've wrung some submissions out of them-you pretty much have to knock them out to claim the win, because they'll always, like Jason or Michael Meyers, rise from the dead even more energized than before. 
 They  feed  off being punished. 
 And despite what you might read on the website's write-up of this match, I wasn't a complete practicing dummy for Mr. Cassidy. I got some licks in. 
 TO BE CONTINUED 
 Tagged  BGEast ,  Cole Cassidy ,  heel ,  heel/jobber ,  jobber ,  Jobberpaloozer 15 
 Both Sides Now 
 June 1, 2019   cagethunderdome 1 Comment 
 So, what I think is my last match ever taped for BGEast is now out there for purchase, streaming or however you watch your BGEast videos. 
 And yes, it's my second appearance in the  Jobberpaloozer  series, and I am wrestling this guy: 
 Yup, none other than Cole Cassidy. 
 Christ, look at that body. I mean….  look  at it. 
 In an interesting aside, the last match of mine to be released was actually the  first  one I ever taped. 
 Not in my best shape I was ever in for the cameras-I'd been on a grueling book/speaking tour that started in January of that year and didn't end until BEA in New York in June-but I was doing my best to hit the gym when I was at home and trying to eat right, but trying to eat healthy when you're on the road isn't always easy. 
 But I was very excited to shoot a match for BGEast, and I was even more excited to be scheduled to wrestle one of my idols, Cole Cassidy. I blogged about him sometime recently; but I became a fan when I first saw him in the ring against Tarzan Tyler Reese. So, when the Boss asked me who I wanted to get into the ring with, Cole was at the top of my list. 
 Dreams can come true. 
 But this could also be filed under  be careful what you wish for … 
 Intimidating, no? 
 I could be wrong, but I think I may be the only wrestler who's appeared in the  Jobberpaloozer  series as both heel and jobber. 
 Which is saying something-what that might be I am not quite sure, honestly. 
 TO BE CONTINUED 
 Tagged  BGEast ,  Cole Cassidy ,  heel ,  jobber ,  Jobberpaloozer ,  Jobberpaloozer 15 ,  ring matches ,  Tarzan Tyler Reese 
 Search 
 Search for: 
 Archives 
 
 August 2019 
 July 2019 
 June 2019 
 May 2019 
 April 2019 
 March 2019 
 January 2019 
 September 2018 
 August 2018 
 July 2018 
 April 2018 
 March 2018 
 February 2018 
 January 2018 
 December 2017 
 November 2017 
 October 2017 
 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
