Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Part-Time RN, A2/B2 Stroke Rehabilitation Medical Inpatient 
 Peterborough Regional Health Centre 
 __Peterborough, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Number of Positions:  1 
 HOURS OF WORK: 
Please note that the hours of work are approximate and are schedules are subject to change depending on operational needs. Any changes made to the hours of work will be done in accordance with the terms of the Collective Agreement. 
 Types of shifts:  Days, nights, evenings, weekends, holidays. 
 WHY WORK FOR US: 
Peterborough Regional Health Centre (PRHC) is a state-of-the-art regional hospital with a proud local history extending back over a century. With a capacity of 494 beds, our regional hospital has one of the busiest Emergency Department in Ontario and offers an extensive range of services, including specialized programs in renal, stroke, cardiac, cancer care, and vascular surgery. 
 We wouldn't be the hospital we are today without the people and nothing is more important to us than our team of dedicated employees. At PRHC, we pride ourselves on creating and maintaining an environment where people are valued, recognized, and treated with respect. 
 We offer competitive and comprehensive benefit plans, a pension program with matching employer contribution, professional development opportunities, employee and family assistance program, health and wellness programs (gym and yoga memberships, annual wellness fair, travel discounts) and a learning fund for educational development. 
 WHAT YOU’LL DO: 
The RN, as one of the providers of health care, has a unique role in promoting health, in preventing illness, and in helping clients attain and maintain the highest level of health possible.S/he is responsible for providing comprehensive care to patients, with predictable and unpredictable outcomes who may or may not be clinically stable.S/he will provide integrated rehabilitation care for a variety of patient populations but primarily stroke, ortho and amputee patients on the rehabilitation unit. The environment for care is characterized by coordinated interdisciplinary teamwork and best practice standards. 
 WHAT YOU’LL BRING: 
Current Certificate of Competence from the College of Nurses of Ontario 
 Preferred:  Rehab Nursing Certificate – RNAO and OARN (Ontario Association of Rehab Nurses) 
 Preferred:  Rehab clinical practice competencies 
 Preferred:  Orthopaedic/Rehab clinical practice competencies 
 Preferred:  Stroke (Acute and Rehab)clinical practice competencies 
 Preferred:  Alfa FIM certification and/or to be obtained within one year 
 Preferred:  FIM certification 
 Preferred:  TORBSST certification preferred and/or to be obtained within one year 
 Preferred:  Completion of “Stroke Orientation to Best Practices Workshop” 
 Preferred:  Completion of “Stroke Hemispheres” or commitment to completing independent online Hemispheres training within 1 year of hire preferred 
Current BCLS. 
Evidence of continuing education 
 WHO YOU ARE: 
Excellent assessment skills including neurological and/or Rehab 
Excellent organizational skills and flexibility 
Ability to work well in an interdisciplinary team setting. 
Excellent adult teaching skills. 
Excellent communication and documentation skills. 
Basic knowledge of computers and keyboarding. 
Demonstrated commitment to continuing education. 
Competence in interpreting and analyzing data and taking appropriate action/intervention 
Familiar with commonly used neurological assessment tools e.g. Canadian Neurological Scale, Glasgow Coma Screening 
Positive attitude and work experience. 
Current experience, rehab & knowledge of rehab nursing philosophy 
Demonstrated ability to work well with patients, families and all levels of staff 
Demonstrated ability to handle stressful situations 
Good knowledge of Meditech /Order Entry programs 
Demonstrated good attendance with ability to maintain this standard 
 OUR COMMITMENT: 
Peterborough Regional Health Centre is committed to providing accessible employment practices that are in compliance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (‘AODA’). Should any applicant require accommodation through the recruitment and selection process, please Notify us by indicating you require an accommodation in your application form. A representative from Human Resources will be in touch with you to tailor the recruitment process to meet your accommodation needs. 
 While the Health Centre appreciates your expression of interest in this position(s), only those applicants selected for an interview will be notified. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
