≡ Menu 
 
 Home 
 About Richard P 
 Videos 
 Work With Me 
 Resources 
 Team Training 
 
 
 Why You Should Work Harder on Personal Development Skills Than You Work At Your Job! 
 by Richard Petrillo on 01/21/2013 
 Tweet 
 Practicing Personal Development Skills are often overlooked by many of us. As Jim Rohn Says: "  Learn to Work Harder on Yourself, Than You Do on Your Job !" 
 Another one of my favorite quotes of his is: "  You Don 't Get Paid For The Hour, You Get Paid For The  Value  You Bring To The Hour " 
 In other words, the more valuable you become as a person, the more money will make because, we get paid for bringing "  value to the marketplace  ". 
 This certainly pertains to owning a network or internet marketing business. 
 When I first started working online I thought to myself, who's going to listen to me? I have no expertise in this field. I didn't even know what WordPress was. 
 I'll never forget the first time I looked into setting up a WordPress blog, I thought to myself, yeah right, this is never going to happen. Everything was Greek to me, I had no clue where to begin. So I did nothing, for about 2 months. I completely shut down to the idea of building a blog and gave up. 
 But, I was determined and convinced that the only way I was going to succeed in my home based business, was to learn how to market and generate leads online. So I started looking around at various personal development programs. 
 Without even realizing it, I had begun my journey  learning how to become more valuable . Another one of Mr. Rohn's quotes that made a big impression on me is: 
 " **  Formal education will make you a living; Self-Education will make you a fortune ** " 
 We must continually grow and educate ourselves, long after we graduate high school or college. They say, when you stop learning, you stop living… 
 Brian Tracy, another motivational speaker and personal development coach says: "We are where we are, and what we are today, because of our choices and decisions". If you haven't read his book, Change Your Thinking, Change Your Life, I highly recommend it. 
 Changing your thinking and sharpening your personal development skills will help you become more valuable, grow your business, and allow you to take it to the next level. If you want to earn more money, learn to become more valuable and  share  that knowledge with others. 
 One of the more important Personal Development Skills to learn is   Goal Setting. 
 Setting Goals  : 
 The most important aspect of goal setting is to write down your goals. Its best to attack your goals by looking at them as an open ended question. If you want to earn more money, (not that money is the most important thing in life) then your goal shouldn't be, I want to make more money. 
 Instead ask: How can I earn $100,000 dollars in the next 12 months? (be specific) 
 Then, sit down and write out 20 answers to that question. 
 It's often the most obvious answers that we overlook. By listing 20 answers to the question, it will become easier to see what has been holding you back. 
 Breaking down your life goals into smaller goals/steps will help you achieve your major goal! 
 Planning: 
 Jack Canfield advises when planning your day, do it the night before. This way you are free of all distractions. If you wait until the morning to plan your day, your day will plan you… 
 By doing it the night before, the payoff is, all night long your unconscious and subconscious mind will be working on how to make it happen. It will be pulling in information from your past memory into the present so you can utilize it to plan your perfect day. 
 It's the closest thing to having an employee working for you all night long. If you wait until the morning, you're going to miss out on this powerful opportunity. 
 In closing, the four things I would like you to take away from this article are: 
 1. To be successful in any business or job, you must learn how to become more valuable! 
 Working on personal development skills is just one piece of the puzzle. 
 2. Practice reaching Goals by asking specific open ended questions and make a list of at least 20 answers. 
 3. Lay out your plan for the following day the night before you got to sleep. This will allow you to focus on the tasks that are most important for the day. 
 4. Regardless of what your goals and dreams are, NEVER give up on them. I know it sounds cliche, but, just as you are reading this blog post now, I am living proof. IF you want something bad enough, and you're willing to work for it, eventually you will achieve it. 
 Please, take a few minutes to watch this video of Jim Rohn's. It's actually responsible for todays blog post. You can find a variety of other Personal Development videos by all the top motivational speakers here:  http://www.trans4mind.com 
 Today 's call to action: If you have a story to share, a favorite book or audio tape that will help us all sharpen our Personal Development Skills, please leave me a comment below. 
 To Your Continued Developing Success! 
 Richard Petrillo 
 PS: Grab This 5 Step Formula & Start Generating Leads Daily, Sign Up More Reps, and Make Money From the 90% Who Say NO to your Biz Opp!  Click Here  to get Started! 
 
 Connect with me on  Google+   Facebook  &  Twitter 
 Please share this post with your Google+, Facebook and Twitter friends if you enjoyed this post on why you should work harder on Personal Development Skills, than you work at Your Job! 
 
   
   
   
   
 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Related posts: 
 
 Work From Home Business Ideas  
 Are You Still Shooting Blanks In Your Network Marketing Business?  
 Using The Power Of Positive Thinking In Your MLM Business  
 5 Steps To Increasing Your Network Marketing Productivity  
 7 Steps To Effective Leadership Skills For Your Network Marketing Business  
 
 { 18 comments… add one } 
 
   Richard Petrillo  05/11/2013, 
 
 Hi Kimberly, 
 I couldn’t agree more with you. The most successful people continue to build upon their strengths and work on their weaknesses. 
Thanks for stopping by! 
 RichardP 
 Reply  Link 
 
 Kimberly Burden 05/09/2013, 
 
 indeed thanks for introducing the book. It's inspiring to become someone with value. I think this is the first step, realize that we are more of worth. And we should strive to increase our worth or value. 
 Nice post I learned a lot. 
 Reply  Link 
 
   Richard Petrillo  01/25/2013, 
 
 Hi Bert, 
 Thanks for adding value to this post with your breakdown on setting S.M.A.R.T. goals. I completely agree with you and was planning on doing a future article on smart goals. Paul J. Meyer has a book out called "Attitude Is Everything" which has been suggested to me several times. After reading his book I will look to post a follow up article to this. 
Thanks again Bert, 
 RichardP 
 Reply  Link 
 
 Bert Z. Burton 01/25/2013, 
 
 Ideally, goals should be S.M.A.R.T., that is: Specific, measurable, attainable, realistic and timely, according to Gene Donahue of Top Achievement. Therefore, when setting goals to improve your leadership or personal development skills, follow the S.M.A.R.T. format. You won't know you have achieved a goal unless you determine a specific way to measure it in advance. Set goals that are not too easy, but are within your reach. To avoid procrastinating, always put a time limit on the goal. This method works for leadership or personal development. 
 Reply  Link 
 
   Richard Petrillo  01/24/2013, 
 
 Hey thanks Rob, 
 I think that’s all part of a solid strategy. If you’re working on building relationships online and solid foundations, I assume meeting new people by commenting on their posts is all part of it. I’ve learned a lot by reading not only others posts, but the comments. It’s just one way we can work on ourselves! 
 Thanks for sharing Rob, I appreciate the feedback! 
 All the best, 
RichardP 
 Reply  Link 
 
   Richard Petrillo  01/24/2013, 
 
 Hello Lisa, 
 Thanks so much for taking the time to visit my blog and for reading and commenting. I agree with you, I've not spent the time working on me like I should. This is the year to change all of that. I love audio books, I do the same thing, it sure beats talk radio and since I listen to music less often that I used to, personal development audio books are a great way for me to get in touch. 
 I appreciate you being here, and look forward to reading and sharing your work as well. 
 Have a great week! 
RichardP 
 Reply  Link 
 
   Richard Petrillo  01/24/2013, 
 
 Hi Adrienne, 
 I haven't read that book by Jack, sounds like I need to . My first book was "Think and Grow Rich" I enjoyed the video above of Mr. Rohn's and my next book purchase will be Brian Tracy's Change you Thinking, Change Your Life. It doesn't surprise me that you've been making your list for years every night… That's something I have just started to implement. 
 Thanks as always Adrienne for sharing with us! 
 RichardP 
 Reply  Link 
 
 RobG 01/24/2013, 
 
 Hello Richard great post my friend, I can say I agree with you about us working harder on our own personal growth. 
 I have been focusing more on my online growth then anything else for the last few month. I'm building a much more solid foundation with the people I come in contact with so that it will help me reach my online goals. 
 Thanks so much Richard for a great article my friend I hope to pop-in often. Have a great day 
RobG recently posted.. How-to Convert Your Blog Into Your Online Business, The Starting Line 
 Reply  Link 
 
 Lisa 01/24/2013, 
 
 Twitter:  wealthmission 
Great post Richard! When I first started in network marketing, I did not understand that concept of working harder on me! That's all changed now but it was lesson learned! It's such an important thing for everyone. 
Jack Canfield rocks! I keep his Success Principles in the car and listen whenever I can! 
I am grateful that you did not give up on creating a blog because it's an awesome one with valuable info! 
take care and thanks again. 
Lisa 
Lisa recently posted.. Network Marketing Training – Why It’s Important 
 Reply  Link 
 
 Adrienne 01/24/2013, 
 
 Twitter:  AdrienneSmith40 
Hey Richard, 
 Man are you ever right about that. We definitely need to work on ourselves a whole heck of a lot more then our business. My own thoughts held be back for the longest time. 
 If I remember correctly, Jack Canfield's "The Success Principles" was the first book I read on that topic. It started making so much sense and I kept going from there. I know that our own minds hold us back the majority of the time so we have to learn how to take control of what we think. 
 Great steps you shared here and I've been making a list the night before of what I need to do for years now. It definitely works, got that from Jack. 
 ~Adrienne 
Adrienne recently posted.. My Holy Water Came Too Late 
 Reply  Link 
 
   Richard Petrillo  01/23/2013, 
 
 That's a Classic Steve! I agree, everyone in business should read it. I bought the audio version years ago, it's great to have on my phone, I still listen to it every now and then while driving around. 
 Interesting side note and funny you should mention Napoleon Hill. There is a new App coming out that will offer Personal Development content to mobile devices. Back in 2008, Greg Reid was sponsored by the Napoleon Hill Foundation to interview the worlds most successful people the same way Andrew Carnegie sponsored Napoleon Hill 100 years earlier to do the exact same thing. 
 I guess Greg will be providing videos and content for this new App. Anyone interested can learn more about it here:  http://bit.ly/13xlAN0 
 Thanks again Steve 
RichardP 
 Reply  Link 
 
 Steve 01/23/2013, 
 
 Twitter:  steve_dooley215 
Think and Grow Rich by Napoleon Hill is a MUST read. It will transform the way you think about success. 
 Reply  Link 
 Cancel reply 
 Leave a Comment 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 Comment 
 you MUST enable javascript to be able to comment 
 
 You can add a link to follow you on twitter if you put your username in this box. 
Only needs to be added once (unless you change your username). No http or @ 
 Click to cancel reply 
 Next post:  Is Your Copywriting Full of HOT A.I.R.? 
 Previous post:  MLM Information Overload! - How To Keep From Failing In Your Network Marketing Biz! 
 Expert Secrets - FREE BOOK! 
   
 The Bump Card Create Your Own Digital Online Presence! 
 
 Need a Great Web Host? Fast & Reliable! 
 
 Connect With Richard On 
 
   
   
   
   
 
 Save on Your Next Business Trip 
 
 Archives 
 Archives Select Month August 2020  April 2020  September 2017  October 2016  March 2016  November 2015  September 2015  August 2014  July 2014  May 2014  April 2014  November 2013  July 2013  May 2013  February 2013  January 2013  December 2012  November 2012  October 2012  September 2012  August 2012  June 2012  May 2012  April 2012  March 2012  February 2012  January 2012  December 2011  November 2011  October 2011  September 2011  August 2011  July 2011  June 2011  May 2011  April 2011  March 2011  February 2011  January 2011  December 2010  November 2010  October 2010  September 2010  August 2010  July 2010 
 
 ↑ Grab this Headline Animator 
 Best of The Best 
 
 Melaleuca Business Opportunity - 4 Things To Consider Before Joining Melaleuca! 
 How To Create The Best Restaurant Mobile Loyalty Program! 
 Developing Your Personal Brand - Lessons From Solavei & Vemma 
 Would You Promote You or Fire You In Your MLM Business? 
 5 Ways The Bump Card Will Boost Your Marketing! 
 Isagenix Business Opportunity - Consider These 5 Things Before Joining Isagenix 
 
 Free AWeber Email Guide Click The Image Below! 
 
 
 FeedBurner 
 
 
 
 Marketing 
 
 This site rocks the Classic Responsive Skin for  Thesis . 
 WP Admin 
 
*[WP]: WordPress 
