Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 EXEC ADMIN - Executive Administrative Assistant 
 BC Public Service 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Executive Administrative Assistant 
Executive Administrative Assistant 
 This is a temporary opportunity until July 31, 2022 
A permanent appointment may result from this temporary appointment 
An eligibility list may be established for future permanent and/or temporary vacancies. 
 If this position interests you and you meet the required criteria, we look forward to your application 
 The Ministry of Citizens’ Services performs a dynamic, corporate leadership role in government to support the development of an innovative, modern and robust technology environment; to improve accessible and responsive services and information to citizens; and to provide enabling infrastructure for ministries and the broader public sector to transform how government works on a day-to-day basis. 
 To provide secretarial and administrative services to the Assistant Deputy Minister (ADM), Government Digital Experience Division. 
 The BC Public Service is an award winning employer and offers employees competitive benefits, amazing learning opportunities and a chance to engage in rewarding work with exciting career development opportunities. For more information, please see What We Offer. 
 The BC Public Service is committed to creating a diverse workplace to represent the population we serve and to better meet the needs of our citizens. Consider joining our team and being part of an innovative, inclusive and rewarding workplace. 
 For complete details about this opportunity, including accountabilities, please refer to the attached job profile. For specific position related enquiries, please contact Melody.Olsen@gov.bc.ca. DO NOT SEND YOUR APPLICATION TO THIS EMAIL ADDRESS. For more information about how to complete your job application, add/edit your resume and for more useful tips when applying for jobs, please refer to the Your Job Application page on the MyHR website. If you are still experiencing technical difficulty applying for a competition, please send an e-mail to BCPSA.Hiring.Centre@gov.bc.ca, before the stated closing time, and we will respond as soon as possible to assist you. 
 NOTE:  Applications will be accepted until 11:00 pm Pacific Standard Time on the closing date of the competition. 
 Job Requirements: 
In order to be considered for this position, your application must clearly demonstrate how you meet the education and experience as outlined below: 
 Grade 12 plus a certificate in office administration or equivalent. 
 A minimum of 2 years’ recent experience in a Senior Management/Executive Office. 
 Recent experience must include: 
Experience managing multiple priorities while working independently in a confidential capacity in a senior management/executive office. 
 Experience providing administrative support services including calendar management; completing complex travel arrangements; coordinating, tracking, monitoring and responding to program issues, initiatives and projects. 
 Experience with MS Office suite and eApprovals (SharePoint). 
 Experience using initiative, sound judgement, tact and diplomacy to independently resolve issues and make decisions. 
 Applicants selected to move forward in the hiring process may be assessed on the Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies as outlined in the attached Job Profile located in the Additional Information section at the bottom of the posting. 
 A Criminal Record Check (CRC) will be required. 
 APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS: 
 Cover Letter:  NO - Please do not submit a cover letter as it will not be reviewed. 
 Resume:  YES - A resume is required as part of your application, however, it may not be used for initial shortlisting purposes. 
 Questionnaire (COMPREHENSIVE):  YES - As part of the application process, you will be prompted to complete a comprehensive online questionnaire to demonstrate how you meet the job requirements. Please allot approximately 60 minutes to complete the questionnaire. 
 IMPORTANT:  Comprehensive questionnaire responses will be used to shortlist applicants against the job requirements. Please ensure you include all relevant information about your educational accomplishments and employment history including job titles, start and end dates (month and year) of your employment, and your accountabilities and accomplishments. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
