Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Teaching Faculty -- Master of Counseling Program, Calgary AB 
 City University of Seattle 
 __Calgary, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Canada:  Part Time Teaching Faculty - Master of Counseling Program, Calgary AB 
 Category:  Canadian Positions 
 Department:  School of Health and Social Sciences 
 Locations:  Calgary, Alberta 
 Posted:  Oct 21, 2020 
 Closes:  Aug 31, 2021 - 11:59 PM EDT 
 Type:  Part-time 
 Position ID:  125831 
 About City University of Seattle: 
City University of Seattle (CityU) is a distinguished and comprehensive private nonprofit university and an affiliate of the National University System. Aside from its flagship campus and headquarters in Seattle, CityU offers programs in Canada, China, the Czech Republic, Mexico, Slovakia, Switzerland, and Vietnam. CityU has over 20 locations in the Northwest and worldwide. Many of our degree, certificate and endorsement programs are offered online, in-person, mixed-mode and in performance-based formats. 
 CityU staff and faculty are dedicated to providing accessible, achievable higher education to adult learners. As a pioneer in digital learning, we have been delivering online education for over 40 years. CityU is ranked by the U.S. News & World Report among the top for online bachelor's degree programs, and among the top online programs for veterans in the U.S. CityU prides itself on having a completion rate of twice the national average according to data from the Chronicle of Higher Education. 
 Job Description: 
City University of Seattle/Canada is looking for qualified part-time Associate Faculties for the School of Health and Social Sciences in the Master of Counseling Program. Ideal candidates are qualified counseling professionals with knowledge and experience in post-secondary education. 
 Course Summary: 
 Winter 2021 quarter starting January: 
CPC 529 Psychology of Addictions 
 This course seeks to comprehend the phenomenon predominantly described as "addiction", exploring and critically examining this phenomenon from multiple perspectives. This course places special emphasis on compassionate, collaborative, practices of engagement with what may be considered the clinically significant distress of others. This course explores, and critically evaluates, a range of frameworks, models, metaphors and theories seeking to make sense of the etiology of substance use, misuse and abuse within the context of the person's life and relationships. This course critically examines predominant and conventional ways in which "addiction" is understood, proposing and examining alternative ways of understanding the meanings people attach to the phenomenon of the "addiction" experiences. The course presents a sociological overview of the history regarding the social construction of what makes a drug licit or illicit, and examines associated outcomes. 
 CPC 512 Family Systems Therapy 
 This course introduces systemic thinking and a variety of Family Therapy theories and interventions. Students explore the history of Family Therapy, the Feminist Critique, Post-Modern Theories, Neurobiological Research, and the new evidence based models of Family Therapy. 
 Spring 2021 quarter starting April: 
CPC 524 Psychopathology and Psychopharmacology 
 This course is an investigation of psychopathology from a therapeutic perspective based upon observable patterns of behaviour. Students develop skills in diagnostic assessment and case conceptualization. Emphasis will be on diagnosis of syndromes, with introductions to etiology, treatment, and prognosis. 
 Fall 2021 quarter starting September: 
 CPC 502 Systemic Theory:  Diversity and Cultural Psychology 
 This course is an introduction to the theory, ethics and practice of diversity counselling. Students will examine the sociopolitical nature of counselling, the impact of counsellor and systemic bias, the multiple dimensions of identity, and the goals of diversity counselling competence. The course develops competencies through the students personal and professional exploration of value and belief systems, factors of power and oppression, racial/cultural/gender/ sexual orientation identity formation, and ethical practice. 
 Requirements: 
Part-time Teaching Faculty at CityU have three key responsibilities: 
 Striving for excellence in teaching and learning, 
Fostering student development, and 
Maintaining currency in their profession. 
 Minimum Qualifications: 
A Registered psychologist or clinical counselor with a masters or doctoral degree (preferred) in counselling and/or psychology 
A minimum of 5 years clinical experience 
Registration with an Alberta regulatory body consistent with field of practice 
Prior teaching experience is an asset. 
Skill in addressing student academic-related issues and concerns in support of retention and student success. 
Culturally competent to serve a diverse student and faculty body. 
Excellent oral, written, and interpersonal skills. 
 Additional Information: 
 Salary: 
The Part-time Teaching Faculty salary is based on the level of course (graduate, undergraduate, doctoral) and the number of course credits (1-5). 
 Delivery Mode: 
In person 
 Application Instructions: 
 Application Instructions: 
City University of Seattle accepts applications through this online process only. For consideration, please submit a complete application packet. A complete application is one that includes: 
 Completed Electronic Application Form 
Cover letter 
Resume 
 Once you have created a profile, please remember to record your password. If you use the 'Help Desk' feature, responses will be sent to your Interview Exchange account. 
 City University of Seattle is an equal opportunity employer and is continuously working to build a diverse faculty and staff. City University strongly encourages inquiries from all qualified individuals interested in becoming part of the CityU team, including women, Aboriginal peoples, persons with disabilities and members of visible minorities. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
