Skip to content 
 The Lovely View 
 live with beauty. 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Contact 
 
 Creatives sometimes have to get day jobs. We aren't failures. Deal with it. 
 Posted on  September 4, 2018  by  jbrucker 
 The public shaming– and defense– of actor Geoffrey Owens, the  Cosby Show  cast member who was recently "caught" working as a cashier at a Trader Joe's in New Jersey by various news outlets, struck me. I think it hit the nerve of every creative person, as many of us collectively jumped to his defense. Maybe for those  outside of  the arts– particularly the news outlets that ran with this story, Geoffrey Owens looks like a complete failure. To a working creative? He just looks like one of us. 
 We all struggle with this idea of "success" as a creative, and what that should look like. Generally speaking– and I know this is radical for those who think "exposure" dollars pay the rent– we want to be paid fairly for our work. Creative work is work, but it is not valued in our society, so it is very difficult to get paid sometimes. Also, it is inconsistent and fleeting. I have had great sales years, and abysmal ones, and all in between. 
 As a result, creatives learn how to embrace failure, or move on from situations, or redefine our creative path again, and again, and again. Sometimes it involves finding a day job or a side gig for awhile to get through the downturns, which come and go. 
 This is not something they teach you in art school, so you learn by doing. You learn to balance your need for money with your need to be creative. It is incredibly difficult. I have worked a large number of jobs over the years that were related as well as completely  un  related to being an artist: receptionist, office assistant, social media consultant, art educator, retail salesperson, graphic designer, nanny, tutor, gallery director, office manager. And I continued to be an artist the entire time. 
 So, for a creative professional, there is literally nothing shameful about working at a grocery store. 
 (Also, my very first job was at a grocery store. It was honest, respectable work. I was a member of the union. I was proud to work there.) 
 There's a hashtag that I see on Instagram called #creativelifehappylife. I used to use it all the time, but at a certain point, it stopped seeming genuine. Because, really, I am not in this to make myself happy. I am a better person when I am a working artist, but a lot goes into maintaining the life of a working artist. It is an investment of time, money, energy, passion, tears. It is sacrifice, risk-taking, and dedication to a craft. I keep going because I love it, but I don't think it makes me "happy".  I don 't think happy is even the goal. 
 Being creative makes me whole; being an artist is a part of who I am. To stop would make me unhappy, but not because a creative life is an inherently happier place to be. To stop would be to deny myself my full range as a human being. It would be, essentially, a lie. This is also why I hate when creative work that does not consistently pay bills is shamed and called a "hobby." This is not a hobby. This is a calling. 
 I think we creatives keep our side gigs and our day jobs when we need them so we can continue our creative lives. Our practice matters to us as human beings. 
 When I look at Geoffrey Owens, I feel immensely proud, as he continues his creative practice  and  finds ways to support himself. No creative should feel ashamed for the work they do, related and unrelated to their craft. All of it allows us to bring our unique vision to the world. 
 So, world,  since you asked,  here is my answer: rather than shame us, support us. Buy our art, albums, and writing. See our shows and concerts.  Be our patrons. 
 We are doing this work because we love it, and we want to share it with you– and we can bag your groceries too if need be. 
 No shame in that. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 __  Posted in  Art ,  art business ,  Artistic Process ,  Bravery ,  creative business ,  Enlightenment ,  Hope ,  small business 
 Post navigation 
 Thoughts on the artistic process. 
 Artists I Know: Michael Gadlin 
 
 3 thoughts on "Creatives sometimes have to get day jobs. We aren't failures. Deal with it." 
 
 Mike Untermayer  says: 
 
 September 5, 2018 at 2:53 pm 
 And Harry doesn't mind, if he doesn't, make the scene 
He's got a daytime job, he's doing alright 
He can play the honky tonk like anything 
Savin' it up, for Friday night 
With the Sultans 
We're the Sultans of Swing 
-Dire Straits 
 Reply 
 
 Michael Richards (certainline)  says: 
 
 September 7, 2018 at 12:50 pm 
 Such a terrific, compassionate and inspiring post. As someone with a creative life alongside my (demanding) professional life, I have to live with some people seeing my art as a 'hobby'. It isn't a hobby: no one compels you to collect stamps but the years when I stopped drawing and painting I felt strangely incomplete. We'd all love to be able to live from our art but we can't all be Jeff Koons or Damien Hirst (thankfully!). 
 Reply 
 
 jbrucker  says: 
 
 September 7, 2018 at 1:47 pm 
 Thank you! I am so glad you liked the post! I am also really glad we are not all Jeff Koons or Damien Hirst. What a sad, sad world that would be. 😉 I aim to be like Amy Sherald or Danielle Krysa/The Jealous Curator. FAR more interesting. Keep creating, no matter what life throws at you! 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Where the writings will go… 
 The Lovely View is moving. 
 The Persistence of the Gesture 
 The unexpected benefits of being an artist 
 How do you know your value? 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 jbrucker on  Creatives sometimes have to ge… 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Michael Richards (ce…  on  Creatives sometimes have to ge… 
 
 
 Mike Untermayer on  Creatives sometimes have to ge… 
 
 
 
 
 The Role of the Arti…  on  Being The Artist You Are 
 
 
 
 In the Studio with S…  on  Artists I Know: Sarah Win… 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 September 2019 
 August 2019 
 June 2019 
 April 2019 
 February 2019 
 September 2018 
 August 2018 
 February 2018 
 January 2018 
 December 2017 
 November 2017 
 October 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 March 2017 
 January 2017 
 October 2016 
 August 2016 
 June 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 January 2016 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 May 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 
 Categories 
 
 Art 
 art business 
 Artistic Process 
 Artists I Know 
 Beauty 
 Bravery 
 Color Theory 
 creative business 
 Creativity 
 Design Elements 
 Enlightenment 
 Exhibition 
 Gallery 
 Hope 
 interior design 
 Limited Edition Prints 
 Nature 
 Painting 
 parenting 
 small business 
 Ugly 
 Uncategorized 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
