Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Branch Manager 
 Nutrien Ltd. 
 __Colonsay, SK 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description: 
Branch Manager – Colonsay, SK, CA 
 At Nutrien Ag Solutions, we are devoted to the health and safety of all our employees and customers. During this time of uncertainty with Coronavirus (COVID-19), we are taking extra precautions in our Manufacturing Facilities and Retail Sites to ensure safety and limit exposure for all. Nutrien Ag Solutions is still hiring and we continue to drive towards our mission of Feeding the Future. 
 At Nutrien, our Purpose is to grow our world from the ground up and we do so with safety and integrity as our core values. Nothing is more important than sending our people home safe, every day. 
 Nutrien Ag Solutions is the retail division of Nutrien™, the largest crop inputs company in the world. As part of our collective mission of Feeding the Future, Nutrien Ag Solutions provides full-acre solutions through our trusted crop consultants at more than 2,000 locations in North America, South America, Europe and Australia. For more than 150 years, we have been helping growers achieve the highest yields with a wide selection of products, including our proprietary brands: Loveland Products, Inc.; Proven®Seed and Dyna-Gro®Seed; as well as financial, custom application and precision ag services. 
 We harvest the best. Diverse views and experience make us strong. We look for people who have a safety-first mindset, who are collaborative team players, who deliver on their commitments, who are innovators in search of a better way, and who believe in inclusion. 
 Working at Nutrien Ag Solutions will provide you an opportunity to help us Feed the Future, and grow your career. 
 Reporting to the Division Manager, this position is responsible for management and financial, sales and operations of the Branches. The Branch Manager implements and maintains Nutrien Ag Solutions’ reputation as a strong leader of Agriculture Inputs in the industry. 
 What you will do: 
Develop, implement and manage the Branch business plan and operating budget, including operating, financial and sales objectives 
Direct all aspects and daily operations of the facility to ensure safety, efficiency and profitability 
Review and analyze progress towards the achievement of sales forecasts and operational objectives on a regular basis, and initiates action as required 
Manage and responsible for sales forecasts and expected final results 
Define level of service consistent with sales volume and profit margins 
Responsible for all aspects of human resource management within the Branch including hiring, promoting, performance management, coaching and discharging within company policy and regulatory compliance 
Responsible for managing within and implementing the terms and conditions of the collective agreement(s), where applicable 
Provide effective staff development and training of Branch 
Responsible for the record keeping functions in recording sales and monies received, in maintaining inventory records, in requisitioning supplies in accordance to sales projections and movement of product within the market area 
Manage all aspects of physical resources including maintenance and repair, compliance with industry and Nutrien Ag Solutions’ regulations and safety standards to ensure a safe working environment at the Branch 
Responsible for retail audits 
Manage and responsible for inventory quantity and quality to ensure Branch will meet sales commitments and end-use customer programs 
Analyze capital requirements and provides recommendations regarding capital budget needs 
Liaise with customers, suppliers, division management and other appropriate industry personnel to promote Nutrien Ag Solutions’ products and services 
Responsible for and manage all invoicing and accounts receivable in accordance with company policy. Develops and implements a collection process as required 
 What you will bring: 
Grade 12 or recognized equivalent, supplemented with successful completion of Certificate in Agriculture, Agri-Business Certificate, or equivalent post-secondary education 
5+ years of progressively responsible experience in agri-business and/or other related customer service function. Equivalent combinations of education and experience, which result in the required level of knowledge, competencies, skills and abilities, may be considered 
Must possess a valid class 5 driver’s licence 
Applicant should have experience with crops, pesticides, and fertilizers in the current market. 
Excellent interpersonal and team building skills with a positive attitude and ability to establish relationship with branch personnel, peers and customers 
Demonstrated excellent written and oral communication skills to small and large groups with the ability to lead and influence 
Dependable, reliable, and safety conscious 
Ability to think calmly in high stress environment, and perform under pressure 
Effective time management, planning and multi-tasking skills 
 Are you a good match? Apply today! 
 Nutrien Ag Solutions is an equal opportunity employer that is committed to creating an inclusive workplace. We evaluate qualified applicants without regard to race, color, religion, age, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, genetic information, national origin, disability, veteran status, and other legally protected characteristics 
 This job will remain posted until filled. In accordance with Nutrien policies, you will be required to undergo a background check, and may be required to undergo a substance test. While we appreciate all applications we receive, only candidates under consideration will be contacted. 
 To stay connected to us and for the latest job postings and news, follow us on: LinkedIn, Facebook and Twitter 
 **EOE race/color/sex/sexual orientation/gender identity/disability/veteran 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
