Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Registered Physiotherapist 
 Arvan Rehab Group 
 __Guelph, ON 
 Apply Now 
 We are currently looking for a Registered Physiotherapist (PT) for a Long Term Care client in Guelph, Ontario. The Physiotherapist will work closely with residents to develop individualized treatment plans to help improve/maintain their mobility and overall health. (Starting: December 11th - 7 hours per week). 
 Job Duties: 
Perform physiotherapy assessments/re-assessments, and create treatment plans with clear and measurable goals for retirement home care residents. 
Provide clinical physiotherapy treatments for residents. 
Educate residents and their families on health care management, including self-care needs, and physical and emotional health if appropriate. 
Ensure proper documentation of treatments and progress reports for each resident. 
Communicate and work closely with the multi-disciplinary team (including nurses, PTAs, OTs, etc.). 
Supervise Physiotherapy Assistants (PTAs) and students/interns, and responsible for providing clear instructions to PTA or students to implement rehabilitation programs, group exercises, or one-on-one exercises. 
 Qualifications: 
Must be registered and in good standing with the College of Physiotherapists of Ontario. 
Must have Professional License Insurance. 
Excellent interpersonal and listening skills while interacting with residents or their families. 
Strong written and verbal communication skills. 
Experience working in a Retirement home would be a definite asset. 
ADP authorization is considered an asset. 
Current police check for the Vulnerable Sector is required. 
 
 If you are interested in the above position, please reply by attaching your resume and replying to this job posting. 
 
 Only candidates who are being considered will be contacted. We appreciate all the applications! 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
