Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Branch Manager 
 Martin Deerline 
 __Alberta 
 Apply Now 
 THIS POSTING IS FOR OUR FALHER LOCATION 
 You are a skilled leader—you know how to develop and grow a team while meeting the needs of our customers and ensuring that business processes are operating efficiently and effectively. Your customer service values are unparalleled, and you can execute them seamlessly. You have a passion for John Deere and have a minimum of 5 years’ experience in the farming/agriculture industry. WE ARE LOOKING FOR YOU!! 
 THE COMPANY: 
 We are one of Canada’s largest John Deere dealerships, leading the industry since 1965! It is not just the great products that make us an amazing place to work… it’s the People!! Work where extraordinary happens- it’s what we do together that sets us apart!! 
 THE POSITION: 
 
 Works closely with branch staff to meet customers’ needs. Respond quickly and effectively to customers’ needs with a helpful attitude on a timely basis. 
 Helps in the development and monitoring of effective business processes to ensure internal and external customer satisfaction. 
 Works with the management team in the development of the branch’s annual goals and budgets, in alignment with the organization’s financial and operational objectives. 
 Maintain an up-to-date analysis of the status of the branch’s performance on an ongoing basis. 
 Review and analyze monthly financial and management reports and use to effectively manage the branch and individual staff. Make corrections to operating Plan as necessary given market conditions. 
 Work closely with the Equipment Sales Managers, Parts Manager, Service Manager in developing marketing plans and campaigns. 
 Development and implementation of a comprehensive, annual marketing plan which identifies market coverage strategy, sales and market share goals, advertising plan and a complete product promotion plan including displays, demonstrations, customer clinics, farm shows, etc. 
 Assist with Equipment floor plan inventory audits and ensure they are properly completed, and all outstanding items are taken care of. 
 Monitors the maintenance of all buildings, yards, store tools, equipment and vehicles and makes sure that future equipment needs are budgeted as necessary. Ensure that the stores facilities are kept neat and clean and internal and external displays are updated on a regular basis. 
 Ensure Equipment available for sale is displayed professionally and is ready for delivery 
 Analyze the needs of the branch and develop a long-term continuous plan to ensure that we have the necessary personnel. Recruit, hire and develop and retain key talent to meet these needs with the department managers. 
 Effectively manage and develop the branch’s team through effective performance management processes done on a quarterly and annual basis. 
 Ensure Branch safety inspections and meetings are scheduled and completed. 
 Locally based, or willing to move locally to be part of the community. 
 
 YOUR SKILLS: 
 
 Minimum of 5 years’ experience in the industry with responsibilities for multi-faceted direction and planning. 
 Strong understanding of financial principles related to dealership operations. 
 Familiarity with John Deere and competitive products and a basic knowledge of agriculture. 
 Solid analytical, business planning, problem solving, communication, motivational and interpersonal skills. 
 Ability to speak effectively one-on-one and in front of a group. 
 Excellent negotiating/conflict resolution skills. 
 Solid coaching and employee development skills. 
 Basic computer skills with above average understanding of Word, Excel, and budgeting software operation 
 
 THE LOCATION:  Falher, Alberta https://www.discoverthepeacecountry.com/htmlpages/falher.html 
 Are you an OUTDOOR ENTHUSIAST?? Then this town is for you! Hunting, ATVing, camping, skiing, hockey, curling, golf!! Welcome to the honey capital of Canada, located 68km south of Peace River with a population of 1200 people. Escape the city and enjoy the tranquil life of the Peace Country!! 
 WHY SHOULD YOU APPLY? 
 
 You will love being a part of our Team!!! PLUS… 
 Full benefits package (RSP, Life & Disability, Medical/Dental) 
 On-the-job Training. 
 Employee Discounts!! 
 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Farming/Agriculture industry: 5 years (Required) 
 Management : 5 years (Preferred) 
 Customer Service: 5 years (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
