Hot Ham Design Blog 
 The space is deliberate 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 I AM…. 
 Website 
 Behance 
 Instagram 
 Issuu 
 
 Tag Archives: Career 
 New Job…New Mindset 
 Posted on  October 22, 2017  by  Jasmine 
 Last month I was really happy to have started my new job as a Template Designer at an established company, that develops Email Signature Templates. 
 It's been a learning curve and I am still learning new things everyday, the working day is also different each time. I come into the office every morning and never know what's in store for the day. 
 I absolutely love it! 
 My driving has also improved, apart from my mock test (…. yeah… forgetting that ever happened….) and I'm feeling really happy and confident about the big bad roundabouts!!!!!!! 
 It's strange to think this time last year I was about to start my journey to and from Slough everyday… working just round the corner from home is in my opinion, loads better and my mindset is definitely stronger and happier. 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 |  Tagged  Autumn ,  Career ,  Comparison ,  Fun ,  Graphic Designer ,  Happiness ,  Happy ,  Job ,  Last Year ,  New Job ,  New Mindset ,  Update  |   Leave a comment 
 Updates and stuff….. 
 Posted on  December 10, 2016  by  Jasmine 
 Alrighty! 
 My first month at OMM, has gone quickly but well. I've learnt a lot, and got back into the swing of designing which is great! My colleagues are lovely and have been super welcoming. Not to mention the occasional cake and mince pies around at the office, so far. I've mostly been drinking LOTS of tea nowadays… Coffee is still my go to thing, but Tea gets me through the day quite nicely. And of course the occasional beer / cider on a Friday… after 5pm. (Yes.. you heard that right… we're allowed to drink after 5pm on Fridays at the work place) 
 We had our Christmas party on Thursday… Ascot Racecourse… lots of drinks, the food was delicious and everyone looked incredible! We are a good looking bunch, I must say! 
 Apart from work, I have been thinking about designing my own Christmas cards this year, I have the sketches… now I need to not procrastinate and design them! 
 Of course Christmas is approaching quite quickly… the shopping for gifts has begun… each week I'm trying to get something without hitting the high streets! (But I think, at some point I must….) 
 I keep thinking back, that many months ago I was finishing up all my work for Uni… now I'm a Junior Designer at an Agency! I could not be happier. 
 Next year… I learn to drive! 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 |  Tagged  Card Design ,  Career ,  christmas ,  Christmas Cards ,  Design ,  Design Agency ,  Drinks ,  Fun ,  Future Plans ,  Good Fun ,  Graphic Designer ,  Junir Designer ,  Office ,  Party ,  Planning ,  Updates  |   Leave a comment 
 Exciting times ahead 
 Posted on  October 18, 2016  by  Jasmine 
 Following on from my last 'Update' post… 
 I've received an offer… 
 I have accepted! 
 Soon I will finally kick-start my career as a Junior Designer, after three months of hunting and applications I am feeling relieved, excited and… maybe a little terrified (but that will diminish before long). 
 To say the least I am looking forward to it greatly, and I will continue to grow and learn as well as to aspire in my own skills. 
 Still, keeping up with my own personal projects along the side, hoping to continue on with the Magpie series of posters, maybe turn them into other things such as stationary, cases, maybe even diary covers. The potential here is ambitious and maybe I could improve them enough to become more than what they are. A transformation one might say. 
 Well, let's see in due course! 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 |  Tagged  Acceptance ,  Ambition ,  Ambitious ,  Career ,  creative ,  Graphic Design ,  Graphic Designer ,  ideas ,  Junior Designer ,  Magpies ,  Offer ,  Official ,  Transform ,  Update  |   Leave a comment 
 Game Jam | General Update…. 
 Posted on  June 23, 2016  by  Jasmine 
 A couple of weeks ago, I took part in the University Of Portsmouth: Game Jam…. it was a week of working 9 - 5 with a lunch break in between, working in a team to build a game in a week. We had three themes to work with, Canadian Master Chef Episodes, Water Jousting and Sickle Cell Anaemia. Safe to say, all the outcomes were pretty awesome, my team named Pickle Shark, based out concept on Master Chef and Water Jousting, you can see the out come  here . 
 It was very fun and I learned how easy it was to create UI Graphics. (yeah… all right, I did the easy bit… the programmers and the other artist did the harder work). 
 Other news, I've applied to several design opportunities, unsure if anything will happen but trying to stay hopeful. Also, in two weeks I will be exhibiting at New Designers – Part 2, which is going to be exciting!!!! 
 In this break, I have been practising some lettering, which can be seen on my  Instagram , among type hunting and a Ziggy Stardust Scarecrow, which became a bonkers Friday night… Who knew there was such a thing, called a 'Scarecrow Festival'? It's pretty insane and fun too! 
 That's all for now folks 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 |  Tagged  Bonkers ,  Career ,  David Bowie ,  Fun ,  Game Jam ,  Graphic Design ,  Instagram ,  Job Hunting ,  Scarecrow ,  University of Portsmouth ,  Update ,  Waiting  |   Leave a comment 
 Daily ongoings…. 
 
 Just posted a photo   instagram.com/p/CKRV1_irl71/…   4 days ago 
 Just posted a photo   instagram.com/p/CKOpwj8LxFu/…   5 days ago 
 Just posted a photo   instagram.com/p/CKKec7eLMby/…   1 week ago 
 Just posted a photo   instagram.com/p/CKEHGhHBnij/…   1 week ago 
 Just posted a photo   instagram.com/p/CKCZBIprH38/…   1 week ago 
 
 Follow @JasmineHotham 
 Instagram 
 No Instagram images were found. 
 Follow Hot Ham Design Blog on WordPress.com 
 Website Powered by WordPress.com . 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
