Skip to content 
 
 Welcome to Ray Kim's 'blog 
 Thoughts about professional development, technical communication, technology, and living life 
 Primary Menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 My presentations 
 The Write Stuff 
 Troy -- A Major-League City 
 
 When Troy Was A Major League City -- Acknowledgements and Bibliography 
 
 
 Contact 
 
   
 Category: Public Speaking 
 Setting up my #Sessionize profile, and speaking opportunities -- #DataSaturday 
   
 The other day,  I wrote about  how  Data Saturday  -- the successor to SQL Saturday -- was making use of  Sessionize  for event applications and scheduling. In order to take advantage of the technology, not to mention future opportunities to speak, I took the time to  work on my Sessionize profile . 
 It turned out to be a lot of work -- much more than I expected. I already had my bio and my presentation descriptions within the application, but I discovered a number of other features that, I believe, will present me with additional opportunities to speak. 
 First, while Sessionize keeps track of events to which you apply through its application, I discovered that it also has the ability to enter external events not scheduled through Sessionize. Even the header on the external events page says, "Organizers love to see your talk history" (and I agree). So, I went through  my presentations page  to enter all my previous speaking engagements that I did not schedule through Sessionize. 
 Did I mention that it was a lot of work? I started speaking regularly in 2015. In that time (until now), I've spoken at 26 SQL Saturdays, two PASS Summits, seven in-person user group meetings, three professional development virtual meetings, and a podcast. Granted, I know people who've spoken at more events than I have, but still, that's a lot of speaking engagements. I added them to my external events, including descriptions and web links (where applicable -- since  PASS.org is no longer active , I linked the SQL Saturday pages to  the schedule PDFs that I downloaded several weeks ago , and a few other links to  any YouTube presentation links I had available ). 
 I also discovered that Sessionize has an option called "discover events" -- a feature that allows you to discover potential speaking opportunities. I had gone through the Data Saturdays site to apply to speak at (virtual) events in  Redmond  and  LA , but when I saw the "discover events" option, I got curious. 
 As it turned out, in order to use this option, I had to fill out sections for areas of expertise and topics, so I filled them out as best I could. Once I did so, I was able to view (and apply to) potential events. In addition to the two Data Saturday events, I also applied to the  VTTA Tech Conference  and  Techorama 2021 . (And Sessionize says that I still have an active application to speak at  Albany Code Camp , where I'd applied last year, but the event was wiped out by the pandemic.) I think I have a decent shot at the Vermont tech conference, and I have my doubts about being accepted to Techorama, but I figure, you never know until you try. 
 So far, I do like the Sessionize application. It does a good job of keeping track of my profile and my speaking engagements, and it could potentially open up more speaking opportunities. I'll admit that I felt some trepidation after PASS (and SQL Saturday) ceased to exist. I wanted to continue speaking at events, and I wasn't sure how to approach it once the SQL Saturday window closed. We'll see what speaking opportunities open up with this application. 
 Posted on  January 25, 2021  by  pianorayk Posted in  Being better ,  Branding ,  Career ,  Change ,  Data Saturday ,  Dealing with change ,  Maintenance ,  Networking ,  Professional Development ,  Public Speaking ,  SQL Saturday ,  Technical Communication ,  User Groups Tagged  Sessionize .  Leave a comment 
 #DataSaturday 
   
 After  the demise of PASS , a common question among data enthusiasts and PASS members was, "what happens with SQL Saturday?" SQL Saturday was backed by PASS, and as such, when PASS disappeared, so did SQL Saturday. 
 Enter  Data Saturdays , the successor to SQL Saturday. As I write this,  the first Data Saturday is in progress, in Guatemala  (virtually, of course). 
 I've applied to speak at the first Data Saturday in the US (so far),  event #5 in Redmond, WA on April 17 . I submitted three sessions: my presentations on  'blogging ,  job hunting , and  networking . 
 When I submitted my sessions, I was a little surprised to see  my information come up in the speaker's profile . My initial thought was that they had exported and imported my profile and presentation info from the PASS.org site, but I don't think this is the case. Data Saturday uses  Sessionize  to coordinate events, and as it turned out, I already had a Sessionize profile; I had created it last year for  Albany Code Camp , where I had applied to speak last year; of course, the event was wiped out due to COVID. I did notice, on my Sessionize profile, that my submissions are in evaluation for Albany Code Camp on September 25, so I'm assuming that that event is rescheduled for that date. 
 We'll see if I'm picked to speak for the Redmond event. There are a number of additional Data Saturday events listed as well; I haven't yet decided what other events I'll apply to speak. Even though the events are virtual (for now), they still require some work, and I'm wary of spreading myself too thin, despite my desire to speak at more events. 
 In any case, I'm looking forward to participating in this next endeavor. I'm looking forward to contributing toward these conferences, and, as always, I'm also looking forward to reconnecting with my  #SQLFamily  friends. 
 Posted on  January 23, 2021  by  pianorayk Posted in  Career ,  Change ,  COVID-19 ,  Data Saturday ,  Dealing with change ,  Networking ,  Professional Development ,  Public Speaking ,  SQL Saturday ,  Technical Communication 1 Comment 
 Archiving my talks, part 3: PASS Summit -- #PASS 
   
 With the imminent demise of PASS , I figured I should take  Steve Jones ' advice and  archive my presentation links . 
 I spoke at PASS Summit in 2019 ( in Seattle ) and 2020 ( virtually ). Naturally, I wanted to get as much as I could from my sessions from those two events. 
 Unfortunately, it appears that the pages from 2019 are no more. Even the pass.org/summit/2019 URL goes to the 2020 Virtual Summit page, not 2019. So, unfortunately, it appears that many (not all -- see below) references to PASS Summit 2019 are lost forever. 
 However, it appears that the  2020 PASS Virtual Summit  page appears to still be active (until next week), so I figured I should grab whatever I could from my presentation. 
 Alas, getting material from the PASS Summit page is not as straightforward as  from the SQL Saturday pages . Unlike the SQL Saturday pages, I did not see a "create PDF" option for the schedule. I did grab screen captures for both my speaker's description page and my presentation session page (as seen below). 
 My 2020 PASS Summit speaker's page My 2020 PASS Summit session page 
 I mentioned that just about all references to 2019 PASS Summit appear to be gone. One thing I did manage to download from 2019 was my session recording. Like  my virtual group recordings , I took my recording and uploaded it to my personal YouTube.  You can view my 2019 PASS Summit presentation here . 
 I did not do the same with my 2020 presentation.  As I mentioned , I ended up having technical issues with my presentation, so I elected not to download it. ( Steve Jones  suggested that I re-record it and upload it to the PASS Summit site, but that was before PASS announced they were shutting down. I don't see the point of doing it now.) 
 At the moment, I believe that takes care of most of my speaking archive. (There's also the links to my in-person user group talks, but those are archived on  Meetup , and are controlled by individual user groups, not PASS, so they're not as urgent.) I'll keep poking around to make sure I haven't missed anything,. 
 Posted on  January 7, 2021  by  pianorayk Posted in  #PASSSummit2020 ,  Career ,  Change ,  Dealing with change ,  PASS Summit ,  Professional Development ,  Public Speaking ,  Technical Communication ,  User Groups Tagged  Backups ,  PASS ,  Virtual Groups .  Leave a comment 
 January CASSUG Monthly Meeting 
   
 Our January meeting will again be online. NOTE: you MUST RSVP to this Meetup ( https://www.meetup.com/Capital-Area-SQL…/events/275432320/ ) to view the Zoom URL! 
 Our January guest speaker is Bob Ward! 
 Topic: SQL Server Edge to Cloud 
 SQL Server is everywhere you need it from the IOT Edge to your cloud to public clouds. With all of these options it can be difficult to know which to choose and why each options may be right for your data needs. In this presentation, I’ll review with you all the current released and preview versions of SQL Server from the edge to the cloud. I’ll compare each of them and discuss why you want to get ahead of the curve by understand what is possible with the modern SQL Server. I’ll discuss technical details of some of these options so you can understand what SQL Server flavor fits your company needs. This session will include some demos to highlight key innovations with SQL Server. 
 About Bob: 
 Bob Ward is a Principal Architect for the Microsoft Azure Data SQL Server team, which owns the development for all SQL Server versions. Bob has worked for Microsoft for 26+ years on every version of SQL Server shipped from OS/2 1.1 to SQL Server 2019 including Azure SQL. Bob is a well-known speaker on SQL Server, often presenting talks on new releases, internals, and performance at events such as PASS Summit, Red Hat Summit, Microsoft Ready, SQLBits, SQLIntersection, Microsoft Inspire, and Microsoft Ignite. You can follow him at @bobwardms or linkedin.com/in/bobwardms. Bob is the author of the books Pro SQL Server on Linux and SQL Server 2019 Revealed available from Apress Media. 
 Our online meeting schedule is as follows: 
6:00: General chat, discussion, and announcements 
6:30: Presentation 
We usually wrap up between 7:30 PM and 8:00 PM. 
 Please RSVP to this Meetup (use the link above), then use the online event URL to join (note: you MUST RSVP for the URL to be visible). We will send out a meeting password as we get closer to the event. 
 Thanks to our sponsor, Datto, for making this event possible! 
 Posted on  December 29, 2020  by  pianorayk Posted in  Career ,  Data processing ,  Database ,  Microsoft ,  Networking ,  Professional Development ,  Public Speaking ,  SQL Server ,  User Groups Leave a comment 
 Archiving my talks, part 2: Presentation videos -- #PASS 
   
 With the imminent demise of PASS , I figured I should take  Steve Jones ' advice and  archive my presentation links . 
 I've done a few presentations for the  PASS Professional Development Virtual Group . Of those presentations, two of them were recorded to  the group's YouTube channel . 
 Because the channel lives on  YouTube  and not PASS, I have no idea whether or not it will disappear when PASS does. Nevertheless, I decided I didn't want to find out. Better to be safe. 
 I downloaded the two recordings that I did for the PASS virtual group and reuploaded them to my own personal YouTube channel. Even if  PASS  decides to drop the channel, the videos will continue to live on my own channel. 
 So, at the moment, I currently have three PASS-related presentations on my personal YouTube channel. 
 
 Networking 101: Building professional relationships  (Virtual SQL Saturday #961 Albany, July 25, 2020) 
 I lost my job! Now what?!?  (PASS Professional Development virtual group, May 28, 2020) 
 Blogging for Success: Advancing your career by blogging  (PASS Professional Development virtual group, January 21, 2020) 
 
 Links to these videos are also available on  my presentations page . Note that my Professional Development Virtual Group presentations still point to the PASS YouTube channel videos, but if PASS decides to drop the channel, I'll change the links to point to the videos on my own channel, where they'll live indefinitely. 
 Posted on  December 29, 2020  by  pianorayk Posted in  Career ,  Change ,  Dealing with change ,  Professional Development ,  Public Speaking ,  Technical Communication ,  User Groups Tagged  Backups ,  PASS ,  Virtual Groups .  2 Comments 
 Archiving my talks, part 1: #SQLSaturday schedule PDFs -- #PASS 
   
 With the imminent demise of PASS , I figured I should take  Steve Jones ' advice and  archive my presentation links . 
 For this round, I went through all the  SQL Saturday  events where I spoke and downloaded the schedules. Each SQL Saturday schedule has a link to save it to PDF (there is an "Export to PDF" link at the bottom of each schedule). 
 I saved the PDFs to my 'blog media and created links to them. You can download these schedules by going to  my presentation schedule  and clicking any link labeled "schedule PDF." 
 For now, I'm only concerned with links hosted on PASS websites, such as SQL Saturday and PASS Summit (which I'll do for the next round). I'm not as concerned (yet) with Meetup, YouTube, or podcasts I've done that are not hosted on PASS websites. I'll update these links as I go along. 
 Posted on  December 29, 2020  by  pianorayk Posted in  Career ,  Change ,  Dealing with change ,  Documentation ,  Maintenance ,  PASS Summit ,  Podcast ,  Professional Development ,  Public Speaking ,  SQL Saturday ,  Technical Communication ,  User Groups Tagged  Backups ,  PASS .  2 Comments 
 #SQLSaturday Minnesota -- the debrief #SQLSat1017 #SQLSatMN 
   
 I don't think I have to tell anyone what a crazy year 2020 has been (and I won't belabor the point). As such, many of us have had their fill of Zoom meetings and virtual conferences. I've heard a lot from people, myself included, about their dealings with pandemic fatigue and how burned out they are by virtual conferences. 
 And then, along came  Minnesota SQL Saturday . 
 Before today, I'd spoken at or attended four virtual PASS events:  SQL Saturdays  in  Albany ,  Memphis , and  Montreal , and  PASS Summit . In spite of the challenges faced with putting on virtual events -- uncharted territory for all of us -- the events went about as well as they could. There were glitches and lessons learned, but for the most part, they went about as well as virtual conferences -- being put on for the first time -- could go. 
 Minnesota, however, raised the bar. The event went through a great deal of thought and planning, and it showed. This is not a slight against other events, as we were all breaking new ground in putting together virtual events; rather, Minnesota demonstrated a better way to do it. 
 I'll start with Friday night. At many of the in-person SQL Saturday events where I've spoken, organizers put together a speaker's dinner on Friday night. In lieu of that, Minnesota organized a Zoom session allowing speakers to get to know the organizers and other speakers (Memphis did the same thing). In addition, however, Minnesota also organized a test run using  GoToMeeting  sessions (the virtual meeting application of choice by PASS) to make sure that speakers could test their sessions and get comfortable with presenting online. Although I'd previously presented via GoToMeeting before, I found that this went a long way with helping me to get comfortable with the technology, the session, and knowing what to expect. 
 Additionally, throughout the day for SQL Saturday, the Minnesota crew set up a separate chat application using  Discord  (an application that I understand is popular with gamers). Through this application, speakers and attendees had an avenue through which they could mingle and chat using different channels. They had channels set up for each meeting room, as well as a "lunch room" (where people could converse during lunch) and a speaker's channel (roughly the equivalent of a speaker room). I don't remember all the channels they had set up -- I do remember channels called #jobs and #hallway -- but I thought using this application was a great move. 
 One of the things that is sorely missing from virtual SQL Saturdays is the ability to randomly converse and chat. At in-person events, one of the best parts is to randomly bump into  #SQLFamily  and chat about a variety of subjects, or randomly start chatting about session topics in the hallway, or whatever. Networking is a huge part of SQL Saturday. By nature, that dynamic is nearly impossible to duplicate at a virtual event. Of course, no virtual event can ever duplicate the things you'd experience at an in-person event. But by employing a technology such as Discord, they managed to fill that gap quite nicely. 
 I also liked that room moderators introduced speakers and topics. They all included slides to start each session, which also included reminders to solicit the sponsors, their  local user group , and various other standard announcements. The format was similar to PASS virtual groups, where the group moderator would start with the intro before the speaker went into his or her presentation. 
 Overall, Minnesota did a great job with their virtual SQL Saturday. Bravo! They demonstrated that a virtual event could still be exciting and fun, and not the same old virtual event that everyone else does. Granted, I'm looking forward to when we can start attending in-person events again. But by employing out-of-the-box ideas like these, virtual events don't have to be the same old, same old log-into-a-virtual-room events that we've become accustomed to experiencing. 
 Posted on  December 12, 2020  by  pianorayk Posted in  Being better ,  Career ,  COVID-19 ,  Database ,  Networking ,  Professional Development ,  Public Speaking ,  SQL Saturday ,  SQL Server ,  User Groups Leave a comment 
 Reminder: I'm speaking at #SQLSaturday this weekend #SQLSat1017 
   
 This is a reminder that I will be speaking at  virtual SQL Saturday #1017  (Minnesota) this Saturday, December 12. 
 A vast number of people, myself included, are looking for work. I will do my presentation titled " I lost my job! Now what?!? " this Saturday. I will discuss topics that include, among other things, dealing with the emotional impact, resumes, interviewing, and things you can do to hold yourself over during this period of uncertainty. 
 Hope to see you virtually this Saturday! 
 Posted on  December 7, 2020  by  pianorayk Posted in  Being better ,  Career ,  Job Interview ,  Job search ,  Networking ,  Professional Development ,  Public Speaking ,  Resumes ,  SQL Saturday Leave a comment 
 #PASSSummit2020 part 5: The debrief #PASSSummit #PASSVirtualSummit 
   
 (  Ed. Note:  I had intended to get this out last week, but a family emergency prevented me from doing so, so this article is a week later than I'd wanted to post.) 
 Now that I've had the weekend to recover from a busy  PASS Summit 2020  week, I can write about my thoughts and impressions. 
 Overall, I thought  PASS  did a good job with holding a virtual PASS Summit under trying pandemic circumstances. These are, after all, trying times, and we have to play the cards that we're dealt. That said, there were some glitches. 
 I'll start with my own presentation. I had prerecorded my session, per instructions from PASS. My initial impression was that I would do my presentation live, and the recorded session would serve as a backup in case I ran into any problems with my presentation. That turned out not to be the case. PASS used my prerecorded presentation. I was, however, required to stand by to field any questions from attendees. 
 So, before the appointed time, I logged in and opened a chat window. My friend  Andy Levy  was kind enough to join me in the video chat room, and we chatted about a variety of topics while we waited. 
 The appointed time arrived, so I started my video. I found that it was impossible to monitor the chat rooms to field questions and to watch the video at the same time, so I turned off the video; after all, I had no pressing need to watch my own prerecorded presentation -- or so I thought. I found out, much to my chagrin, that a number of slides had no audio to go with it. 
 This was a big disappointment. My first instinct was to point the finger at PASS and tell them, "your technology didn't work," but that would've been disingenuous on my part.  When I prerecorded my session a while back , I went back and did a quick listen of each section I recorded to make sure it was okay. When I was finished, I watched some of the presentation, but not all, and that was my mistake. I probably should've watched the entire presentation to make sure it was okay, but I didn't. That was a mistake on my part to which I will own up. That said, it's my understanding that there were a number of other presentations that also had audio problems (in fact, I tried to sit in on one that had issues, and they ended up rescheduling it -- for a time that I couldn't attend), so I'm guessing that it might not have entirely been on me. 
 I did post to the chat that I was available in the chat room for any questions, and a few attendees took me up on it. We ended up having a great discussion (and Andy, who also has his own 'blog, was great with answering some questions and contributing to the conversation). In that sense, we ended up making lemonade out of the technical lemons. 
 That said, I haven't yet looked at the feedback, and I don't look forward to doing so. 
 A few of my friends also wrote their impressions of PASS Virtual Summit. I haven't yet had a chance to read them, but I'm posting them here, both for you to peruse and for my own reference. 
 
 Andy Levy 
 Greg Moore 
 Steve Jones 
 
 With that, here are a few of my quick thoughts regarding PASS Virtual Summit 2020. 
 As I mentioned earlier, these are trying times, and PASS did a decent job with Summit, given the cards they were dealt. The pandemic has affected them, as well as many of the rest of us (as of this article, I'm still looking for a job -- it's been over six months now), and PASS is dealing with those effects. As critical as I -- and others -- might be of PASS, I want them to survive, and I sincerely hope that they're still around when we emerge from the other side of this pandemic. 
 I was not particularly fond of their decision to make use of mostly prerecorded sessions. I would have much preferred to have done my session live. PASS's concern was with potential technical glitches with live sessions, so their thinking was that a prerecorded session would alleviate that situation. In fact, the opposite happened. The prerecorded session was the glitch, and I never had a problem with my live connection. While I understand why PASS decided to do it that way, I found the decision to be somewhat questionable. 
 (And if anyone reading this would like to see my presentation, I did this same presentation for the  Professional Development Virtual Group  back in January.  You can view the recording of my January presentation here .) 
 Overall, I did enjoy PASS Virtual Summit, but as anyone  who has attended PASS Summit  or  other virtual events  can attest, the experience just isn't the same. For me, a huge part of the appeal of events like these is the opportunity to network and to connect with  my friends  whom I don't get to see that frequently. To their credit, PASS made accommodations with networking events and channels, but there's only so much you can do, and only so many people you can see, with online channels. There's something to be said about randomly bumping into one of your friends while walking down the hall. 
 Another big part is the travel. I love to travel, and I wish I could do more of it (pandemic aside, usually the lack of time or lack of money keeps me from traveling more). I enjoyed visiting Seattle last year, one of my favorite west coast cities to visit. This year's Summit would've been in Houston, a city I've only visited once before. 
 Overall, I enjoyed PASS Virtual Summit, but it was not without its faults. Hopefully, PASS can take the feedback and lessons learned from this event, and use it to create a truly spectacular experience the next time around. Hopefully, the pandemic will be over for the next time, but these days, you can never tell. 
 Posted on  November 23, 2020  by  pianorayk Posted in  #PASSSummit2020 ,  Coronavirus ,  COVID-19 ,  Microsoft ,  Networking ,  PASS Summit ,  Professional Development ,  Public Speaking 1 Comment 
 #PASSSummit2020 part 4: The final day #PASSSummit #PASSVirtualSummit 
   
 Well, it's Friday. Today is my third -- and last -- day of  PASS Summit 2020 . 
 I'll start right off the bat with why this day is important for me, personally: today is  my day to present . The funny thing is, I'm not really presenting.  PASS  is using my prerecorded session that I put together before PASS Summit 2020 even kicked off. So during my session, I get to kick back and watch myself present. However, I do still need to be online to answer any questions that come up during the session. 
 I'm actually not looking forward to the experience. One of the predominant comments I've seen on my Twitter feed has been that coming from other speakers about how uncomfortable they are seeing themselves speak. I am no exception; I hate listening to my own presentation; it is very awkward and surreal. Honestly, I would feel much more comfortable doing my presentation live. But, this is how PASS chose to do it (and I understand their reasons for doing so), so I'll just have to deal. 
 Otherwise, looking at the schedule, it looks like it will be a quiet day. I don't see a lot of networking sessions on the schedule; although I will try to drop in on any that catch my interest. My networking room moderation commitments are all finished, so I'm not obligated to sit in on any more rooms. I do see  a session on the schedule  by Peter Shore that interests me, so I might try to attend that. I did see a few others that interest me as well, but unfortunately, they either conflict with or run too close to my own, so I'll likely skip those today and catch the recordings of them some other time. 
 I will likely try to catch today's keynote, which is about diversity and inclusion. That is an important topic these days, so I'll make it a point to tune in at noon. 
 I'd be remiss if I didn't talk about anything that happened since  my last article from yesterday . I sat in on  Christine Assaf's presentation . Christine and I met  earlier this year at a SQL Saturday , and we struck up  a good rapport , so I made where that I attended he presentation. I was also assigned a Birds of a Feather networking room last night, so I made sure that I monitored it. Only one person showed up, but we struck up a good conversation. One thing that came out of it was that he hooked me up with his employer's HR person, to whom I sent a message (I received a response from her, but haven't yet read it). I'll admit that I'm not expecting a lot from it, because they are located in Iowa, and looking at the website, it doesn't look like there are a lot of remote opportunities, but I figure, you never know. It's worth a shot. 
 So, we'll see how the final day goes. It's been a fun experience, but I still vastly prefer attending in-person. I miss being able to share a handshake or a hug with my  #SQLFamily  friends. I'll likely wind this series up with a final debrief article, once PASS Summit 2020 is over. Stay tuned. 
 Posted on  November 13, 2020  by  pianorayk Posted in  #PASSSummit2020 ,  Blog ,  Career ,  Networking ,  PASS Summit ,  Professional Development ,  Public Speaking ,  Social Media Leave a comment 
 Posts navigation 
 Older posts 
 Search for: 
 Just an average guy and my opinions . . . 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 453 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Follow Welcome to Ray Kim's 'blog on WordPress.com 
 
 
 View PianoRayK's profile on LinkedIn 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 My presentations 
 
 
 The Write Stuff 
 
 
 Troy -- A Major-League City 
 
 When Troy Was A Major League City -- Acknowledgements and Bibliography 
 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Setting up my #Sessionize profile, and speaking opportunities -- #DataSaturday  January 25, 2021 
 #DataSaturday  January 23, 2021 
 Archiving my talks, part 3: PASS Summit -- #PASS  January 7, 2021 
 Goals for 2021  January 1, 2021 
 January CASSUG Monthly Meeting  December 29, 2020 
 
 
 
 
 January 2021 S 
 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 
 
 10 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 
 
 17 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 
 
 24 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 
 
 31 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 « Dec 
 Archives 
 
 January 2021  (4) 
 December 2020  (10) 
 November 2020  (9) 
 October 2020  (8) 
 September 2020  (11) 
 August 2020  (7) 
 July 2020  (13) 
 June 2020  (8) 
 May 2020  (16) 
 April 2020  (18) 
 March 2020  (9) 
 February 2020  (10) 
 January 2020  (12) 
 December 2019  (9) 
 November 2019  (9) 
 October 2019  (15) 
 September 2019  (15) 
 August 2019  (21) 
 July 2019  (19) 
 June 2019  (12) 
 May 2019  (14) 
 April 2019  (15) 
 March 2019  (8) 
 February 2019  (12) 
 January 2019  (9) 
 December 2018  (10) 
 November 2018  (6) 
 October 2018  (4) 
 September 2018  (5) 
 August 2018  (11) 
 July 2018  (9) 
 June 2018  (8) 
 May 2018  (7) 
 April 2018  (8) 
 March 2018  (10) 
 February 2018  (5) 
 January 2018  (5) 
 December 2017  (5) 
 November 2017  (2) 
 October 2017  (2) 
 September 2017  (2) 
 August 2017  (1) 
 July 2017  (3) 
 June 2017  (4) 
 May 2017  (7) 
 April 2017  (1) 
 March 2017  (6) 
 February 2017  (1) 
 January 2017  (1) 
 October 2016  (1) 
 September 2016  (2) 
 August 2016  (4) 
 July 2016  (8) 
 June 2016  (7) 
 May 2016  (8) 
 
 Categories 
 
 9/11  (4) 
 Being better  (142)
 
 Mistakes  (8) 
 
 
 Books  (8)
 
 Albom, Mitch  (1)
 
 Tuesdays with Morrie  (1) 
 
 
 Brooks, Terry  (1)
 
 The Sword of Shannara  (1) 
 
 
 Carnegie, Dale  (2)
 
 How To Stop Worrying and Start Living  (1) 
 How to Win Friends and Influence People  (1) 
 
 
 Gawande, Atul  (3)
 
 The Checklist Manifesto  (3) 
 
 
 Norman, Don  (1)
 
 The Design of Everyday Things  (1) 
 
 
 
 
 Branding  (23) 
 Business Intelligence  (14)
 
 #BI101  (5) 
 Data warehousing  (2) 
 
 
 Career  (376)
 
 #SQLCareer  (1) 
 Job search  (77)
 
 Job Interview  (15) 
 Recruiters  (14) 
 Recruiting Spam  (8) 
 Resumes  (12) 
 
 
 Networking  (202) 
 Professional Development  (363)
 
 Code Camp  (2) 
 Data Saturday  (2) 
 Decision making  (11) 
 Disaster Recovery  (13) 
 Feedback  (19) 
 Mentoring  (3) 
 PASS Summit  (42)
 
 #PASSSummit2020  (6) 
 
 
 Public Speaking  (141) 
 Roles  (8) 
 SQL Saturday  (131) 
 Teamwork  (9) 
 Technical Communication  (163)
 
 Design  (24)
 
 UX/UI  (15) 
 
 
 Documentation  (102) 
 Technical Writing  (79) 
 
 
 User Groups  (61) 
 
 
 Self-employment  (14) 
 Work  (4) 
 
 
 Change  (88)
 
 Dealing with change  (73) 
 
 
 Computers  (3)
 
 Hardware  (2)
 
 Storage  (1) 
 
 
 Software  (2) 
 
 
 Cultures  (47) 
 Data processing  (25) 
 Data security  (19) 
 Database  (78)
 
 #SQL101  (8) 
 Oracle  (1) 
 SQL Server  (72)
 
 SSIS  (2) 
 
 
 
 
 Living life  (167)
 
 Extracurricular activities  (22)
 
 Hobbies  (3) 
 
 
 Food  (4) 
 Holidays  (11)
 
 Christmas  (1) 
 Memorial Day  (3) 
 New Year's Day  (1) 
 
 
 Music  (17)
 
 MIDI Sequencing  (2) 
 Recording  (3) 
 
 
 Relationships  (50) 
 Travel  (27)
 
 SQL Travels  (11) 
 
 
 Wellness  (54)
 
 Health  (53)
 
 Coronavirus  (31)
 
 #CoronavirusChronicles  (23) 
 COVID-19  (30) 
 
 
 Exercise  (14)
 
 CrossFit  (10) 
 Fitness  (11) 
 Working Out  (9) 
 
 
 Stress  (7) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Maintenance  (39) 
 Microsoft  (38)
 
 Power BI  (3) 
 PowerShell  (4) 
 Windows  (1) 
 
 
 Open Source  (2)
 
 Docker  (2) 
 
 
 Programming  (8)
 
 REST  (1)
 
 #REST101  (1) 
 
 
 Script programming  (2) 
 
 
 Reference  (6) 
 Religion  (1) 
 Social Media  (54)
 
 Blog  (33)
 
 Blog ground rules  (1) 
 First blog post  (5) 
 
 
 Facebook  (8) 
 LinkedIn  (16) 
 Podcast  (2) 
 Twitter  (4) 
 
 
 Sports  (24)
 
 Baseball  (11) 
 Basketball  (3)
 
 College basketball  (3) 
 
 
 Football  (3)
 
 College football  (2) 
 Fantasy football  (1) 
 
 
 Hockey  (1)
 
 College hockey  (1) 
 
 
 Running  (3) 
 
 
 Stuff  (67)
 
 Email  (9)
 
 Spam  (5) 
 
 
 Getting started  (26) 
 Ideas  (13) 
 Just for fun  (13)
 
 #TheBestOf  (3) 
 
 
 Memorization  (2) 
 Ownership  (1) 
 Politics  (7) 
 School spirit  (5) 
 Video games  (1) 
 Welcome  (1) 
 
 
 Support systems  (25) 
 Uncategorized  (6) 
 Web Development  (9) 
 
 Blogs I Follow 
 
 HRTact 
 creativegoddess.wordpress.com/ 
 The Write Stuff Technical Documentation Services, LLC 
 Deb the DBA 
 FLX SQL with Andy Levy 
 A Shot of SQLEspresso 
 SQLKohai - always a student 
 George Walters 
 The Rest is Just Code 
 Voice of the DBA 
 Daniel Bowlin SQL Server BI Blog 
 greenmountainsoftware 
 James Serra's Blog 
 Discover 
 The Daily Post 
 The WordPress.com Blog 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 HRTact 
 Cultivate Your Workforce with Effective Human Strategies 
 creativegoddess.wordpress.com/ 
 The Write Stuff Technical Documentation Services, LLC 
 "My job is to make other people's jobs easier" 
 Deb the DBA 
 Just me and the databases... 
 FLX SQL with Andy Levy 
 Hand-Crafted SQL and PowerShell from New York's Finger Lakes 
 A Shot of SQLEspresso 
 SQL Blogs by Monica Rathbun 
 SQLKohai - always a student 
 George Walters 
 Microsoft Azure, Data Platform, SQL, Speaking, Community 
 The Rest is Just Code 
 Ideas are the hard part...the rest is just code 
 Voice of the DBA 
 Writings from Steve Jones, the Voice of the DBA 
 Daniel Bowlin SQL Server BI Blog 
 greenmountainsoftware 
 Thoughts on SQL, Disasters and thinking 
 James Serra's Blog 
 Big Data and Data Warehousing 
 Discover 
 A daily selection of the best content published on WordPress, collected for you by humans who love to read. 
 The Daily Post 
 The Art and Craft of Blogging 
 The WordPress.com Blog 
 The latest news on WordPress.com and the WordPress community. 
  Welcome to Ray Kim's 'blog  
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
