Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Maintenance Person 
 Chartwell Retirement Residences 
 __Nepean, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Interested in a career that makes a meaningful difference in the lives of others? One where you are valued and respected, listened to, and empowered to live up to your potential? If so, Chartwell Retirement Residences is the place for you. 
 We are always looking for empathetic, positive and passionate individuals committed to Making People's Lives Better. With over 200 residences across Canada, we have an opportunity for you that will make a difference in your life. 
 The Maintenance Person performs semi-skilled maintenance duties related to electrical, heating, mechanical and plumbing systems and building equipment. Performs a variety of duties related to the general maintenance of the Retirement Residence and may assist with construction projects. 
 The responsibilities of the role include but are not limited to: 
 Responsible for the immediate repair of defective equipment affecting resident care (e.g. beds, chairs, etc.); 
Regulates and repairs taps, toilets, etc. Unstops taps and drains depending upon complexity of operations; 
Conducts routine inspections, and repairs light fixtures and outlets, changes light bulbs, connects light fixtures to outlets, replaces ballasts and other related duties. May be required to test electrical circuits, equipment and appliances using pre-set instruments; 
Assists in the repair and/or maintenance of electrical and mechanical equipment (e.g. pressure vessels, pumps, fans, electrical motors, steam boilers, etc.); 
May be required to perform minor carpentry projects; 
Completes assignments according to priority and documents services provided. Completes minor duties on planned preventive maintenance program and documents service provided; 
Receives supplies and stores in designated areas; 
Ensures that on-site work areas are clean and safe and ensures walkways are kept free of snow, ice, and debris; 
Completes all routine fire and other preventative maintenance inspections on a scheduled basis and ensures appropriate recordkeeping; 
Observes all fire, safety, and health regulations and is alert for the safety of residents, other staff members, and the public. Understands and follows all health and safety policies and procedures; 
Promptly reports/takes corrective action to address actual or potentially hazardous situations; 
Performs other related duties as required. 
 The ideal candidates will possess: 
One to two years’ experience in a related capacity. A working knowledge of WHMIS; 
Grade 12 Diploma with some related supplemental technical training is required; 
Must be able to work with a minimum of supervision; 
Ability to perform required physical duties which may include bending, kneeling, reaching, standing for extended periods of time, climbing ladders, lifting and carrying boxes, tools and equipment. 
 Candidates must be available to work days, evenings and weekends. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
