Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Sales Associate 
 The Mobile Shop 
 __Calgary, AB 
 Apply Now 
 The Mobile Shop Careers - Sales Associate 
 What is The Mobile Shop? 
 Technology is a part of our everyday lives. We at The Mobile Shop connect thousands of Canadians every year with the newest and most innovative phones and plans that the market has to offer. Our Mobilists (Sales Associates) are our front-line advisors that use their expertise to provide our customers with the right phone and plans for their needs. 
 Our team comprises of a diverse group of advisors that push the limits on what it means to provide the best insight and customer service to our customers with the support of leading-edge training and development. 
 A day in the life at The Mobile Shop 
 Establish relationships with customers and provide them with the best insights or phones, plans, accessories, and device protection plans that fit their needs 
Work with your colleagues to drive traffic into the store and boost sales 
Stay up to date with the latest trends in the telecommunications world 
Complete weekly coaching programs that help you develop your sales skills and your knowledge of the wireless industry 
Develop a network of clients that come to you for any upgrades for themselves or their friends and family 
 If you have these things, we think you would be a great fit: 
Experience in retail sales, hospitality or service industry 
Thinks outside the box when it comes to sales – upselling, referral sales, networking 
Professional, friendly and a great communicator – the key to success is to always initiate the conversation 
Always on their feet and driven to succeed 
 What we have to offer: 
Competitive compensation package, including base rate and uncapped commission 
Comprehensive Group Benefits for Full-Time employees, as well as Part-Time employees who meet required sales targets (Health, Dental, LTD, AD&D, Life Insurance, EAP) 
Online, In-Person and Workshop training sessions consistently throughout the year to help develop your skills 
Unparalleled growth opportunities within the organization. We want you to see this as your career move, not just a job! 
Employee referral programs 
Exclusive Partner Program (EPP) choices on all carriers 
 As part of our selection process, please complete our The Mobile Shop Candidate Assessment: https://mobileshop.traitify.com/ 
 Think The Mobile Shop is right for you? Check out our Careers page and Instagram for all the details about us! 
 Powered by JazzHR 
 sLwukgckRf 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
