Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Millwork Estimator 
 MIRMIL PRODUCTS 
 __Trenton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Our architectural millwork company is seeking a Millwork Estimator. The successful candidate 
 will be responsible for creating estimates and quotations for large international construction 
 projects. The ideal candidate for this role will have previous experience with estimating large 
 commercial millwork projects. This role requires a high attention to detail and excellent 
 communication skills. 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Review bid packages, architectural plans, and specifications to develop accurate scope of 
 
 work 
 
 Prepare estimates and take-offs 
 Communicate clearly and effectively with contractors, architects, suppliers, and clients 
 Provide accurate bids in a timely fashion 
 Review plans immediately to have any questions answered before starting estimates 
 Complete and submit bids on time 
 Qualify plans to ensure projects fall within our scope of work 
 Resolve cost discrepancies by collecting and analyzing information 
 
 Requirements: 
 
 Proven ability in estimating large commercial millwork projects 
 5+ years of millwork estimating experience is preferred 
 Thorough knowledge and understanding of the millwork and construction industry 
 Great understanding of millwork/construction materials 
 Thorough understanding of the Architectural Woodworking Institute standards 
 Proficient with the use of Microsoft Office Software 
 Ability to work independently and manage own time 
 Flexible and comfortable with short deadlines 
 Able to balance and maintain multiple projects 
 Organized 
 Valid passport and ability to travel 
 Excellent communication skills 
 Great attention to detail 
 
 This is a full-time position. Salary will be based on experience. If this position appeals to you, 
 please send a resume to jobs.mirmil@gmail.com. Assistance with relocation may be considered 
 for the right candidate. We will collect resumes until the position has been filled. Only those 
 selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
