Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Job Posting 
 City of Colwood 
 __Colwood, BC 
 Apply Now 
 CITY OF COLWOOD 
JOB POSTING 
 POSTING ID #:  COC2020908_EP 
 POSITION TITLE:  ENGINEERING PROFESSIONAL 
 DEPARTMENT:  ENGINEERING 
 POSITION TYPE:  FULL TIME TEMPORARY 1‐YEAR, UNION POSITION 
 POSTING TYPE:  INTERNAL/EXTERNAL 
 SALARY:  Pay Grade #18 $48.52/hr (2020 rate) 
 HOURS OF WORK:  35 hours per week, Monday – Friday between the hours of 8am – 5pm 
 BENEFITS:  A comprehensive benefits plan as per the terms of the Collective Agreement. 
 The City of Colwood has an exciting opportunity for a strategic, innovative and energetic Engineering 
Professional to assist in the delivery of high‐quality engineering works relative to capital projects, 
development projects, project supervision and construction management and oversight in the delivery of 
efficient and effective planning, protection and maintenance of the City‘s natural and built environment. 
At the same time ensuring the City’s engineering standards and bylaws are current and adhered to in 
order to achieve the City’s goals. This is a temporary 1‐year UNION position with CUPE, local 374. 
 Reporting to the Director of Engineering and Development, this roll lies within the engineering team in 
delivery of development, capital and operating budgets projects. The incumbent helps to deliver and 
develop short and long‐range service objectives in support of the strategic direction of the to ensure fully 
integrated, high quality and cost‐effective service is delivered. The position forms an important role in 
supporting the City’s development drive and is subject to annual consideration for term extension. 
 MINIMUM TRAINING AND EXPERIENCE REQUIRED 
 Our ideal candidate has a level of education, training and experience equivalent to a Bachelor’s Degree in 
Engineering, is a professional Engineer, an Engineer in training or an Applied Science Technology Civil 
Engineering Technologist. All applicants should have experience in Engineering and a minimum of five 
years in local government experience in delivering engineering services. They bring demonstrated 
leadership and relationship building skills; motivational skills, considerable knowledge of project 
management, asset management, contract and budget administration; operations experience, and well‐ 
rounded understanding of local government legislation and practices. Exceptional oral and written 
communication skills are a must, along with the ability to prepare complex, technical reports for non‐ 
technical audiences and be prepared to speak to them in meetings with the public, staff and municipal 
Council. 
 A complete job description is available at www.colwood.ca/careers 
 Using the subject line POSTING ID# COC20200908_EP, please submit your resume and cover letter, in 
confidence, to Brent Molnar, Director of Engineering & Development Services at careers@colwood.ca. 
 Applications will be accepted until 4:30pm on Tuesday, September 25, 2020. 
 ENGINEERING PROFESSIONAL | Closes Tuesday, Sept 25, 2020 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
