Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Temporary Part-Time Sales Associate - 3270 
 Pet Valu 
 __Alberta 
 Apply Now 
 Location:  , Alberta 
 Job Description: 
The Pet Valu family of stores includes Pet Valu, Paulmac's Pet Food, Bosley's, Tisol and Total Pet and together we are one of the largest retail operations in North America dedicated to providing families with food and supplies for dogs, cats, companion birds, wild birds, fish, reptiles and small animals. 
 All of our stores are dedicated to helping local pets in need, and we partner with local shelters, rescues and charities for adoption events, in-store adoption (select stores only) and pet food bank programs, as well as through our national donation drives and fundraising campaigns. 
 At Pet Valu, we're Pet Experts, and we're pet lovers, too. 
 Job Overview: 
As a Temporary Part-Time Sales Associate you will use your knowledge and experience to help Pet Parents find the right nutrition and other solutions for their pets. You will be part of a team of passionate Pet Experts, and enjoy the perks of helping Pet Parents every day. If you are enthusiastic about learning and growing with one of the top pet retailers in North America, this position is for you! 
 What you get: 
Staff Discounts 
Retail Training 
Competitive Wages 
Pet Care Knowledge 
Flexible Scheduling 
 What you do: 
Cashier and customer sales 
Preparing merchandise orders, banking and other miscellaneous paperwork 
Placing small items (under 10 lbs) including pet supplies, household items, etc. into stock in the sales area of the store 
Sweeping, dusting and other general store maintenance functions 
Assist in unloading delivery vehicles of cases and bags of pet food and supplies and putting these into stock (items up to 50 lbs.) 
Other duties and tasks as required 
 What you bring: 
Previous retail or customer service experience 
Working knowledge of POS system 
Possess outgoing and friendly personality with strong customer service skills 
Ability to lift 50lbs repetitively 
Ability to work as scheduled to meet attendance requirements, which may include weekends and evenings 
Ability to have reliable means of transportation to and from the store 
 #INDS 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
