Skip to content 
 
 mymotorwheels 
 For the auto enthusiasts who are crazy enough to change the world. 
 Menu 
 
 About 
 Automotive Jobs 
 Travel 
 Spares and Services @Visakhapatnam 
 
   
 Tag: Careers at automotive startups 
 Current Openings at Jugnoo Autos 
 Jugnoo is hyperlocal on demand multi service provider based out of Chandigarh which employs auto rickshaws as its logistic partners. More about Jugnoo at  Wikipedia(Jugnoo Autos)   Current Openings 
 1. HR Manager 
 Looking for a skilled HR manager to oversee all aspects of Human Resources practices and processes. You will support business needs and ensure the proper implementation of company strategy and objectives. 
 Location : Chandigarh 
 Pre-Requisites: 
 
 Proven working experience as HR manager 
 People oriented and results driven 
 Demonstrable experience with HR metrics 
 Knowledge of HR systems and databases 
 Ability to architect strategy along with leadership skills 
 Excellent active listening, negotiation and presentation skills 
 Competence to build and effectively manage interpersonal relationships at all levels of the company 
 In-depth knowledge of labor law and HR best practices 
 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Develop and implement HR strategies and initiatives aligned with the overall business strategy 
 Support current and future business needs through the development, engagement, motivation and preservation of human capital 
 Develop and monitor overall HR strategies, systems, tactics and procedures across the organization 
 Bridge management and employee relations by addressing demands, grievances or other issues 
 Nurture a positive working environment 
 Manage the recruitment and selection process 
 Oversee and manage a performance appraisal system that drives high performance 
 Maintain pay plan and benefits program 
 Assess training needs to apply and monitor training programs 
 Report to management and provide decision support through HR metrics 
 Ensure legal compliance 
 
 APPLY HERE 
 
 2. iOS Engineer 
 Jugnoo is looking for a skilled Software Engineer proficient enough in working on building apps on the iOS platform. Your primary focus will be maintaining and developing Jugnoo app and integrate with backend services. 
 Location : Chandigarh 
 Pre-Requisites: 
 
 Experience in native iOS development 
 Excellent command on an Objective C/Swift 
 Bachelors degree in Computer Science. 
 Excellent knowledge of GPS usage on iOS platform and battery conservation strategies 
 Excellent understanding of working with REST Web Services and Git. 
 Excellent understanding of caching strategies and asynchronous calls 
 Good understanding of software development life cycle 
 Must have very good knowledge of SCM with strong emphasis on Git and complete understanding of Git Flow 
 Understanding Apple's design principles and interface guidelines 
 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Developing and maintaining Jugnoo mobile app on iOS platform 
 Self motivated and ability to work without detailed instructions 
 Translate designs and wire-frames into high quality code 
 Identify bottlenecks and fix bugs 
 Implement new technology and maximize development efficiency 
 
 APPLY HERE 
 
 3. Manager Operations 
 Manager Operations Role comes with a wide range of responsibilities. Jugnoo is looking towards dynamic, energetic leaders who take risks with a go getter attitude for this role. 
 Location : Ahmedabad 
 Pre-Requisites: 
 
 3 + years of relevant work experience. 
 Require familiarity with the geography and local language of the location. 
 Prior team management experience is a must. 
 Allocation of targets and formulating incentive plans for the team would be a bonus 
 Comfortable with ambiguity and unpredictable work hours 
 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Strong Analytics - Manager should identify trends looking at Qualitative and Quantitative Data 
 Strategy - Responsible in building road map and strategies for the growth of the city assigned 
 Decision Making - Take important decision which will directly effect growth of Jugnoo in the City 
 Growing and optimizing supply 
 Manpower planning and hiring for the city 
 Monitoring Work, defining KRAs and managing team's performance 
 Coordinating with Central operations team 
 Managing Cross functional team 
 Continuous interaction with the blue collar subscriber base and engaging them. 
 Most importantly, a cherishing role of working on Product, Operations & Pure Jugaad 
 
 APPLY HERE 
 
 4. Backend Developer 
 Jugnoo is looking for a talented Backend Developer who will be responsible for turning data into information, information into insight, and insight into business decisions. He/she will conduct full life cycle activities to include requirements analysis, design, report development, and continuous refinement and improvement. 
 Location : Chandigarh 
 Pre-Requisites: 
 
 2+ years experience 
 Experience as a fullstack / backend developer, REST API design 
 Should be familiar with Node.JS and Angular.JS 
 Understanding of data analytics, web analytics, direct response marketing measurement, traditional marketing metrics and key performance indicators 
 Experience in combining and implementing analytical and creative problem-solving techniques and approaches 
 Ability to interpret information and communicate effectively to stakeholders at multiple levels of our organization 
 Attention to detail and quality work output in a fast-paced environment 
 Bachelor's degree or equivalent in Mathematics, Computer Science, Statistics, or other related fields from reputed colleges 
 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Explore design implications and work towards appropriate balance between functionality, performance, and maintainability 
 Working with a cross discipline team of User Experience, Visual Design, Project Management, Development and testing 
 Maintain high standards of software quality within the team by establishing good coding practices and habits 
 Research and evaluate a variety of software products 
 Ability to manage and organize a team of technical staff 
 Develop a strategy that the team will use to reach its goal 
 Provide timely training to team members on latest technology 
 
 APPLY HERE 
 
 5. Creative Designer - UI/UX 
 Design is religion and Jugnoo worships the insane creativity that has engulfed technology over years. Being an app based product, we seek designers who can develop aesthetically pleasing application which is currently being used by 150,000 users and adding more in the list. We love to make our users happy and design is one big aspect of the process; we love design, do you? 
 Location : Chandigarh 
 Pre-Requisites: 
 
 Highly proficient with designing & prototyping tools 
 Excellent visual design knowledge 
 Excellent communication skills 
 Experience in product design 
 Design degree from respected design colleges is a plus and, 
 A portfolio worth dying 
 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Create design flows and experiences that are incredibly simple and elegant 
 Conceptualizing, designing and prototyping new features for our core product 
 Conducting frequent, iterative usability testing in parallel with development 
 
 APPLY HERE 
 
 6. Front End Developer 
 Jugnoo is looking for a skillful and dedicated Frontend Developer to join a high performance start up team for building and expanding the business. If you take pleasure in seamless user experiences, have an eye for great design, and have the ability to combine brilliant UI with art of programming, we are looking for you. 
 Location : Chandigarh 
 Pre-Requisites: 
 
 3+ years of software development experience and 2+ years of experience developing frontend experience using HTML5, JavaScript, AJAX, JSON technologies 
 3+ years of experience using the JavaScript libraries specifically JQuery and Underscore.js 
 1+ years of experience in adaptive UI templating frameworks. 
 Experience in cross browser compatibility issues 
 Strong passion for design and experience working closely with design teams 
 Ability and passion to learn new technologies quickly 
 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Develop fast and highly scalable (responsive) web and mobile sites, using HTML5, CSS3 and latest Javascript standards and best practices 
 Strong understanding of HTML5, CSS3 & Javascript and relevant frameworks such as Bootstrap, Angular JS and others 
 Work closely with a cross-functional teams that includes product owners, backend developers and designers 
 Collaborate with designers to make sure all user interactions and features are implemented correctly 
 Ensure technical feasibility of UI/UX designs 
 
 APPLY HERE 
 
 7. Android Engineer 
 Jugnoo is looking for skilled Software Engineers proficient enough in working on building apps on the Android platform. You will be working on different layers of infrastructure along with other team members. 
 Location : Chandigarh 
 Pre-Requisites: 
 
 Experience in native android development with excellent command on an OOPS, specially Java. 
 Bachelors degree in Computer Science from reputed college. 
 Excellent knowledge of GPS usage on android platform and battery conservation strategies 
 Excellent understanding of working with REST Web Services, payment gateways and Google APIs. 
 Understanding of caching strategies and asynchronous calls 
 Good knowledge of software development life cycle 
 Must have very good knowledge of SCM with strong emphasis on Git and complete understanding of Git Flow 
 Must not have 9 to 5, 5 day a week work culture attitude. Expect urgencies and a very flexible attitude is required. 
 Strong knowledge of SDK integration 
 Full fledged knowledge of Google's android design principles and interface guidelines 
 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Developing and maintaining Jugnoo mobile app on Android platform 
 Self motivated and ability to work without detailed instructions 
 Translate designs and wire-frames into high quality code 
 Identify bottlenecks and fix bugs 
 Implement new technology and maximize development efficiency 
 
 APPLY HERE 
 
 8. Product Development Manager 
 At Jugnoo, we believe our users come first. We have been constantly trying to solve our user's problem by making our product more user friendly and convenient. Products like Jugnoo, Fatafat, Dodo have been created with an ideology that convenience to users and simplicity to use are key aspects to prosper. A ProductManager at Jugnoo closely works with our technical experts and connects regularly with business stakeholders to gather requirements and present it in an implementable format, taking forward ideas from conceptualization to launch phase. 
 Location : Chandigarh 
 Pre-Requisites: 
 
 Engineering Graduates from Tier 1/2 Colleges. 
 MBA/MS would be a plus. 
 3+ years of total work experience with 2+ years of recent product/project management experience. 
 Flexible with stretched working hours. 
 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Drive ideation, technical development and launch of products. 
 Establish shared vision across the company by building consensus on priorities leading to product execution. 
 Lead product development, working with a team of world-class engineers and designers. 
 Define and analyse metrics that inform the success of products. 
 Constantly keep on improving internal processes to maximize productivity and efficiency at both resource and company level. 
 Be commercially aware and take a lead on all potential strategic partnerships to improve product usability. 
 
 APPLY HERE 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 WhatsApp 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 Print 
 More 
 
 
 
 Reddit 
 Email 
 
 
 Skype 
 
 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 Pocket 
 
 
 Telegram 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Author   Prasanth Chunduri Posted on  November 24, 2016 Categories  Automotive Jobs ,  startup Tags  Android Developer India ,  Back-end Front-end Developer ,  Careers at automotive startups ,  Current openings Automobile India ,  HR manager ,  iOS Engineer ,  Job opportunities Auto Industry Startup ,  JUGNOO AUTO RICKSHAW ,  Jugnoo Chandigarh ,  Transportation Logistics Startup Jugnoo Jobs ,  UI/UX Designer Leave a comment on Current Openings at Jugnoo Autos 
 Search for: Search 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
 Have you ever wondered what is 'Drive-by-wire' or 'x-by-wire'? 
 India's first electric reverse trike: Orxa Energies Mantis 
 Suzuki's Gujarat plant in India starts operation; Another plant in pipeline which will come into operation by 2019! 
 
 posts by date 
 
 
 
 January 2021 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 
 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 
 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 
 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 31 
 
 
 
 « Jan 
 Categories 
 
 Automotive Jobs  (34) 
 automotive supplier  (10) 
 Autonomous Driving  (6) 
 Bikes  (59) 
 cars  (291) 
 Commercial Vehicles  (42) 
 Coupons  (2) 
 electric  (35) 
 Hybrid Vehicles  (13) 
 Know your technology  (4)
 
 Automatic Transmission  (1) 
 
 
 Polls Surveys Quizzes and Ratings  (1) 
 railways  (3) 
 review  (1) 
 Shared Economy  (5) 
 startup  (43) 
 Statistics  (62) 
 Travel  (20) 
 Trucks  (37) 
 Uncategorized  (153) 
 Videos  (39) 
 
 facebook 
 
 facebook 
 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 673 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
   RSS - Posts 
 Tags 
 
 acquisition 
 ADAS 
 bmw 
 CES 2017 
 chennai 
 Consumer Electronics Show 
 current openings 
 daimler 
 Denso Corporation 
 electric vehicles 
 EV 
 ford 
 general motors 
 germany 
 honda 
 india 
 job opportunities 
 Joint Venture 
 mahindra 
 make in india 
 maruti suzuki 
 maruti suzuki india 
 mercedes benz 
 mou 
 nissan 
 renault 
 renault kwid 
 tata hexa 
 tata motors 
 tata tiago 
 toyota 
 Travel 
 uber 
 usa 
 video 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 65,819 hits 
 
 Follow blog on 
 
 
 View mymotorwheels's profile on Facebook 
 
 
 View MyMotorWheels's profile on Twitter 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Automotive Jobs 
 
 
 Travel 
 
 
 Spares and Services @Visakhapatnam 
 
 
 mymotorwheels   A WordPress.com Website . 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
