
 Admin 
 Job Postings 
 Latest Comments 
 Contact 
 
 Search 
 The Working Forest - Your #1 source for forestry and forest industry news. 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Digital edition 
 
 
 Multimedia 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 Classifieds 
 
 
 Subscription 
 
 
 Admin 
 
 
 Directory 
 
 
 Latest Comments 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 Mining & Forestry Manager: Canada’s Best Jobs 2016 
 April 21, 2016 
 By: Canadian Business 
 Median Salary:  $104,000 
 Salary Growth (2009–2015):  +19% 
 Total Employees:  11,700 
 Change in Employees (2009–2015):  +44% 
 Job Description: 
 This group of managers work in Canada’s natural resources sector, overseeing the operations of facilities like mines, lumber mills and fisheries. Mining and forestry managers spend some of their time outdoors inspecting ground operations. They’re responsible for hiring and training new personnel, and reporting progress to senior management. The main goal of a person in this position is to make sure production quotas are met and the site is adequately staffed and equipped through careful planning. 
 Job Qualifications: 
 Experience is highly valued in these positions. The typical manager has worked in the mining or forestry industry for several years and has prior experience in a supervisory role. Education-wise, mining managers typically have a degree in mining engineering or earth sciences, and oil and gas managers typically have a degree in geology, earth sciences or petroleum engineering. 
 Salary: 
 Six-figure incomes are not uncommon for these positions, with median salaries currently topping $104,000. The field has seen some turmoil recently amid lower commodity prices, but salaries remain comparatively high. Operational managers help increase natural resource companies’ margins and make safety and environment improvements, so they’re better placed to weather downturns than entry-level workers . 
 Career Opportunity: 
 Job prospects vary depending on the field. Overall, a slight increase is anticipated over the next few years in mining and forestry. The former sector is expected to experience sharp growth courtesy a recent increase in exploration, which should continue to have a positive effect in the next few years, according to Statistics Canada. Job growth in the forestry industry should also increase slightly from a modest hike in demand for wood products. 
 By:  Canadian Business 
 
 Prev story 
 Share on Facebook 
 Share on Twitter 
 Next story 
 
 Your comments. 
 Comments are closed. 
 Your #1 source for forestry and forest industry news. 
 
 
   
 
 
 My Account 
 
 Admin 
 Login 
 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 Job Postings 
 Advertise 
 
 
 
 Social 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 YouTube 
 
 
 
 More 
 
 Archives 
 Latest Comments 
 Privacy Policy 
 Site Map 
 Newsletter Sign Up 
 
 
 
 The Working Forest Box 138 Stn Main North Bay P1B 8G8 1-705-358-8213 
 Built by Sofa Communications 
*[Stn]: Station 
