Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Selector 
 Loblaw Companies Limited 
 __Ajax, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
500 Bayly Street East, Ajax, Ontario, L1Z 0B2 
 The decision to join a company is a big one. We have opportunities for hard working, energetic and reliable people just like you. 
 Why is this role important? 
 About the Role: 
The Warehouse Assembler role is perfect for those who love to work independently and stay active, while being supported by a strong team in a fast-paced unionized environment. You will assemble pallets of product for inventory requests made by Loblaw stores. 
 In addition to ensuring pallets are accurate and properly identified, you will be responsible for wrapping orders and preparing them for shipping. 
 You will use your keen attention to detail to comply with the Occupational Health and Safety Act, adhere to the HACCP Food Handling practices, and inspect and report any unsafe vehicles or conditions to your Supervisor. 
 Join a team committed to helping you grow your career, and one that provides new opportunities. We offer a competitive compensation package with bonus incentives, and an inclusive workplace that thrives on Care, Ownership, Respect and Excellence .. 
 About You: 
You bring a positive attitude that will help strengthen our strong culture of respect and diversity. 
 Other Skills You Will Require: 
Completed or completing a Secondary School Diploma or GED Equivalent 
Able to lift and carry up to 60-80 lbs, repeatedly with accuracy in a timed environment 
Comfortable working in a temperature-controlled environment (+5 to -28 Degrees in some locations) 
Capable working around heavy machinery and able to use an electric-powered pallet jack 
Ability to take direction from a voice-automated system to pick and organize orders 
 Additional Perks: 
Comprehensive 5-day (40 hours) onsite, paid training program when you start 
Flexible shifts available; Day, afternoon and night shifts 
Shift premium added for afternoon and night shifts 
Colleague Discount Program at Loblaw Corporate stores 
Safety equipment provided & yearly footwear allowance 
 How You’ll Succeed: 
At Loblaw, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Employment Type: 
Full time 
 Type of Role: 
Regular 
 Loblaw recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. 
 Please Note:  If you have Employee Self Service (ESS) on Workday, apply to this job via the Workday application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
