[ 
 WorkForThem 
 ](/) 
 
 Blog 
 RSS 
 Remote Jobs 
 Find More Jobs 
 Post a job 
 
 Menu Close 
 
 Blog 
 RSS 
 Remote Jobs 
 Find More Jobs 
 Post a job 
 
 Product Designer (Remote) 
 Crowdcast 
 Full time 
 Remote 
 Jan 9 
 Who we are 
 Crowdcast is the online events platform for businesses, creators and people at large to bring their communities together. We've experienced massive growth over the course of 2020 as people all over the world move their events online. 
 Every month, millions of people attend events ranging from Q&As to workshops, live shows, meet-ups, webinars, online concerts, & online summits. Our customers range from big companies like Adobe, IBM, Twilio, & HP to individual creators like MIA, Amanda Palmer, System of a Down & Jacob Collier. 
 We believe technology can be used to bring people together & bridge divides. We're empowering people to share their ideas at scale, bring communities together, and make a living in the process. 
 We are a profitable, remote-first, and long-term-thinking company. You could say,  we're a zebra  company. 
 Who you are 
 You love the satisfaction of crafting elegant simple solutions for complex problems. You have an obsession for detail and an eye for sharp visual design. You love exploring the latest and greatest in prototyping tools while keeping emerging design patterns and visual treatments on your radar. You have a strong understanding of the underlying technology behind web and mobile applications so that you're able to come up with creative solutions unique to each platform. You use light, typography, language, motion design, and art to create innovative interfaces and experiences. 
 You have high integrity, are self-motivated, and a life-long learner. You're not afraid to dive into uncharted territory, and you're open to updating your opinions based on new information. You communicate thoughtfully and grasp ideas easily. You're constantly pushing yourself to grow and become the most authentic & full expression of yourself. 
 You want to join a company founded by a designer that directly empowers people while being both profitable and sustainable. You're ready to play a key role in an early team you love working with, while building a culture that you're proud to be part of. 
 What you'll do 
 
 You'll work closely with the product and engineering team to design experiences for Crowdcast hosts and attendees across web and mobile applications. 
 Work on and improve the product and marketing design systems. 
 Commit to mastering the art of online events and understand deeply the design problems in creating a live video environment that scales to millions of users. 
 Advocate for inclusion & accessibility by making sure all backgrounds and identities are included in the design process. 
 Set and create graphics that are consistent with the overall design language. 
 Create concepts and prototypes using design tools like Figma (or similar). 
 
 Your skills & experience 
 
 Deep experience in designing products across web and mobile apps. 
 Vision & strategy: proven ability in driving, communicating, and executing against a vision. 
 Strong ability to apply systems design thinking to complex problems. 
 Agility in utilizing a variety of discovery, research, and validation methods to drive meaningful outcomes. You strive to uncover the “Why” behind the numbers. 
 A strong foundation in HTML & CSS and a deep understanding of native iOS and Android app interfaces. A huge plus if you have a coding background. 
 A humble and collaborative attitude where you're always looking to learn and improve. 
 Bonus: Experience in live streaming/online events or the creator economy. 
 
 Benefits & Perks 
 
 A competitive salary with equity 
 Healthcare coverage (including dental & vision) 
 Flexible hours – We're remote-first, you pick when you work 
 Annual retreats 
 Paid maternal/paternal Leave 
 Flexible PTO & sick leave – Take time off to take care of yourself 
 Investment in career growth and training 
 
 Crowdcast is an equal opportunity employer. We value and celebrate how you identify, who you love, the color of your skin, your age (at heart and on paper), the gods you do or don't believe in, and every other belief and characteristic that makes you uniquely YOU. The more inclusive we are, the better we'll be as a team—and the better we'll be able to create an inclusive product for all. 
 Apply for this position 
 Apply 
 Your application has been successfully submitted. 
 Please fix the errors below and resubmit. 
 Something went wrong. Please try again later or contact us. 
 Personal information 
 First name * 
 Last name * 
 Email * 
 Address (Optional) 
 Profile 
 Summary (Optional) 
 Resume * 
 Details 
 Cover letter * 
 Submit application 
   
 Crowdcast 
 Grow your audience with online events. 
 Website   Twitter 
 Apply for this position 
 Share this job 
 [Tweet](https://twitter.com/share?text=Crowdcast is hiring a Product Designer (Remote)&url=https://workforthem.com/job/14800-product-designer-remote)  Share  [Share](https://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?mini=true&summary=Crowdcast is hiring a Product Designer (Remote)&url=https://workforthem.com/job/14800-product-designer-remote&source=WorkForThem) 
 
 
 WorkForThem 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Terms Of Service 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Menu 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 RSS 
 
 
 Remote Jobs 
 
 
 Find More Jobs 
 
 
 Post a job 
 
 
 Browse Jobs By 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 Locations 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 
 Jobs By Type 
 
 
 Full time 
 
 
 Part time 
 
 
 Freelance 
 
 
 Internship 
 
 
 Contract 
 
 
