Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Part Time Late Night Crew Member 
 McDonald's Restaurants 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Company Description 
 In 1954, an enterprising salesman named Ray Kroc discovered a small burger restaurant in California, and wrote the first page of McDonald’s® history. In 1967, the first McDonald’s Canada opened in Richmond, B.C. and we’ve been growing with our communities and serving quality food at great a value ever since. Today, McDonald’s Canada is proud to be one of the world’s leading foodservice retailers. From coast to coast, we serve delicious choices to more than 2.5 million people in over 1,400 locations every day. We’re also more than just your local restaurant. We’re hardworking small-business men and women, students working part-time, seniors getting the most out of life, and volunteers lending time to make a difference in the communities we live and work in. 
 Job Description 
 Our family bond has allowed us to understand the meaning of work/life balance. We depend on flexible hours to ensure a better quality of life, personally and financially. We offer fair wage and employment practices so employees can build a future for themselves and their families. With adequate training and coaching, we reward our team based off their performance which, will open opportunities for promotion and advancement. Majority of our management team started as crew members and developed their success through our systems. We also provide on-the-job learning of many skills to prepare our crew members for other jobs outside of our system. 
 Your Job 
 Be guest obsessed:  Always putting the guests experience at the center of everything you do 
Genuine communication – Listen, Discuss and Understand 
Work quickly, efficiently and take responsibility when necessary 
Preparing mouth-watering, gold standard quality food 
Processing payments. Working cash, working your smile 
Packaging food with care and accuracy 
Ability to multi-task 
 Qualifications 
 Available to work Part-Time or Full-Time 
Available for late night shifts within the hours of 7pm-3am 
Access to a vehicle is strongly recommended 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
