Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Gérant(e) des Produits de Beauté - Plein Temps 
 Pharmaprix 
 __Laval, QC 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
3545 Boul. Dagenais Ouest, Laval, Quebec, H7P 1V8 
 Join a locally owned and operated store to help deliver health, beauty and convenience services in your community, and keep the customer at the centre of everything you do. 
 Why this role is important? 
 Are you a leader who is passionate about inspiring a team to do their best through meaningful coaching and influencing? Do you love to help people discover their beauty? A career as a Beauty Manager at your local Shoppers Drug Mart store is more than retail and customer service - it’s making connections, being creative and growing professionally and personally at the same time. It’s about helping people explore and uncover what makes them feel amazing, their way. This is your opportunity to be a Beauty Boss! 
 Discover the beauty of working here. 
 Job Description 
 In the exciting and rewarding role of Beauty Manager at Shoppers Drug Mart, you will strive for excellence and successfully motivate and engage your team to work towards their targets. In this role, you always put the customer first, and employ strategic thinking on what is necessary to maintain a strong team culture while achieving sales targets. 
 The ideal Beauty Manager will: 
Drive a Passion for Results – Drive beauty sales, champion the Customer experience, plan and drive execution and drive overall improvement 
Provide Thought Leadership – Analyze and solve problems, support strategies, apply business acumen 
Engage our People – Build collaborative relationships and talent; lead, engage and inspire staff; communicate effectively and influence others 
Demonstrate Personal Leadership – Build trust, adapt and learn, lead by example on all initiatives (e.g. Client Consultations, Makeup Artistry, etc.) 
Demonstrate Planning, Judgment and Decision Making - Independent thinking and decision making when dealing with issues related to customer’s needs and wants, ability to ask the right questions leading to product choice for the appropriate solutions 
Work in conjunction with the Associate-Owner and Front Store Manager to prepare and implement the Store plan and standards 
Possess the ability to analyze situations based on business observations and identify people that need special attention 
Assist in determining that financial objectives are established and achieved, using corporate Sales Tracking Tools to set sales goals and adapt sales program to meet targets 
Seize opportunities to gain exposure within the community and to build a robust clientele (outbound events, clienteling system, etc.) 
Articulate and demonstrate company culture principles, and create an atmosphere that is encouraging and cohesive through team building and communication 
 What you Bring: 
2-5+ years’ retails/ sales experience with a proven track record of achieving sales goals 
Excellent communication, leadership and time management skills 
Experience and confidence managing and supervising people 
Cosmetic experience – Proven ability to demonstrate make-up application, fragrance, skin care consultations 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills 
Commitment to providing excellence in Customer Service 
Ability to work flexible shifts to support needs of this business, including evenings, weekend, and all National Event Days 
 Physical Requirements: 
Ability to lift up to 50 pounds 
Ability to climb ladder 
Ability to bend and stretch to stock shelves 
Ability to work in a fragrance filled environment 
 Why Work for Us? 
 Each Shoppers Drug Mart store has an Associate-Owner, so you will work for a local business owner while having the support of a national brand. Take ownership of your work and find more ways to care about your patients, co-workers, customers and community. 
 Benefit from a purchase discount program, flexible and varied schedules, competitive pay and online learning through SDMU. 
 Associate-Owners recognize Canada's diversity as an opportunity to better serve their communities and strive to reflect the nation’s evolving diversity in the products they sell, the people they hire, and the culture they create in their stores. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants and colleagues with disabilities. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Join our team. Apply today. 
 Why work in a Pharmaprix store or community pharmacy? 
 Work for a local business owner while having the support of a strong retail brand. Benefit from a purchase discount program, flexible and varied schedules, competitive pay and online learning through Pharmaprix University (UPHX). 
 Take ownership of your work and find more ways to care about your patients, co-workers, customers and community. 
 Employment Type: 
Full time 
 Type of Role: 
Regular 
 Associate Owners in the Pharmaprix network recognize Canada's diversity as an opportunity to better serve their communities, and strive to reflect the nation’s evolving diversity in the products they sell, the people they hire, and the culture they create in their stores. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants and colleagues with disabilities. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
