[ 
 Work-Life Feed 
 ](https://worklifefeed.com/ "Work-Life Feed") 
 Rediscover Life. Just Do Work! 
 Search for: 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 News 
 Digest 
 
 Working Life 
 
 myMentor 
 Marketplace Faith 
 Millennial & GenZ 
 
 
 Life in Style 
 
 Life Coach 
 Retirement 
 LifeMap 
 
 
 Tech/Gadgets 
 Professional Institutes 
 
 
 Directory 
 Index 
 
 Worklife Index 
 Gender Equality Index 
 
 
 Work-Life Balance 
 Blogs 
 
 Akinspire. 
 Couples on a Journey. 
 
 
 
 Don't Play It Safe, Don't Shorten Your Career And Life 
 Posted on  July 25, 2020  by  akin Adeleye   Leave a comment 
 I have played it safe many times, that was when I was growing up. And I must say, I paid very dearly during those times. Don't play it safe, it can be expensive. But don't rush into things in a rash, that will also get from you, a leg and a arm. For months, I have tried to work with some colleagues, but there has been no progress. 
 To get some traction, I pulled out of the alliance, to do things solo. Most have been amazed at the unimaginable success achieved. No one need to remind me that if I am going fast, it is because I went alone. This is a project that should go far, and will benefit everyone. Got stuck again, trying to go far. Tough luck going together with everyone, including the unwilling and the saboteurs. Forced again, halted to a grind, playing it safe, for safety reasons and to go far. 
 Every time another horrible event happens, I jump out of my skin, and go solo. I just cannot play it safe, else we will all end up losers. 
 
 “If you want to    go fast  ,   go alone . If you want to   go far  ,   go together .”  —African Proverb 
 
 Science shows what unhealthy job and life habits terminate our careers as well as our lives. Health-related job stress has become a worldwide problem. A Gallup Poll reported that 80% of American workers suffer some type of stress on the job. And half say they need help learning how to manage it. So don't play it safe when it comes to tackling these enemy forces. 
 According to research, chronic work and life stress can be just as bad for your mental and physical well-being as smoking cigarettes and can lead to premature death. Here are some bad work and life habits that can contribute to poor health, low job performance and early demise. 
 Be A Desk Potato 
 Most people spend an average of 10 hours a day in a car, at the computer or in front of TV. If you sit a lot, you’re more likely to build stress, gain weight and develop heart disease and diabetes. Mounting evidence shows conclusively that one of the biggest factors that contribute to premature death is sitting too much. Death by siting down! 
 Don't play it safe with comforting, killing long sitting. Your body was not designed for long periods of sitting. Studies show that  ' parking ' yourself for more than four to six hours a day puts you at an 80% greater risk of dying from cardiovascular disease. 
 Regular exercise strengthens the heart, brain, muscles, bones and immune system. It gives you a natural high and a positive outlook on life. Just moving around can cut your risk of sudden cardiac arrest by 92%. 
 RELATED:   Worklife Grooves on Ferrari with a Mentor 
 Have A Pessimistic Outlook 
 Pessimism is a career and life killer. Don't play it safe when you need to kick it as if you are in a $100 million reward loaded, world heavy weight boxing bout. Statistics show that on average, pessimists live seven and a half years less than optimists. 
 Optimism is some of the best medicine to boost your career and life, no matter how dire the circumstances. 
 Don’t Get Enough Shut Eye 
 A long-term sleep study shows that people who sleep less than six hours at night have a decline in brain function. Studies show that if you don’t get enough sleep, you’re at greater risk of stroke, and your risk of death from heart disease more than doubles. 
 Lack of sleep is also linked to depression, impaired immune system function, weight gain, hypertension and Type 2 diabetes. 
 Grab, Gobble, Gulp And Go 
 If you’re like many job-stressed Americans (an estimated 75% according to experts), you practice mindless eating because work takes precedence over your well-being. You hit the ground running, grab a Danish, and scurry out the door to work, sloshing coffee on your clothes as you rush to the office. 
 Maybe you even skip lunch altogether or eat a taco while digging through piles of work at your desk. Perhaps in the evening you throw a frozen dinner in the oven in time to help the kids with their homework. The next morning, you hop on the (not so merry) merry-go-round and repeat the same routine until week’s end. 
 Now that the pandemic has slowed things down, and perhaps you have been working from home, what changes have you made in that part of your life? What difference have you noticed? 
 In an attempt to keep your energy up, before now, you use stimulant drinks. If you’re like many frenzied workers, you play it safe with what you eat. You grab, gobble, gulp and go without paying attention to your hunger or taste. When you’re work stressed, eating becomes a task to complete instead of an experience to enjoy. 
 If you gulp down a Coke, hamburger and fries so you can hurry back to the office, you’re stress eating, which only raises your stress level. You’re feeding your stress instead of managing it. Treat mealtime as a singular activity with value in its own right. Sit down, eat slowly, and chew a few times before swallowing. Paying attention to textures, aromas and flavors of your food help you to relax and enjoy your meal as well as aid in digestion. Plus, it gives your stomach time to tell your brain when it’s full, and you are less likely to eat as much. 
 Rise And Grind 
 Some think it’s hip to work 24/7 with no breaks. They proudly announce that they binge for 18 hours or three days on a project with little or no sleep or food—shunning down time or vacations. Shame if the forced lock down or staycation (not vacation) has not been used as a great time of introspection. 
 If this sounds like you, you can showboat the hustle culture now and wear it as a badge of honor. But in the long run, studies show you will have a slow demise. You cut your career short, destroy your mental and physical health, impair relationships and die an earlier death than your cohorts. 
 
 " So many people spend their health gaining wealth, and then have to spend their wealth to regain their health" 
 
 The hustle lifestyle not only steals your soul, it impairs your mental and physical health,. This is more so, when you play it safe with bad balance in your work life. Tell yourself, there’s a limit to what you can do and put the rest out of the picture. Start to see this attitude not as weakness but strength. 
 Don't Play It Safe -  Play It Safe 
 No, that sub title didn't say, play it safe, read again. It says, don't play it safe! In different scenarios and circumstance, should it be a single consistent option every time? Statistics show that you have more stamina to continue to take safety risks after a car crash than to continue after a series of psychological defeats. 
 Fear of failure leads to fear of success. If you seek safety in routine works, but avoiding taking on risky, unfamiliar, unknown, unexplored or the unexpected, you are actually avoiding success. Routines are secure and comforting, but they can become stale and confining. 
 Studies show that risk takers are happier, smarter and live longer. They climb the company ladder faster, make more money and are more content with their lives. Researchers at the University of Massachusetts found that getting outside your comfort zone can actually extend your life. 
 
 " Career growth and a long, healthy life happen outside your comfort zone." 
 
 Studies show that you have a greater chance of achieving success if you stick your neck out. The solution? Stretch yourself. Instead of fleeing from career unknowns, step into the unfamiliar and unexpected, embrace novelty and build your resilience. 
 What edge can you go to in your work today? Think of it, what unpredictable bridge can you jump off to sprout your wings? What limb can you reach to get to the fruit of the tree? 
 Click here to view original web page at www.forbes.com 
 
 Most Recent Posts 
 
 BBC Worklife 09-15-Jan-2021: Why Self-Compassion – Not Self-Esteem – Leads To Success 
 Self-compassion is a deliberate effort to take care of ourselves. … 
 
 Happiness Cannot Be Described, But Can It Be Pursued? 
 Don't have such a high standard for achieving happiness, that … 
 
 BBC Worklife 01-08-JAN-2021: Why Our Pursuit of Happiness is Flawed 
 A life with loving attachments has been shown to be … 
 
 Worklife Crafting Because Worklife Cannot Be Balanced 
 I think of life as a puzzle. So I carefully … 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) 
 Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 tagged with  Career ,  featured ,  myfunworklife ,  myMentor ,  personal leadership ,  pessimist ,  play it safe ,  wealth ,  work-life ,  work-life balance ,  work-life feed frontpage ,  worklife digest 
 
 myMentor 
 Work-Life 
 Work-life Feed Front Page 
 Working Life 
 Worklife Digest 
 
 Thank you for visiting, leave a comment, start a conversation.  Cancel reply 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Search 
 Search for: 
 Sort by  Relevance  Newest first  Oldest first 
 Work Life And Career Video 
 https://youtu.be/ckQVNR_Cs5M 
 Worklife Daily 
 Worklife: The Secret To Working Anywhere […] 
 Worklife: Unsatisfied With Her $400 Million Net Worth, Jennifer Lopez Wants Even More […] 
 Worklife: Coronavirus: Six Critical Actions Employers Need to Take to Help Women at Work […] 
 Worklife: India Women Vs Patriarchy: Challenges Women Face At Work And What Can Be Changed […] 
 Worklife: This Is The No 1 Thing Retirees Miss About Their Work Life […] 
 
 
 Recent 
 
 
 Popular 
 
 
 Comments 
 
 
 BBC Worklife 09-15-Jan-2021: Why Self-Compassion – Not Self-Esteem – Leads To Success 
 
 
 January 17, 2021 
 
 Happiness Cannot Be Described, But Can It Be Pursued? 
 
 January 11, 2021 
 
 BBC Worklife 01-08-JAN-2021: Why Our Pursuit of Happiness is Flawed 
 
 January 10, 2021 
 
 Worklife Crafting Because Worklife Cannot Be Balanced 
 
 January 9, 2021 
 
 Define Work-Life, Work-life Balance And Quality of Work-life 
 
 August 20, 2020 
 
 Worklife Balance Or Integration - What's The Difference? 
 
 October 8, 2020 
 
 Define Gender Equality Index. Work-Life Balance 
 
 September 25, 2020 
 
 Balancing Entrepreneurship And Personal Life 
 
 August 27, 2020 
 
 BBC Worklife 09-15-Jan-2021: Why Self-Compassion – Not Self-Esteem – Leads To Success - Work-Life Feed  on  Balancing Entrepreneurship And Personal Life 
 Happiness Cannot Be Described, But Can It Be Pursued? - Work-Life Feed  on  Balancing Entrepreneurship And Personal Life 
 Happiness Cannot Be Described, But Can It Be Pursued? - Work-Life Feed  on  BBC Worklife 01-08-JAN-2021: Why Our Pursuit of Happiness is Flawed 
 BBC Worklife 01-08-JAN-2021: Why Our Pursuit of Happiness is Flawed - Work-Life Feed  on  Balancing Entrepreneurship And Personal Life 
 
 Worklife Journal 
 post: Top Talent Recruiters Guide On How To Make The Most Of This Moment […] 
 post: Being A Good Boss In Dark Times […] 
 Post: Headed Back To The Office? These Are Your Rights As An Employee […] 
 Post: Returning To Work Won't Be Easy. Have A Plan For It […] 
 Post: Free Yourself from What You “Should” Be Doing […] 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 
 Tags 
 
 
 January 2021  (6) 
 
 
 December 2020  (2) 
 
 
 November 2020  (18) 
 
 
 October 2020  (41) 
 
 
 September 2020  (39) 
 
 
 August 2020  (59) 
 
 
 July 2020  (65) 
 
 
 June 2020  (2) 
 
 
 May 2020  (2) 
 
 
 March 2020  (2) 
 
 
 February 2020  (6) 
 
 
 December 2019  (1) 
 
 
 May 2019  (1) 
 
 
 January 2019  (1) 
 
 
 December 2018  (3) 
 
 
 November 2018  (1) 
 
 
 September 2018  (2) 
 
 
 August 2018  (5) 
 
 
 Akinspire.  (23) 
 
 
 Blogs  (18) 
 
 
 Career  (12) 
 
 
 Company News  (8) 
 
 
 Couples on a Journey.  (7) 
 
 
 Directory  (14) 
 
 
 Executive Wellbeing Index  (1) 
 
 
 Gender Equality Index  (3) 
 
 
 Government & Workplace  (14) 
 
 
 HR in the Business  (2) 
 
 
 Index  (7) 
 
 
 Life Coach  (3) 
 
 
 Life in Style  (19) 
 
 
 LifeMap  (2) 
 
 
 Marketplace Faith  (4) 
 
 
 Millennial & GenZ  (1) 
 
 
 myMentor  (14) 
 
 
 News  (38) 
 
 
 Professional Institutes  (6) 
 
 
 Retirement  (3) 
 
 
 Tech/Gadgets  (8) 
 
 
 Work-Life  (248) 
 
 
 Work-Life Balance  (14) 
 
 
 Work-life Feed Front Page  (253) 
 
 
 Working Life  (48) 
 
 
 Worklife Daily  (42) 
 
 
 Worklife Digest  (64) 
 
 
 Worklife Index  (7) 
 
 
 Worklife Journal  (25) 
 
 
 Worklife Podcast  (2) 
 
 
 Akinspire   bad boss   blogs   Career   career burnout   coronavirus   COVID-19   engaged employee   featured   friendship   government_n_workplace   healthy work environment   Life   life_in_style   Mental Health   mentor   myfunworklife   myfwlpost   myMentor   News   pandemic   Purpose   Relationship   remote working   social networks   talent development   toxic workplace   wellbeing   Wellness   work-family balance   work-life   work-life balance   work-life blend   work-life daily   work-life feed frontpage   work-life harmony   work-life integration   work from home   working from home   working_life   worklife digest   worklife directory   worklife journal   workplace bullying   workplace conflicts 
 Get Social with Work-Life Feed 
 
 Home 
 News 
 Digest 
 Directory 
 Index 
 Work-Life Balance 
 Blogs 
 
 Facebook Connects 
 
 Facebook Connects 
 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Aimlessly walking through life? 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Disclaimers 
 Worklife Feed Disclaimer Statement 
 
 Housekeeping 
 
 About Worklife Feed 
 Contact Us 
 Cookie Policy 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Follow Us 
 
 Twitter  
 Instagram  
 Facebook  
 Pinterest  
 YouTube  
 
 We need your consent 
 We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. See our Privacy and Cookie Policy. 
 We also use cookies to personalise content and ads, provide social media features and analyse our traffic and share information about your use of our site with our partners. We may also use features such as offline data, device linking, and geographical data to help improve our services. 
 Purposes we use: Personalisation, ad selection, delivery and reporting, measurement, content selection, delivery and reporting, information storage and access. 
 By clicking “I Agree”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. You may read more about any of the purposes, or features that we use and how to manage your consent by clicking 'Cookie Settings'. 
 Do not sell my personal information. 
 Cookie SettingsI Agree 
 Privacy & Cookies Policy 
 Close 
 Privacy Overview 
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. 
 Necessary 
 Necessary 
 Always Enabled 
 Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. 
 Non-necessary 
 Non-necessary 
 Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
