__ 
   
 __ 
   
 
 
 Find a Job 
 
 
 Who’s Hiring 
 
 
 Start Hiring 
 
 
 Jobseeker Login 
 
 
 Employer Login 
 
 
 Post a job 
 
 
   twitter 
 
 
   linkedin 
 
 
 Find a Job 
 
 
 Who’s Hiring 
 
 
 Start Hiring 
 
 
 Jobseeker Login 
 
 
 Employer Login 
 
 
 Post a job 
 
 
 Search 
   
 Should I Specify a Location for My Remote Job? 
 Location Is a Mandatory Field 
 Not all remote jobs are created equal and alike. Some remote jobs would better be described as flexible: part in office and part at home. Others are remote but require occasional visits to the office. Still others are fully remote, but the employer must limit its candidate pool to a specific geographical location.  For example, they may only be able to payroll US citizens. 
 That’s why location is a mandatory field on Work the North. When preparing a job post, you should select either the location the worker is most likely to work from (Canada) or the location they might need to report to (where your office is located). This helps the candidate understand if your open position is a fit for them. 
 For example, if they’re looking for a purely remote job they can perform from Winnipeg, they might be leery of applying to a flexible job in Kingston. Both job seeker and recruiter save time and don’t get their hopes up for an impossible fit. 
 So, How  Should  I Describe My Remote Job? 
 A good rule of thumb to attract work from home candidates is to include the word “remote” in the job title and in the body of your  job post . Then, at the end of your post, add some detail about just what remote work means in your organization. If remote is just an option for a normally in office role, you might want to call the job flexible. If you expect them to travel to job sites, you should make that clear as well. 
 You should also any include any filters you’ll be applying to the candidate pool. For example, if you’re only open to contractors, make that clear. If you can only payroll employees located in a specific country or province, state that upfront. While a big pile of resumes can feel good (so many interested candidates!), if it’s full of unqualified applicants,  it’s a burden, not an asset . 
 Twitter Facebook Linkedin Pinterest email 
 Employers ,  Job Board Help 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 You must be  logged in  to post a comment. 
 Job Alerts 
 Subscribe 
 By clicking this button, you consent to receive emails about new jobs that relate to your search criteria. Remember: you can cancel these email alerts at any time. 
 __Thank you for signing up! 
 Job Categories 
 
   Staffing & Recruiting 
   IT Architecture 
   Big Data Analytics 
   Media & Publishing 
   DevOps 
   E-Commerce 
   App Development 
   Networking 
   Civil Engineering 
   Manufacturing 
   Biotech & Pharma 
   Sales 
   Energy 
   IT Consulting & Pre-Sales 
 Marketing 
   Financial Services 
 Finance 
 Education 
   Wireless & Telecom 
   Content Marketing 
   Legal Services 
   Virtualization 
   Cloud Computing 
   IT Security 
   Non-Profit Organization 
 Human Resources 
   Consumer Goods 
   ERP Solutions 
   Management Consulting 
   Software Sales 
   IT Support 
   Renewables 
   Point of Sale Solutions 
 Construction 
 
 __ 
 Contract Type 
 
 Analyst 
 Architecture 
 Customer support 
 Data Science 
 Design 
 DevOps 
 Engineering 
 ERP Consulting 
 Full Time 
 Part Time 
 Product Management 
 QA & Testing 
 Research 
 Software 
 
 
 (C) 2021 WorkTheNorth | Powered by  Careerleaf Job Board Software 
 v.3.5.28-67-g06e5c43 
 
 The View from Everywhere 
 Privacy Policy 
 Terms and Conditions 
 About Us 
 Contact Us 
 
 __ 
 We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok 
