
 
 
 Jobs Home 
 
 
 Member's Portal 
 
 
 Login 
 
 
 Back to Search Results... 
 Harvest Workers (36 views) 
   
  WTC  
  Casual  
 Stanthorpe, Queensland 
 04/01/2021 
 Share: 
 
 Family owned and operated business that specialises in growing, packing, marketing and transporting fresh vegetables to both the domestic and export markets. 
 With multiple farming operations throughout Queensland and a diverse range of job opportunities, we are always on the look out for great people to join our team. 
 With harvest well underway in Stanthorpe, we are seeking candidates looking for harvest labour farm work. Whilst experience in vegetable picking and packing is desired, we are prepared to offer training and reliable hours (weather permitting) to any applicant who is willing to get their hands dirty, enjoys the outdoors and can manage a fair degree of physical labour. 
 To be successful in this role, candidates will require reliable transport and a firm commitment to Workplace Health and Safety systems and processes. Given the nature of our industry, early morning starts are a requirement of the role as is some weekend work and physical fitness. 
 In return for your commitment, successful applicants will be rewarded with a competitive pay rate, well regarded company and opportunities for career progression. 
 we embrace a culturally diverse workforce and welcome all applications.  Locals are strongly encouraged to apply.  For our Working Holiday Makers. 
 So if you are ready to roll up your sleeves and start your journey in the horticulture sector, we are happy to provide you the opportunity. 
 Number of Positions Available  : 25 
 LOG IN TO APPLY 
 Use Caution When Searching For Work 
 Read More 
 LOGIN 
 WTC ID 
 Password 
 » 
 FORGOT PASSWORD? 
 Register a company account 
 Username 
 Email 
 Password 
 Retype Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Enter your email address 
 © Work and Travel Company Pty Ltd 
 --> Having Issues? Email our support team <-- 
 Follow Us 
 
 
 
 
 
 
