
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to primary sidebar 
 Skip to footer 
 
 These 10 Industries Hire The Most Remote Workers.  FREE Guide. Close Top Banner 
 Additional menu 
 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Work From Home Happiness 
 Actionable Advice from Ashlee Anderson 
 
 Career Coaching 
 
 30-Minute Career Q & A 
 60-Minute Career Clarity & Direction 
 Resume Writing 
 The Effortless Remote Job Search 
 
 
 Career Paths
 
 Bookkeeper 
 Content Marketer 
 Medical Billing & Coding 
 Medical Transcription & Editing 
 Proofreader 
 Transcription 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Writer 
 
 
 Resources 
 Now Hiring 
 Blog 
 About 
 
 Newsletter Sign Up 
 Get In Touch 
 Disclosure Statement 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Start Here. 
 
 Remote Job Resources 
 __Tweet 
 __Pin 25 
  __Share 35 
  __Share 
 60 Shares 
 When you're looking for a telecommute position, it's helpful to have a list of remote job resources. 
 So, that's exactly what I did. 
 The list of resources here are broken down by section, so be sure to scroll through the list to find what you're looking for. 
 Whether you need remote job leads, resume help, networking tips, skills development and training or just feel stuck, this list will point you in the right direction. 
 Remote Skills & Professional Development 
 1. Bookkeeper Business Academy 
 Learn the ins and outs of bookkeeping from a longtime bookkeeper AND how to establish yourself in the market. 
 Free Bookkeeper Training Series 
 2. Career Step 
 This online training academy provides specific career training. The two remote-friendly options include Medical Billing & Coding and Medical Transcription & Editing. 
 Medical Billing & Coding  
 Medical Transcription & Editing  
 Let them know Ashlee Anderson sent you! 
 3. Coursera 
 From individual courses to certificate programs and even degrees, Coursera brings affordable online learning to the world. Top universities like Yale and Stanford contribute content to Coursera but without the Ivy League price. 
 There are even financial aid opportunities available. My top course picks include Google IT Support, Python for Everyone, and Project Management -- but there are hundreds more to choose from. 
 Learn More About Coursera Today 
 4. Horkey Handbook 
 Horkey Handbook is a valuable resource for anyone who wants to start a career as a virtual assistant (VA) or freelance writer but is clueless on how to go about it. 
 30 Days or Less To Freelance Writing Success  
 30 Days or Less to Virtual Assistant Success 
 5. LinkedIn Learning 
 When you need to learn a new professional skill, it's really easy to head on over to LinkedIn. You should already have a  powerful LinkedIn profile  set up to support your search and can use it to also complete coursework. 
 The best part? You can try LinkedIn Learning for FREE to supplement skills you're missing or need to strengthen for your next job or promotion. 
 Try LinkedIn Learning for Free 
 6. Transcribe Anywhere 
 When you want to learn the ins and outs of virtual transcription work, Transcribe Anywhere is the place to go. Currently, there are two offerings: Legal Transcription & General Transcription. Both are great choices for aspiring typists. 
 Legal Transcription  
 General Transcription 
 7. Proofread Anywhere 
 Proofread Anywhere teaches a very specific type of proofreading -- proofreading for court reporters. If you have a knack for spotting errors and enjoy the legal field, take the free course over at Proofread Anywhere. 
 Legal Transcript Proofreading 
 8. General Proofreading 
 When you want a little variety in your proofreading career, general proofreading is right up your alley. You can learn how to use your knack for spotting errors to become a well-paid proofread. 
 [Free Proofreading Workshop 
 ](https://workfromhomehappiness.com/general-proofreading-course) 
 9. Publication Proofreading & Editing 
 If you like the editorial side of things, the Art of Proofreading is the place for you. There you can learn how to work with publishers to proofread and copy edit manuscripts before they're published. 
 Free Masterclass for Editors & Proofreaders 
 10. Tax Preparer 
 I hire someone to do my taxes because it's easier for me and something better left to the pros. If you have a love for numbers and want to help others who don't, consider becoming a professional tax preparer! 
 Free Tax Class Workshop 
 E-Books & Audiobooks 
 11. Audible 
 You can use Audible to listen to a variety of career books wherever you are, whether you're at home or on the go. 
 Try Audible and Get 2 Free Audiobooks 
 12. What Color Is Your Parachute? 
 A classic career book that is perfect for anyone who really doesn't know what they want to do. 
 What Color Is Your Parachute 
 13. Do What You Are 
 Define your career based around your personality type. This best-selling guide book helps you find truly satisfying work. 
 Do What You Are 
 14. The 2-Hour Job Search 
 This job search book is geared more toward white-collar job seekers and college graduates. If that's you, it's a must-read! 
 The 2-Hour Job Search  
 15. Make Money As A Podcast Producer 
 Podcast producing is big business, and it happens to be a career you can launch and grow completely from home. 
 Make Money As A Podcast Producer 
 16. Make Money From Home Best-Selling E-Books 
 I could seriously sit here and list dozens upon dozens of e-books geared toward remote job seekers. But instead of loading this list with tons of books, I recommend you check out the Top 10 Work From Home E-Books on Amazon. There's something for everyone -- and the list constantly changes so you never know what you'll find! 
 Top 10 Work From Home E-Books on Amazon 
 Remote Job Search Sites 
 17. We Work Remotely 
 More than 2.5 million job seekers visit We Work Remotely each month for job leads. You should too. You can browse by category and find genuine leads from trusted companies like Amazon and Google. 
 We Work Remotely  
 18. Jobspresso 
 Jobspresso hand-picks its job leads so you never have to worry about scams. Plus, it's free for job seekers, like you, to use. 
 Jobspresso 
 19. FlexJobs 
 FlexJobs is a membership remote job site. The price per month depends on the type of membership you purchase. You can use promo code: AFFPROMO to save 30% on your FlexJobs membership. 
 FlexJobs 
 20. Remote.co 
 Remote.co is one of my personal favorite job board sites. It's also the site I use most often to update my  work from home jobs  page. Remote.co is free to use and is trusted by companies like CNN, Entrepreneur, and CNBC. 
 Remote.co 
 21. Remotive.io 
 Remotive primarily has jobs from startups (companies that have been up and running for 5 years or less). What I personally love about Remotive is the community aspect of it including a Slack channel you can join. 
 Remotive.io 
 22. Power To Fly 
 Power To Fly is a women-led community that offers flexible and remote jobs. My favorite perk of Power to Fly are the daily virtual events you can take part of for free. 
 Power To Fly  
 Job Search Help & Guidance 
 23. JobScan 
 Did you know your resume is usually scanned by software before it sees a real person? JobScan is an online tool you can use to optimize your resume and LinkedIn profile so you can get in front of humans and past the robots. 
 JobScan 
 24. Myers-Briggs Type Indicator Assessment 
 Your personality type plays a big role in your career. If you don't know your four-letter type, it's a good idea to discover it! With your personality type in hand, you can create a meaningful job search based around what fuels you and fulfills you. Please email me if you want to discover your MBTI type, as I am certified to administer this assessment. 
 Discover My Type  
 25. Career Coaching 
 As a career coach, I can help you create goals, tackle career marketing materials like resumes, LinkedIn, cover letters and more. Plus, I act as an accountability partner to help you get from Point A to Point B. 
 Speak to Me For Free  
 26. Top 10 Industries That Hire The Most Remote Workers 
 Which industries are more remote-friendly than others? I've written an entire guide to answer that question! Sign up for my newsletter and I'll give you a free 15-page PDF that details that top 10 industries that hire the most remote workers. 
 Get Your Free PDF 
 27. CareerFitter 
 One of the career tools I use as a career coach is  CareerFitter.com , this has been a valuable  career quiz  guiding my clients toward finding their work personality and best career. 
 Contact me  for a free 10-page CareerFitter Report with your work personality strengths and remote careers that fit you best. 
 __Tweet 
 __Pin 25 
  __Share 35 
  __Share 
 60 Shares 
 Primary Sidebar 
 Hi. I'm Ashlee. 
 Ashlee Anderson is a Certified Professional Career Coach (CPCC) specializing in remote work. She's on a mission to help job seekers ditch their daily commute in favor of telecommuting.  Read More… 
 
 
 
 
 Work with Me 
 
 Browse Around 
 Search this website 
 Footer 
 Search this website 
 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 (C) 2021 *  Work From Home Happiness  *  Privacy Policy 
