Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Entry Level Labourers – Catalyst Crofton 
 Paper Excellence Group 
 __Crofton, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Job summary 
 This link allows you to register with Catalyst Crofton and submit a cover letter and resume for consideration in our paper mill. 
 Please go to this link to apply: 
https://career4.successfactors.com/sfcareer/jobreqcareer?jobId=4563&company=CatalystPaper 
 Paper Excellence is a diversified manufacturer of pulp and speciality, printing and writing, and packaging papers. We believe in the enduring value of wood-based products in global markets, and have built a large network of mills and chipping plants to produce them competitively. Through our distinct approach to operational excellence, we deliver high-qualify and cost-effective products to international customers. 
 Responsibilities: 
Labouring work in all areas of the paper mill, providing vacation and training relief 
 Required to work a shift rotation (days and nights) 
 Physically demanding position. 
 Duties and job requirements will include but are not restricted to: 
 Operate mobile equipment for extended periods 
 Be on your feet for extended periods 
 Work in hot and noisy conditions 
 Have good visual perception 
 Be computer literate 
 Qualifications: 
 Requirements: 
 To qualify you must: 
 
 provide a copy of your Grade 12 transcripts from High School 
 possess a valid Canadian driver’s license 
 demonstrated ability to learn 
 possess a history of safe work performance 
 
 Please note, preference will be given to those with relevant industrial experience. 
 While Paper Excellence values all applications we receive, only those candidates shortlisted for further consideration will be contacted. Please note that all qualified candidates are encouraged to apply, however, applications from Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
