Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Department Administrative Assistant - Mental Health Program 
 Trillium Health Partners 
 __Mississauga, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description: 
 Position:  Department Administrative Assistant 
 File #:  2020-19008 
 Status:  Full Time (1) 
 Dept/Health Program:  Etobicoke Psych-Geriatric, Mental Health 
 Hours of Work/Shifts:  Primarily Monday to Friday; Days 
 Site:  Queensway Health Centre 
 Posted:  November 19, 2020 
 Internal Deadline:  November 26, 2020 
 Trillium Health Partners (THP) is one of the largest community-based acute care facilities in Canada. Comprised of the Credit Valley Hospital, the Mississauga Hospital and the Queensway Health Centre, Trillium Health Partners serves the growing and diverse populations of Mississauga, West Toronto and surrounding communities and is a teaching hospital affiliated with the University of Toronto. 
 Our Mission:  A New Kind of Health Care for a Healthier Community 
 When we set out to build our vision and future, we connected with our community - patients, families, visitors, physicians, staff and volunteers. The foundational goals of our new strategic plan - quality, access and sustainability - anchor everything we do. Our mission for a new kind of health care is built on an inter-connected system of care organized around patients - inside and outside the hospital. 
 At THP, we are relentless in providing high quality, compassionate care to our communities and take great pride in fostering an inclusive and accessible environment and we are all accountable for contributing to a healthy, safe and respectful environment for healing and promoting excellence in patient care though advancing patient and staff safety. If you are passionate about what you do, motivated to improve the health of the community, committed to excellence, quality and patient safety we would like you to join our Better Together team! 
 Position Summary: 
A high achieving, self-motivated individual with exceptional organizational skills and demonstrated commitment to customer service will excel in this position. You must possess the ability to work in a fast-paced and constantly changing environment and be able to disseminate complex information in order to maintain effective working relationships with the Mental Health Program. You are proactive, dynamic and able to anticipate the needs of those you support without waiting for instruction. As a member of this incredible team you are an energizing person, not only with your work, but also your work ethic and style. You are flexible and have the ability to think beyond your role or portfolio, to ensure the success of the program and those you work with. 
 Key Qualifications: 
Grade 12 education combined with 2 years of community college secretarial and/or equivalent work-related experience providing office and clinical administration services including correspondence preparation, mail delivery, file management, minute taking, typing and distribution of agendas and minutes, office supply maintenanceAdvanced technical skills in Windows, MS Word, PowerPoint, Outlook, Excel, MS Project, videoconference and teleconference set up, and medical terminology knowledge 
Ability to manage multiple calendar activities, including booking meetings with internal and external stakeholders, planning and coordinating special events, and assisting with travel arrangements for the program 
Experience and ability in minute-taking, dictation and transcription; well-developed keyboarding skills (50 w.p.m. minimum-accuracy) 
Coordinate sessional dollars and other non-OHIP based remuneration for Ontario Psychiatrists, particularly tracking and responding to monthly invoices from multiple MDs to ensure the highest level of accountability 
Superior interpersonal and communication skills, both oral i.e. answer phones, screen, direct and handle calls; maintain voicemail and written with proven abilities in preparing, designing and distributing internal/external correspondence including: reports, presentations, proposals, letters, memos, minutes, spreadsheets, etc.; combined with a customer-focused approach and ability to handle requests from inside and outside the organization, 
Proven abilities in general accounting support such as processing and tracking invoices, AP/AR expense requisitions and other fundamental transactions 
Previous experience with organizing meetings, education events, etc. and the maintenance of accurate attendance records for CME accredited events. 
Strong organizational skills with the ability to prioritize tasks 
High accuracy and attention to detail when performing a wide variety of tasks 
Self-directed individual who can work independently with minimal supervision 
Must be willing to travel across sites on a regular basis (home site will be Mississauga Hospital) 
Collection of data along with monthly and quarterly reports to the LHIN and Ministry of Health 
Understanding of the MIS guidelines, and CAPS reporting 
 Internal Candidates who believe they possess the necessary qualifications and experience for this position and who have been in their current position for at least six (6) months are encouraged to apply. 
 To pursue this career opportunity, please visit our website:  www.trilliumhealthpartners.ca 
 Trillium Health Partners is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering a healthy, safe and respectful environment for healing, based on our values compassion, excellence and courage. To be Better Together, we commit to fostering a respectful workplace culture that promotes a safe and supportive environment for everyone who provides care, supports caregiving, receives care or visits the hospital. 
 In accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005 and the Ontario Human Rights Code Trillium Health Partners will provide accommodations throughout the recruitment and selection process to applicants with disabilities. If selected to participate in the recruitment and selection process, please inform Human Resources of the nature of any accommodation(s) that you may require in respect of any materials or processes used to ensure your equal participation. 
 All personal information is collected under the authority of the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act. 
 Trillium Health Partners is identified under the French Language Services Act. 
 We thank all those who apply but only those selected for further consideration will be contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
