
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Biological Sciences Postdoctoral Scholar (EcoPod) 
 Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Biological Sciences Postdoctoral Scholar (EcoPod) 
 Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory 
 [](mailto:?subject=Biological%20Sciences%20Postdoctoral%20Scholar%20%28EcoPod%29&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/14025246/biological-sciences-postdoctoral-scholar-ecopod/ "Email")  
 Application 
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 October 22, 2020 
 Location: 
 Berkeley, United States 
 __ Show Map 
 Salary: 
 Open 
 
 Lawrence Berkeley National Lab's (   LBNL  ) Joint Genome Institute (   JGI  ) Division has an opening for a Postdoctoral Biological Sciences to join the team. 
 In this exciting role, you will perform research on plant-microbe interactions with an emphasis on the role of plant genes on microbial community composition. Your responsibilities include identifying mutants in the model grass Brachypodium distachyon that affect production and/or exudation of compounds thought to influence microbiome community composition and characterizing the effect of these mutations on microbiome composition and function. The project will test interactions at two scales. First, at a small scale using small growth chambers that enable non-destructive imaging and sampling  EcoFABs  of roots and microbes as a tool to rapidly test hypotheses. Second, at a larger, more field relevant scale, using chambers called EcoPODs that will allow for more realistic growth conditions and spatial studies. Additional available resources include a collection of B. distachyon mutants containing over 2M sequenced mutations, a robotic system to manipulate and maintain EcoFABs during experiments, fluorescently labeled bacterial strains that are part of a synthetic community used by several projects at Lawrence Berkeley Lab. Methods to study plant-microbe interactions will include 16S community profiling, metabolomics, and fluorescence microscopy. You will store and organize results for presentation and viewing by project team members and the wider scientific community and prepare results for publication in scientific journals. 
 What You Will Do: 
 
 
 Identify genes that may affect root exudation. 
 
 
 Identify mutants in these genes in the model grass Brachypodium distachyon from existing collections of sequenced mutants. 
 
 
 Characterize the effect of these mutations on the root microbiome composition and function. 
 
 
 Determine the fate of transgenic microbes in the soil and rhizosphere over time. 
 
 
 Quantify the movement of transgenic microbes in the soil and rhizosphere. 
 
 
 Use 16S community profiling to characterize microbial community composition. 
 
 
 Use metabolomics to characterize root-microbe interactions. 
 
 
 Store and organize results for presentation and viewing by JGI staff, collaborators, and the wider scientific community. 
 
 
 Interact with multi-institution project team members to ensure efficient communication and completion of analysis projects. 
 
 
 Write results up for publication. 
 
 
 Additional Responsibilities as needed: 
 
 
 Work with group members and/or outside collaborators on additional plant-microbe projects. 
 
 
 Create transgenic plants to test specific hypotheses. 
 
 
 What is Required: 
 
 
 Ph.D. in life sciences with relevant research experience. 
 
 
 Strong background in molecular biology, plant biology, and/or microbiology. 
 
 
 Strong organizational and record-keeping skills to record experiment results and analyze data. 
 
 
 Laboratory experience in molecular biology, plant biology, and/or microbiology. 
 
 
 Effective oral and written communication skills to present findings at group meetings and conferences and publish results. 
 
 
 Ability to interact with a variety of technical and scientific personnel including Research Associates, Scientists, and Software Engineers. 
 
 
 Desired Qualifications: 
 
 
 Experience using bioinformatics tools such as ARB, BLAST, IMG, QIIME. 
 
 
 Experience with fluorescence microscopy. 
 
 
 Experience analyzing metabolomic data. 
 
 
 The posting shall remain open until the position is filled. 
 Notes: 
 
 
 This is a full-time, 1 year, postdoctoral appointment with the possibility of renewal based upon satisfactory job performance, continuing availability of funds and ongoing operational needs. You must have less than 4 years of paid postdoctoral experience. Salary for Postdoctoral positions depends on years of experience post-degree. 
 
 
 This position is represented by a union for collective bargaining purposes. 
 
 
 Salary will be predetermined based on postdoctoral step rates. 
 
 
 This position may be subject to a background check. Any convictions will be evaluated to determine if they directly relate to the responsibilities and requirements of the position. Having a conviction history will not automatically disqualify an applicant from being considered for employment. 
 
 
 Diversity, equity, and inclusion are core values at Berkeley Lab. Our excellence can only be fully realized by faculty, students, and staff who share our commitment to these values. Successful candidates for our faculty positions will demonstrate evidence of a commitment to advancing equity and inclusion. 
 
 
 Work will be primarily performed at Lawrence Berkeley National Lab, 1 Cyclotron Road, Berkeley, CA. 
 
 
 Learn About Us: 
 JGI & Berkeley Lab: A View to Fuel Innovative Science in the Public Interest 
 They say it's all about location and Berkeley Lab has it all: a view above the San Francisco Bay, cool breezes, and world-class multidisciplinary science within a diverse and respectful research ecosystem of 5,000 people. Nearly 90 years ago, Ernest Orlando Lawrence, the inventor of the cyclotron, brought physicists, biologists, engineers and mathematicians together in Berkeley above the University of California campus to tackle the most urgent scientific challenges. Today, after garnering 13 Nobel Prizes, Berkeley Lab has sustained and grown that tradition of open, interdisciplinary team science, exemplified by how the U.S. Department of Energy Joint Genome Institute (JGI) addresses the most pressing energy and environmental challenges using integrative genome science approaches. JGI takes up residence in the new, state-of-the-art Integrative Genomics Building (IGB) along with the U.S. Department of Energy Systems Biology Knowledgebase (KBase) to expand the frontiers of energy and environmental science in partnership with the worldwide community of researchers. Will you join us and be a critical part of our next ground-breaking discoveries? 
   Berkeley Lab  (LBNL) addresses the world's most urgent scientific challenges by advancing sustainable energy, protecting human health, creating new materials, and revealing the origin and fate of the universe. Founded in 1931, Berkeley Lab's scientific expertise has been recognized with 13 Nobel prizes. The University of California manages Berkeley Lab for the U.S. Department of Energy's Office of Science. 
 Working at Berkeley Lab has many rewards including a competitive compensation program, excellent health and welfare programs, a retirement program that is second to none, and outstanding development opportunities. To view information about the many rewards that are offered at Berkeley Lab-  Click Here . 
 Equal Employment Opportunity: Berkeley Lab is an Equal Opportunity/Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, age, or protected veteran status. Berkeley Lab is in compliance with the  Pay Transparency Nondiscrimination Provision  under 41 CFR 60-1.4. Click  here  to view the poster and supplement: "Equal Employment Opportunity is the Law. 
 Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory encourages applications from women, minorities, veterans, and other underrepresented groups presently considering scientific research careers. 
 
 
 Internal Number: 91335 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory 
 In the world of science, Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory (Berkeley Lab) is synonymous with excellence. Thirteen scientists associated with Berkeley Lab have won the Nobel Prize. Fifty-seven Lab scientists are members of the National Academy of Sciences (NAS), one of the highest honors for a scientist in the United States. Thirteen of our scientists have won the National Medal of Science, our nation's highest award for lifetime achievement in fields of scientific research. Eighteen of our engineers have been elected to the National Academy of Engineering, and three of our scientists have been elected into the Institute of Medicine. In addition, Berkeley Lab has trained thousands of university science and engineering students who are advancing technological innovations across the nation and around the world. Berkeley Lab is a member of the national laboratory system supported by the U.S. Department of Energy through its Office of Science. It is managed by the University of California (UC) and is charged with conducting unclassified research across a wide range of scientific disciplines. Located on a 200-acre site in the hills above the UC Berkeley campus that offers spectacular... views of the San Francisco Bay, Berkeley Lab employs approximately 4,200 scientists, engineers, support staff and students. Its budget for 2011 is $735 million, with an additional $101 million in funding from the American Recovery and Reinvestment Act, for a total of $836 million. A recent study estimates the Laboratory's overall economic impact through direct, indirect and induced spending on the nine counties that make up the San Francisco Bay Area to be nearly $700 million annually. The Lab was also responsible for creating 5,600 jobs locally and 12,000 nationally. The overall economic impact on the national economy is estimated at $1.6 billion a year. Technologies developed at Berkeley Lab have generated billions of dollars in revenues, and thousands of jobs. Savings as a result of Berkeley Lab developments in lighting and windows, and other energy-efficient technologies, have also been in the billions of dollars. Berkeley Lab was founded in 1931 by Ernest Orlando Lawrence, a UC Berkeley physicist who won the 1939 Nobel Prize in physics for his invention of the cyclotron, a circular particle accelerator that opened the door to high-energy physics. It was Lawrence's belief that scientific research is best done through teams of individuals with different fields of expertise, working together. His teamwork concept is a Berkeley Lab legacy that continues today. 
 Show more 
 Show less 
 Connections working at Lawrence Berkeley National Laboratory 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
