Stay-at-home-Yeti 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
   
 Tag Archives: Beyoncé career Grammys 20 
 February 11, 2015 * 8:07 am 
 Beck: "Morning Phase" 
 Alright, at first I thought this whole  Kayne West vs. Beck  at the  Grammys  thing was kind of funny and just further proof of what a total  fucking idiot  Mr. West really is. But after spending just about every waking minute since Sunday night listening and re-listening to  Morning Phase  -- which I got for  Christmas  and is already right up there with  Mutations  and  Sea Change  as one of my favorite  Beck  albums of all time -- I'm done thinking it's funny. And actually, I'm kinda pissed. 
 
 Morning Phase  is a gorgeous, shimmering piece of folksy pop/rock perfection. Seriously, I want to just close my eyes and dive into some of those songs, this is  Beck  on overdrive and this  album  is freaking glorious on every level. And for anyone, anywhere to even remotely suggest that this lush, sensual album for the ages is in any way not Grammy-worthy is just fucking crazy. Yeah, I know, I dropped two F-bombs in one blog post, sue me. 
 The other thing that really irks me is that  Beyoncé  (who, by the way, is totally blameless here. It's not her fault  Kayne  is an  asshat !) already has a staggering 20 Grammys to her name. In fact, she is the most nominated female artist in Grammy history and the second most honored female artist at the Grammys like, ever. Trust me,  Sasha Fierce  don't need no more Grammys. 
 By comparison,  Beck  has won six career Grammys. Six! When  Star Wars: Episode VII  opens this May there will be more  Star Wars  movies than Grammys with the name  Beck  on them in the world. And as much as I love me some  Star Wars  , that is just plain crazy. 
 So, even though this will cost me another quarter in the  swear jar  at home, I gotta say it:  go fuck yourself, Kanye!  Whew, I feel so much better. Thanks. Now, if you haven't already checked out  2014's Album of the Year , get stepping. It's amazing! 
 Posted with Blogsy 
 Leave a comment 
 Filed under  Daddy stuff ,  Music ,  TV Stuff 
 Tagged as  album cover ,  albums ,  angry music ,  award season 2014 ,  award shows ,  awards ,  Beck ,  Beck albums ,  Beck at the Grammys ,  Beck fans ,  Beck humble ,  Beck is awesome ,  Beck rocks ,  Beck vs. Beyoncé ,  Beck's Morning Phase ,  Beyoncé ,  Beyoncé albums ,  Beyoncé awards ,  Beyoncé career Grammys 20 ,  Beyoncé Grammy count ,  Beyoncé most nominated female artist ,  Blue Moon song ,  CBS ,  cool singers ,  cool-music ,  favorite Beck albums ,  folk music ,  fucking idiot Kanye ,  Grammy Album of the Year ,  Grammy award winners ,  Grammy's ,  Grammy-worthy music ,  Grammys on CBS ,  Guero ,  I am Sasha Fierce ,  Kanye ,  Kanye asshole ,  Kanye defends Beyoncé ,  Kanye is an asshat ,  Kanye is an asshole ,  Kanye slams Beck ,  Kanye steals spotlight again ,  Kanye sucks ,  Kanye vs. Beck ,  Kanye West ,  Kanye West sucks ,  Loser ,  Midnight Vultures ,  Morning Phase ,  movies ,  Mr. West ,  music ,  music-news ,  musicians ,  Mutations ,  new albums ,  no artistry ,  pop ,  pop music ,  Prince ,  rock ,  rock music ,  Sasha Fierce ,  Shirley Manson ,  Star Wars Episode Seven ,  Star Wars footwear ,  Star Wars geeks ,  Star Wars movie stuff ,  Star Wars news ,  Star Wars sequels ,  Star Wars: Episode VII ,  Star Wars: Rebels ,  Star Wars: The Clone Wars ,  Stay-at-home-Dad ,  Stay-at-home-Dads ,  stay-at-home-fatherhood ,  Stay-at-home-Yeti ,  stealing the spotlight ,  TV ,  TV shows 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Greta's Dance Recital (2015) 
 Trailer Thursday: "Star Wars: The Force Awakens" 
 Greta's My Little Pony-themed Birthday Party (2015) 
 National Pancake Day (2015) 
 Leonard Nimoy (1931-2015) 
 Trailer Thursday: "Kumiko the Treasure Hunter" 
 Oscar Wrap-up (2015) 
 Oscar Ads (2015) 
 Oscar Party Food (2015) 
 Happy Meal Sweethearts Plush 
 Beck: "Morning Phase" 
 Limited Edition: Red Velvet Oreos 
 Trailer Thursday: "The Slap" 
 Oscar Nominees 2015 
 Merry Christmas (2014) 
 
 
 
 Most Popular Posts 
 
 Barbie Scenario Building 101 
 Disney Princess Leia 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 January 2021 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 
 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 
 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 
 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 31 
 
 
 
 « Jul 
 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 27,248 hits 
 
 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 Ginger on  Oscar Ads (2015) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 yeti9000  on  Oscar Nominees 2015 
 
 
 Cathy on  Oscar Nominees 2015 
 
 
 
 Ginger on  Merry Christmas (2014) 
 
 
 
 Ginger on  Pumpkin Cream Donuts at The Do… 
 
 
 
 
 yeti9000  on  Date Night Movie: "Into… 
 
 
 
 mjoydub  on  Date Night Movie: "Into… 
 
 
 
 mjoydub  on  Pumpkin Cream Donuts at The Do… 
 
 
 
 yeti9000  on  The Sticker Ninja 
 
 
 
 yeti9000  on  The Sticker Ninja 
 
 
 
 mjoydub  on  The Sticker Ninja 
 
 
 
 mjoydub  on  Princess Book Party 
 
 
 
 yeti9000  on  Greta's Bookshelf:… 
 
 
 
 Nina  on  Greta's Bookshelf:… 
 
 
 
 mjoydub  on  Moms Demand Action's coo… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Recent Tweets 
 
 RT @ IndieWire : Bong Joon Ho is set to make history later this year when he becomes the first person from South Korea to serve as the presid…  2 hours ago 
 RT @ CNN : Country music legend Willie Nelson received the Covid-19 vaccine at a drive-through facility in Texas this week. "Getting your CO…  2 hours ago 
 RT @ IlhanMN : Me too, I didn’t give any Capitol tours to anyone last week.  2 hours ago 
 RT @ AOC : I can say with 100% confidence I didn’t give any Capitol tours to anyone last week. Any Republicans out there who want to join us…  2 hours ago 
 RT @ meenaharris : Kids’ shoes literally just be filled with sand  2 hours ago 
 Follow @TNRomero 
 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Albee Baby 
 Apple Store 
 At Home Dad 
 At Home Dads Convention 
 Criterion Collection 
 Internet Movie Database 
 Jamie Oliver 
 Make. See. Eat. Do. 
 Plan Toys 
 Planet Greta 
 Pottery Barn Kids 
 Skip*Hop 
 Sleeping Should Be Easy 
 Strand Books 
 The Land of Nod 
 The Library Store Blog 
 The Writer's Store 
 Writers Guild of America 
 
 
 
 Follow This Blog 
 
 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 26 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 Stay-at-home-Yeti  * totally random thoughts on movies, writing and the gleeful insanity of stay-at-home-fatherhood… 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
