[ 
 Past is Prologue 
 ](https://tessarickart.wordpress.com/ "Past is Prologue") 
 Skip to content 
 
 Hello, My Name Is… 
 
 applying for jobs 
 Entry Level in a 5+Years Experience World 
 With nothing but a meager semester standing between me and the career world, I can often be found browsing websites for job postings. While I could more easily define my greatest trouble as an inability to settle on what exactly I want to do, another major hurdle is the constant reminder that most companies are looking for experienced workers who have been in the field for "5+ years." For this reason, I've resorted to searching for internships at these same companies, but they staunchly insist that to apply for an internship one must be a student. So what am I expected to do? I've clearly already lowered my expectations by willingly looking for jobs without pay (i.e. almost all internships ever), what more can I do? 
 In many ways, I regret not having taken more advantage of the internship opportunities while I was in school. And yet, my situation impeded me from every actually being able to pursue these opportunities. Both monetary and scholastic responsibilities prohibited me from the chances of the more glorious internships. In the summers, I had to work a paying job in order to help fund my education. Nor could I afford to take those distinguished out-of-state internships that would have required me to find some sort of housing. I've often thought about pursuing an internship in NYC, but there were too many hurdles in my way while I was still in school. During the semester, my internship opportunities were limited due to commuting difficulties and class scheduling. Now I'm most available to accept a position, unrestrained by school, location, and money. But now, companies are unwilling to accept me, despite an eager attitude and more than flexible schedule. Unless I'm applying for undergraduate credit, the answer is 'no way,' right off the bat. 
 (As a sidenote, I will admit to a bit of personal hesitance in pursuing more exotic-for a lack of a better word- internships during my college career. Now, however, I feel that I have not only grown into myself, but I am more willing to take risks in order to achieve dreams.) 
 Some companies, however, are more fostering for us just-out-of-school-graduates. For example, NBC's celebrated Page Program is an incredible opportunity (and down-right good idea). The 12 weeks spent in this program help acclimate the eager participants to the industry. They are rotated throughout departments in order to get a full experience and a better understanding of what they themselves would like to pursue. It's a perfect idea and, despite being heavily labor intensive for very little pay, a simply incredibly opportunity. I will honestly profess that being a part of the NBC Page Program would be a LITERAL dream come true (yes, I've had dreams about it). Sounds good, right? So what's the catch? Well, due to the notorious nature of this program and its benefits (who wouldn't want to opportunity to get a foot in the door at NBC), the chances of being accepted to this program are less likely than those of being accepted to Harvard. 
 I'm perfectly well aware that I will never, in any lifetime, be accepted to Harvard. I'm a diligent and hardworking student, with grades that properly reflect my work ethic. However, I am not a genius. I know this, and that's fine. So, if I'm not getting into an Ivy League anytime soon, what are my chances at the NBC Page Program? Clearly this opportunity isn't completely dependent upon an IQ test. I hope, though it may take few (times a thousand) applications, that I can at some point prove my worth to NBC. The Page Program would be priceless experience that I won't give up on. 
 So, in the meantime, I'll continue to troll the sites, searching for jobs that inevitably turn me down due to a lack of experience. To them I say- Take a chance. How am I to get experience, if you won't simply  take a chance . 
 Of course, I'm not above blog begging. So feel free to shoot out any ideas for media/PR/comm opportunities. I'm wide open. 
 __0 Comments  __Leave a comment 
 __[ February 2, 2011  Tessa Rickart   Career ,  Opinion ,  Public Relations ,  school ,  Vent   applying for jobs ,  Career ,  career goals ,  co-op ,  college ,  college senior ,  entry level positions ,  graduation ,  internship ,  job experience ,  job search ,  NBC Page Program ,  real world ,  school ,  work experience 
 Tweet Tweet 
 
 @ kafvautour  Gimme a box o wine any day of the week 😝  17 hours ago 
 Rum and Cokes taste a lot better when you're out at the bar, surrounded by friends, live music blaring, and a decade younger.  19 hours ago 
 @ albrechtosaurus  @ GoogleDoodles  It was like being handed social media gold  20 hours ago 
 RT @ SpfldCollege : Is that a peach basket we spy? 🧺  23 hours ago 
 Best laid social media plans may go pleasantly awry when @ GoogleDoodles  chooses to celebrate a very important date…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   1 day ago 
 
 Photos of my life 
 No Instagram images were found. 
 What I'm Writing About 
 academy awards   advertising   art   awards   blog   blogger   blogging   books   campaign   Career   celebrity   childhood   class   classics   college   communications   connection   disney   dog   event   facebook   fashion   film   free   funny   graduation   humor   image   imagination   job   life   life lesson   literature   love   Marketing   Mashable   media   movies   networking   news   novel   online   opinion   Oscars   Oscar Wilde   personal   pet   picture   pictures   pixar   pr   professional   professor   public relations   quote   reading   real world   research   school   Sherlock Holmes   social   social media   social networking   television   Toy story   Tumblr   tweet   twitter   unique   vent   video   website   words   writing   youtube   Blog at WordPress.com.  Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
