Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Director, Creative, Content and Social Media 
 Loblaw Companies Limited 
 __Brampton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
1 Presidents Choice Circle, Brampton, Ontario, L6Y 5S5 
 The decision to join a company is a big one. We have opportunities for hard working, energetic and reliable people just like you. 
 Why is this role important? 
 Role Mandate : 
Reporting to the Senior Director, Creative Content and Social (CCS), the Director, Creative Content and Social is responsible for leading, organizing and inspiring our internal CCS team, and drive and direct effective output with external agencies and vendors, managing projects with large budgets, and strategic decision making, and producing world-class agency level creative pitches. 
 They will manage and maintain the visual direction and tone of the Brand. They are a creative visionary, with an unwavering dedication and world-class approach to achieving creative excellence, with a focus on excellence in social media, video and broadcast storytelling. 
 As the brand’s first point of contact, they are a trusted partner and possess the insight, knowledge and professional leadership to confidently move from concept through to completion of a project, bringing concepts to life. 
 Accountabilities: 
Lead collaborations with creatives, writers, social specialists, content managers and production artists to create original, industry leading, customer-centric advertising. This may include traditional media, social media, or digital media, including radio and broadcast. 
Oversee ideation and pitching of scripts, casting and production for radio, digital video and broadcast. 
Maintain relationships, brand standards, collaborations, and pitch decks with creative agency partners. 
Create and maintain design system guides and social media guides (brand standards documentation) for the brands in their portfolio. 
Lead the creation of scripts and storyboards for the production of videos (social media, broadcast, digital etc.) 
Execute creative solutions to all briefs from their divisional partners, presenting back cohesive actionable solutions on brief, on time and on budget. 
Maintain a healthy, engaged and effective team through various constantly evolving collaborative methods, staying in close collaboration with the Sr. Director CCS as to the effectiveness and engagement of the team. 
Constantly evaluate team structure and effectiveness, and create action plans for any needed changes. 
Hire the best available talent with the best cultural fit with the existing team and partners. 
Maintain regular (weekly) 1:1 status updates with all direct reports, and respond to all team effectiveness needs. 
Ensure their social/content team maintains a healthy, always relevant social media channel with engaging posts and responsive community management. 
Ensure our digital assets are well looked after, with fresh, relevant on-brand content in partnership with divisional clients and Loblaw Digital and Loblaw Media teams. 
Maintain an open, honest and effective relationship with their divisional VP and supporting team, with an eye to collaboration and co-solutioning. 
Ensure their team stays up-to-date in terms of design, colour, typography, advertising, digital and social, and other marketing trends as much as possible. 
Maintain a productive working relationship with the Senior Director, CCS, with regular brand and team updates and appropriate approvals, leaving enough time for meaningful discussion and changes if necessary. 
Ensure all timesheets are process from freelance workers, and the team is taking vacations at times that makes sense for the business and teams with minimal overlap 
Lead the creation of graphics and advertising materials to support Loblaw Marketing initiatives. 
Lead the production of projects from concept through to final files. 
Ensure creation of effective, industry leading creative concepts. 
Ensure creative works effectively in French language and Bilingual versions. 
Monitor latest design trends and be familiar with competitor marketing programs. 
Stay up to date in terms of software and creative techniques. 
Creative effective, concise presentations and sell your work effectively. 
 Key Performance Measures: 
Advanced graphic design and art direction skills 
Thorough understanding of effective and unique advertising. 
Expertise in running an engaged creative team and evaluating performance effectiveness 
Expert ability to art direct photography, videography, animation, sound 
Expert ability to refine and direct effective advertising, editorial, digital and social copywriting 
Expert ability to direct a food photoshoot or video shoot 
Advanced Ability to quickly react & adapt to business needs with initiative and creativity. 
Ability to prioritize and lead multiple deadline-driven task/projects in a fast paced environment. 
Ability to perform in and feed into a team environment. 
Excellent organizational skills. 
Excellent Ability to create effective, original advertising materials on tight timelines. 
Excellent Ability to respond to emergency tasks without notice. 
 Role Requirements: 
Minimum of 8-10 years of experience in Creative, Content and Social 
Degree in relevant creative fields (Masters or Bachelors degree in design or film) 
A thought leader with highly creative ideas 
Strong leadership and management skills 
Experience leading a creative team (with direct reports) 
Master of typography 
Knowledge of pre-press file preparation including font management and support file links 
Knowledge of digital best practices and output of files for CRM, digital, social, print, broadcast etc. 
Mastery of key components of the Adobe Creative Suite on the Mac platform 
 Core Competencies: 
Excels in a collaborative, team environment. 
Exceptionally innovative and creative, with excellent ability to collaborate. 
Masterful project management skills. 
Exceptional interpersonal skills in order to effectively source information, obtain approvals, build relationships, and provide sufficient influence to achieve success. 
Excellent organizational, planning and problem-solving skills. 
 How You’ll Succeed: 
At Loblaw, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Employment Type: 
Full time 
 Type of Role: 
Regular 
 Type of Contract: 
Loblaw recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. 
 Please Note:  If you have Employee Self Service (ESS) on Workday, apply to this job via the Workday application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
