__ 
 
 Empower 
 Courses __
 
 Courses For Corporates 
 Courses For Institutes 
 Courses For Individuals 
 
 
 Organizations __
 
 For Corporates 
 For Institutes 
 
 
 About us 
 Get Support 
 Blog 
 Contact 
 
 __Setting 
   
 MENU __ 
 __0 
 
 _ _ Facebook 
 _ _ Twitter 
 _ _ Pinterest 
 _ _ Google 
 _ _ LinkedIn 
 
 __Login  [__Register]( "Sign Up") 
   
 __ 
 0 __ 
 
 Empower 
 Courses ****
 
 Courses For Corporates 
 Courses For Institutes 
 Courses For Individuals 
 
 
 Organizations ****
 
 For Corporates 
 For Institutes 
 
 
 About us 
 Get Support 
 Blog 
 Contact 
 
 __ 
 
 Home 
 Course 
 Empower - Build Your Career in Management 
 
 Empower - Build Your Career in Management 
 Empower - Build Your Career in Management 
 Price: 
 Free Take this course 
 Course Features 
 
 
 __Course Duration: 
 
 
 __Category: 
 
 
 __Students: 0 
 
 
 __Certificate: No 
 
 
 __Location: 
 
 
 __Language: 
 
 
 __Lesson: 0 
 
 
 __Viewers: 63 
 
 
 __Prerequisites: No 
 
 
 __Skill Level: 
 
 
 __Course Capacity: 50 
 
 
 __Start Course: 
 
 
 Course Overview 
 
 
 Learning Outcomes 
 
 
 Course Content 
 
 
 Course Overview 
 Rs.2500  Rs.999 (For 6 months access to the platform) 
 Rs.5000  Rs.1499(For 12 months access to the platform) 
 
 In this all-in-one-package, you will get: 
 
 Certificate courses from WordsMaya on communication skills, corporate etiquette, and interview preparation 
 Hundreds of video tips and online masterclasses from industry experts and mentors on Job opportunities for Management graduates, Corporate Expectations, Career Planning, Job interviews hacks, Corporate Etiquette, etc 
 
 Now, Free Add-on 
 
 Certificate courses from  IBM SkillsBuild  on the latest skills like Data and Analytics, Design Thinking, Digital Marketing, Project Management, Leadership, Emotional Intelligence, etc 
 
 Learning Outcome 
 Dreaming for a corporate career and top positions with big pay packages? Power-up your resume with top skills, certificates and get guidance from industry experts at the convenience of your home. You will get ample time of 6 months/12 months to add a dozens on top skills and certificates to your resume and start your career confidently. 
 Course Contents 
 I. Certificate courses from WordsMaya: 
 1. Speak English Confidently and Fluently:  Do you struggle with getting your words out in important situations like interviews, presentations, meetings? Do you become anxious, nervous, tense up, not able to exert confidence? This course will help you with a step-by-step guide to remove the fear of English, give you ready tips for improving verbal communication, non-verbal communication, and public speaking and give you power vocabulary for impactful communication. 
 2. Winning the GD:  Group discussion (GD) plays an important role in the recruitment process. It requires careful preparation and confident execution to make an impact on the recruiter during the GD. This course gives practical tips to prepare and crack the GD to get your dream job. 
 3. Personal Interview Skills:  Being successful in job interviews is not quite simple. But it requires careful preparation. This course will prepare you to crack your interviews easily. This course prepares you mentally and also with techniques for preparing you for common interview questions. 
 4. Resume Writing and Job Searching Techniques:  Getting your dream job is a herculean task. Most job aspirants do not understand the process from searching for available jobs to applying to different jobs with a professional cover letter and resume. This course gives a step-by-step guide to understand the process and techniques for searching for different jobs and applying to those with a professional resume. 
 5. Corporate Etiquette:  Do you want to make a positive impact on professional and social situations? Do you want to interact with people from all walks of life confidently? Knowing appropriate corporate etiquette will help you do this. Imagine walking into a business meeting or a job interview knowing exactly how to behave and how to talk to people authentically. This course will give you practical tips on corporate etiquette for different situations like dining, dressing, meeting, telephone conversations, etc. 
 6. Presentation Skills:  Giving presentations constantly has become the norm for students, team members, and managers. It can be a stressful, overwhelming experience because of the fear of giving presentations. As a result, many presentations are highly ineffective. They fail to engage audiences, deliver the content clearly, and are frankly boring. This extensive course provides a step-by-step guide and easy to implement ideas to prepare, deliver the presentation as well as handle questions from the audience 
 II. Get hundreds of tips and updates about Job opportunities for Management graduates, Corporate Expectations, Career Planning, Job interviews hacks and many more. 
 Join our telegram channel now:  Join Telegram Channel 
 III. Get exclusive access to Live Masterclasses with top industry experts on interview hacks, career planning, corporate etiquette and many more. 
 IV. Certificate courses from IBM SkillsBuild: 
 1. Data and Analytics (Foundation and Advanced):  Making sense of large, diverse data sets allows businesses to make better decisions, with increased speed and confidence. This course is to get answers to fundamental questions such as: What is Big Data? How do we tackle Big Data? Why are we interested in it? How does Big Data add value to businesses? 
 2. Digital marketing:  Digital marketing is promoting and selling products and services by leveraging online marketing tactics such as social media marketing, search marketing, and email marketing. This course will introduce you to marketing and digital marketing. They will help you develop knowledge and skills about marketing basics, planning, ethics, and reaching potential customers using digital marketing techniques. 
 3. Project Management:  Project Management is crucial to business success. This course will enhance your knowledge and skills, and give you the tools and techniques to the initiating, planning, executing, controlling and closing the work of a team to achieve your specific goals. This course will also assist learners in preparing for the PMI®, PMP®, and CAPM® certification exams. 
 4. Leadership:  The ability to make thoughtful decisions when working with team members, colleagues, or customers isn’t just the domain of senior leaders. Learners who develop leadership skills help to create a positive work environment, foster innovation, engaged workers, and more. These learning activities will help you expand your understanding of the importance of effective leadership in the workplace. 
 5. Emotional Intelligence:  The courses can make you better at identifying your feelings, so you can use them as guidance when searching for jobs. You can also learn to manage stressful situations better, as the courses help build greater self-awareness. 
 6. Design thinking:  It is a powerful approach to innovation and brand differentiation, focused on creating experiences that delight customers. Complete these activities to understand and apply knowledge of design thinking principles to develop solutions that deliver exceptional user experiences. 
 7. Collaboration:  It is more important than ever in today’s workplace given the rate of digital transformation that organizations and people experience. You’ll need to be a team player, working cooperatively with other, managing relationships, and working with diverse perspectives. These learning activities will help you develop a set of skills and a mindset to become a more effective team member in the workplace. 
 8. Critical Thinking:  This course will help you improve your critical thinking skills. You'll learn about the intake, investigate, and act stages of critical thinking, as well as how to use analytical techniques to assess information. Finally, you'll learn the advantages of keeping an open mind through cognitive flexibility. 
 9. Decision Making:  Decisions can make a big impact—to your team, your company, or your customers. You need to learn to act with speed and accept the discomfort that can come from making crucial decisions. Learn the process of making those decisions. These learning activities will help you understand how you can overcome typical traps and employ practical decision-making techniques. 
 10. Problem Solving:  Problem-solving is about thinking about how to approach problems, who to involve in the process to solve them, and how to measure the outcome so that you know you and your team are successful. These learning activities will help you develop the skills and behaviors required to solve problems and implement solutions more efficiently by using a systematic process that involves creative and critical thinking. 
 Logine here to see more. 
 Download App 
   
   
 Quick Links 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Course Categories 
 Contact Us 
 __Pune, Maharashtra, India 
 __+91 9168 385 959 
 __ WordsMaya Support Portal 
 2020 ©WordsMaya Edutech Pvt. Ltd. 
 
  _ _ Facebook  
  _ _ youtube  
  _ _ LinkedIn  
 
 __ 
 
 This is required. 
 This is required. 
 Message 
 What is the name of Indian Prime Minister - Narendra ____ 
 This is required. 
 Submit 
