[ 
 Research!America Blog 
 The blog of Research!America, the nation's largest not-for-profit public education and advocacy alliance committed to making research to improve health a higher national priority. ](https://researchamerica.wordpress.com/ "Research!America Blog") 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Advocacy 
 Global and Public Health R&D 
 
 A Weekly Advocacy Message from Research!America: Flat won’t get the job done 
 By  rablogs  on May 22, 2014 
 Dear Research Advocate: 
 Today, Chairwoman Barbara Mikulski (D-MD) released the  Senate’s 302(b) allocations , which were approved by the Appropriations Committee. As you know from last week, the House 302(b) allocation for the Labor-HHS subcommittee is approximately $1 billion less in fiscal year 2015 than it was in FY 14.The Senate’s allocation for FY 15 is roughly the same as it was in FY 14. The bottom line is that, as expected, we have our work cut out for us to achieve the increases needed for the National Institutes of Health (NIH) and our nation’s other health research agencies. Fortunately, Senator Mikulski and other leaders from both sides of the aisle understand the importance of investing in research to drive U.S. innovation. That doesn’t reduce advocates’ workload, but it makes success more than a longshot. 
 Earlier this week, both the House and the Senate Appropriations subcommittees on Agriculture considered bills that would fund the Food and Drug Administration (FDA) in FY 15. The  House  version calls for a $23 million increase (less than 1%) while the  Senate  version provides a $36 million increase. While appropriators deserve credit for finding additional dollars for the FDA given overall FY 15 budget constraints, this agency’s responsibility for protecting the very safety of Americans requires more dollars than this. 
 One role of advocates is to remind Congress that when the FDA is required to run on fumes, the consequences extend beyond food and drug safety. The FDA is also a first responder. For example, in the past few weeks, we have seen the first cases and first person-to-person transmission of the Middle East Respiratory Syndrome (MERS) in the United States. Since its emergence in 2012, the virus has killed over 170 people and infected over 500 individuals. It’s not just the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC), but also the FDA, that faces heightened responsibilities when threats like this emerge. For example, the agency works with the CDC to deploy countermeasures that may still be in the experimental stage quickly and safely. Sounds simple? It isn’t. These are judgment calls that require expertise and rapid research, and both require resources. No budget decision is innocuous, but one that under-funds the FDA is outright dangerous. 
 Will the next Congress continue this dangerous trend of underfunding research agencies and stalling medical progress, inherently putting Americans at risk? Ask Your Candidates! is an initiative that aims to answer that question. Send a  message  TODAY to candidates running for the U.S. House and Senate from your state. If you don’t get a response the first time, keep trying! You deserve answers. 
 I’d like to switch gears to another issue that poses danger, this time to subsets of our population too often underrepresented when the safety and efficacy of new medical products are tested. The NIH is attempting to address one aspect of this problem by directing researchers to include more female mice in their studies. In a letter to the editor responding to a recent  New York Times   article  on this policy change, our Vice President of Communications, Suzanne Ffolkes, also pointed out the need to diversify clinical trials to include more minority participants. Suzanne  cited  polling data indicating low enrollment among minority groups despite a willingness to participate if recommended by a healthcare professional. As you recall from previous letters, PhRMA has launched a major initiative,  I’m In  , aimed straight at this issue, with resources that can help minority patients learn more about clinical trial participation. It’s an example of the private sector helping to serve a critical public purpose, and their work is to be applauded. 
 This week’s letter was authored by Mike Coburn, Chief Operating Officer at Research!America. 
 Sincerely, 
 Mike Coburn 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Posted in:  Advocacy Messages ,  Ask Your Candidates! ,  Centers for Disease Control and Prevention ,  Food & Drug Administration ,  Innovation/Competitiveness ,  National Institutes of Health ,  Research Advocacy ,  Research!America  | Tagged:  Barbara Mikulski ,  CDC ,  FDA ,  health research ,  innovation ,  medical progress ,  Mike Coburn ,  NIH 
 Post navigation 
 <- Older 
 Newer -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Search 
 Follow us on Twitter: @ResearchAmerica 
 
 Looking for opportunities that will advance in research and advocacy for  #brain  health and  #mentalillness ?…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   4 hours ago 
 RT @ Bill_D_Novelli : I’ll be discussing my new book ‘Good Business: The Talk, Fight, Win Way to Change the World’ at a virtual event hosted…  7 hours ago 
 What is the most common birth defect in America? Heart defects. And due to truly amazing advances in research and t…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   9 hours ago 
 
 Follow @ResearchAmerica 
 Research!America on Facebook 
 
 Research!America on Facebook 
 
 Tags 
 #curesnotcuts   AAAS   advocacy   Advocacy Awards   AHRQ   Alzheimer's   Alzheimer's disease   American Association for Cancer Research   American Cancer Society   Ask Your Candidates   Barbara Mikulski   basic research   biomedical research   Bob Casey   breast cancer   cancer   CDC   Chagas   clinical trials   Congress   dengue   diabetes   Ellie Dehoney   FASEB   FDA   fiscal cliff   Francis Collins   global competitiveness   global health   global health research   health research   heart disease   HIV/AIDS   innovation   John Edward Porter   John Porter   malaria   Mark Rosenberg   Mary Woolley   medical innovation   medical progress   medical research   National Health Research Forum   National Institutes of Health   neglected tropical diseases   NIH   NIH funding   NSF   NTDs   Paul Ryan   poll   polls   President Obama   public health   Public Health Thank You Day   R&D tax credit   Rally for Medical Research   research   Research!America   research advocacy   research funding   Richard Burr   saveresearch   science   scientists   sequestration   Society for Neuroscience   STEM   stem cell research   TB   Tom Harkin   tuberculosis   United for Medical Research   vaccines   Your Candidates-Your Health 
 Blogroll 
 
 Age of Engagement 
 CIRM Blog 
 FasterCures 
 Global Health Policy 
 Highlight Health 
 MIT Science Policy Initiative 
 Nature Blogs 
 NIH Director's Blog 
 Not Exactly Rocket Science 
 Research Explainer 
 Research!America Homepage 
 Science Progress 
 ScienceInsider 
 Scientific American Blog 
 TAMEST Blog 
 Wall Street Journal Health Blog 
 WebMD Health Blogs 
 
 Previous Posts 
 
 May 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 
 Categories 
 Categories Select Category Advocacy Messages  (293) Agency for Healthcare Research & Quality  (81) Aging/Longevity  (21) Ask Your Candidates!  (24) Basic Research/Basic Science  (271) BIO Convention  (5) Bridging the Sciences  (50) Centers for Disease Control and Prevention  (180) Clinical Research  (59) Economic Impact  (188) Food & Drug Administration  (129) Global and Public Health R&D  (165) Health IT  (1) Health Services Research  (82) Innovation/Competitiveness  (193) Interdisciplinary Research  (11) Mary Woolley  (178) Mary Woolley Weekly Advocacy Messages  (40) Mental Health Research  (16) National Institutes of Health  (238) National Science Foundation  (107) Personalized Medicine  (7) Prevention & Public Health  (160) Public Opinion  (66) Research Advocacy  (295) Research Investment/Funding  (262) Research!America  (325) Scientific Integrity  (12) Stem Cell Research  (15) The Honorable John Edward Porter  (40) Uncategorized  (33) Your Candidates-Your Health  (21) 
 Archives 
 For blog posts before June 25, 2012, please visit  our previous blog . 
 Contact us! 
 If you have an idea for a post, or just want to contact Research!America about our blog, email us at  editor@researchamerica.org . 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
