  
 The Honking Goose 
 something to honk about 
 Tag Archives: job 
 
 Home 
 About the Goose 
 Image Source 
 TOPICS: 
 Blogging 
 Culture 
 Home 
 Marriage 
 Nerd Corner 
 Parenting 
 Personal 
 Politics 
 Unsolicited Advice 
 Work 
 
   
 it's the most annoying freaking songs ever recorded Time of Year 
 If you do or have worked in retail you'll know what I mean. Even if you just shop in retail stores you can quickly get a feel for how annoying …  Continue reading -> 
 December 9, 2014 *  44 Comments 
   
 I talk to myself 
 Out loud (but quietly, of course). All the time. I talk to myself when I'm cooking in the kitchen or doing the laundry. I talk to myself when I'm at …  Continue reading -> 
 December 8, 2014 *  86 Comments 
   
 I survived my first black friday… 
 … as an employee. I just thought I would let you all know. I'm still alive. 
 November 28, 2014 *  46 Comments 
   
 this is not the line for parenting advice 
 I work in a mid-sized retail store where I am sometimes cashier at the register. Parents come through my line - okay, mostly moms - with happy little children - …  Continue reading -> 
 November 19, 2014 *  89 Comments 
   
 first week at my new job, caution TMI about menstruation 
 Ladies and dudes, it just so happens that it is impossible for me to recount, in a meaningful way, my first week at my new job without also giving Too …  Continue reading -> 
 November 5, 2014 *  44 Comments 
   
 job interview success followed by my first day of work 
 After a couple of okay interviews that didn't get me hired, and one job interview fail, I finally met success. I was hired and I had my first actual day …  Continue reading -> 
 October 27, 2014 *  48 Comments 
   
 job interview fail 
 Note to self: when interviewing for a job at a pet store, do not bring up the fact that two of your pets have recently died. You know how sometimes …  Continue reading -> 
 October 17, 2014 *  42 Comments 
   
 want more money? here's how to get it 
 There are plenty of people out there eager to give advice on how to get rich. If you pay them. And coincidentally, there are loads of suckers who foolishly give …  Continue reading -> 
 October 4, 2014 *  16 Comments 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
