Skip to content 
 
 Twitter 
 Instagram 
 
 
 love, sydnee marie 
 
 
 Primary Menu 
 
 Home 
 Life 
 Dogs 
 Dating 
 Culture 
 Travel 
 Career 
 Scholarly 
 Author Bio 
 
 Search Search for: 
 Category: Career 
   
 Career ,  Life ,  Travel 
 I Have Never Negotiated My Salary Because Of My Immigration Status 
 Although I’ve held many jobs—in public relations, marketing, academia, and now writing—I have never once negotiated my starting salary, much less petition for a raise.  Continue reading I Have Never Negotiated My Salary Because Of My Immigration Status 
 Sydnee August 28, 2018December 30, 2018 Leave a comment 
   
 Career ,  Dating ,  Life 
 I Have Job Envy On Dating Apps & Here's Why That's Not OK 
 I would say I’m a dating, sex, and relationships writer — except that’s exactly the kind of thing that’ll get you left-swiped on a dating app.  Continue reading I Have Job Envy On Dating Apps & Here's Why That's Not OK 
 Sydnee April 16, 2018April 16, 2018 Leave a comment 
   
 Career ,  Clips ,  Life 
 3 Reasons You Should Take A Career Aptitude Test 
 At some point in your academic or even professional career, you will likely come across the dreaded career aptitude test.  Continue reading 3 Reasons You Should Take A Career Aptitude Test 
 Sydnee December 19, 2017December 19, 2017 Leave a comment 
   
 Career ,  Clips 
 6 Surprising Careers To Consider If You Love Writing 
 Gilmore Girls’ Rory Gilmore has long set the standard for career mapping as someone who loved to write.  Continue reading 6 Surprising Careers To Consider If You Love Writing 
 Sydnee December 19, 2017December 23, 2017 Leave a comment 
   
 Career ,  Clips ,  Life 
 6 Signs Your Workplace is Toxic (& How To Deal) 
 If most days, you’re pretty sure you’ve swapped bodies with Andy Sachs from The Devil Wears Prada, you might be in a toxic workplace.  Continue reading 6 Signs Your Workplace is Toxic (& How To Deal) 
 Sydnee August 20, 2017December 19, 2017 Leave a comment 
 Sidebar 
 Welcome back! 
 love, sydnee marie  is a collection of published clips, personal pieces, and the occasional academic journal entry. For more, follow along on Twitter and Instagram @lovesydneemarie. 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Traveling With A Dog: How I Flew My Dog From The U.S.A. To The Caribbean 
 Let's Talk About Jennifer Lopez's "Monster-In-Law" Fashion 
 Gina Linetti's Resignation From The Nine-Nine Was Inspirational AF 
 
 Instagram 
 No Instagram images were found. 
 
 Twitter 
 Instagram 
 
 Start a Blog at WordPress.com . 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
