EconoTwist's 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Manifesto 
 Technology 
 WikiLeaks: The EU Files 
 Photo Comments 
 iRock 
 
   
 Tag Archives: Jobcentre Plus 
 March 27, 2011 * 00:05 
 Anti-Austerity: London's Burning 
 The old classic hit by Clash "London's Burning" comes to mind reading the news report from London this afternoon. More than 250.000 people have attended a march and a rally in  central London  against public spending cuts. But small groups attacked shops and banks with a stand-off in Piccadilly. There have been 202 arrests and 35 people injured, including five police, according to  BBC . 
 " We will fight the savage cuts and we will not let them destroy Peoples' services, jobs and lives." 
 protester  __ 
 
 The main march was organised by the British Trades Union Congress  (TUC), who also helped organizing last weeks protests in Brussels. Labour leader  Ed Miliband  addressed the crowds in Hyde Park,   the largest public protest since the Iraq war  rally in 2003 ,  saying :   " The Tories said I should not come and speak today. But I am proud to stand with you. There is an alternative." 
 TUC general secretary  Brendan Barber  was first in a line of speakers: 
 " We are here to send a message to the government that we are strong and united,"  he said. 
 "We will fight the savage cuts and we will not let them destroy peoples' services, jobs and lives." 
 The TUC, which organised the event, says that more than 250.000 people had taken part in the protest, the Metropolitan Police confirm the numbers. 
 BBC  political reporter Brian Wheeler, in central London, says there were lots of families and older people, and the atmosphere was good-natured but the anger was real. 
 " The noise in Whitehall was deafening as thousands of protesters banged drums, blew whistles and shouted anti-cut slogans, slowly making their way towards Trafalgar Square,"  he reports. 
 Adding:  " The crowds were booing as they went past Number 10, but the demonstration was good-natured and friendly." 
 " There are hundreds of trade union banners, but we have also spoken to public sector workers who have come to make their voices heard." 
 One of those protesting was Peter Keats, 54, from Lowestoft, Suffolk, who works for  Jobcentre Plus . 
 He says: "Personally, _" I think it's wrong the way we are hitting the poor. I'm not so much worried about myself but the customers I deal with are vulnerable and I'm worried about them and I'm worried about the kids of this country." _ 
 Demonstrator Christine Nugent, a university research fellow, says:  " The size and scale of it, and the range of people here, is great." 
 The veteran of anti-Margaret Thatcher demonstrations in the 1980s said protesters came from all walks of life, adding:  " There are a lot of trade unionists here, but it's not just the usual suspects." 
 There have been separate incidents involving a number of protesters, some with their faces covered by scarves, away from the main march: 
 
 A sit-in organised by the campaign group  UK  Uncut took place at Fortnum & Mason department store in Piccadilly. The group has previously mounted protests against tax avoidance measures by big businesses 
 A bonfire was lit by protesters at Oxford Circus, where earlier police said light bulbs containing ammonia were thrown at officers 
 Topshop on Oxford Street had its windows smashed and was doused with paint 
 Missiles were thrown at the  Ritz Hotel , Piccadilly 
 Bank branches including the  Royal Bank of Scotland  were attacked with paint and had windows broken, while branches of HSBC and Santander were broken into. 
 
 Scotland Yard says there had been 202 arrests for public order offences, criminal damage, aggravated trespass and violent disorder. 
 Mr Barber was followed by Mr Miliband, who said: _ "The Tories said I should not come and speak today. But I am proud to stand with you. There is an alternative."_ 
 The march began at 1200 GMT and it took more than four hours for the protesters to file past the Houses of Parliament on their way to the park. 
 But small groups attacked shops and banks with a stand-off in Piccadilly. There have been 202 arrests and 35 people injured, including five police. 
 Ministers say the cuts are necessary to get the public finances in order. 
 Commander Bob Broadhurst  said:  " The main TUC march has been going well. We have had more than a quarter of a million people with hardly any problems. Unfortunately we have had a group of approximately 500 criminals committing some disorder including throwing paint at Topshop in Oxford Street and at the police, and scaring the public who are trying to shop." 
 Policing minister Nick Herbert said the government was "  committed to supporting peaceful protest "  and blamed the violence on  " a small minority of individuals". 
 Mr. Miliband condemned the violence, saying:  " There is no excuse for it. It is unlawful and wrong." 
 Civil rights group Liberty said the march had been "infiltrated by violent elements" who attacked buildings before  " melting into the demonstration once more". 
 Earlier, the largest union involved, Unite, says so many of its members had wanted to take part that it could not find enough coaches or trains to ferry them to London. 
 Related Articles: 
 
 Anti-cuts demo: Protesters occupy Fortnum & Mason as half a million march on London  (dailymail.co.uk) 
 Up to 500,000 attend anti-cuts demo  (mirror.co.uk) 
 In London, 250,000 March Against Austerity Plan  (online.wsj.com) 
 LONDON: Half-A-Million People March In Protest Against Government Austerity Cuts: UPDATED  (lostchildreninthewilderness.wordpress.com) 
 The Guardian: March for the alternative sends a noisy message to the government  (guardian.co.uk) 
 BREAKING NEWS: LONDON: Hundreds Strong Mob Attempt To Hijack Peaceful Anti-Cuts Protest  (lostchildreninthewilderness.wordpress.com) 
 
 35 Comments 
 Filed under  International Econnomic Politics ,  Laws and Regulations ,  National Economic Politics 
 Tagged as  Bob Broadhurst ,  Brendan Barber ,  Ed Miliband ,  Financial Markets ,  Health and Environment ,  International Econnomic Politics ,  International Politics ,  Jobcentre Plus ,  Law & Regulations ,  London ,  Macro Economics ,  National Politics ,  Ritz Hotel ,  Royal Bank of Scotland ,  Trade Union Congress ,  Views, commentaries and opinions 
 
 
 Please Donate 
 
 
 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 A Wall Street View on Social Media 
 Zuckerberg: US Government Is A Threat To Internet 
 Symantec Warns Against Small Business Vulnerabilities 
 Twitter Stocks Tumble on Social Insecurity 
 Finally, you can do something useful with Bitcoin: invest in real estate 
 British intelligence used DDoS tactics against Anonymous, Snowden documents show 
 Legendary hacker group CCC files complaint against German government over surveillance 
 Yahoo Hacked Again: "We Are Under Attack" 
 Extreme Climate Turn Norway Into A Blowtorch (Extreme Photos) 
 Google Buys Secretive A.I. Company DeepMind for $400 Million 
 
 
 
 A Top 100 
 
 
 
 
 
 Photo Comments 
 
 
 
 Office 2012 HOMEless Edition 
 
   RSS - Posts 
 
   RSS - Comments 
 
 
 Follow Me 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 1,758 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 
 
 Contact Me 
 
 
 SECURE CONTACT FORM 
 
 
 Drop Box 
 
 
 
 
 
 Join Me 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like Me 
 
 
 
 
 
 Privacy Tools 
 
 Anonymous Email 
 FaceBook Proxy 
 Gmail Proxy 
 Google Anonymous 
 IP Port Proxies 
 Link Anonymizer 
 MySpace Proxy 
 Web Proxy 
 YouTube Proxy 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Cloud Searsh 
 
 
 Add new tag   Angela Merkel   Asia   Bank   Barack Obama   Ben Bernanke   Business   Central bank   China   Counties   Credit default swap   Deficit   Denmark   Economic   English language   European Central Bank   European Commission   European Union   Eurozone   Federal Reserve   Federal Reserve System   Finance   Financial Engeneering   Financial market   Financial Markets   Financial services   Financial Times   Fitch Group   Germany   Goldman Sachs   Government   Government debt   Greece   Gross domestic product   Health and Environment   Hedge fund   High Frequency Trading   International Econnomic Politics   International Monetary Fund   International Politics   Investing   Investing Strategies   Ireland   ITraxx   Jean-Claude Trichet   JPMorgan Chase   Law & Regulations   Learning   Macro Economics   Member State of the European Union   Monetary policy   Morgan Stanley   Multilateral   National Politics   Natural science   New York Stock Exchange   Norges Bank   Norway   Norwegian language   Oslo Stock Exchange   Philosophy   Portugal   Quantitative Finance   Sience and Technology   Spain   Standard & Poor   Stock market   Stocks and Bonds   Technology   Trade   Trading software   United States   Views, commentaries and opinions   Wall Street   Wall Street Journal 
 
 
 Search site 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 
 
 Trading Software 
 
 
 
 Trade With Attitude 
 
 
 Trading Tools 
 
 Advanced Search Machines 
 Central Bank Rates 
 Interest Rates 
 Market Oversight 
 Morningstar Funds 
 Portfolio Tracker 
 Search Equites 
 Systematic Investment Calculator 
 
 
 
 Trader Hardware 
 
 
 
 Optimize Your System 
 
 
 
 
 
 Visit My Sponsor 
 
 
 
 
 
   Twisted News 
 
 An error has occurred; the feed is probably down. Try again later. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Rock n Blog Roll 
 
 Dagens Ledelse 
 NYT DealBook 
 China Financial Markets 
 Huffington Post 
 WordPress.com 
 gulli.com 
 Daily Capitalist 
 The Irish Economy 
 The Collector's Blog 
 The Wall Street Cheat Sheet 
 EUobserver.com 
 Themis Trading 
 The Hackers News 
 The Technical Take 
 Global Economic Analysis 
 Technically Incorrect 
 The Mad Hedge Fund Trader 
 SecManiac.com 
 The Market Ticker 
 BoomBustBlog 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 The Essentials 
 
 DnB NOR: "Comprehensive System Failure" 
 The Cyber War (III): Complete Chaos 
 More Mysterious “Monster Fish” Comes To Surface 
 World Erupts in Anger: “You Can’t Eat Money!” (Photo Coverage) 
 People's Confidence In The EU Drops To Record Low 
 USA Has Reached Its Debt Limit 
 Stanley's Angles 
 iPhone Is Secretly Tracking You 
 In Dangerous Times 
 As Climate War Intensifies, So Does Extreme Weather 
 Eurogroup Chief Wants Secret Debates on Monetary Policy 
 Call For Independent Audit of Greek Debt – Get Rate Cut Instead 
 So, You Thought BP Was An OIL Company? 
 The Negative Feedback Loop 
 Europe In Debt (Part 1): Creating a Monster 
 FBI Initiate Worldwide Crack Down On Hackers 
 A Black Market of Bank Information 
 Europe In Debt (Part 3): Exit On Main Street 
 "This Is a Political Crisis" 
 Too Big To Jail 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 The Archives 
 
 July 2014  (1) 
 March 2014  (1) 
 February 2014  (5) 
 January 2014  (7) 
 November 2013  (3) 
 October 2013  (4) 
 September 2013  (6) 
 August 2013  (1) 
 July 2013  (5) 
 June 2013  (8) 
 May 2013  (1) 
 April 2013  (5) 
 March 2013  (11) 
 February 2013  (10) 
 January 2013  (4) 
 December 2012  (2) 
 February 2012  (4) 
 January 2012  (7) 
 December 2011  (4) 
 November 2011  (9) 
 October 2011  (8) 
 September 2011  (6) 
 August 2011  (28) 
 July 2011  (16) 
 June 2011  (34) 
 May 2011  (36) 
 April 2011  (22) 
 March 2011  (24) 
 February 2011  (34) 
 January 2011  (35) 
 December 2010  (18) 
 November 2010  (65) 
 October 2010  (72) 
 September 2010  (85) 
 August 2010  (79) 
 July 2010  (70) 
 June 2010  (85) 
 May 2010  (92) 
 April 2010  (78) 
 March 2010  (91) 
 February 2010  (69) 
 January 2010  (53) 
 December 2009  (37) 
 November 2009  (36) 
 October 2009  (23) 
 September 2009  (12) 
 August 2009  (8) 
 July 2009  (1) 
 June 2009  (4) 
 May 2009  (4) 
 April 2009  (18) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   REUTERS 
 
 An error has occurred; the feed is probably down. Try again later. 
 
 
 
   FINANCIAL TIMES 
 
 An error has occurred; the feed is probably down. Try again later. 
 
 
 
   THE WALL STREET JOURNAL 
 
 An error has occurred; the feed is probably down. Try again later. 
 
 
 
   WIRED 
 
 He Made a Viral Bernie Meme Site. Now He Has to Keep It Going 
 
 
 
 Nick Sawhney's “Bernie Sits" puts Sanders anywhere on Google Street View. 
 * [Facebook’s Oversight Board to Decide on Trump Ban](https://www.wired.com/story/facebook-oversight-board-decide-trump-ban)
 
 Facebook has to decide whether to give the ex-president his bullhorn back. It won’t make that call itself. 
 * [Is This a Fossilized Lair of the Dreaded Bobbit Worm?](https://www.wired.com/story/is-this-a-fossilized-lair-of-the-dreaded-bobbit-worm)
 
 Scientists say they've got 20-million-year-old evidence of giant worms that hunted in pretty much the most nightmarish way possible. 
 
 
   SCIENCE DAILY 
 
 Squeezing a rock-star material could make it stable enough for solar cells 
 
 
 
 A promising lead halide perovskite is great at converting sunlight to electricity, but it breaks down at room temperature. Now scientists have discovered how to stabilize it with pressure from a diamond anvil cell. The required pressure is well within the reach of industrial manufacturing requirements. 
 * [Designing customized 'brains' for robots](https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2021/01/210121150958.htm)
 
 Researchers have developed an automated way to design customized hardware that speeds up a robot's operation. The system, called robomorphic computing, accounts for the robot's physical layout in suggesting an optimized hardware architecture. 
 * [Spitting Cobra venom reveals how evolution often finds the same answer to a common problem](https://www.sciencedaily.com/releases/2021/01/210121150954.htm)
 
 A study of spitting cobras reveals how a combination of venom components have evolved to create an instantly painful venom, not once, but on three separate occasions. 
 
 
   NEWS.COM 
 
 The 55 best TV shows to watch on Netflix - CNET 
 
 
 
 Searching for a great show to watch? Here are some of the best Netflix has to offer. 
 * [Resident Evil Village comes out May 7, gets new trailer - CNET](https://www.cnet.com/news/resident-evil-village-comes-out-may-7-new-trailer/#ftag=CADf328eec)
 
 Capcom showed us the first gameplay from the survival horror title for the PS5, PS4, Xbox Series X, Xbox One and PC. 
 * [President Biden names Jessica Rosenworcel as temporary FCC chair - CNET](https://www.cnet.com/news/president-biden-names-jessica-rosenworcel-as-temporary-fcc-chair/#ftag=CADf328eec)
 
 The president is expected to name a permanent chair to the agency at a later date. 
 EconoTwist's  * A Twisted Mind, A Sharp Pen, A Helluva Story 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
