
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Network Infrastructure Planning 
 Verizon 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Network Infrastructure Planning 
 __ Verizon 
 [](mailto:?subject=Network%20Infrastructure%20Planning&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/14220945/network-infrastructure-planning/ "Email")  
 Application 
   
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 December 17, 2020 
 Location: 
 Salary: 
 Open 
 ** 
 
 What you’ll be doing... 
 ** 
 You will take ownership of green field projects, prepare Request for Proposal, prepare solution and defend solutions. You will be liaison with 3GPP team to identify 3GPP submissions, prioritize 3GPP submission items in close collaboration with 3GPP team. You will provide technical leadership and direction to vendors and supporting organizations within the Network and Technology organization. 
 
 Performing early evaluations of new technologies and their applicability to Verizon service strategy. 
 Creating a report based on early evaluation, and identify opportunities across all components of the network including handset. 
 Evaluating and influencing standards to meet our needs for supporting RCS, SMS, MMS both short and long term. 
 Researching and evaluating new technologies and translate business objectives and strategies into viable plans. 
 Analyzing a variety of network solutions from various vendors, determine technical and financial tradeoffs and present solid recommendations. 
 Conducting feasibility analysis and vendor evaluation, which includes leading RFP efforts, developing project plans, managing contracts and vendors and supporting deployment. 
 Interfacing with internal teams such as device, service performance, territory performance and network planning. 
 Maintaining competitive technology information. 
 Advising on multi-million dollar savings and evaluating vendors based on complex technical criteria and commercial should-cost criteria. 
 Coordinating with various account managers, program managers, vendors, and make sure solutions are delivered. 
 Identifying opportunities for automation for major 5G features. Acquiring in-depth, and hands on understanding of the SON platform to ensure integration of 5G features in the SON ecosystem early in the cycle. 
 Negotiating contracts with vendors for new applications and services. Drive contracts to completion with sourcing partners. 
 
 ** 
 
 What we’re looking for... 
 ** 
 You’ll need to have: 
 
 Bachelor’s degree or four or more years of work experience. 
 Six or more years of relevant work experience. 
 Six or more years of diverse cellular wireless technology experience in design, development, test and system engineering. 
 Experience in Project Management and Wireless Network (3GPP). 
 
 Even better if you have: 
 
 Master / Bachelors of Electronics and communication, or Software Engineering, or Telecommunications Engineering. 
 Eight or more years of experience with Radio Access interface specifications, configuration, and network optimization. In-depth knowledge of 3GPP LTE/NR wireless standards, track record of the creation of original ideas in academia and/or industry. 
 Five or more years of experience with designing and delivering radio access network solutions in collaboration with multi-functional teams. Work experience as a system developer, integrator, problem investigator, or system engineer. 
 Five or more years of experience with solving network capacity, coverage problems and ability to proactively look for improvement opportunities resulting in financial benefit. 
 Multiple successful deployments of such ideas which resulted in financial benefit. 
 Work experience in wireless product development, product system engineering, planning, performance, and/or architecture. 
 Experience with new wireless communication technologies such as 5G NR, LTE advanced Pro, Massive MIMO, HetNet, CRAN, VRAN, Mobile Edge Computing, Cloud architecture, CAT-M, IoT, SON. 
 Experience as subject matter expert on above items for multiple technologies. 
 Experience with large scale wireless communication gear software architecture, product software system engineering, or wireless product development work. 
 Knowledge of new virtualization techniques like containers and their orchestration/LCM - Docker, Kubernetes, Helm, and WebScale architect. 
 Ability to generate, understand and interpret technology standards and make it a part of the design solution for projects. 
 Interpersonal and leadership skills along with organizational and people management skills. 
 Detail oriented, motivated to learn independently, and ability to navigate cross functional team dynamics. 
 Contract negotiation and vendor management experience. 
 Experience leading technical deployment of new wireless products and services. 
 Experience creating and presenting technical recommendations to stakeholders and leadership teams. 
 Previous work experience with embedded C/C++, DSP/Power quick development work, UE log processing, network analysis tools would be a great plus. 
 Willingness to travel. 
 
 ** 
 
 When you join Verizon 
 ** 
 Verizon is a leading provider of technology, communications, information and entertainment products, transforming the way we connect across the globe. We’re a diverse network of people driven by our ambition and united in our shared purpose to shape a better future. Here, we have the ability to learn and grow at the speed of technology, and the space to create within every role. Together, we are moving the world forward – and you can too. Dream it. Build it. Do it here. 
 Diversity and Inclusion at Verizon 
 At Verizon, we know that diversity makes us stronger. We are committed to a collaborative, inclusive environment that encourages authenticity and fosters a sense of belonging. We strive for everyone to feel valued, connected, and empowered to reach their potential and contribute their best. Check out our  diversity and inclusion  page to learn more. 
 ** 
 
 Equal Employment Opportunity 
 ** 
 We're proud to be an equal opportunity employer - and celebrate our employees' differences, including race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, disability, and Veteran status. Different makes us better. 
 
 
 
 Internal Number: 553412-1B 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 Connections working at  Verizon 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
