Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Operations Pharmacist - 18-month Contract (Maternity Leave) 
 Shoppers Drug Mart 
 __Mississauga, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
5700 Keaton Road, Mississauga, Ontario, L5R 3G3 
 At MediSystem Pharmacy, you can use your skills to do meaningful work that has a real impact, in an environment that promotes learning, growth and opportunity. Whether it's your first job or you're ready for a new challenge, MediSystem Pharmacy can turn your potential into performance that is recognized and rewarded. We offer competitive pay, full benefits, and a work-life balance. 
 Why this role is important? 
 About the Role: 
To ensure all prescriptions are dispensed in accordance with provincial regulations and company policies (professional / legal requirements) in order to provide the highest quality pharmaceutical care. 
 What You'll Do 
 
 Comply with all company policies and operating procedures (regulatory/legal requirements) to enable pharmacists to deliver high-level pharmaceutical care. 
 Advise and supervise dispensary staff as required. 
 Assist in achieving financial objectives for the company. 
 Present a professional image and provide friendly customer service to foster relationship building with our clients. 
 Practice pharmacy within the College's Scope of Practice and guidelines for providing pharmaceutical care. 
 Ensure that narcotics are properly received and recorded at the dispensary. Participate in cycle counting and reconciling of inventory as necessary. 
 Ensure current and accurate patient profiles for all patients are maintained. 
 Perform technical, therapeutic and electronic MAR checks of all medication entries, ensuring detailed documentation in paperless Kroll meets standard of practice in accordance with professional / legal requirements. 
 Provide, document, and bill all pharmaceutical interventions/opinions/services as appropriate. 
 Minimize medication incidents according to company policies and procedures. 
 In the event of a medication incident follow protocol for reporting and resolving. 
 Participate in continuous learning activities and share relevant learnings with other staff 
 Document patient counseling in Kroll for all prescriptions as required by provincial regulations. 
 Assist in ensuring timely and accurate completion of third party processing, billing, re-submissions, and reporting. 
 Protect patient privacy and confidentiality in accordance with regulations. 
 Comply with all federal and provincial pharmacy regulations. 
 
 What You'll Need 
 Required: 
 
 Must be licensed in Part A of the Ontario College of Pharmacists register and in good standing 
 Must be available to cover on-call services after hours on a scheduled rotational basis as required 
 A high degree of accuracy and attention to detail 
 Exemplary verbal and written communication skills 
 Superior interpersonal skills, with a commitment to provide exceptional customer service 
 Highly organized, takes initiative, and has excellent problem solving and decision-making skil 
 
 Preferred: 
 
 Minimum of two years of experience as a Pharmacist in a long-term care, retail, and/or hospital pharmacy setting. 
 
 Employment Type: 
Full time 
 Type of Role: 
Temporary with Benefits (Fixed Term) 
 Shoppers Drug Mart Inc. recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Please Note:  If you have Employee Self Service (ESS) on Workday, apply to this job via the Workday application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
