  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Worcester, England 
 Rate:  Up to £10.55 per hour 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 Initial Screening and Contact Officer 
 Initial Screening and Contact Officer needed for Worcestershire County Council, £10.55 ltd an hour 
 Start Date- ASAP 
Contract End date- 3 months initially 
Hours per week - 35 hours 
Pay rate - £10.55 ltd an hour 
Team - Early Help Family Support 
Location - Worcester 
 Description 
, To work as part of the team in maintaining the central point of contact for members of the public and professionals referring to Early Help Family Support. 
 Assist professionals and families in enquiries around wider services for children and their families via, signposting. 
 Support the team in screening and inputting information onto Early Help electronic systems. 
, Provide advice and/or sign posting to members of the public and professionals of support services 
, To take the lead on the awaiting allocation process and keep Team Leaders updated daily and weekly. 
, To provide support at multi-agency meetings e.g. 
 triage meetings which considers highly sensitive information 
 What is required? 
, Have excellent and proven customer service experience that evidences the ability to recognise individual needs 
, Have considerable experience of providing quality assured advice and guidance to members of the public and professionals on a range of sensitive and complex matters with tact and diplomacy 
, Have considerable experience of assessing and analysing initial information and identifying levels of risk. 
 Need 
, Experience of working within a multi-disciplinary team 
, Relevant experience of working in a children and families setting 
, Experience of handling highly confidential and sensitive information 
, Relevant qualification at NVQ Level 3 or equivalent 
, Experience of managing highly sensitive and confidential information 
 If you are interested please call Jemma Molloy on 01772 208964 or email me your CV - jemma.molloy@servicecare.org.uk 
 If this role isn't right for you, but you know someone who would fit perfectly to our engaged and devoted team and you refer them, you will receive a referral bonus of £250. 
 The benefits of working with SCS; 
, A specialist, dedicated Social Work consultant offering single point of contact 
, Exceptional referral bonuses - £250 per referral placed in to work! 
, An extensive & exclusive range of Social Work vacancies across the UK 
, Nationwide provider Social Work staff to over 200 local authorities. 
 , Payroll service twice a week. 
 , Ltd and PAYE payment options available. 
 , Annual training budget of up to £250 and continued online CPD training. 
 , Excellent Annual Loyalty schemes / bonuses. 
 , DBS disclosures provided via fast track online services free of charge. 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  3 months 
 
 
 Rate:  Up to £10.55 per hour 
 
 
 Location:  Worcester, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Secreterial 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208964 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-11-26 23:40:02 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Adults Social Worker, Modern Slavery and Forced Marriage 
 Adults Social Worker, Safeguarding, Tower Hamlets 
 Estates Surveyor 
 Care Assistant 
 Maintenance Surveyor 
 Social Worker, Discharge to Assess, Lewisham 
 Building Surveyor 
 Social Worker, SGO and Connected Carers, Southwark 
 Gas Engineer Domestic 
 Social Worker, Safeguarding and Family Support, Southwark 
 Adults Social Worker, Physical Disabilities, Ealing 
 Senior Social Worker, Court Team, Home working 
 Qualified Visual Impairment Officer, Kensington and Chelsea 
 Senior CP / CIN Social Worker, Lewisham 
 Team Manager, Early Help, Working from home 
 Child Protection Advisor 
 Administrator 
 Family Support Worker 
 Senior Practitioner - Safeguarding and Support 
 Adult Social Care Debt Management Project Lead 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
