shauncn512659 Context & Narrative 
 
 Menu Skip to content 
 
 Link to The Art of Photography 
 Link to Setting the Scene Blog 
 Link to Photography II - Landscape 
 Research and Reflection 
 
 Notes 
 Reflections 
 Research 
 Exhibitions 
 Courses 
 Books 
 
 
 Part One - The Photograph as document 
 
 Project 1 - Eyewitness 
 Project 2 - Photojounalism 
 Project 3 - Reportage 
 Project 4 - The gallery wall - documentary as art 
 Project 5 - The manipulated image 
 
 
 Part Two - Narrative 
 
 Project 1 - Telling a story 
 Project 2 - Image and text 
 Project 3 - Photographing the unseen 
 
 
 Part Three - Putting yourself in the picture 
 
 Project 1 - Autobiographical self-portraiture 
 Project 2 - Masquerades 
 Project 3 - Self-absented portraiture 
 
 
 Part Four - Reading photographs 
 
 Project 1 - The language of photography 
 Project 2 - Reading pictures 
 
 
 Part Five - Constructed realities and the fabricated image 
 
 Project 1 - Setting the scene 
 Project 2 - The archive 
 
 
 Formal Assessment 
 
 Assignment I 
 Assignment II 
 Assignment III 
 Assignment IV 
 Assignment V 
 Reflections on Assessment report 
 
 
 Assignments 
 
 Assignment One 
 
 Assignment One 
 Working Log for A1 
 A1 Reflections & Tutor Report 
 
 
 Assignment Two 
 
 Assignment Two 
 Working Log for A2 
 A2 Reflections & Tutor Report 
 
 
 Assignment Three 
 
 Assignment Three 
 Working Log A3 
 A3 Reflections & Tutor Report 
 
 
 Assignment Four 
 
 Assignment Four 
 Working Log A4 
 A4 Reflections & Tutor Report 
 
 
 Assignment Five 
 
 Assignment Five 
 Working Log A5 
 A5 Reflections & Tutor Report 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tag Archives: Jobey 
 Singular Images, Essays on Remarkable Photographs. 
 Leave a reply 
 I have just finished this book, 'Singular Images Essays on Remarkable Photographs, edited by Sophie Howarth. I have read this book to help prepare myself for my assignment which is to write an essay on a photograph. 
 I enjoyed this book and I found it very interesting describing how the photographs were made, the context and connotations. 
 This book has has following essays: 
 Latticed Window (with the camera obscura) August 1835- William Fox-Talbot by Geoffrey Batchen 
 Chimney Sweeps Walking 1852 - Charles Negre by Mary Warner Marien 
 Iago, Study from an Italian 1867 - Julia Margaret-Cameron by Roger Hargreaves 
 Dust Breeding 1920 - Man Ray and Marcel Duchamp by David Campany 
 A Snicket, Halifax 1937 - Bill Brandt by Nigel Warburton 
 A young Brooklyn family going for a Sunday outing N.Y.C. 1966 - Diane Arbus by Liz Jobey 
 Jubilee Street Party, Elland, Yorksire 1977 - Martin Parr by Val Williams 
 The Hug, New York City 1980 - Nan Goldin by Darsie Alexander 
 Aegean Sea, Pilion 1990 - Hiroshi Sugimoto by Dominic Willsdon 
 San Zaccaria, Venice 1995 - Thomas Struth by Sophie Howarth 
 A view from an apartment 2004-5 - Jeff Wall by Sheena Wagstaff 
 I would recommend this book and I found it a good and easy read. 
 This entry was posted in  Books  and tagged  Aegean ,  Alexander ,  Arbus ,  assignment ,  Batchen ,  book ,  Brandt ,  Brooklyn ,  camera ,  Campany ,  connotations ,  Context ,  Duchamp ,  Elland ,  essay ,  Fox-Talbot ,  Goldin ,  Halifax ,  Hargreaves ,  Howarth ,  Hug ,  Jobey ,  Jubilee ,  Man Ray ,  Margaret-Cameron ,  Marien ,  Negre ,  obscura ,  Parr ,  Pilion ,  Snicket ,  Struth ,  Sugimoto ,  Venice ,  Wagstaff ,  Wall ,  Warburton ,  Williams ,  Willsdon ,  Yorkshire ,  Zaccaria  on  July 27, 2016  by  shauncn512659 . 
 Research Point - A young Brooklyn family going for a Sunday outing by Diane Arbus 
 Leave a reply 
 
 A young Brooklyn family going for a Sunday outing, N.Y.C. 1966 photographed by  Diane Arbus . This image brings back memories of my childhood, as my Uncle and Aunt looked similar to this when I was just a toddler. My Uncle had that Teddy-boy look of the 60's and my Aunt had her hair in this style which must have been very common at that time on both sides of the Atlantic (I believe that it was known as the Beehive). The image clearly suggests an awkwardness in the attitude of the husband and wife, neither appear relaxed or very cheerful. The wife appears distant and unhappy whilst the husband is trying to make more of an effort; but there appears to be a mix of friendliness and sadness in his eyes whilst his mouth suggests a faint smile. Perhaps they have argued, perhaps the husband likes the photographer Diane Arbus and his wife is aware of it. Perhaps his young wife feels trapped, her life over before it really began torn by her youth and her duty and love as a mother of two young children, one of which is disabled and likely to be quit a handful on top of that of the baby. The baby appears fairly quite and happy whilst the boy may be sensing his parents mood as he gives the appearance of acting and looking confused and restless. I note that the mother has clearly spent time on her appearance with her cloths, hair, make-up and eye-brows. Is this for the benefit of the camera, herself or for the trip out? 
 This picture is the subject of an essay by Liz Jobey and was published in Singular Images, Essays on Remarkable Photographs. Edited by Sophie Howarth and published by Tate Publishing. (This book is currently out-of-print and I obtained a copy second-hand through Amazon. 
 According to Jobey's essay this photo was taken on a Sunday in 1966 and the parents were taking their children out for the day. Arbus had got to know this young N.Y. Brooklyn family and had visited then at their apartment and took some photos there as well as this one. their names were Richard and Marylin Daurin, Richard was an immigrant from Italy working as a car mechanic he met his wife in high school and Marylin was still only 16 when they were married. They had three children, the two in the picture is Richard Jnr. and Dawn. Marylin was 23 when this photo was taken and she told Arbus that she was often mistaken for Elizabeth Taylor (which I suspect she encouraged by her choice of hair and make-up). This image was first published in a special family issue of the British 'Sunday Times' titled 'The American families' with photos of the Daurin's in the Bronx juxtaposed against the life-style of a wealthy Westchester couple. 
 When Arbus sent this photo to Peter Crookston the magazine's deputy editor for the Sunday Times supplement she of Richard and Marylin, "They were undeniably close in a painful sort of way." However, Crookston re-wrote this for the caption as, "Richard Jnr. is mentally retarded and the family is close in a painful sort of way." Arbus later wrote a letter to Crookston complaining about his miss-quotation. 
 Arbus, by her own admission had a way with charming people in to posing for her and she became famous for seeking out people of the fringes of society and taking their portraits. These people whom many would derogatory call freaks would be mentally ill down and outs, dwarfs, transsexuals, etc. Sadly Arbus committed suicide in 1971. 
 This entry was posted in  Part Four ,  Reflection ,  Research ,  Research and Reflections  and tagged  1966 ,  1971 ,  acting ,  admission ,  Amazon ,  apartment ,  appearance ,  Arbus ,  argued ,  Atlantic ,  attitude ,  Aunt ,  awkwardness ,  baby ,  Beehive ,  Bronx ,  Brooklyn ,  camera ,  caption ,  charming ,  cheerful ,  childhood ,  children ,  cloths ,  complaining ,  confused ,  copy ,  Crookston ,  Daurin ,  derogatory ,  disabled ,  distant ,  duty ,  dwarfs ,  E-Bay ,  essay ,  eye-brows ,  eyes ,  faint ,  family ,  famous ,  freaks ,  friendliness ,  hair ,  Howarth ,  husband ,  image ,  Jobey ,  juxstaposed ,  library ,  life-style ,  looking ,  loss ,  love ,  lucky ,  magazine ,  make-up ,  miss-quotation ,  mix ,  mood ,  mouth ,  N.Y. ,  obtained ,  out-of-print ,  parents ,  picture ,  portrait ,  portraits ,  posing ,  public ,  published ,  re-wrote ,  relaxed ,  restless ,  sad ,  sadness ,  second-hand ,  sense ,  smile ,  suicide ,  Sunday ,  Tate ,  Taylor ,  teddy-boy ,  Time ,  toddler ,  torn ,  transsexuals ,  trapped ,  Uncle ,  unhappy ,  wealthy ,  Westchester ,  wife ,  wrote ,  young  on  July 27, 2016  by  shauncn512659 . 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 The Nude, Conceptual Approaches to Fine Art Photography 
 The Adobe Lightroom CC / Lightroom 6 
 The result of my final Assessment. 
 About Looking by John Berger 
 The Burden of Representaion, Essays on Photographies Histories by John Tagg 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 shauncn512659  on  Tutor's feedback for Ass… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Holly Woodward  on  Tutor's feedback for Ass… 
 
 
 Mum on  Project 2, Exercise -… 
 
 
 
 Mum on  Assignment One - Two sid… 
 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 January 2019 
 February 2018 
 April 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 
 Categories 
 
 Assignment One 
 
 A1 Relections & Tutor Report 
 Assignment 1 
 Working Log A1 
 
 
 Assignment Two 
 
 A2 Reflections & Tutor Report 
 Assignment 2 
 Working Log A2 
 
 
 Assignments 
 
 Assignment Five 
 
 A5 Reflections & Tutor Report 
 Assignment 5 
 Working Log A5 
 
 
 Assignment Four 
 
 A4 Reflections & Tutor Report 
 Assignment 4 
 Working Log A4 
 
 
 Assignment Three 
 
 A3 Reflections & Tutor Report 
 Assignment 3 
 Working Log A3 
 
 
 
 
 Coursework 
 
 Part One 
 
 Project 1 Eyewitness? 
 Project 2 Photojournalism 
 Project 3 Reportage 
 Project 4 The Gallery Wall - documentary as art 
 
 
 
 
 Formal Assessment 
 
 Assessment I 
 Assessment II 
 Assessment III 
 Assessment IV 
 Assessment V 
 Reflections of Formal Assessment Report 
 
 
 Part Five 
 
 Project 1 Setting the scene 
 Project 2 The archive 
 
 
 Part Four 
 
 Project 1 The language of photography 
 Project 2 Reading pictures 
 
 
 Part three 
 
 Project 2 Masquerades 
 Project 3 Self-absented portaiture 
 
 
 Part Two 
 
 Project 1 Telling a story 
 Project 2 Image and text 
 Project 3 Photographing the unseen 
 
 
 Project 1 Autobiographical self-portraiture 
 Project 5 The Manipulated Image 
 Research 
 Research and Reflections 
 
 Books 
 courses 
 Exhibitions 
 Notes 
 Reflection 
 
 
 Uncategorized 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
