  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
 Java 
 
 Java Freelance Jobs From Brazil 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Find the best freelance  Java Developers  from  Brazil 
 ](https://www.workana.com/freelancers/brazil/java) 
 4 days ago 
 Build a backend (service based architecture) to a pay per use elect... 
 Published: 4 days ago  Bids: 13 
 I need a backend (could be implemented on Python, Java) to provide the basic functionality of the service provider: 
A. Charger registration/search 
A1. Register charging station 
A2. 
Given a coordinate, provide the closest charging stations 
A3. List all charging stations 
A4. Charging station status (details, last collected data) 
A5. 
Add a review to a charger 
B. User management 
B1. New user registration 
B2. 
Add vehicle to a USER 
B3 Add charging to a USER 
B4. Invite freinds 
C. Backoffice management 
C1. 
Get status of all chargers 
C2. LIst all chargers and its status 
D. Charger use 
D1. 
Reserve a charger for a period of time 
D2. Pay per use: given a charger, charge a payment gateway (to be defined) for given amount of time 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new custom site 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have an idea 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Payment Processor (Paypal, Stripe, etc.) 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  C. R. Brazil 
 USD 1,000 - 3,000 
 2 weeks ago 
 Lead Software Developer 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 6 
 To apply for this job you must prove that you're capable of proof english fluency. All tests and conversations will be done in english. Only apply if you can fulfil this requirement. 
 We believe in our company, our solution, our team and ourselves and we welcome talented individuals to come and be part of it. 
 We are looking for experienced software engineers to join our agile team and contribute to our exciting and innovative products. The person we are looking for will be a highly motivated, high-achieving engineer with exceptional technical skills and a focus on the team. We want someone who is ambitious, enthusiastic, and takes ownership. 
The successful candidate will contribute to the development of our products, focused on our Java based hospitality API and integrations. 
 This is a great opportunity to be part of a small successful engineering team where you can influence the future direction of our product lifecycle, from development best practice to deployment technologies. 
 We are a truly agile team with no siloed roles and we succeed together. You will be a cross functional development team member excited to take on everything needed to deliver outstanding solutions. This could be building our front-end, server, optimising our database, writing automated test frameworks, or scaling our distribution. 
 Principal Responsibilities 
 Take on all development tasks to create high quality, intuitive and easy-to-use applications 
Teach and lead by example, mentoring both junior and senior engineers 
Design and implement new features in our existing applications 
Integrate our backend with new APIs 
Optimise applications for performance, scalability, and maintainability 
Promote high standards of design patterns and coding best practices 
Peer review code and perform all levels of testing 
Stayup-to-date on emerging technologies 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : Full time 
 API Integrations  : Payment Processor (Paypal, Stripe, etc.), Cloud Storage (Dropbox, Google Drive, etc.), Other (Other APIs), Social media (Facebook, Twitter, etc.) 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  C. C. P. R. Brazil 
 Over USD 40 / hour 
 2 weeks ago 
 Full Stack Developer Developer 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Bids: 8 
 Take on development tasks as required during the duration of the contract. This will include: 
 - Design and implement new features in our existing applications 
- Integrate our backend with new APIs 
- Optimise applications for performance, scalability, and maintainability 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  C. C. P. R. Brazil 
 USD 500 - 1,000 
 Last month 
 Specific Fixing on a Learning Press Plataform 
 Published: Last month  Deadline: 5 Bids: 9 
 We are looking for someone to work on two specific things on our platform; 
 - "New User" subscription E-mail 
We need a personalized e-mail for our New Users. When we add a new user to the platform a very basic e-mail is sent (to the user) communicating the creeation of the profile. We need a personalized e-mail to improve our UX on the plataform. 
 Best Regards, we also want to change the sender address so our "New User" e-mails won't arrive at the customer's spam box. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Desktop apps 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Small change or bug 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : Not applicable 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Required platforms  : Windows 
 Published by:  S. F. P. Last reply: Last month  Brazil 
 USD 100 - 250 
 4 months ago 
 Game Bot 
 Published: 4 months ago  Bids: 3 
 I need a fishing bot in an mmo rpg game, which makes some movements not so difficult to program, i will go into more details after contact. Thank you 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Desktop apps 
 Published by:  M. A. C. Brazil 
 Less than USD 50 
 5 months ago 
 App that records the exact start time of an audio recording using t... 
 Published: 5 months ago  Deadline: 6 Bids: 1 
 I need an APP that records the exact start time of an audio recording. This exact time must come from the GPS system (location). There must be a thread so that there is no interference from anywhere in the application. 
The code must be in JAVA. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Apps programming. Android, iOS and others 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Small change or bug 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Required platforms  : Android 
 I need to  : Create an app 
 App type  : Utility - Utility application (flash, calculator, etc.) 
 Back-end is required  : Yes 
 Payment gateway  : No 
 Published by:  B. T. S. A. Brazil 
 Less than USD 50 
 5 months ago 
 Help Nimo Tv 
 Published: 5 months ago  Bids: 0 
 Need a program that is able to connect to  Nimo.tv's  webpage, and be seen as a 'vie15we15r', no need to chat or anything. 
 Website uses websockets to keep connections alive for vi15ew15s. 
 If possible to get a UI that allows me to type in the username of the account the b15ot15s are connecting too. 
 If possible to add proxies via an .txt file. 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Logo design 
 What do you need?  : Create a new logo from a sketch 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Logo type  : Font-based (A text-based logo with the name of the company) 
 Published by:  H. R. Brazil 
 USD 50 - 100 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
