
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Hot Damn! it's a Freelance job 
 Fabric is looking for a Freelance Product Design Lead in Brooklyn, NY, USA. 
 About 
 Fabric is looking for a pragmatic, user-centric design leader to join our Growth team. This job is for you if you are a natural problem solver, able to bring clarity to complexity. 
 In this role you will: 
- Champion design and advocate for our user’s experience at all levels of the organization and up to the executive level 
- Own, scale and further develop our design system to push boundaries and deliver engaging and delightful user experiences 
- Partner with product stakeholders and insights counterparts to identify problems and opportunities and develop hypotheses to test, learn and iterate 
- Bring clarity to complex problems delivering holistic design solutions 
- Develop a deep understanding of our users, anticipating their needs every step of the way. 
- Craft elegant design solutions that help the team achieve business goals. 
- Partner with product stakeholders to ensure that UX solutions are accurately developed 
 To be successful in this role, you’ll need: 
- 10+ years' experience as a key member of a design team with successfully launched products 
- Demonstrated experience improving conversion across various stages of the funnel 
- Extraordinary user-centered design skills - you are detail-oriented and have a deep understanding of design fundamentals and fluent in Figma 
- Strategic thinking that can inspire the team to build innovative solutions. 
- Excellent communication and collaboration skills. You can clearly articulate your design vision to stakeholders and influence multi-disciplinary teams and partners across the organization 
- Ability to work in an agile, dynamic work environment with a start-up mentality (comfortable with risk and self-managing) 
 You are a self-starter and a critical thinker able to break down complex problems into manageable tasks to deliver holistic design solutions. 
 This opening could become a full-time job for the right candidate 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7973-fabric-product-design-lead  
 On-site required? 
 No 
 Experience 
 10+ years 
 Skills 
 Figma 
 Date Posted 
 January 13, 2021 
 Managed By 
 Cristina Vasquez 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
