Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Manager, Regulatory Affairs - Canada 
 Canopy Growth Corporation 
 __Smiths Falls, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Ottawa, ON, Canada ● Smiths Falls, ON, Canada ● Virtual Req #3285 
Friday, November 13, 2020 
 The Company 
 At Canopy Growth, our mission is clear:  improve lives, end cannabis prohibition, and strengthen communities. We believe that cannabis can be a force for good. We’re building a consumer-centric organization that is focused on sharing the transformational potential of cannabis with the world. We will achieve this through an innovative and disruptive portfolio of cannabis and hemp-derived products. 
 With millions of square feet of licensed production capacity and operations spanning four continents, Canopy Growth is the world's leading cannabis and hemp company. We recognize that employees are at the core of our success, and we take pride in a corporate culture that emphasizes inclusiveness, collaboration, and diversity. 
 Our employees come from a wide range of backgrounds, each bringing their own unique skills and talents to the table, working together to continue our incredible momentum of growth. If you are interested in building global challenger brands, scaling a business, and working in a values-driven environment, we want to hear from you! 
 The Opportunity 
 The Manager, Regulatory Affairs – Canada is a member of the Canadian Regulatory Affairs leadership team. Reporting directly to the Director, Regulatory Affairs – Canada and working alongside the other Regulatory Affairs Manager, this individual will ensure compliance with the Act and Regulations for all sites and products sold in Canada. Canopy Growth sells cannabis, NHPs, foods, and cosmetics in Canada, so prior regulatory experience in these areas is an asset. Our company is also involved in research and clinical trials, so experience in product and drug development is also an asset. As part of the Regulatory Affairs leadership team, they will help as a mentor to the Regulatory Affairs Associates on the team and assist with more complex or novel regulatory analyses or issues. 
 Responsibilities 
 Ensuring products comply with the Canadian Acts, Regulations, and associated policies within the federal and provincial government 
Stay current with Regulatory changes happening in Canada and within the provinces 
Oversee and manage regulatory inspections, product transfers, HC security clearance holders, security incidents, loss/thefts, adverse reactions, product destruction, and non-conformances 
Liaison with regulatory officials, preparation of regulatory submissions, and coordination of responses to Health Canada 
Responsible for managing Regulatory Affairs Associate(s), and mentoring other members of the team 
Review of product labels and advertising 
Produce and/or manage the yearly, quarterly, monthly and other inventory control related reports as required by the Cannabis Regulations 
Prepare and/or review product licence applications and site licence applications for NHPs, as requested 
Review Standard Operating Procedures, Product Specifications, Test Specifications, NCs and CAPAs as requested for compliance with the applicable Act and Regulations 
Responsible for management of site-specific document control functions 
Complete regulatory analyses for complex regulatory issues to support the business. 
May be requested to assist with international regulatory functions, on an as requested basis 
Other duties, as assigned 
 Experience 
 B.Sc./M.Sc. degree in Biological/Life Sciences/Bioengineering (Pharmacology, Molecular Biology, Biology, Chemistry) or extensive experience and related training 
Post-Graduate Regulatory Certification or RAC preferred 
Minimum 7-10 years direct regulatory experience with Health Canada 
Knowledge and experience working with the Act and Regulations in Canada that impact cannabis, natural health products, and foods. Preference will be given to candidates with previous experience working with the Cannabis Regulations or Access to Cannabis for Medical Purposes Regulations 
Experience working with an electronic quality management system in a GMP environment would be considered an asset 
 Other Details 
 This is a 20-month contract role based out of Smiths Falls, Ontario or remote. 
 We appreciate the interest from all candidates, and promise to review all applications, but we will only be contacting those who best fit the requirements. If you don’t hear from us, don’t fret; every resume we get is kept in our database for six months for consideration in future searches for talent. 
 Canopy Growth welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. 
 Accommodations are available upon request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. 
 One last note:  the chosen applicant will be required to successfully complete background and reference checks. 
 Thank you so much for your interest in Canopy Growth. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
