Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Vice-President (University Advancement) 
 Western University 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Classification & Regular Hours 
 Salary:  Commensurate with experience 
 About Western 
 Western’s vision is to be a destination of choice for the world’s brightest minds seeking the best learning experience at a leading Canadian research university. The University consists of 12 Faculties/Schools and three affiliated university colleges, which collectively offer more than 400 undergraduate program specializations and more than 50 Doctoral and 80 Master’s degree programs. As one of Canada’s top research universities, Western is recognized for its world-class expertise in a number of areas ranging from cognitive neuroscience, imaging, and musculoskeletal health, to child & youth development, wind engineering & natural disaster mitigation, planetary science & exploration, and the philosophy of science, among many others. The University has several departments ranked among the world’s top-50 and top-100. 
 Responsibilities 
 Western now invites applications and nominations for the position of Vice-President, University Advancement. 
 Reporting to the President & Vice-Chancellor, the Vice-President, University Advancement is responsible for overseeing the planning, design, implementation, assessment and administration of the University's development activities and contributing to an overall program which enhances Western’s reputation as both an international academic leader and a good citizen in local, provincial, national and international constituencies. 
 The Vice-President leads three functional areas:  Advancement Operations, Alumni Relations & Development, and Principal Gifts. Working with both centralized and decentralized teams, the Vice-President ensures these teams work with faculties and divisions across campus to strengthen and protect Western’s reputation for excellence in teaching, research and scholarship; support the best student experience; generate resources in support of institutional priorities; and engage alumni to strengthen the alumni network and build on their contributions to Western. The Vice-President serves as an ex officio member of the University Senate. 
 As the ideal candidate, you are a respected executive, known for your strategic, visionary, and innovative approach. As a high-integrity leader, you build a team culture that is collaborative, agile, responsive, empowering and supportive of equity, diversity, and inclusion. Experience with alumni and other stakeholder engagement activities and programs that range from traditional events to innovative partnerships and engagement opportunities is required. Your professional or voluntary fundraising experience includes direct involvement with transformative gifts. You understand the important role of data in Advancement Operations, Alumni Relations & Development, and Principal 
Gifts. You will be adept at supporting Western’s comprehensive research and data management operations. You have an appreciation of academic culture and the ability to collaborate effectively and respectfully with academics and researchers, and you have a deep commitment to ensuring philanthropy contributes to Western’s teaching and research mission—including an outstanding experience for its students. You have strong financial management skills, including knowledge of investment policies, CRA requirements, and fiduciary matters. Experience with decentralized staffing models, management of high-level volunteers, and campaign cabinet volunteer recruitment are all considered strong assets. Candidates must hold an undergraduate degree and have substantial senior leadership experience. 
 To learn more about this opportunity at Western, please submit a comprehensive resume along with a cover letter in confidence to Jane Griffith (jane@leadersinternational.com) and Pierina Maniffi-Stokes (pierina@leadersinternational.com). 
 Western Values Diversity 
 The University invites applications from all qualified individuals. Western is committed to employment equity and diversity in the workplace and welcomes applications from women, members of racialized groups/visible minorities, Aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, persons of any sexual orientation, and persons of any gender identity or gender expression. 
 Accommodations are available for applicants with disabilities throughout the recruitment process. If you require accommodations for interviews or other meetings, please contact Human Resources at hrhelp@uwo.ca or phone 519-661-2194. 
 Please Note: 
We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those chosen for an interview will be acknowledged. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
