Your Talent Advantage 
 Let Your Talent Advantage help you discover your natural strengths – the keys to success in every aspect of your life! 
 Skip to content 
 
 Blog Home 
 Your Talent Advantage Site 
 Practical Uses 
 About 
 Samples / Gifts 
 
 Category Archives: Career 
 <- Older posts 
 The Value of Conversation 
 Posted on  September 25, 2016  by  Lynda-Ross Vega 
 "These people are just making it so difficult" said my friend. We met for coffee last week just to catch up and as she was telling me about some challenges she was facing at work. "Everyone wants a voice, everyone wants …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  Career ,  Communication ,  Teamwork  | Tagged  building effective teams ,  effective communication ,  effective teamwork ,  teamwork challenges ,  teamwork communication  |  Leave a comment 
 Loyalty to the Ladder of Success 
 Posted on  March 5, 2016  by  Gary M. Jordan Ph.D. 
 In the 50s, 60s, and at least the early 70s the concept of finding a good job with a good company and having a career in which you worked your way up the corporate ladder was a mainstay of the …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  Career ,  Loyality ,  Talents  | Tagged  corporate careers ,  employee loyalty ,  employer loyalty ,  Hiroo Onoda ,  job loyalty  |  Leave a comment 
 Gary Dreams of Meaning and Satisfaction 
 Posted on  January 28, 2016  by  Gary M. Jordan Ph.D. 
 When I was quite young I had the usual answers to that oft asked question, “What are you going to be when you grow up.” Since my father was a physician, I often as not answered “Doctor” rather than “Fireman” …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  Career ,  Parenting ,  Talents  | Tagged  career path ,  career satisfaction ,  career success ,  Confucius ,  Jiro Ono ,  meaning in work ,  monetary success ,  Natural Skills ,  Natural Talents  |  Leave a comment 
 Forget Scheduling Success 
 Posted on  December 10, 2015  by  Gary M. Jordan Ph.D. 
 I just finished reading the book What Alice Forgot by Laine Moriarty. It is a very good read and I recommend it to you all. This is the second book I have read by Ms. Moriarty (The Husband’s Secret), and …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  Career ,  Talents  | Tagged  helicopter moms ,  how to be successful ,  key success factors ,  key to success ,  orchestrating success ,  what is success  |  Leave a comment 
 How to Develop Excellence in Your Children 
 Posted on  November 5, 2015  by  Gary M. Jordan Ph.D. 
 Periodically I run across an article in the newspaper or a magazine lamenting the state of education in the United States and how we are falling behind other countries in math, science, engineering, etc. The articles usually go on to …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  Career ,  Education ,  Natural Skills ,  Talents  | Tagged  developing excellence ,  educational system ,  failure of no child left behind ,  Natural Skills ,  Skills ,  Talents  |  Leave a comment 
 Some Things Never Change 
 Posted on  July 16, 2013  by  Ricardo Vega 
 This month I’ve been invited to attend multiple High School graduations (I must brag on the son of a cousin who became the Valedictorian of a graduating class of 125…Congratulations Diego!). During these ceremonies it became apparent to me that …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  Career ,  Development ,  Strengths ,  Talents  | Tagged  career assessment ,  coaching tool ,  entrepreneur skills assessment ,  Job assessment ,  leadership strengths  |  Leave a comment 
 Nice Job If You Can Get It 
 Posted on  June 18, 2013  by  Gary M. Jordan Ph.D. 
 Whenever I tell people that I own my own business, work out of my home, and set my own hours, I inevitably get some variation of “Must be nice!” as a response. Actually, it is, but I don’t think what …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  Career ,  Natural Skills  | Tagged  building a life ,  Career ,  Dumbing Us Down ,  Jobs Satisfaction ,  Making a Living ,  Meaning and Purpose ,  natural strengths  |  Leave a comment 
 What’s the Guarantee? 
 Posted on  May 28, 2013  by  Gary M. Jordan Ph.D. 
 Recently a friend of mine made a referral of a woman whose daughter was having difficulty in college. The daughter was methodically decreasing her academic load, was not attending classes, and was not real interested in continuing. 
 Posted in  Career ,  Natural Skills ,  Strengths ,  Talents  | Tagged  Career choice ,  Career direction ,  Career Planning Guide ,  natural strengths  |  Leave a comment 
 The Time is Now: Claim Your Talent Advantage 
 Posted on  May 7, 2013  by  Gary M. Jordan Ph.D. 
 When I speak to groups about Talent Advantage I always begin by clearly defining everything the concept encompasses. Simply put, Your Talent Advantage is the idea that each of us is born with a unique set of natural skills. When we …  Continue reading -> 
 Posted in  Career ,  Natural Skills ,  Perceptual Style ,  Success ,  Talents  | Tagged  life success ,  Natural Skills ,  Natural Talents ,  perceptual style ,  Success ,  success in life ,  Talent Advantage  |  Leave a comment 
 Three Roadblocks to Living Your Talent Advantage 
 Posted on  April 16, 2013  by  Gary M. Jordan Ph.D. 
 Claiming your Talent Advantage and using it to Live Your Talents are more than theoretical concepts for me. I believe that Your Talent Advantage is not only your birthright, but the road to a more fulfilling and meaningful life. 
 Posted in  Career ,  Natural Skills ,  Strengths ,  Talent Advantage ,  Talents  | Tagged  Acquired Skills ,  innate skills ,  Live Your Talents ,  Natural Skills ,  Roadblocks to success ,  Your Talent Advantage  |  Leave a comment 
 <- Older posts 
 
 
     
 
 
 
   
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Yes, You Can Be Successful at Marketing 
 The Value of Conversation 
 The Extraordinary Ordinary 
 Loyalty to the Ladder of Success 
 Leadership Development – Mission Possible 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 Acquired Skills 
 Activity 
 Adjustments 
 Business Partners 
 Career 
 Celebration 
 Change 
 Coaches 
 Communication 
 Conflict 
 Development 
 Disagreements 
 Diversity 
 Education 
 Entrepreneurs 
 Flow 
 Goals 
 Leadership 
 Limitations 
 Listening 
 Loyality 
 Marketing 
 Methods 
 Natural Skills 
 Networking 
 Opportunities 
 Parenting 
 Partnerships 
 Perception 
 Perceptual Style 
 Perceptual Style Theory 
 Preference for Interaction 
 Productivity 
 Psychology 
 Relationships 
 Sales 
 Spotlight Style 
 Strengths 
 Success 
 Succession Planning 
 Talent Advantage 
 Talents 
 Team Building 
 Teamwork 
 Uncategorized 
 Vision 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 
 July 2011 
 June 2011 
 May 2011 
 April 2011 
 March 2011 
 February 2011 
 January 2011 
 December 2010 
 
 
 
 Tags 
 
 accepting limitations 
 Acquired Skills 
 business partnerships 
 Career 
 career coaching 
 Career inventories 
 career selection 
 Car Salesman 
 Change 
 Change Efforts 
 Change Leadership 
 Changing Roles 
 Claiming Skills 
 common goals 
 Communication 
 Conflict 
 Discovering Skills 
 dormant skills 
 effective leadership 
 Entrepreneurial Success 
 Entrepreneurs 
 General Election 
 Grandparenting 
 Grandparents 
 hidden talents 
 Holiday Season 
 Human Soul 
 Innate Talents 
 Inner Core 
 Inner Light 
 Leadership 
 leadership coaching 
 Leadership Development 
 Leadership Qualities 
 Leadership Roles 
 leadership skills 
 Listening 
 mutual benefit 
 My Talents 
 Natural Skills 
 natural strengths 
 Natural Talents 
 New Roles 
 opportunities 
 Organizational Structure 
 Parental Roles 
 partnership basis 
 partnership failure 
 partnerships 
 partnership value assumptions 
 Perception 
 perceptual style 
 perceptual styles 
 perceptual style theory 
 personal development 
 potential partners 
 Sales 
 self-discovery 
 shared commitment 
 Skills 
 Starting a Family 
 strength based coaching 
 Success 
 successful partnerships 
 Succession Planning 
 Succession Planning Issues 
 Succession Planning Process 
 Succession Planning Steps 
 Succession Plans 
 Talents 
 Team Building 
 value assumptions 
 vocational inventories 
 Working on the Road 
 Your Talent Advantage 
 
 
 
 
  Your Talent Advantage  
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
