This website uses cookies to ensure you get the best experience on our website.  We use our own and third party cookies on this site for various purposes such as giving you a more personalized experience and adapting advertising to your interests. You can manage or disable cookies by clicking on "Cookie Preferences". For more information about which cookies we use and how we use cookies, see our  Cookie Policy . 
 Cookie preferences  Accept all 
 Select which cookies you accept 
 You can learn more about the cookie categories on our  cookie policy page. 
 Strictly necessary  These cookies are required and must be accepted to use this site.   Vendors:  Teamtailor 
 Analytics  These cookies collect data about how visitors use this website.   Vendors:  Google 
 Preferences  These cookies allow the website to remember choices you make and provice enhanced, more personal features.   Vendors: 
 Marketing  These cookies are used to deliver adverts more relevant to you and your interests.   Vendors: 
 Accept these cookies 
 
 
 
 Career menu 
 
  Start  
  People  
  Jobs  
  Departments  
  Locations  
 
 Employee login   Log in   Visit our homepage  to-increase.com 
   
 Business Central Partner Sales Executive 
 Sales  *  Amstelveen 
  Apply for this job  
 Remind me later 
 [ Mail ](mailto:?subject=Check out this job at To-Increase&body=I found this job and thought I should share it with you:%0D%0A%0D%0Ahttps://www.workatto-increase.com/jobs/1043054-business-central-partner-sales-executive) 
 About Us 
 Our mission is simple: we want to help our customers solve complex business matters using easy digital solutions. We have passionate and technologically savvy people working here, we’re proud of the awards we have received, but the trust we get every day from our 2000+ customers means more than anything! 
 For Dynamics NAV / 365 Business Central we have an impressive portfolio of solutions for Industrial Equipment Manufacturing, Process Manufacturing as well as Horizontal Productivity solutions. We’re now searching for a new Partner Sales Executive to manage existing business and grow it to new heights. 
 What You'll Do 
 Our ideal PSS is an accomplished, high energy and driven NAV / Business Central sales professional with a proven track record. You ideally know the global NAV / Business Central ecosystem of partners and competitive positioning, with domain experience selling NAV / Business Central for Discrete and Process Manufacturing customers. 
 You’ll be responsible for managing our partner channel and winning new logos with partners. It’s important that you can balance partner relationship management with focused sales execution with a sense of urgency in winning deals. 
 You will 
 
 Own and deliver on revenue targets for your territory. 
 Be responsible for further development and management of the region by selling our solutions to customers via our network of partners as well as direct. 
 Be a trusted advisor for our partners and customers, thereby achieving optimal satisfaction and customer success. 
 Keep abreast of Microsoft pricing and manage our pricing, promotions, and proposals. 
 Develop and execute business plans with partners to promote solution champions and advocates resulting in demand. 
 Build a sustainable and robust pipeline and ensure CRM hygiene, accurate forecasting, and planning. 
 Support and leverage internal partnership with domain-driven marketing, hereunder develop playbooks, collateral, reference stories, and contribute to content creation. 
 Create compelling proposals grounded in business impacts with clear reasons to act. 
 Negotiate terms and contracts with successful close. 
 Participate in channel forums and events as solution evangelists. 
 
 What You Need to Be Successful (Minimum Qualifications) 
 
 3+ years of experience selling NAV / BC with consistently achieving/exceeding the YOY revenue quota required. 
 Entrepreneurial and capable of ownership of developing your business with our industry-leading solutions. 
 Understanding of the NAV / BC channel in the Netherlands, Belgium, and preferably beyond internationally. 
 Fluent in English (both spoken and written). 
 Excellent communication and presentation skills. 
 Self-starter and go-getter who can operate individually and is also a great team player. 
 Willingness to continuously improve & develop yourself, and your team. 
 Ability to engage and develop strong and trusting relationships with decision-makers/key influencers within our customer and partner communities. 
 Sales experience in Manufacturing (discrete/process) and/or Horizontal Productivity solutions. 
 Experience with Microsoft Dynamics VAR channel and the associated environment is a big plus. 
 
 Other Preferred Qualifications 
 
 Certifications and/or deep experience in business value sales methodologies 
 Experience in Assignment Selling or other digital selling philosophies 
 International Experience 
 Shrewd negotiator and deal maker 
 
 Why Work for Us 
 
 Great Company Culture. We have an informal, non-hierarchical, and people-oriented culture where your voice counts and you can be yourself. And we genuinely strive for a good work/life balance for everyone and you also have a lot of flexibility to organize the workdays that suit you. 
 Build your own career. You have the freedom to take on the challenges you want and thereby creating the career you feel is right for you. 
 International environment. You will work with colleagues from all our different offices, and with international customers, a network of partners, and Microsoft. 
 A fast-growing company with ambition. You will work for a leading ISV that is a Microsoft Gold Partner with premium industry solutions, where you will have ample opportunities to learn on the job and continuously grow & improve yourself. 
 
 TI by the Numbers 
 Here are a few key numbers that give you a snapshot of who we are. We would love to tell you more in person! 
 Come as you are 
 Your gender, religious beliefs, sexual orientation, skin color, or pink hair are part of who you are. To-Increase is an equal opportunity employer and we stand for equality and inclusion. If you’re a team player, an expert, and are ready to shine, we would love to welcome you to the team. 
  Apply for this job  
 Remind me later 
 Or, know someone who would be a perfect fit? Let them know! 
 [ Mail ](mailto:?subject=Check out this job at To-Increase&body=I found this job and thought I should share it with you:%0D%0A%0D%0Ahttps://www.workatto-increase.com/jobs/1043054-business-central-partner-sales-executive) 
 Department 
 
 [ 
 
 Sales 
 Meet our Sales & Marketing department! 
 ](https://www.workatto-increase.com/departments/sales-marketing) 
 Amstelveen 
 Stroombaan 6-8 
1181 VX Amstelveen   Directions   info@to-increase.com   +31 318 531 900   View page 
 Benefits 
 We think our workplace is amazing and together we work every day to make it even better for you and your colleagues. 
 We will give you: 
 
 An interesting job 
 
 Not just a job – but a career and role where you can make a real difference 
 
 An open company culture 
 
 To-Increase is a challenging, inspiring and dynamic business environment with an open and direct company culture 
 
 Great development opportunities 
 
 We are an ideal environment for improving your skills and expertise 
 
 A fantastic team 
 
 Enthusiastic colleagues that will make your day! 
 Positive environment... 
 Our people describe our culture as innovative. We are always aspiring to deliver the most creative solutions for our customers, therefore we value each other and that’s why everyone’s voice is heard. Of course we work hard, but we never forget to have fun with our team. We value a good atmosphere and mutual respect. To-Increase offers a positive environment with many avenues for professional development. 
 
 to-increase.com 
 Coworkers  160 
 Founded in  2005 
 Turnover  20.000.000 
 
 Career site 
 
 Start 
  Departments  
  Locations  
  People  
  Jobs  
 
 Departments 
 
 Customer Services 
 Development 
 Sales & Marketing 
 Administration 
 
 Users 
 
 Candidate login 
 Employee login 
 Data & privacy 
 
 Scroll to top 
 Already working at To-Increase? 
 Let’s recruit together and find your next colleague. 
 email 
 @to-increase.com 
 Log in 
 
   
 Applicant tracking system  by Teamtailor 
