Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Part-Time Teaching position – Continuing Education Instructor Positions – W. Galen Weston Centre for Food 
 Durham College 
 __Whitby, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Important note for part-time faculty applicants: 
Continuing Education Instructor recruitment for the W. Galen Weston Centre for Food is ongoing and is dependent on when courses are being taught and the need for faculty to teach. Con Ed instructors must be available for course offered Friday nights between 5-10 p.m., and Saturdays between 7:30 a.m. and 5:30 p.m., however some courses and opportunities are offered at different times. 
 Durham College is seeking experienced and motivated professionals who share our commitment to quality and student success. The W. Galen Weston Centre for Food requires part-time instructors to provide subject matter expertise in Culinary Courses for general audiences. 
 The responsibilities of Durham College Part-time Subject Matter Expert include, but are not limited to: 
Creating a positive learning environment to accommodate students’ diverse cultural and educational backgrounds, experiences and individual learning styles; 
Utilizing principles of adult education to actively engage students in the learning process; 
Effectively using educational technologies to support learning; 
Developing appropriate strategies and tools to assess student learning; 
Ensuring that course and program curriculum is current and relevant; 
Working independently and demonstrating initiative; and 
Working effectively with the associate dean and other CFF team members to plan and deliver courses. 
The ideal candidate will meet or exceed the following qualifications: 
A minimum of a two-year diploma in Culinary studies, along with an Ontario Food Handlers’ Certificate are required. 
A minimum of three years of recent and relevant work experience. 
Teaching experience at the post-secondary level with a demonstrated application of adult educational principles and teaching/assessment methodologies is an asset; 
Superior verbal and written communication and interpersonal skills, critical-thinking and problem-solving skills; 
Excellent organizational and time-management skills; 
Track record in meeting deadlines; 
Self-motivated and independent worker 
 Please apply below by submitting your cover letter and resume to the online portal. 
 Required Skills 
 Required Experience 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
