Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Store Manager 
 Dollarama L.P. 
 __Newmarket, ON 
 Apply Now 
 As a provider of essential everyday necessities, our Dollarama stores remain open and continue to recruit new members for our teams to provide a continued service to millions of Canadians during this COVID-19 pandemic. For your safety and that of our employees, we have implemented additional cleaning and disinfecting procedures in-store. 
 Location: Newmarket, ON 
 Are you ready for your next career opportunity? 
 If you are looking to manage with a highly visible, hands-on approach and provide the leadership and vision to fuel the growth of a successful Canadian business, then we are the right place for you! 
 Dollarama is looking for an experienced Store Manager whose key focus will be to manage and oversee the daily retail store operations which includes: day-to-day operations, merchandising activities, recruitment and training activities, working schedules and the inventory management. The Store Manager also ensures that the consistency of the store is in line with the company guidelines and best practices. 
 Why join our team? 
 
 
 Stimulating and diverse working environment; 
 
 
 Competitive compensation, bonus plan and benefits package; 
 
 
 Company matched pension plan; 
 
 
 Tailor-made training program and integration process; and 
 
 
 Opportunity to develop retail and management skills to build a retail career. 
 
 
 What you need to succeed? 
 
 
 Minimum of five (5) years’ experience in the retail industry; 
 
 
 Minimum of two (2) years’ experience in a management position in the retail industry; 
 
 
 Ability to work in a fast paced and high-volume environment; 
 
 
 Ability to efficiently organize time and manage priorities; 
 
 
 Flexible schedule (day, evening, week-end). 
 
 
 If you are excited by the opportunity to work for a growing Canadian company and to join a dynamic team, please apply online or at a store located near you. 
 We thank all interested applicants, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 **  WARNING **  : Dollarama will  never  ask you to send personal information such as your full name, address, date of birth or Social Insurance Number to us via email. Should you receive any job posting or information request asking you to complete a form or send personal information to someone claiming to be a Dollarama employee we encourage you to delete that message without replying. Requests such as the ones referenced here may be an attempt by someone outside of Dollarama to obtain your personal information for the purpose of identity theft. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Experience: 
 
 retail management: 2 years (Preferred) 
 retail: 5 years (Preferred) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
