Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Dispatcher 
 Island Temperature Controls Ltd. 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 JOB SUMMARY 
 We are looking for an individual with strong customer service skills to fill the role of Dispatcher. The Dispatcher will primarily be responsible for answering calls, recording information and dispatching technicians to site. The successful candidate will maintain a professional demeanor and communicate effectively with all stakeholders (customer, office and field technicians). 
 CORE SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS 
 
 High school diploma/GED required. 
 Knowledgeable of the various regions within the Capital Regional District. 
 Ability to remain calm, rational, and analytical despite periods of heavy workloads and time-sensitive service requests. 
 Ability to communicate effectively with all levels of the organization, internally and externally, in both verbal and written form. 
 Ability to prepare work free from errors and perform responsibilities in a thorough and independent manner. 
 Ability to see beyond present assignment and search for improved techniques, methods and processes to upgrade or facilitate work. 
 Excellent time management skills. 
 Previous experience in mechanical service, field service or construction environment is an asset. 
 Fluent with Microsoft Outlook, Word, Excel and Windows operating systems. 
 Demonstrated efficiency and accuracy with typing/word processing. 
 Demonstrate ability to develop and maintain long-term customer relationships. 
 
 REGULAR DUTIES   AND RESPONSIBILITIES 
 
 Handle customer calls, emails and complaints for service-related matters in a timely and professional manner, and aid where possible. 
 Develop and maintain accurate call records in service management software. 
 Determine and dispatch service technicians to ensure efficient resolution of technical problems while maintaining customer confidence and satisfaction. 
 Inform Service Manager/Supervisor of work progress, customer relations, field personnel relations, material administration and other matters affecting service operations. 
 Build rapport and productive working relationships with coworkers, customers, vendors, and other outside contacts. 
 Dispatch personnel and equipment in accordance with applicable contractual agreements. Display complete understanding of components of the standard contractual agreements including services provided and terms and conditions. 
 Audit service reports weekly in accordance with established procedures. 
 Follow up on outstanding work orders to determine status and report out to managers on periodic basis. 
 Develop, update & maintain process documentation in accordance with ISO standards 
 Invoicing as required 
 
 DEPARTMENT ASSIGNMENT AND COMPENSATION 
This full-time, hourly position is held within the Finance and Operations Department of the business. This job description is subject to change for personal growth, organizational development and/or evolution of new technologies. Initial compensation shall be negotiated based on applicant's experience. Regular compensation adjustments shall be a factor of performance, interpersonal attitude, customer satisfaction and displayed professional growth. A competitive benefits package is included following successful completion of probationary period. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Benefits: 
 
 Dental care 
 Extended health care 
 On-site parking 
 Vision care 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 Experience: 
 
 dispatching: 2 years (Required) 
 
 Location: 
 
 Victoria, BC (Required) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 Class 5 (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
