Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Senior Planner (Student Transportation) - Permanent 
 Elk Island School Division 
 __Sherwood Park, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Elk Island Public Schools (EIPS) is one of the largest school divisions in Alberta, serving the education needs of approximately 17,150 students in 43 schools. Every day, the staff and students of EIPS are encouraged to pursue opportunities to grow and to discover their passions in life. We pride ourselves on providing our staff and students with the tools to achieve success by offering dynamic programming, up-to-date resources and practical professional learning opportunities. 
 EIPS is recruiting a permanent full-time Senior Planner (12-month position) for our Student Transportation department. 
 Our Student Transportation department is located at our Central Office in Sherwood Park. 
 Commencing December 28, 2020 
40 hours per week (8 hours/day - Monday to Friday) 
Open to Internal and External Applicants 
EIPS offers a comprehensive benefit package for permanent employees 
 The function and purpose of this position is to provide safe transportation for students in kindergarten to grade 12 while meeting criteria such as legislation, policies, and procedures. Collaborate with Bus Operators/Bus Contractors, School Administrators, Parents, Safety Monitors, School Districts regarding scheduling, safety concerns and behaviour incidents. 
 KEY DUTIES / RESPONSIBILITITES 
 Route Management 
 Designing, implementing and scheduling of computerized bus routing using VersaTrans software 
Revision of regular routes to meet operational standards, address safety issues and improve efficiencies. 
Supervise Safety Monitors at transfer sites. 
Oversee transfer sites for safety, scheduling and efficiency. 
Measure service performance and make adjustments/improvements as needed to ensure compliance with district criteria and all applicable legislation. 
Optimize bus routes as directed in order to create cost efficiencies. 
Validate monthly route eligible distance for Bus Contractor pay. 
Prepare reports on routing and route optimization for Director of Student Transportation. 
Monitor and confirm route paths and student scanning using GPS VersaTrans Onscreen software. 
Coordinate individualized busing requests with Student Support Services for students with special requirements (i.e. wheelchairs, underage students, etc.). 
Create and adjust school boundaries as directed. 
Troubleshoot system malfunction and liaise between Tech Services and VersaTrans support. 
Build computerized mapping in growth areas. 
Provide data for boundary planning and reviews. 
Provide reports and data analysis for Director of Transportation. 
Assist Director of Transportation with Alberta Education yearly funding application. 
Provide direction on messaging for SynreVoice call outs. 
Assessment of individualized equipment for students with special needs in conjunction with Student Support Services and Safety and Compliance Coordinator. 
Interpret changes to legislation that affect Student Transportation. 
Provide Bus Schedules to parents in April and August. 
Inform parents of any route schedule changes. 
 Complaints and Discipline 
 Investigate and resolve parent/guardian/School Administrator concerns. 
Review data collection and provide information to Director/School Administration in order to provide appropriate action. 
Supervise Planner Assistants. 
Transport students to school or home who must be removed from the bus because of disciplinary issues and/or safety concerns. 
 Bus Operator Training and Safety 
 Conduct meetings with school Bus Operators and/or Bus Contractors. 
Monitor bus operator compliance of Alberta Transportation regulations and Alberta Traffic Safety Act utilizing GPS software. 
Instruct MELT program to train new bus operators. 
Instruct School Bus Driver Improvement program to bus operators and conduct assessment for S-Endorsement certification. 
Coordinate with Safety and Compliance Supervisor and supervise yearly bus evacuation practices at school locations. 
Provide advice and guidance to Bus Operators in order to adhere to EIPS policies and procedures. 
Attend bus accident sites and provide support to Safety and Compliance Coordinator. 
Review and approve yearly route assessment submitted by Bus Operators. 
Assessment of school sites for traffic safety concerns in conjunction with Safety and Compliance Coordinator, EIPS Facilities Department, School Administrators and County/City Officials. 
Assist Director in bus cancellations. 
 EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE 
 Education 
 Degree or Diploma in a related field or equivalent experience 
 The following education requirements would be considered an asset. The successful candidate may obtain these requirements during employment. 
 Class 2 Driver’s License with S-Endorsement condition 
Melt Driving Instructor 
School Bus Driver Improvement Program Trainer Certification 
Emergency First Aid Certification 
 Experience 
 Seven to ten years combined experience in the following: 
Student Transportation department 
School or business environment 
Planning or Logistics 
Information technologies 
 KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ATTITUDES 
 High aptitude and knowledge of routing software 
Excellent analytical skills 
Excellent organizational and time management skills 
Ability to remain calm and act decisively in Emergency situations 
Adjust rapidly to changes and tempo of work activity in order to multi-task effectively due to frequent interruptions 
Ability to communicate clearly both verbally and written 
Clear understanding of the policies, regulations and procedures governing Student Transportation 
Understanding of functionality of equipment (GPS, video surveillance, student scanning, safety harnesses, two-way radio) 
Crucial Conversations training 
 For more information, please contact Lisa Weder, Director, Student Transportation at 780-417-8153 or email lisa.weder@eips.ca. 
 Only online applications will be accepted. 
 Elk Island Public Schools appreciates and considers all applications; however, we only contact candidates who are selected for interviews. 
 “If you require assistance with the application system, please call Apply to Education at 1-877-900-5627 or email info@applytoeducation.com.” 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
