Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Retail Sales Representative - The Wine Shop 
 The Wine Shops 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 WINE LOVERS WANTED! 
 At the Wine Shop, we look forward to celebrating every occasion with our customers! Whether they're hosting a dinner party, enjoying a solo glass, celebrating a birthday, or maybe an engagement - our team is right around the corner to help them select the perfect match and provide fun wine know-how along the way. 
 Sound like your dream job? Keep reading - it gets better! 
 As a company we enjoy attracting and developing top talent who share in our passion and vision of pouring extraordinary into everyday life! We are looking for professional, passionate sales individuals who are focused on delivering a superior shopping experience to our customers. 
 Our wine shop located within Bloor West Village (2273 Bloor Street West, Toronto)is looking for their newest team member! 
 If you have a minimum of 2 years customer service experience, a passion for wine, and delivering the most memorable customer experience, we can't wait to hear from you! 
 Please note, your Smart Serve Certification is required for this position, along with flexible availability to includedays, evenings, weekends and holidays. 
 For more information and to apply, visit us in store or online at https://thewineshops.prevueaps.com/jobs 
 Andrew Peller Limited is committed to inclusive, barrier-free recruitment and selection processes and work environment. We are happy to discuss any need for accommodation and will make every effort to meet those needs in a timely manner. Please advise the Human Resources Department if you require accommodation throughout the recruitment and selection processes and/or within the work environment. Information received relating to accommodation measures will be addressed confidentially. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
