Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Seasonal Stock Associate (5am-12pm Availability/7week) 
 Old Navy - Cross Iron Mills 
 __Rocky View, AB 
 Apply Now 
 At Old Navy, we’re passionate about bringing fun and fashion to absolutely everyone. It takes an amazing team to make it happen. That’s where you come in. As a Seasonal Sales Associate, you’ll be a big part of our team, helping our customers stock-up on their favorite fashionable finds and the perfect presents for everyone on their list. Your energy, talent, and skills will help us succeed during one of the most exciting times of the year. If you're ready to be part of our magic formula of festive, fun, family and fashion, we're looking for you. 
 You will fit in well at Old Navy if: 
 
 You are passionate about fashion, apparel and our products 
 You are excited to bring your creativity to every situation 
 You bring a positive attitude and passion to learn and grow every single day 
 You are confident in your ability to innovate and find new ways to showcase style 
 You are passionate about challenging yourself to do new things that have never been done before 
 You are dedicated to live life unexpectedly and have fun along the way 
 You are motivated to grow in your career within the Gap Inc. family 
 You are excited about our discounts across Gap, Old Navy, and Banana Republic 
 
 Seasonal Logistics responsibilities include but are not limited too: 
 -Working under strict timeframes and open to direct feedback on improving performance 
 -Hitting unit per hour timeframes to ensure the team is meeting productivity expectations 
 -Merchandising the product and scanning in back stock 
 -Upholding product and standard integrity 
 Additional Requirement: 
 - Lift up to 50 lbs. 
 - Move with extreme pace and urgency ( hours are determined based on productivity) 
 - Enjoy delivering high-quality standards under extreme pressure 
 Job Type: Temporary 
 Benefits: 
 
 Casual dress 
 Store discount 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Logistics: 1 year (Required) 
 Customer Service: 1 year (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
