Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Identity and Access Management Support Engineer (IAM) 
 AstraNorth 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description 
 Work Location:   Remote during COVID19. But candidate will have to relocate to Ottawa after restrictions are over. 
 Job Description: 
Provide operational support and implementation services including user provisioning, environment management and respond to customer support requests. 
Administration and Management of Microsoft Identity and Access Management solution components including Azure AD, ADFS, Azure AD Connect and Active Directory Domain Services. 
Develop PowerShell automation scripts, ARM templates, JSON, etc. 
Perform daily system monitoring, verifying the integrity and availability of all cloud services, systems and key processes, reviewing system and application logs. 
Deploy system patches as released by Vendor, and upgrade administrative tools and utilities; 
Ongoing performance tuning, Configure / add new services as necessary to support user authentication and access management. 
Produce and monitor ICAM dashboards and reports, produce metrics per client needs. 
Develop and/or review user access policies, assist with audits/risk assessments and recommend changes to strengthen overall security posture. 
Maintain and produce support related artefacts and documentation including – operations manual, process documents, configuration documents, etc. 
Provide after-hours support when necessary and respond to emergencies. 
Work with Business and/or vendor’s/client support teams to resolve issues. 
The ability and flexibility to work in shifts when necessary. 
 Required years of experience, training, technical skills, and other requirements for job performance: 
 Has minimum of 4 years of experience working with Identity and Access management solutions and 2-3 years’ familiarity with Azure Active Directory 
Identity Synchronization Technologies (Dirsync, AAD Connect, MIM etc) 
Active Directory Federation Services (ADFS) - or similar 3rd party. 
Experience with authentication protocols such as OAuth, SAML or OpenID Connect. 
Strong experience in Powershell scripting 
External identity providers configuration for Web Application 
Familiarity with Security and infrastructure administration 
Knowledge of Office 365 Identity Management 
Experience with Cloud User Management and configuration 
Familiarity with networking concepts including NAT, DNS 
Understanding of Virtualization concepts and virtual system administration 
Familiarity with core OS services such as: SSH, telnet, FTP, NFS, DNS, DHCP, LDAP 
Prefer proficiency in English and French for written and verbal communication. 
 Education/ Qualification: 
 Bachelor's/Master’s degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Information Technology, Cybersecurity, or related field. 
One or more Azure Cloud certification strongly preferred. 
AZ-103 Microsoft Azure Administrator 
AZ-203 Developing Solutions for Microsoft Azure 
AZ-300 Microsoft Azure Architect Technologies 
 Security Clearance: 
Security Clearance (Enhanced Reliability Status) from the Government of Canada, or the candidate should be a resident of Canada for 5 continuous years. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Pay: $70,000.00-$130,000.00 per year 
 Schedule: 
 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 Temporarily due to COVID-19 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
