Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Intermediate Clerk - Health Records - Temporary Full-Time (192937) 
 Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 We currently have a Temporary Full-Time opportunity for an Intermediate Clerk in the Health Records department at our Bayview Campus (until approx. June 2020). 
 Summary of Duties 
 Receive stays from units, collate personal health information, log them in to our Chart Tracking System and prepare for assembly process. 
Assemble inpatient stays within a chart in accordance with the hospital’s chart assembly order 
Prepare charts to be sent to the scanning vendor by logging each stay, adhering barcodes, generating manifests, etc. 
Conduct account look-up for loose reports using our Patient Registration System. 
Conduct ongoing audits and follow-up on any discrepancies or issues found. 
Assist in other tasks as assigned. 
 Qualifications/Skills 
 One year of community college 
One year of administrative/Business experience required in a health care setting preferred 
Minimum of two years of previous Health Records experience preferred 
Attention to detail is a must in order to avoid errors that can have a direct impact to patient care such as misfiles. 
Able to meet departmental daily productivity standards in a busy work environment. 
Outstanding customer services skills essential, demonstrated Patient-Focused Care/Customer Service behaviour 
Clear understanding of legislations and guidelines related to the Security and Privacy of Personal Health Information 
Ability to communicate effectively with all levels of staff 
Knowledge of Microsoft Office 
Knowledge of PCS, Chart Locator, EPR and Sovera applications an asset 
Must be able to prioritize workload and work in a team environment 
Demonstrated sound judgment and diplomacy 
Attention to detail 
Keyboarding at net 40 w.p.m. or data entry at net 106 kspm 
Excellent problem-solving and communication skills 
Demonstrated ability to work in a team environment 
 Qualified candidates are invited to submit their resume and cover letter (in one document) quoting 192937 to: 
 Human Resources 
Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre 
 To apply, please click "Apply for Position" near the top right corner of this page 
 Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre is committed to providing accessible employment practices that are in compliance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA). If you require accommodation for disability during any stage of the recruitment process, please indicate this in your cover letter. 
 Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre is strongly committed to inclusion and diversity within its community and welcomes all applicants including but not limited to: visible minorities, all religions and ethnicities, persons with disabilities, LGBTQ persons, and all others who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
