Skip to primary content 
 Skip to secondary content 
 Online Israel Studies Bulletin Board 
 New Publications, Bibliography, Conferences, Jobs, Scholarships, etc. 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Contact 
 Editor 
 Submit a Posting to OISBB! 
 
 Tag Archives: Jobseekers 
 Job: Visiting Professor or Lecturer in Israel Studies (University of Virginia; apply by Nov 2, 2015) 
 Posted on  October 20, 2015  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 University of Virginia, Jewish Studies Program 
 Visiting Professor or Lecturer in Israel Studies 
 The University of Virginia's interdisciplinary program in Jewish Studies invites applicants for a one-year non-tenure track appointment as Visiting Faculty/Lecturer in Israel Studies, anticipated to begin August 23, 2016. Field of specialization within Israel Studies is open. Applicants who currently have a permanent appointment elsewhere will hold the visiting rank commensurate with rank at home institution. Applicants who do not have a permanent appointment elsewhere will be eligible for the rank of lecturer. Duties include teaching two undergraduate courses per semester, delivering one public lecture, and service to the Jewish Studies Program, College of Arts & Sciences, and University. Review of applications will begin on November 2 and will continue until the position is filled. Applicants must hold a PhD at the time of appointment. 
 To apply, please complete a Candidate Profile online through  Jobs@UVa  (   https://jobs.virginia.edu ), and apply to posting number 0617348. Please electronically attach the following: a current CV, cover letter addressed to Professor Alon Confino, Chair, Israel Studies Search, and name, email and phone information for three professional references. Please also attach a statement of teaching philosophy and a writing sample. 
 Questions regarding this position should be directed to Julie Garmel at  jg4e@virginia.edu . 
 The University will perform background checks on all new hires prior to making a final offer of employment. 
 The University of Virginia is an equal opportunity/affirmative action employer. Women, minorities, veterans and persons with disabilities are encouraged to apply. 
 You can always see the most up-to-date version of the H-net ad at:  https://www.h-net.org/jobs/job_display.php?id=51753 
 Posted in  Jobs ,  Non-Tenure ,  Visiting Professor  |  Tagged  Israel Studies ,  Job Market ,  Jobseekers ,  University Jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 New Article: Stier and Endeweld, Age and Gender in the Israeli Labor Market 
 Posted on  June 28, 2015  by   Aryeh 
 Reply 
 Stier, Haya and Miri Endeweld, "Employment Transitions and Labor Market Exits: Age and Gender in the Israeli Labor Market."  Research in Social Stratification and Mobility  (early view; online first). 
 URL: http://dx.doi.org/10.1016/j.rssm.2015.01.002 
 Abstract 
 This study focuses on the employment difficulties of older workers in the Israeli labor market. Using administrative panel data for the years 2005–2010, it traces the employment transitions of workers and their consequences, focusing on age and gender differences. The findings show that in Israel older workers, men and women alike, are indeed less likely to leave their jobs. However, once out of the labor force, they face difficulties in finding new employment. These difficulties are severer for women than for men. Male workers who experience high instability experience job losses, with no substantial age differences. The wage penalties for women are much lower, probably because of their limited opportunities in terms of earnings. 
 Highlights 
 
 Older workers in Israel have higher job stability compared to younger workers. 
 Once leaving a job, older workers have more difficulties in finding new employment. 
 Women are more likely to experience difficulties in regaining employment compared to men. 
 Job transitions are associated with a loss of wage but older workers are not losing more than younger ones. 
 Job transitions are less costly for women than for men, probably because of initially lower wages. 
 
 Posted in  Bibliography ,  Journal article  |  Tagged  Ageism ,  Economy ,  Employment ,  Employment transition ,  Gender ,  Gender Wage Gap ,  Job Stability ,  Jobseekers ,  Labor Force ,  Labor Market ,  Old Age ,  Precariousness  |   Leave a reply 
 Email Subscription 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 Categories 
 Categories Select Category Bibliography  (2,062)    BA Thesis  (8)    Book  (205)    Book Chapter  (76)    Book Review  (148)    CFP  (7)    Dissertation  (36)    Journal article  (1,471)    Journal ToC  (107)    MA Thesis  (13)    Magazine article  (16)    Online paper  (18)    Report  (16)    Work in Progress  (1) Discussions and Methodology  (5)    Blog posts  (1)    Online magazines  (3) Grants  (50)    Fellowship  (24)    Graduate Fellowships  (8)    Post-Doc  (22)    Prize  (8)    Scholarship  (10)    Travel grant  (7) Israel Studies Programs News  (16) Jobs  (78)    Adjuncts/Tutors  (8)    Administration  (1)    Fixed Term  (14)    Non-Tenure  (23)    Tenure-Track  (25)    Tenured / Chair  (10)    Visiting Professor  (14) Public Events  (207)    CFP  (35)    Concert  (1)    Conference  (14)    Conference Program  (40)    Discussion \ Panel  (22)    Exhibit  (2)    Festival  (1)    Gala  (2)    Lecture / Public Talk  (97)    Performance  (6)    Reception  (2)    Screening  (10)    Seminar  (13)    Symposium  (4)    Tour  (1)    Webcast \ Podcast  (2)    Webinar  (1)    Workshops  (21) Resources  (16)    Israel Studies Program  (7)    Website  (4) Teaching  (13)    Syllabi  (6)    Textbooks  (2) Uncategorized  (5) 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Bulletin: Water in Israel 
 Bulletin: Psychology and Psychiatry in Israel 
 Bulletin: Military Occupation and Conflict, the West Bank, and Gaza 
 Bulletin: Americans Jews and Israel 
 Bulletin: Aliyah, Immigration, Refugees and Trafficking 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
