Skip to content 
 
 WorknWear 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Products 
 
 
 Services 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Products 
 
 
 Services 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 
 Safety on the Job Site 
 August 14, 2018 Uncategorized By admin 
 
 Whether you just started a business or you’re ready to take safety on the job site more seriously,  OSHA’s Recommended Practices for Safety and Health Programs  provides a step-by-step approach to getting a safety and health program started. The goal of your program should be to prevent workplace injuries, illnesses, and deaths, as well as alleviate the suffering and financial hardships of workers and their families when these unfortunate incidents occur. 
 Any successful safety and health program should be built around these seven core elements, as outlined by OSHA: 
 
 
 Management leadership   :  Business owners, managers, and supervisors must be committed to health and safety on the job site. Their top priorities must be to eliminate hazards and protect workers, as well as provide education regarding onsite hazards and information about filing for worker’s compensation and other benefits if injuries occur on the job. 
 
 
 Worker participation   :  Employees should have a way to report hazards or health concerns without fear of retaliation, and reporting injuries or illnesses should be a simple process. Workers should also have the opportunity to voice their opinions before any significant workplace changes are implemented. 
 
 
 Hazard identification and assessment   :  This critical element of safety on the job site involves finding hazards before they cause an incident. Plan to conduct periodic workplace inspections, investigate close calls, consider emergencies that could arise, and identify trends in injuries and illnesses that occur. 
 
 
 Hazard prevention and control   :  To effectively prevent and control hazardous workplace conditions, seek worker insight, implement a hazard control plan, and routinely evaluate the effectiveness of your program. Review new technologies and techniques for providing more reliable, cost-effective protection for your workers. 
 
 
 Education and training   :  Understanding workplace risks and how to stay safe is critical. Employers, managers, supervisors, and workers should receive the necessary education. This may take the form of peer-to-peer or on-the-job training, which should cover the skills needed to perform a job safely, how to identify and report hazards, and any special training where unique risks are present. 
 
 
 Program evaluation and improvement   :  When a safety and health program is implemented for the first time, it should be closely evaluated to ensure it’s working as intended. Then, employers should reevaluate the program at least once a year to stay on track with their goals. 
 
 
 Communication and coordinatio   n   for   host employers, contractors,   and   staffing agencies   :  It’s common for host worksites to facilitate multiple contractors or subcontractors simultaneously. In these cases, it’s vital for the host employer and each contractor to communicate and coordinate to ensure a safe job site for all workers, whether temporary or long-term. 
 
 
 Work-n-Wear offers a wide selection of affordable, quality protective gear to help improve safety on the job site. Browse  our products  today to find the perfect work wear for your team! To learn more, please  contact us online  or call our Salem, Oregon store at (503) 364-3064. 
 About the author 
 admin 
 Related posts 
 
 Tips for Staying Safe on Jobsites 
November 28, 2018 
 
 Staying Warm While Working Outside This Winter 
November 14, 2018 
 
 Which Safety Toe Is Right For You? 
October 20, 2018 
 
 Tips to Prevent Dehydration in Construction Employees 
October 10, 2018 
 
 Safety Tips for Working in Wicked Weather 
September 20, 2018 
 
 Automation Perks for the Construction Industry 
September 10, 2018 
 Locations 
 Salem - O'Connells 
1869 25th St SE 
Salem, OR 97302 
 Phone - (503) 364-3064 
Email - work.n.wearboots@gmail.com 
 Portland - Hank's 
8878 NE Sandy Blvd. 
Portland, OR 97220 
 Phone - (503) 253-7098 
 Social Media 
 Facebook 
 Send us a Message! 
 HOME  |  ABOUT US  |  ** PRIVACY POLICY  | ** Call Us: (503) 364-3064 
