Skip to primary content 
 Escape With Me 
 "You fail only if you stop writing." - Ray Bradbury 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 
 About 
 
 
 Thinking 
 Prose 
 Life as a Writer 
 Letter Writing 
 Travel 
 Poetry 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous   Next -> 
 Best Job Ever 
 Posted on  July 22, 2013  by   madisonlawson 
 I should have written this blog a while back, but as they say, better late than never right? 
 So a little over a week ago, the Awaken DTS was called together to figure out what our work duties will be. So, we are all standing in a corner, anxiously waiting. They go through kitchen duty, morning duty (my name isn't called thank goodness) and others until Camera duty is called out. Four names are said, "Austin. Brooke. Julia. And Madison." Okay, fair enough. Sounds fine! So we go to find our work Duty leader. When we come up to him, he tells us his name is Bernie, so, of course, I immediately call him Uncle B. 
 I'm automatically super excited for this work duty. He shows us around, takes us to an AIR CONDITIONED booth, shows us the computers, chords, TVs, and cameras. It's all so exciting! This is actually close to what I want to do in the future, NO WAY. I'm not cleaning toilets. This is just another way God is showing me he likes me and cares about what I cares about. Yes things are difficult, it's definitely not been easy here, but God still likes to make us happy. 
 So Thursday rolls around, and on Thursday night is Ohana Court. Basically this is just a time when everyone on base, and people who want to come and arent on base, come to the Ohana court for a time or worship, a message, and prayer. 
 Our job is important for these nights, and Monday morning worship. We are not only in charge of all the media, and filming for the screen, but we are also in charge of the live video of the meeting. 
 My main job is working the floor camera, although today I did Camera 1 up top, (I prefer the floor) and I LOVE it. I'm also hoping to direct it soon. 
 I'm already close with my team. I love them so much and we have so much fun together. I'm so thankful for this work duty and I'm excited for many days to come. 
 Love you all 
 KISSES 
 -Mattie 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  Travel  and tagged  camera ,  direct ,  dts ,  film ,  travel ,  YWAM  by  madisonlawson . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 2 thoughts on "Best Job Ever" 
 
 Jane on  July 23, 2013 at 12:46 am  said: 
 
 Proud of you and God Bless you..as I know your work pleases the Lord and your parents.. 
 Reply ↓ 
 
 Karen Lawson  on  July 23, 2013 at 2:13 pm  said: 
 
 Of course. Wouldn't anyone naturally call Bernie Uncle B? 🙂 This looks like such fun and God really does enjoy blessing His children. 
 Reply ↓ 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
  Create a website or blog at WordPress.com  
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
