
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to primary sidebar 
 Skip to footer 
 
 These 10 Industries Hire The Most Remote Workers.  FREE Guide. Close Top Banner 
 Additional menu 
 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Work From Home Happiness 
 Actionable Advice from Ashlee Anderson 
 
 Career Coaching 
 
 30-Minute Career Q & A 
 60-Minute Career Clarity & Direction 
 Resume Writing 
 The Effortless Remote Job Search 
 
 
 Career Paths
 
 Bookkeeper 
 Content Marketer 
 Medical Billing & Coding 
 Medical Transcription & Editing 
 Proofreader 
 Transcription 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Writer 
 
 
 Resources 
 Now Hiring 
 Blog 
 About 
 
 Newsletter Sign Up 
 Get In Touch 
 Disclosure Statement 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Start Here. 
 
 How To Become A Proofreader (So You Can Finally Get Paid To Read All Day) 
 February 28, 2018 by  Ashlee Anderson   15 Comments 
 __Tweet 6 
 __Pin 1K 
  __Share 82 
  __Share 
 1K Shares 
 Proofreading is big business. And for good reason. Businesses realize that consumers judge them on everything, including whether or not their marketing materials, content, and other copy have any mistakes. 
 I mean, think about it, would you really feel 100% confident buying something from a business whose website is riddled with easy-to-spot errors? 
 Probably not. 
 It sends a message of laziness, as if they can't be bothered to double check their work before it's sent to consumers, like you. 
 So, to prevent embarrassing mistakes from going to print or being published, lots of businesses, bloggers, and brands seek the help of professional proofreaders. This helps ensure that everything that's being seen by the public is free of mistakes and leaves a professional impression long after it's read. 
 And this is good news for you if you've always thought you have what it takes to use your grammar-guru ways to earn extra cash -- from anywhere! Today, you can easily start a proofreading hustle or service business you can use to get paid to read all day every day. 
 What Exactly Does A Proofreader Do Anyway? 
 Good question. 
 Proofreaders concern themselves with spotting errors within text. This can include typos, spelling mistakes, grammar issues, and missing punctuation. 
 Proofreaders are usually the last ones to read content before it is published, whether in print or online. 
 Essentially, they go through copy (what you call written text) with a fine-tooth comb to ensure it is 100% error free. 
 What Doesn't A Proofreader Do? 
 A lot of people interchange the terms editing and proofreading, even though they are two very different phases of the writing process. 
 When editing a text, you look at big-picture stuff. You look at the overall structure of the writing, note poor word choices, disorganized paragraphs, and suggest changes that improve the overall readability. Editors make sure the flow of writing makes sense and content is cohesive from start to finish. 
 Proofreaders do not concern themselves with these big-picture issues. Instead, they are handed a document AFTER an editor goes over everything. The proofreader is looking for any kind of syntax, grammar, or spelling issues that may be present. A proofreader will not make suggestions to improve the flow, structure, or readability of a text. Period. 
 Would I Make A Good Proofreader? 
 It depends. Do you read a lot? If you answered, yes, chances are you'd make a pretty good proofreader too. 
 Those of us who read a lot, tend to notice errors in writing a lot more easily than non-readers. Plus, heavy readers typically have a natural understanding of grammar and can better spot misspelled words. 
 If you find yourself reading everything from the back of your conditioner to flyers posted around town and notice seemingly small errors, you've got the makings of a professional proofreader. 
 Who Uses Proofreaders? 
 Anyone who writes should hire a proofreader. Notice how I use the word should? Well, that's because not everyone who publishes content uses proofreaders, even though they should. 
 Take a look at some of these super embarrassing grammar and spelling mistakes that could've been avoided by hiring a proofreader: 
 Apostrophes are important, right? 
 I've never heard of Amercia before. How about you? 
 I'd like to meet the genious who let this go to print 😉 
 Even though we text, email, and use social media to communicate less formally with one another, there are still plenty of reasons for proper spelling and complete sentences. And that's why many people from business to brands hire proofreaders, including: 
 
 Authors 
 Copywriters 
 Bloggers 
 Marketers 
 Students 
 Web content creators 
 Social Media Marketers 
 Brands 
 Small businesses 
 Publishers 
 
 As a professional proofreader for hire, you can market your services to any number of these writers or pick a more specific niche -- the choice is yours. For example, my friend Phon,  made a living proofreading romance novels  (cool, right?). 
 What If I Don't Have Professional Proofreading Experience? 
 That's okay. Truth be told, most proofreaders get started with zero prior proofreading experience. 
 I mean, there aren't really any colleges or universities that offer degrees in proofreading. Sure, an English degree or something in a similar field may sort of prepared you for proofreading professionally, it's not the same thing as getting in there and proofreading in real life. 
 And really, the only way to gain experience is to start small and work your way up to bigger fish. 
 For example, there are a number of  companies that hire proofreaders . Keep in mind, many of them pay low rates. But, if you really want to try your hand at proofreading before going all in, they're great places to start. Think of those sites as paid proofreading internships. 
 The more you proofread, the better you'll get. And the more experience you gain, the better your opportunities as a proofreader for hire. We've all got to start somewhere, right? 
 Proofreading Training 
 If you're really set on the idea of proofreading professionally, I highly recommend obtaining some kind of training. 
 While it's not necessary to have a formal education (I started proofreading on Upwork by accident!), having a blueprint to follow can make it super easy to become a paid proofreader quickly. 
 And the good news is, there are a couple of affordable online options that will prepare you to tackle the world of pro proofreading even when you're a total newbie. 
 My personal fave? This  free 45-minute workshop over at Proofread Anywhere . 
 This information-packed session will help you make sense of professional proofreading. It's hosted by proofreading powerhouse Caitlyn Pyle who knows a thing or two about  starting a proofreading hustle from scratch . 
 By the time it's over, you'll be able to determine whether or not you actually have what it takes to go pro. 
 So go ahead and sign up for the  free workshop  and get started. You won't know if you've got the chops until you actually try! 
 Get Paid To Read (It's Possible!) 
 If someone asked you, "How would you like to get paid to read?" You'd probably say, "Sign me up!" 
 And truth be told, you really can  make a living as a proofreader . The demand for perfectly polished content and professional copy is made possible by proofreaders, like you. 
 Remember, you don't need professional experience or formal education to get started. 
 But you do need to arm yourself with the knowledge needed to start from scratch and build a career. 
 Think you have what it takes to go pro? Did you find any errors in this post? Let me know in the comments below! 
 Happily, 
 Ashlee 
 P.S. This post contains affiliate links. Learn more about my use of them by reading this disclosure statement. 
 __Tweet 6 
 __Pin 1K 
  __Share 82 
  __Share 
 1K Shares 
 Filed Under:  Career Paths  Tagged With:  how to become a proofreader ,  proofreading jobs ,  proofreading jobs from home ,  proofreading jobs from home no experience 
 About Ashlee Anderson 
 Ashlee Anderson is a Certified Professional Career Coach (CPCC) specializing in remote work. She's on a mission to help job seekers ditch their daily commute in favor of telecommuting. 
 Reader Interactions 
 Comments 
 
 Faith Stewart  says 
 
 February 28, 2018 at 10:38 am 
 I feel like proofreading gets overlooked by a ton of people, kind of like writing. They think if they do not have a degree related to grammar or English, they can't get there. I have an accounting degree, but I am a freelance writer. If you are good at what you do, you can turn it into a money maker! 
 Thanks for the great article;) 
 
 Freda says 
 
 July 14, 2018 at 2:59 am 
 Going to try my hand on proofreading to improve my self and become a writer so that I can successfully finish my first book 
 
 Karen says 
 
 August 9, 2018 at 8:51 pm 
 Great article! I feel like you planted a mistake (prepared), so I don't feel too bad about pointing it out. Thanks! 
 
 Jordan says 
 
 August 20, 2018 at 5:37 pm 
 I'm not a proofreader, but I'm considering it as a job. I absolutely love to read and read and read 😉. When I am reading i notice mistakes a little to easily. Can I still become a proofreader with just that? 
 
 KalaM  says 
 
 August 23, 2018 at 10:26 am 
 Found a mistake: “Sure, an English degree or something in a similar field may sort OF prepared you for proofreading professionally” - OF should be HAVE 
 
 Dyan  says 
 
 January 30, 2019 at 5:00 pm 
 Loved proofreading my students essays and various writings. I was an English Paraprofessional before I became disabled. Love reading romance novels, and just about anything. 
 
 Dyan  says 
 
 January 30, 2019 at 5:28 pm 
 I never received a reply. I am currently disabled with MS. I was previously an English Paraprofessional. I proof read my students essays and other material. I am very interested in reading books or novels for an income. 
 
 Karina says 
 
 January 31, 2019 at 10:55 am 
 You might want to proof read this article. 
 
 Valerie Millin says 
 
 February 4, 2019 at 8:32 am 
 Jordan just replied and made an error! He should have had TOO not TO .. easily! 
 
 Ashlee Anderson  says 
 
 February 5, 2019 at 6:40 am 
 Hi Karina, 
 Maybe you could do it for me? 😉 
 Happily 
 Ashlee 
 
 Vicky Mariconde  says 
 
 August 6, 2019 at 10:25 pm 
 I did find a couple of errors. Good info though! I will look into it, as I am automatically drawn to errors (previous medical transcriptionist and documentation quality specialist). Thanks much! 
 
 Louis Huynh  says 
 
 January 2, 2020 at 7:13 am 
 Love the content for sure, first got to your blog and love the design alot, always keep up the good work 
 
 Lenora says 
 
 December 11, 2020 at 2:15 pm 
 That's why many people, from businesses to brands, hire proofreaders, including: 
 Original text: 
"And that’s why many people from business to brands hire proofreaders, including:" 
 
 Ashlee Anderson  says 
 
 December 14, 2020 at 8:17 am 
 Thanks, Lenora 🙂 
 Trackbacks 
 
 How To Make More Money As A Proofreader With This One Skill -  says: 
 
 July 18, 2018 at 1:07 pm 
 […] while many people love the idea of getting paid to read and spot errors, now proofreading has become a lot more than fixing mistakes in […] 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. 
 Comment 
 Name 
 Email 
 Website 
 Primary Sidebar 
 Hi. I'm Ashlee. 
 Ashlee Anderson is a Certified Professional Career Coach (CPCC) specializing in remote work. She's on a mission to help job seekers ditch their daily commute in favor of telecommuting.  Read More… 
 
 
 
 
 Work with Me 
 
 Browse Around 
 Search this website 
 Footer 
 Search this website 
 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 
 (C) 2021 *  Work From Home Happiness  *  Privacy Policy 
