Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 QA Tester 
 Granify 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Quality Assurance Tester 
 Edmonton, AB 
 Granify is a rapidly evolving, exciting company at the intersection of e-commerce, machine intelligence and psychology. We are building an industry-leading optimization platform for online retailers wanting to create a better online shopping experience for their customers. 
 Looking to get your foot in the door at an exciting technology firm in downtown Edmonton? Are you extremely detail-oriented, process-driven, excited to learn, and eager to help others? Your passion for quality and excellent computer skills will allow you to thrive in this role while gaining experience in the industry. We’re hiring a Quality Assurance Tester who values self-improvement, focus, and positivity to help ensure we are creating the best possible product - if this is you, we want you to be a part of it! 
 What You'll Do 
 Run quality assurance test cases for our online tools to ensure they are compatible on all platforms and in all situations 
Review and test code to ensure correct functionality and appearance 
Report and track bug issues directly to team members 
Verify fixes and perform regression testing 
Troubleshooting, testing, and debugging to your heart’s content 
Contributing to retrospectives, relevant documentation, and QA procedures 
Participate in sharing knowledge, feedback, and ideas - teaching and learning, it’s a two-way street that leads down the road to improvement (pun intended) 
 You Are… 
 Passionate about quality and want to deliver nothing but the best work 
Positive and personable - we're all tackling these challenges together! 
Able to communicate with clarity and brevity 
Known for your meticulous attention to detail 
Enthusiastic and eager to contribute in any way you can 
Curious, consistently looking for better ways to do things and willing to learn about emerging technologies 
Committed to mastery and craftsmanship in your work 
Interested in consumer behaviour and online retail 
 Fundamentals: 
Extremely organized, with good time management 
Experience with different operating systems and web browsers 
Able to collaborate well and work cohesively with multiple groups 
Prior QA experience 
 Bonus points: 
Experience with automating QA tests 
Experience with virtualization (e.g. Docker) 
 Experience with third party testing tools (e.g. Sauce Labs, Browserstack) 
 Understanding of coding fundamentals such as HTML, CSS, and/or JavaScript 
IT troubleshooting and/or networking skills 
Account administration 
 Why Granify? 
 With our unique culture and How We Work at Granify framework, you’ll develop core skills that will change how you work, how you think and how you live for the rest of your life. We have a clear system in place to help you grow as a person and as a pro and we take it very seriously. 
 You’ll work closely with an incredible group of the smartest, most interesting, genuinely good people around. You’ll work hard, learn quickly, and have plenty of excitement. You’ll also get a first hand view into the rapidly evolving, exciting intersection of e-commerce, machine intelligence and psychology. 
 Did you know? Granify is backed by early investors in Facebook, Uber, Twitter, Airbnb, Paypal, Pinterest, Palantir and Yelp. Wouldn’t it have been great to get in at one of those companies as they were taking off... 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
