Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Dietary Aide - Part time - Joseph Brant, Burlington 
 Compass Group Canada 
 __Burlington, ON 
 Apply Now 
 You might not know our name, but you know where we are. That’s because Compass Group Canada is part of a global foodservice and support services company that’s the 6th largest employer in the world, with 625,000 employees. 
 You’ll find us in schools, colleges, hospitals, office buildings, senior living communities, tourist attractions, sports venues, remote camps and military installations and more. We’re in all major cities, at remote work sites and everywhere in between – doing business in Canada and 50+ other countries where you can learn and grow. Join us now and point your career forward! 
 Why work with Morrison Healthcare? Imagine belonging to a team that delights in the power of healing and bringing out the best in others. Working in the healthcare food industry is amazing, because you can have a positive impact every day—on medical professionals, patients and visitors. This is so much more than a job. This is an opportunity to change lives—one day at a time. Join us. 
 Location:  Joseph Brant Hospital, 1230 Northshore Blvd E, Burlington, L7S 1W7 
 Shift:  Part time 
 Pay rate:  $21.93/hr 
 Job Summary 
 Performs a variety of tasks integral to the operation of the food service operation. 
 Essential Duties and Responsibilities: 
Set tables in the dining room for each meal service. Check and ensure dishware, cutlery, glassware and service china are clean. 
Assist in assembling meals for tray service according to the meal tickets indicating therapeutic diets. 
Prepare coffee and tea throughout the day. Remove coffee and teapots from the dining room to ensure residents/patients do not have access to them as they present a safety hazard. 
Observe HACCP guidelines to ensure safe food handling / preparation methods. 
Assist in basic food preparation and special function catering as delegated. 
Restock service areas. 
Clean dining room floor after each meal service. 
Perform cleaning duties as assigned or, as per the posted cleaning schedule for that day. 
Follow WHIMIS and MSDS guidelines using chemicals, cleaning and sanitizing agents. 
Report any injuries or hazardous situations to the Food Service Supervisor or Manager immediately. 
 Qualifications: 
Think you have what it takes to be our Dietary Aides? We’re committed to hiring the best talent for the role. Here’s how we’ll know you’ll be successful in the role. 
 FoodSafe Level 1 Certification. 
Previous experience as a dietary aide or similar position. 
Knowledge of sanitation and safety guidelines. 
Skilled in preparing meals. 
Good time-management skills and ability to multitask. 
Able to work independently and as part of a team. 
Great interpersonal and communication skills. 
Physical ability to carry out the duties of the position. 
 Compass Group Canada is committed to nurturing a diverse workforce representative of the communities within which we operate. We encourage and are pleased to consider all qualified candidates, without regard to race, colour, citizenship, religion, sex, marital / family status, sexual orientation, gender identity, aboriginal status, age, disability or persons who may require an accommodation, to apply. 
 For accommodation requests during the hiring process, please contact PeopleHub@compass-canada.com for further information. 
 Job Segment:  Food Service, Part Time, Hospitality 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
