  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Gloucester, England 
 Rate:  Up to £11.11 per hour 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Night Support Worker 
 One of the largest housing associations in the UK is recruiting for a Night Support Worker to cover night shifts at one of their supported housing services for the homeless, in central Gloucester. 
 The Service 
This Night Support Worker role is based in a large 50-bedroom property located near Gloucester city centre and close to Gloucester Royal Hospital, Railway Station and Bus Station, which provides a safe, enabling environment for homeless people in Gloucestershire with complex support needs. 
 There are three main services provided: 
, A short-term accommodation based high support service for single people over the age of 18 with multiple and complex needs e.g. 
 street homelessness, addictions, offending behaviour, mental health problems. 
 Length of is stay up to 6 months and services users receive signposting to specialist support services to help work towards moving on to independent living. 
, Re-enablement service for longer term low level re-enablement support with any domiciliary care/registered care needs being fulfilled by a domiciliary care agency. 
, Emergency short term accommodation service for homeless people whilst longer term accommodation options are being considered by the Local Authority. 
 The Role 
This Night Support Worker role is working on the bank of night workers at the service, where there are two members of staff every night, providing a concierge service for the service users of the scheme, ensuring their safety, as well as the security of the property. 
The main responsibilities and tasks of the Night Support Worker role will include: 
, Act as an initial point of reference on the phone, or in a reception area as required. 
, Use company intranet, email and other basic correspondence as and when required. 
, Implementing day/ night security systems, ensuring overall safety and security on the scheme. 
, Respond to faults as discovered. 
, Monitor access to schemes and visitors. 
, Meeting the requirements of health and safety policies and practices 
, Reporting incidents and anti-social behaviour. 
, Carry out domestic tasks (cleaning communal areas) to a high standard 
, Effective recording of information. 
, Implementing policies and procedures to ensure effective service delivery 
, Advises management promptly of any signs of problems or concerns about a client. 
, Reporting repairs to maintenance contractors by using appropriate systems 
 The Candidate 
To be considered for this Night Support Worker role, you will require previous experience working with the homeless, and be resilient and able to deal with challenging and potentially confrontational behaviour. 
You must be flexible and be able to accept shifts at short notice, and as this is a Night Support Worker role, you must be able to work unsociable hours, including bank holidays, Christmas, New Year etc. 
Due to the nature of clients you will be supporting in this Housing Worker role, to apply you will require an enhanced DBS on the update service. 
 The Contract 
This is a bank Night Support Worker position, so there are not guaranteed hours, but you can accept and reject shifts as they suit, though it is likely you will be able to work 2-3 nights per week. 
The hourly rate for the Night Support Worker role is £11.11 p/h. 
 Referral Bonus 
If this Night Support Worker role is not suitable for yourself, but you know someone who may be interested, please pass on their details, or forward these details to them. 
If they are successful in applying, you will receive a £250 referral bonus upon completion of an initial probationary period. 
 
 
 Start:  21/12/20 
 
 
 Duration:  Ongoing 
 
 
 Rate:  Up to £11.11 per hour 
 
 
 Location:  Gloucester, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Property 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208966 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-17 16:22:35 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Adults Social Worker, Modern Slavery and Forced Marriage 
 Adults Social Worker, Safeguarding, Tower Hamlets 
 Estates Surveyor 
 Care Assistant 
 Maintenance Surveyor 
 Social Worker, Discharge to Assess, Lewisham 
 Building Surveyor 
 Social Worker, SGO and Connected Carers, Southwark 
 Gas Engineer Domestic 
 Social Worker, Safeguarding and Family Support, Southwark 
 Adults Social Worker, Physical Disabilities, Ealing 
 Senior Social Worker, Court Team, Home working 
 Qualified Visual Impairment Officer, Kensington and Chelsea 
 Senior CP / CIN Social Worker, Lewisham 
 Team Manager, Early Help, Working from home 
 Child Protection Advisor 
 Administrator 
 Family Support Worker 
 Senior Practitioner - Safeguarding and Support 
 Adult Social Care Debt Management Project Lead 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
