Work With Craft 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 Professionals 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Our Plans 
 
 
 __  Post Job 
 
 
 __  Sign Up 
 
 
 __  Log In 
 
 
 __Menu 
 Senior Web Developer LOCALPERMANENT 
 Job Description 
 If you’re an experienced web developer and are looking for your next challenge, this role could be for you. 
 We're looking for a talented full stack web developer that takes pride in their code and the user experience. You'll primarily be building sites with Craft CMS. You'll understand the pros and cons of different approaches and objectively assess the routes forward, whilst maintaining an open mind to learning new things. You'll understand that complexity needs to be very carefully managed, and you should not be bound to any particular frameworks. 
 What we're looking for from you 
 
 A creative problem solver with a future-friendly approach to mobile-first responsive coding 
 A solid understanding of the fundamental aspects of HTML, CSS, JS & SVG 
 Someone passionate about front-end, with a focus on performance, semantics, and web standards 
 A user-focussed mindset 
 Good communication skills within the team and with clients 
 Excellent organisation and time management skills 
 An awareness and interest in industry trends and attention-grabbing front-end techniques 
 
 Required skills we'd like you to have: 
 
 HTML, CSS (specifically SCSS), SVG, and JavaScript 
 Git version control 
 Comfortable with Terminal and basics of Linux administration 
 Expert knowledge of content modelling and how it translates to CMS implementations 
 
 Bonus skills you might have: 
 
 Experience with Craft CMS and ExpressionEngine (or Twig templating) 
 Multi-lingual websites 
 PHP experience and basic OOP 
 API integrations and writing CMS plugins 
 JavaScript patterns 
 Gulp knowledge 
 Linux sysadmin experience (LAMP and LEMP stacks) 
 Nginx and Apache familiarity 
 Relevant experience in a similar fast-paced agency environment 
 
 What you'll be doing: 
 
 Working directly with our team of creative designers to build award winning websites for a variety of well-known brands and local businesses 
 Receiving biscuits as bribes from our two project managers 
 Collaborating with your team of developers to achieve Devtopia 
 Translating high fidelity designs into fully responsive websites 
 Owning projects from start to finish 
 Collaborating with other developers on larger projects 
 
 The perks of the job 
 
 28 days' paid holiday (including bank holidays) 
 Day off for your birthday 
 Time off between Xmas and New year (without using holiday) 
 Annual bonus scheme based on KPIs and business performance 
 Use of studio pool table 
 Fresh fruit weekly 
 Company pension scheme 
 Tea break encouraged at 3pm 
 Social events (bowling, go-karting, ping-pong etc) 
 An inspiring, comfortable and social office environment 
 A short walk from Maidenhead town centre and the train station 
 Courses, equipment, and training to nurture your skills 
 Bike to work scheme 
 
 This is an excellent opportunity for someone to join a fast growing, forward thinking digital agency. 
 About the company 
 CLD is a small agency of 15 people with some exciting clients and a friendly atmosphere. We've been established for ten years and are steadily growing the team. We regularly enter industry awards and have had success with Wirehive and The Drum. 
 How to Apply 
 Please introduce yourself or ask us any questions by emailing us at  [email protected] . We'd like to know about your experience, and see some links to projects you've been involved in or code that you have written. 
 https://cld.agency 
 Contact Info 
 
 __ 
 
 Company:  CLD 
 
 __ 
 
 Location:  Maidenhead, UK 
 
 __ 
 
 Phone Number:  [+44 (0)1628 622855](+44 (0)1628 622855) 
 
 __ 
 
 Email Address: 
 
 __ 
 
 Website:   cld.agency 
 __  Posted May 23, 2018 
 Follow Us 
 
 __ 
 __ 
 
 Work With Craft (C) 2021. All Rights Reserved. 
