Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Assistant Manager CDN 
 StorageMart 
 __Saskatoon, SK 
 Apply Now 
 Description : 
Self-storage is one of the fastest growing sectors of the retail sales industry. StorageMart is one of the largest independent providers of self storage for business and domestic customers in Canada, the United States and the U.K. 
 StorageMart is currently seeking an energetic and proactive Assistant Site Manager. 
 Responsibilities : 
Provide outstanding customer service by assisting customers with their storage needs 
Assist reservation and walk-in customers in renting storage units (no cold calling!) 
Sell merchandise, moving and packaging supplies 
Ensure the property is customer ready - making the property appearance safe and welcoming 
Manage, verify, balance cash drawer and prepare deposits 
 Qualifications : 
Experience in retail sales, hospitality, customer service or casual dining 
Excellent customer service skills 
Detail oriented with strong organizational and time management skills 
Willingness to work outside, clean units and maintain grounds 
Valid driver's license and vehicle/insurance required (mileage paid!) 
Reliable transportation to, from and during work 
Basic computer skills and physical ability to do the job (lifting up to 50 pounds, walking large sites, etc). 
 About StorageMart: 
StorageMart is a family owned business that sets the bar high for self-storage. Easy. Clean. Service. We live by those words. Come join our team and give your career a jump-start to a bright future. 
 We offer a competitive total compensation package that includes a base hourly rate ($13.50 - $14.00), commission opportunities, medical insurance, rich employer contributions to your retirement savings, and paid time off. 
 Committed to good work/life balance with flexible schedules. 
 StorageMart is an equal opportunity employer. 
 Related Careers:  Customer Service, Assistant Site Manager, Assistant Manager, Service Industry, Assistant Store Manager, Management, Hospitality, Sales, Retail, Property Management, Real Estate, Manufacturing, Food Industry, General Labor, Supervisor, General Manager, Moving and Storage Industry, etc. Storage-Mart, Storage Mart. 
 Experience 
Required 
 1 year(s):  Retail, Customer Service, Sales, 
Education 
Required 
High School or Equivalent or better 
Licenses & Certifications 
Required 
Drivers License 
Skills 
Required 
Ability to up-sell 
Teamwork 
Effective communication skills 
Behaviors 
Required 
 Detail Oriented:  Capable of carrying out a given task with all details necessary to get the task done well 
 Dedicated:  Devoted to a task or purpose with loyalty or integrity 
 Team Player:  Works well as a member of a group 
Motivations 
Required 
 Job Security:  Inspired to perform well by the knowledge that your job is safe 
 Flexibility:  Inspired to perform well when granted the ability to set your own schedule and goals 
 Goal Completion:  Inspired to perform well by the completion of tasks 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
