
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Hot Damn! it's a Full-time job 
 Five & Done is looking for a Creative Director in Dallas, TX, USA. 
 About 
 Five & Done is on the hunt for a digital native, obsessed with user-centric design, research, analytics, UX, UI, prototyping, systematic and beautiful visual design. 
 This role ensures the product design team is delivering creative solutions rooted in strong research and strategy, while delivering the best possible usability and stunning design. 
 Responsibilities range from meeting with clients to understand needs and requirements to working with our internal team to define, execute, and refine a creative vision. There will be some actual design involved in this role too, mixing Keynote and conference calls with Figma and Sketch. 
 Responsibilities 
- Lead all aspects of a product’s life cycle including research, concepts, wireframes, prototypes, UI, documentation, and testing. 
- Manage, mentor, and inspire the product design team. 
- Consult with project and production management teams on budget, resource allocation, and scheduling of projects. 
- Work directly with our clients to identify their needs and requirements, and then translate those into tasks for the product designers. 
- Prepare, design, and lead client presentations. 
 About You 
- You have spent part of your career focused on graphic or visual design, and part of it focused on user experience design 
- You have a solid understanding of Sketch, Figma, InVision, Photoshop, JIRA, Confluence and Keynote, and whatever is next. 
- You have at least 5 years of experience working within an agency environment and/or on consumer web applications 
- You have prior experience in a client-facing role. 
- You’re comfortable running a workshop, know what a journey map is, and are capable of leading product discussions with key stakeholders. 
- You have skill but not ego. 
- You like to get your hands dirty and can produce wireframes, user flows, prototypes, designs, and of course presentations. 
- You have a strong point of view and know-how to professionally communicate it. 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://beta.workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7618-five-done-creative-director  
 On-site required? 
 Yes 
 Experience 
 6-9 years 
 Skills 
 Art Direction, Creative Direction, Figma, Low / High Fidelity Prototyping, Product Development, Sketch, User Interviews, User Research, Wrangling - Creatives 
 Date Posted 
 October 29, 2020 
 Managed By 
 Samantha Stone 
 Perks 
 
 Retirement Plan 
 Dog friendly 
 Generous Vacation 
 Great benefits 
 Maternity / Paternity 
 No assholes 
 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
