  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Weston-Super-Mare, England 
 Rate:  £24 - £27 per hour + Negotiable 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 Band 5 RMN Block Booking Contract 
 Hi, We are currently recruiting for a Band 5 RMN to work a block booking contract at a low/medium secure service in Weston Super Mare. 
 The roll will need you to work both days and nights, and work a regular pattern. 
 Your role is to offer personal and physical support to those affected by mental health problems, and those who have a history with repetitive offensive behaviour. 
 General tasks may involve: producing care plans, moving patients, attending tribunals with patients and providing general personal care. 
 The hospital you will be working in is a secure and safe location. 
 Rates: 
Weekdays - £24ph LTD 
Weeknights - £25ph LTD 
Weekends - £26ph LTD 
Bank Holidays - £27ph LTD 
 YOU CAN USE YOUR OWN LTD COMPANY IF PREFERRED. 
 Essential skills consist of good people skills, and previous experience working with people who suffer from mental health problems. 
 We also ask for proof of Nursing Qualifications and NMC. 
 You as an employee must be flexible and committed to the role, with an engaging and respectful manner. 
 Ideally applicants will have experience working in either private or NHS funded sectors, with some experience of forensic mental health, however this is not vital and we still welcome your application. 
 The benefits of Service Care Solutions: 
 
 
 Twice weekly payroll runs 
 
 
 £250 training allowance 
 
 
 Excellent pay rates 
 
 
 Exceptional referral bonuses 
 
 
 Specialists mental health consultants offering single point of contact 
 
 
 Frequent notifications for upcoming opportunities via text and email 
 
 
 Ltd and PAYE payment options available 
 
 
 Nationwide provider of mental health staff to over 40 different NHS trusts offering mental health services and over 200 local authorities. 
 
 
 DBS disclosures provided via fast track online services free of charge. 
 
 
 We have shifts available immediately so if you have the necessary skills and experience, please apply to Isaac Swinney at Service Care Solutions calling me on 01772 208 962 now or email Isaac.swinney@servicecare.org.uk with your updated CV. 
 
 
 Start:  asap 
 
 
 Duration:  ongoing 
 
 
 Rate:  £24 - £27 per hour + Negotiable 
 
 
 Location:  Weston-Super-Mare, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Medical 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208962 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-02 14:46:33 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Commercial Services Manager 
 Compliance Support 
 SEN Caseworker Assistant 
 Administrator 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Customer Service Advisor 
 Cleaner 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Recovery Worker 
 Mental Health Recovery Worker 
 Channel Sales Manager 
 Senior Children's Support Worker 
 Social Worker 
 Talent Acquisition Coordinator  
 Recovery Worker 
 Environmental Health Officer 
 Food Safety Officer 
 Environmental Health Officer 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
