Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Property Manager General Licensee (Kitchener, on) 
 MVP Properties 
 __Ontario 
 Apply Now 
 Licensed Property Manager 
 
 
 This position is a partnership (or joint-venture) with a property management company. Located in Kitchener, Ontario, job seeker will be able to work remotely. This company currently offers rental property management, home inspections and administrative assistance to self managed condo corporations. 
 
 
 The company goal is the addition of a person who holds a General License by the CMRAO who is willing to put in the time with their presence to allow the company to be compliant with current standards to be able to offer Condominium Management Services as a Provider. Would like this position to grow with the business meaning more time and higher pay as time goes on. 
 
 
 Your duties would include some Management services for Small townhouse Condominium Corporations. 
 
 
 You Must be Licensed through CMRAO with RCM Property Management designation preferred 
 
 
 Strong organizational skills, computer and communication skills; proficient to todays current standards. 
 
 
 Company will provide support with negotiating and dealing with trades. 
 
 
 This position is perfect for someone who wants to work behind the scenes from home, looking after the accounting, banking, bills and documentation while the corporation will assist you with staff of a limited licensee capable of handling negotiation, site visits and tradespeople. 
 
 
 Part-time hours: 20 per week 
 Job Types: Part-time, Commission 
 COVID-19 considerations: 
To be safe as possible this job can be done with limited or no physical interaction with clients, trades and superiors. 
 Experience: 
 
 Condo management: 2 years (Required) 
 Property Management: 3 years (Preferred) 
 
 Location: 
 
 Ontario (Preferred) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 CMRAO General Licensee (Required) 
 
 Language: 
 
 English (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 Yes, always 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
