Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Manager, Banking Operations Advisory 
 KPMG 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 You’ve got big plans. We have opportunities to match, and we’re committed to empowering you to become a better you, no matter what you do. 
 When you join KPMG you’ll be one of over 207,000 professionals providing audit, tax, advisory and business enablement services across 153 countries. 
 With the support to do things differently, grow personally and professionally and bring your whole self to work, there’s no limit to the impact you can make. Let’s do this. 
 Overview of the opportunity: 
We are seeking a dynamic Manager to strengthen our Management Consulting practice in the Toronto office. The successful candidate will be a team lead in the delivery of client projects and will contribute to our growth primarily with clients in the GTA Banking market. 
 What you will do: 
As a Manager in our Banking Operations team, you will use your strong business acumen and be a key member of the team. You will provide expertise and knowledge for the full spectrum of client-related business activities and projects including: mortgage transformation, corporate lending, operations digitization and pricing optimization. You can leverage your strong understanding of operations, finance, and compliance/risk. You will ensure that engagements are completed on time and at-budget and provide day-to-day guidance and coaching to your team. You will support proposal development with support from Senior Leadership and work with KPMG leaders to develop thought leadership, white papers and other intellectual assets. You can develop trusted client relationships with client project managers and able to manage engagement teams of up to 3-5 practitioners. 
 What you bring to the role: 
University degree in business, management, operations, or MBA or equivalent from an accredited university. 
Experience in operations transformation within retail banking (depth in at least one of the following areas: lean, cost take out, TOM redesign) 
A deep understanding of the domains within retail and commercial banking, wealth, digital. 
7-10 years of experience working within a consulting firm with focus on top 5 Canadian banks. 
Ability to build client relationships at mid-levels – Managers, Senior Managers, Directors. 
Strong project execution skills, including leading day-to-day execution, team management in mid-level client engagement, managing project schedule, risks and timelines. 
Passionate about supporting proposals in addition to project work. 
Comfortable working at both the conceptual and the hands-on level with big-picture thinking, growth-oriented leadership skills. 
Consulting experience in considered an asset. 
 Keys to your success: 
Strong understanding of operations, finance, compliance and risk. 
Strong analytical skills to assimilate complex information with a proven ability to translate vision and strategic priorities into operational and financial realities. 
Strategic influencing skills to effectively persuade and influence peers and senior management. 
 Learn more about where a career at KPMG can take you. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
