Skip to content 
   
  La Femme Exec 
 Empowering Black Millennial Women to Own their Careers 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Who We Are 
 Black Girl Magic 
 Contact 
 
   
 Diversity & Inclusion ,  Entrepreneur ,  Founder ,  Lady Bosses ,  Millenial Lady Boss ,  Social Impact ,  Technology ,  Women in Business ,  Women in Law ,  Women in Policy ,  Women in Tech 
 Career Conversations with Camille Stewart 
 July 2, 2020   Jasmine Mbadugha 
 Camille Stewart is an attorney who is passionate about tech! She has built and scaled cybersecurity and privacy programs at many large and complex government agencies and companies. She was formerly appointed by former President Barack Obama to serve as asenior policy advisor for cyber, infrastructure and resilience policy at the expanding cybersecurity cooperation with DHS’s Israeli counterparts.  She is well versed in cybersecurity and privacy issues and has worked and created impact internationally, nationally, for major companies and for individuals. Sheared her exciting career journey with La Femme Exec: 
 **Discovering your dream career can be a daunting process for many millennials! Were you always interested in law and tech?  ** Yes, I always knew I wanted to be a lawyer and my dad is a computer scientist so technology was always present. I just didn’t know how to combine my two interests. That was and is a process. I create my role at every company or organization where I find myself. Traditional attorney roles don’t quite capture the range of issues I work on but I love identifying the gaps and creating a role that allows me to add value and make an impact in the lives of others. 
 Please tell us more about what you do and the most exciting part about your job  : The most important and exciting thing I do is protect individuals and entities from cybersecurity threats while educating them on how to be stewards of their privacy and security. I do that in a number of ways including being the Head of Security Policy for Android and Google Play where I lead security policy, election integrity, and misinformation. I also lead a national security research project for a think tank in DC, and lead and invest in organizations that empower and amplify diverse voices in the tech and national security sectors like  DINSN ,  WICyS ,  WCAPS , etc 
 
 
 
 **Do you have a career crush? ( please state her name and why) if you have one!  **I have so many! Anyone truly walking in their purpose noticed or unnoticed inspires me. Anyone who has created their own lane motivates me. Anyone that has taken a leap of faith and pivoted away from the “traditional path” encourages me to keep pushing. My career crushes create spaces for themselves and others that allow for authenticity and wholeness by bringing all of their talents, lived experiences, and competing interests to the work they’re doing. If I had to pick someone that embodies that it is Aisha Bowe. She didn’t let setbacks keep her from achieving her dream and now has her own company that is thriving and investing in the lives of your students by making STEM accessible. She is writing her story on her terms and making room for others in the process. You can here more about her story  here . My co-host and I interview a bunch of other similarly inspiring people on my podcast  Hustle Over Entitlement . 
 What is your typical work day like?  At Google, no day looks the same. My days always consist of meetings with stakeholders from different teams - from engineers to legal to partner managers. I am a translator for all the groups involved in building and evolving our mobile products. While we all work to serve and protect our users, I am an advocate for user safety. In meetings I make sure that perspective is well represented as we design and improve our products. I provide policy interpretations when something unusual happens. I counsel partners on the policy implications of their actions. My team internalizes what's going on globally from a law and policy perspective and reflects that in our work. I am often putting pen to paper writing new policies for our products based on the insights gained from working with cross-functional partners. I educate external stakeholders on our work and perspective. 
 Specifically, I lead the  Play & Android election integrity program  which works to ensure our product is not leveraged to impede global elections in any way and to prevent and mitigate disinformation. Additionally, I work on security and privacy policies like how and when developers access your phone’s permissions like  location  and your  text messages . 
 **What advice do you have for young women who want to work at the nexus of tech and law?  **Do it! Figure out the issues that interest you and learn as much as possible. When you’re well informed, get your voice out into the world on those issues, we need your unique perspective! Write, speak, blog, tweet, whatever it takes to get your voice out into the world. 
 Share this: 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Post navigation 
 Previous postWomen in Business: Meet Christina Nimely who balances her 9 to 5 alongside a beauty brand and how she is redefining the beauty industry! 
 Next postCareer Conversations with Eva Sonaike 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Tweets 
 My Tweets 
 
 
 
 Category Cloud 
 Beauty   Consulting   Consumer Goods   Diversity & Inclusion   Entrepreneur   Fashion   Finance   forbes30u30   Founder   Girls Who Code   Lady Bosses   Media & Enterainment   Mental Health   Millenial Lady Boss   millennial lady bosses   Millennials   Public Relations   Social Impact   Technology   Uncategorized   Women in Business   Women in Fashion   Women in Law   Women in Media   Women in Medicine   Women in Policy   Women in Retail   Women in Science   Women in Sports   Women in Tech 
 Copyright. La Femme Exec 2018 
 
 Follow Us 
 
  Twitter  
  Instagram  
  Facebook  
 
 Future Lady Bosses 
 Email Address: 
 Subscribe :) 
  Create a website or blog at WordPress.com  
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
