
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Decentro (S20) 
 API platform for banking integrations (Plaid for India and APAC) 
 Senior Front-End Ninja 
 $20k - $30k • 0.00% - 0.30% 
 Location 
 Bengaluru / Remote 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 3+ years 
 About Decentro 
 Almost all the fin-tech companies face a number of hidden challenges - 
 
 Making the choice of the first bank for integration and the APIs within. 
 Lack of a single POC in the banks / financial / KYC institutions to avoid running around between departments to get APIs and solutions. 
 Testing and reaching product-market fit quickly & cheaply 
 The choice of banking/financial license (if any) to go to market 
 
 Imagine the possibilities in Fin-tech if we remove >90% of the friction in the flow of money and financial data. Imagine the amazing innovations that can happen! 
 We want to be the go-to the platform where all of you can come, plug in the data, play around and launch with the desired APIs and modular SDKs to go live within days (instead of months). No need to run around and waste 5-6 months to integrate with banking/legacy BFSI / government partners. Not only that, but we also take care of the upcoming fixes, iterations, and updates without breaking any flow. 
 About the role 
 Skills:  CSS, HTML, JavaScript, jQuery, React 
 What is expected of you  - 
 
 Design and implementation of the overall frontend architecture 
 “Pixel-perfect” implementation of our approved user interface 
 Ensuring the entire stack is designed and built for speed and scalability 
 Interface and integrate with our RESTful APIs 
 Design and implementation of continuous integration and deployment 
 
 What we are looking for  - 
 
 At least 2+ years of experience writing HTML, CSS, and JavaScript. Being up to date on the latest practices is a must, e.g., HTML5, CSS3. 
 Familiarity with a relevant and globally supported framework—e.g., React, VueJs. 
 Ideally, familiarity with CSS preprocessors, bundlers, and associated languages/syntaxes/libraries - e.g., Sass, Less, and web-pack. 
 Thorough understanding of user experience and product strategy 
 Experience implementing testing platforms and unit tests 
 Proficiency with Git / Version control. 
 Appreciation for clean and well-documented code 
 
 What we offer  - 
 
 The ability for you to make an impact and lay a foundation for the upcoming financial innovations. 
 A multicultural and diverse team of colleagues from different Asian countries that speak on average 3 global languages. 
 Progressive and flexible work hours that match your personality and lifestyle. 
 
 Technology 
 We are doing the initial hard work of all those legacy integrations to customize and make the desired resources available in an extremely simple format with the highest possible automation. 
 Think of us like a custom AWS type underlying infrastructure enabling your innovations and product launches at a rapid pace. 
 What we are looking for - 
 
 At least three years’ experience with writing HTML, CSS, Python / PHP, and JavaScript. Being up on the latest practices is a must, e.g., HTML5, CSS3, Python 3. 
 3+ years of database design and management, including being up on the latest practices and associated versions 
 2+ years of server management and deployment for the relevant environment 
 Familiarity with a relevant and globally supported framework—both front-end and back-end, if necessary—e.g., React, Vue, Laravel, and Flask. 
 Ideally, familiarity with CSS preprocessors, bundlers, and associated languages/syntaxes/libraries 
 Thorough understanding of user experience and product strategy 
 Experience implementing testing platforms and unit tests 
 Proficiency with Git / Version control. 
 Appreciation for clean and well-documented code 
 
 Other jobs at Decentro 
 Compliance & Security Engineer 
 fulltime 
 Bangalore, India 
 Full Stack 
 3+ years 
 Developer Evangelist 
 fulltime 
 Bangalore, India 
 Full Stack 
 3+ years 
 Director of Engineering 
 fulltime 
 Bangalore, India 
 Engineering Manager 
 6+ years 
 Senior Back-End Ninja 
 fulltime 
 Bengaluru / Remote 
 Backend 
 $25k - $35k 
 0.00% - 0.30% 
 3+ years 
 Senior Front-End Ninja 
 fulltime 
 Bengaluru / Remote 
 Frontend 
 $20k - $30k 
 0.00% - 0.30% 
 3+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
