  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
 Software Testing 
 
 Software Testing Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance Software Testing Specialist ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/software-testing) 
 3 weeks ago 
 Looking for a Qa/Software Tester (with past experience) for a Websi... 
 Published: 3 weeks ago  Bids: 4 
 We're developing a confidential website application for computer and mobile. The theme of the website is centered around Traveling and Social Media. The objective is to achieve a bug free and UX friendly website. 
We need someone with the experience of testing given scenarios on computer, and is also capable of creating their own scenarios from a user's perspective. You should be able to document your work in a report and submit the issues according to the format required by us. You should also be familiar with task management apps such as Trello or Jira. 
 You should have the basic knowledge of the commonly used social media applications and should be able to communicate and write in English fluently. You will need to dedicate 8 hours a day, 6 days a week. 
 Once you pass the interview, we'll have you sign an NDA document and then train you on the website. We won't be paying for the hours trained. If training output is favorable, we will then form a contract with you in the coming month. 
 If you have any other questions, you could ask them in your proposal or during the interview. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Large 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  Z. I. Saudi Arabia 
 USD 250 - 500 
 2 months ago 
 Easy beta-testing for game-apps 
 Published: 2 months ago  Bids: 1 
 I want you to conduct quick-1 minute beta-testing of game apps which I will provide to you. 
This time the budget is 10USD for 20 apps as total（1 minute testing for each so total 20 minutes）. 
 You need 
1. Windows PC 
2. Google Play account（United States account or Japanese account. 
Please manage it by yourself.） 
3. Internet connection 
 You will test games 1 minute and check if it works without problem and take screenshot as proof. 
 This task is so easy and exciting if you love games. 
After completing 20 games and you want to continue, then I will provide you more games to test. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Small 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : Not applicable 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  T. Japan 
 Less than USD 50 
 2 months ago 
 Elearning app pending work need finish within 24hr 
 Published: 2 months ago  Deadline: 1 Bids: 2 
 Hello 
our app build in native android need complete android team for it which can done remaining point within 24hr please bid you can able to start now. It is a simple task of debugging and we will provide the areas to be debugged. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Apps programming. Android, iOS and others 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Small change or bug 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Required platforms  : Android 
 I need to  : Modify an existing app 
 App type  : Management - Management application (appointments, product stock, etc.) 
 Back-end is required  : Yes 
 Published by:  A. A. Kenya 
 USD 500 - 1,000 
 3 months ago 
 Qa - Software Testing - for local freelancer in Vietnam and Thailand 
 Published: 3 months ago  Bids: 5 
 They will test our Production (Web Browser | PC Download | Mobile Download | Mobile HTML5) every Monday to Friday at 11AM-5PM and Adhoc Testing Request. 
 The budget is just random, details will be discussed later. 
 - We will provide Production checklist and they will test it according to the form. 
 - Other testing (Adhoc Request) related to Payment Gateway, Product Tests (Games) and domains, etc. - We will advice them once we received any related request from other team, that need to test. 
 Requirements: 
 - Ensure the test process, complete the test tasks in a timely and accurate manner, and feedback the problems of the test process. 
 - Preferably who speaks English to easily coordinate with 
 Device required : PC | Mobile (Android | IOS) 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Medium 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : Not applicable 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  S. W. Last reply: 3 months ago  Philippines 
 USD 1,000 - 3,000 
 5 months ago 
 Sr Software Engineer 
 Published: 5 months ago  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 4 
 Are you an avid programmer ????? 
 GT is seeking a dev NET core + NodeJS + angular + SQL Server with 4+ years experience 
 Requirements: 
 Advanced-level English (Fluent/Native) 
Experience working with Azure environments (DevOps, App Service, Storage accounts) 
Experience in NodeJS and derived frameworks (4+ years) 
Experience in Angular with TypeScript (4+ years) 
SQL Server experience (Management of Stored Procedures, views) 
NET Core and Entity Framework Core experience (3+years) 
 Full time & 100% work from home opportunity!! 
Job Type: Freelance 
 ---------------------------------------------------- 
 ¿Amante de la programación ????? 
 Global Task Busca un dev NET core + NodeJS + angular + SQL Server ( 4+ anos de experiencia) 
 Excluyente: 
 Nivel avanzado de inglés (Fluent/Native) 
Experiencia trabajando con ambientes Azure (DevOps, App Service, Storage accounts) 
Experiencia en NodeJS & derived frameworks (4+ años) 
Experiencia en Angular con TypeScript (4+ años) 
Experiencia en SQL Server (Management of Stored Procedures, views) 
Experiencia en NET Core & Entity Framework Core (3+ años) 
 Full time & 100% oportunidad de trabajo remoto!! 
Modalidad de empleo: Freelance 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : Full time 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  E. Last reply: 4 months ago  Argentina 
 USD 20 - 30 / hour 
 6 months ago 
 Mobile development to compact Covid 19 
 Published: 6 months ago  Bids: 7 
 So we will be just working and looking at the COVID 19 virus features and trying to incorporate them into machinery not just an app but also a camera system we need mechanical engineers and systems developers and software developers but if you propose I am waiting for a confirmation from my investment crew. WE NEED PEOPLE MAJORING IN AUGMENTED REALITY AND ARTIFICIAL INTELLIGENCE ALSO FORMALLY KNOWN AS MACHINE LEARNING 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Apps programming. Android, iOS and others 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new app 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have an idea 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Required platforms  : Android, iPhone, iPad 
 Published by:  M. Z. Last reply: 6 months ago  South Africa 
 USD 1,000 - 3,000 
 6 months ago 
 Erp for small business 
 Published: 6 months ago  Bids: 17 
 I need an ERP for a small business. Modules include POS, inventory management, purchases (quotations, purchase orders, receiving, payment), sales (quotation requests, invoicing, delivery schedules, account statements, payment collection), human resource (payroll). 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Apps programming. Android, iOS and others 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Small change or bug 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have an idea 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Required platforms  : Other 
 I need to  : Create an app 
 App type  : Management - Management application (appointments, product stock, etc.) 
 Similar apps  : Other 
 Back-end is required  : Yes 
 Payment gateway  : No 
 Published by:  G. S. Philippines 
 USD 500 - 1,000 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
