Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Managing Director, Working Condition Program & Sunnybrook Centre for Independent Living - Regular Full-Time (202978) 
 Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 We currently have a Regular Full-Time Managing Director, Working Condition Program & Sunnybrook Centre for Independent Living in the Holland Bone and Joint Program at all our sites. 
 Summary of Duties 
 A strong visionary leader is required for this position with responsibility for the Working Condition Program (WCP at Holland Centre), Sunnybrook Centre For Independent Living (SCIL), and the Fracture Clinic. 
This individual is responsible for the development of the strategic, business and human resources plans, quality management, project management and all day-to-day operations. 
There is strong emphasis on marketing and business development; financial and human-resource management; person-centred and interprofessional care; supporting professional practice and academic activities; and team building and staff development. 
 Qualifications/Skills 
 BScPT or BScOT, preferred. 
Masters Degree in Business or related field. 
Five years management experience is preferred 
Demonstrated success in business development and marketing. 
Advanced mentoring and leadership skills, change management, conflict resolution and communications skills. 
An in-depth knowledge of WSIB and Insurance legislation, and third-party assessment and treatment practices. 
 What’s next 
 Qualified candidates are invited to submit their resume and cover letter (in one document) quoting 202978 to: Human Resources 
When submitting your application/resume, include any familiarity you have with the skills and qualifications that relate to those listed in the job posting. 
 Once you apply, we’ll review your resume and cover letter to determine if your skills and experience match the qualifications for the role. Only qualified candidates will be contacted to move forward in the hiring process. If you are contacted, the process will include one or more interviews and/or assessments and reference checks.Training and education will be provided to successful candidates if needed. 
 Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre is committed to providing accessible employment practices that are in compliance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA). If you require accommodation for disability during any stage of the recruitment process, please indicate this in your cover letter. 
 Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre is strongly committed to inclusion and diversity within its community and welcomes all applicants including but not limited to: visible minorities, all religions and ethnicities, persons with disabilities, LGBTQ persons, and all others who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
