Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 5 Easy Steps to Finishing Big Projects 
 Natasha Vorompiova    14th July    Productivity   1 Comment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=5%20Easy%20Steps%20to%20Finishing%20Big%20Projects%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fyour-job%2Fproject-management-process%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Do you feel intimidated whenever you hear the phrase “ project management ?” 
 It sounds kind of overwhelming and technical, doesn’t it? 
 But what’s even more frightening and devastating is when you’ve got a project you’ve been meaning to finish, but months keep going by and it’s still on your  to-do list . 
 You’re depriving your clients of something that could make a positive difference in their lives as well as missing out on opportunities and revenue breakthroughs. Most importantly, it’s weighing on you emotionally, making you feel guilty that you haven’t gotten around to it. 
 You have two options: forgive yourself and let go of the project or commit to completing it. 
 Seriously. 
 If the project is no longer important to you or your clients, cross it off your list. Release yourself from this burden and enjoy a light heart and clear conscience. 
 On the other hand, if it’s a project that really matters, let’s plan it out together so that you can start  taking action . 
 I promise that the following five steps will make the project management process unintimidating and even fun! 
 Step 1: Define the Project 
 Go beyond just giving it a name. Get really clear on what you are trying to do and why. Envision the end result. 
 When you define the real purpose of a project, it’s as if you are bringing a telescope into focus. Things get clearer. Your mind starts buzzing with  ideas . 
 Knowing where you want to end up is especially important at this stage. 
 Your vision for the most successful outcome helps you establish guidelines for keeping yourself on the right path. 
 Let’s look at a couple of examples. 
 Say you want to make a surprise gift for your sister as a thank you for helping you prepare 50 gift bags for one of your events. You can already picture her face glowing with happiness, feel the tight embrace of her loving hug and hear each other giggling. 
 That’s your what, why and vision. Simple, isn’t it? 
 Now let’s apply the same principle to your big event. 
 Say your event,  Little People Big Change  , is aimed at celebrating 10 kids who have collected 25,000 books to send to a school library in Kenya. 
 You can envision the official part of the event — kids walking off the stage proudly holding their awards, moms getting emotional, reporters interviewing the largest contributors. You can see all the details of the wild second part of the evening with kids running around laughing, a huge half-eaten cake, and parents chatting in little groups, moving out of the way of the running kids just in time to avoid collision. 
 So far so good, isn’t it? 
 Step 2: Brainstorm 
 Now that you have a clear vision, I bet your imagination is running wild. LET IT. Don’t edit anything out at this point. 
 Take a piece of paper and capture your ideas. Have a friend or team member? Invite them over or have a Skype  brainstorming  party. 
 What could make a nice gift to your sister? A cute little dress she’s been eyeing? A pretty necklace she admired the other day? A day at the spa? Brunch at a popular downtown restaurant? 
 For the event, your list will get a bit longer. You’ll have to think about who you want to invite, where could you hold it, who can cater your event, who’d make a great sponsor, what media outlet might be interested in covering it, etc. 
 Step 3: Organize Your Ideas 
 Once you’ve got your preliminary list of things that need to happen for each part of the project, it’s time to do a little  organizing . 
 Depending on the project, you might organize the tasks in categories (e.g. promotional activities, production, entertainment, media), divide the project in chronological stages (pre-event, event, and post event), or sequential phases (like survey the audience, create a product, promote it, follow up). 
 Take a look at your project and decide what organizational structure makes the most sense. 
 If you’re treating your sister to a day at the spa, it might be best to group your to-do items in this way: 
 
 Spa-related arrangements: the spa place options, date, treatments, reservations 
 Dinner arrangements: restaurant options and reservations 
 Miscellaneous: reschedule other activities planned for that day and arrange for the car. 
 
 For larger events, most people find it helpful to use a combination of chronological stages and categories: 
 
 Stage 1 = Pre-event: Figure out invitees, venue, props and media 
 Stage 2 = Event itself: Determine the order of topics, line-up of guests and fun activities for kids 
 Stage 3 = Post-event: Arrange  thank-you  notes, update from the Kenyan school and media. 
 
 Step 4: Schedule Your Actions 
 It’s time to put these actions on your  calendar . 
 Planning a spa day for two people is much simpler than planning an event for 50. But the principle is exactly the same — agree on the date and make sure that everything that needs to happen prior to that date happens when it needs to. 
 Working backwards from your ultimate goal is a great way to plan. 
 For example, if you and your sister agreed that you’ll be going to the spa two weeks from today, call the spa to book your treatments (as soon as you agree on the date), make reservations at a great restaurant for your post-spa dinner (3 days before), and make sure you’ve got gas in your car (the night before). 
 For large projects like events, start with a preliminary list of  deadlines . Once you’ve mapped out the milestones, share your deadlines with everyone involved. 
 Once you’ve finalized that the venue is available on the date you need it, you can take each category of tasks and assign deadlines for each component. For example, for the invitees category you’ll schedule when: 
 
 Invitations need to go out 
 The printer needs to receive them 
 You have to proof the invitations 
 You need to ensure you have addresses for all invitees 
 You must finalize the list of people you are inviting 
 
 You need a place to track all these tasks. You can use anything from a spreadsheet to  project management software . 
 Step 5: Identify the Next Step 
 We get intimidated and overwhelmed when the items on our to-do list are too vague and we’re not sure how to approach them. 
 Make steady progress on your project by establishing realistic deadlines and clarifying all of your steps. 
 Revising your project list on a regular basis and making sure that they’re completely manageable are two things that keep you on track and prevent overwhelm. 
 Your plan is a guideline, not a cage! 
 The project management process might sound intimidating, but once you learn how to approach big events the same way you approach planning a spa day with your sister, the intimidation will subside and you’ll see how easy it is! 
 What’s Your Next Step 
 Have a project in mind? What step can you make today to move it forward? 
 (Photo Credit: Ryan O'Hara ) 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 organize (33) 
 
 
 planning (45) 
 
 
 Productivity (212) 
 
 
 Project Management (10) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Natasha Vorompiova  |  Website  |  Other Articles 
 Natasha Vorompiova is the founder of SystemsRock, architect of  business systems  that work and a Certified Book Yourself Solid Coach. Her clients are small business owners who start their businesses with passion and a desire for freedom but find themselves stuck and buried in day-to-day operations. Natasha creates systems that ensure clients get more done in less time and pave the way for greater profits and long-term success. Check out the FREE  Systems Chick’s Guide to Transforming Busyness Into Business  for simple ways to grow your business. 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     A Mobile Lifestyle for a Smoother Work Life  
  _ _     Essential Email Tip: Clean Your Inbox Weekly  
  _ _     9 Tips for Balancing Work and School  
 
 Discussion 
 
 1 Comment  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 
 Paweł Komarnicki  on the 14th July 
 
 Reply   
 The most important thing when dealing with big projects is not to focus on the nitty-gritty details, but work towards the big picture first. For example, when doing big software project, first steps are to define a working foundation setup and build progressively on top of it 🙂 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
