Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 Boost Your Confidence with 1 Thing 
 Olivia Gamber    14th October    Business   Leave a Comment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Boost%20Your%20Confidence%20with%201%20Thing%20-%20https%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fyour-job%2Fhow-to-boost-confidence%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Admit it, you’re in a funk and feeling a lack of  motivation  or excitement for your career right now. 
 You rationalize that your job isn’t that bad. 
 You tell yourself you just need to pay your dues to get where you want to be. 
 When you feel like things are out of your control, it’s easy to simply ignore the problem and try to focus on football or throw yourself into fun plans with your friends. 
 If you’re honest with yourself, then you’ll realize the constant fun and ignoring the direction you are going in your life doesn’t really bring you pleasure. 
 There is a way to get out of the rut and boost your  confidence , without waiting for things to magically fall into place. 
 The Power of Progress 
 A Harvard Business Review  study found that people aren’t driven by high pressure and fear at work. People are more productive when their inner work lives are positive. 
 They perform more when they are happy, are  intrinsically motivated  by the work itself, and have a positive perception of their coworkers and the company. 
 Now, how do you achieve a positive inner work life? This leads us to the power of the Progress Principle. 
 In the Harvard Business Review study, they found people were in a much better mood after they had made small steps forward toward a goal. 
 On the flip side, those who had a rough day and a poor mood usually experienced a setback toward their goals. 
 Our brains are wired to crave rewards and quick wins. When we don’t feel any progress forward in some way, it can feel defeating. There is nothing worse than feeling  stagnant . 
 Minor Milestone Motivation Hack 
 Sometimes when you think about your goals, you imagine how good it would feel to reach a major long-term goal you have been dreaming about. These big wins are amazing, but they don’t happen very often. 
 The truth is, you can experience mood boosts from hitting small milestones that are part of the larger goal. These are  small moves  that may go unnoticed but are still necessary to make your way closer to grand prize. 
 There is one rule for the Progress Principle to work in boosting your confidence and motivation. You must find  meaning  in the work you are progressing toward. 
 For example, if you are a grocery bagger and you increase the progress of how quickly you bag groceries, then you still just see more groceries to bag. 
 That’s not very motivating, is it? 
 The first step for this principle to work is: You must identify what your  meaningful  goal will be. The overall goal must be something that you can get excited about. Don’t be afraid to think big. 
 The Power of Thinking Bigger 
 For some of you, thinking big is tough. You have your inner critic who doubts you will ever accomplish anything too significant. 
 When setting your large goal, the key is to not worry about how you will make it happen. You want to stick with a  goal that is meaningful  and exciting. 
 Let’s pretend you want to be a real estate investor. You may not even have a real estate license right now or any capital to invest. That’s OK. 
 Make one step today: 
 
 Buy a book 
 Research the process of getting your license 
 Reach out to a friend in real estate 
 
 This doesn’t have to be a huge leap, just something small that moves you forward. When you do that one thing every day, you feel the power of momentum. 
 This momentum builds your confidence because you can now see where you are going instead of focusing on being stuck in the rut you are in. You are focusing on  growth . 
 Growth toward meaningful goals is what ultimately boosts your confidence. It doesn’t matter if you are an executive or a college grad. The Progress Principle applies to everyone. 
 Making it Happen 
 Feeling stuck or stagnant in your career is deflating to your confidence. The key is to remember that you can control how you feel with your actions. 
 Don’t wait around for your manager or your company to pull you out of this rut. Take action today, and figure out what big goal motivates you. 
 Having a vision to move toward will make all the difference in your everyday  confidence  and motivation. Don’t let your self-doubt hold you back from achieving the confidence you deserve. 
 Once you figure out what big goal means the most to you, then take action today. Move forward one step and see how that makes you feel. I promise you’ll feel the power of progress. 
 The real power of the Progress Principle isn’t about the amount of progress. You don’t have to make leaps forward every day. 
 Just one small milestone. Every single day. 
 Over time, you will look back and be in awe of what you have  achieved . 
 (   Photo   by Benie Vison /   CC BY   ) 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 advancement (41) 
 
 
 confide (1) 
 
 
 how to boost confidence (1) 
 
 
 promotion (21) 
 
 
 success (24) 
 
 
 work (31) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Olivia Gamber  |  Website  |  Other Articles 
 Olivia Gamber is an organizational psychologist who helps Gen-Y professionals figure out what they want to do with their career and then make it happen. Sign up for her free   Five Day Career Breakthrough Video Course  to learn the new rules to finding your dream job. 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     5 Secrets to Sparking Your Creativity  
  _ _     5 Ways to Get Promoted at Work  
  _ _     3 Ways to Market Your Side Business While You Sleep  
 
 Discussion 
 
 0 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 No Comments yet, be the first! 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
