
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Open Rank, Tenured/Tenure-Track Position in Computer Science 
 University of Maryland, Baltimore County 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Open Rank, Tenured/Tenure-Track Position in Computer Science 
 University of Maryland, Baltimore County 
 [](mailto:?subject=Open%20Rank%2C%20Tenured%2FTenure%2DTrack%20Position%20in%20Computer%20Science&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/14191975/open-rank-tenured-tenure-track-position-in-computer-science/ "Email")  
 Application 
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 December 9, 2020 
 Location: 
 Baltimore, Maryland 
 __ Show Map 
 Employment Type: 
 Full-time 
 Organization Type: 
 Higher Education Institution 
 Preferred Education: 
 Doctorate/Professional 
 The University of Maryland, Baltimore County (UMBC)'s Department of Computer Science and Electrical Engineering (CSEE) invites applications for an open rank, tenured/tenure-track position in Computer Science (CS) to begin in the Fall of 2021. Applicants should have or be completing a Ph.D. in a relevant discipline, have demonstrated the ability to pursue a funded research program, have a strong commitment to undergraduate and graduate teaching, and a strong commitment to diversity and inclusive excellence. Candidates will be expected to build and lead a team of student researchers, obtain external research support, and teach both graduate and undergraduate courses. 
 We welcome candidates in all areas of specialization in Computer Science. Some areas of interest for applicants include but are not limited to: cybersecurity; cyberphysical and IoT systems; big data and artificial intelligence, high-performance computing; quantum computing; and graphics and visualization. 
 We are committed to inclusive excellence and innovation and welcome applications from women, minorities, veterans, and individuals with disabilities.  UMBC is an affirmative action/equal opportunity employer. 
 The CSEE department  is research-oriented and multi-disciplinary with programs in Computer Science (CS), Computer Engineering (CE), Electrical Engineering (EE), Data Science, and Cybersecurity. Our faculty (39 tenure-track, 17 teaching, and 17 research) enjoy collaboration, working across our specializations as well as with colleagues from other STEM, humanities and the arts departments, and external partners. We have more than 2,000 undergraduate CS and CE majors and more than 775 graduate students in our CS, CE, EE, Data Science, and Cybersecurity graduate programs. We have awarded 322 Ph.D. degrees since our establishment in 1986. Our research is supported by a growing and diverse portfolio from government and industrial sponsors with over $7M in yearly research expenditures. We work to help new colleagues be successful by providing competitive startup packages, reduced teaching loads, and active mentoring. 
 The College of Engineering and Information Technology (COEIT)  at UMBC crosses the boundaries of engineering, computing, and information disciplines to develop research and educational programs that engage faculty, students, and staff from all of the disciplines. COEIT is deeply committed to the success of all of our faculty. We have formal programs including “launch committees” to encourage regular and structured mentorship for faculty to start successfully, mentoring programs to provide support in the longer term, shared services for grant finance support, grant writing and editing support, monthly gatherings in which faculty share lunch and community, and we encourage all of our faculty to participate in the university’s eminent scholar mentor program to build relationships with leaders in the field beyond UMBC. You can read more about these programs and our Diversity & Inclusion initiatives on our website at  https://coeit.umbc.edu . 
 The University of Maryland, Baltimore County (UMBC)  community redefines excellence in higher education through an inclusive culture that connects innovative teaching and learning, research across disciplines, and civic engagement. We advance knowledge, economic prosperity, and social justice by welcoming and inspiring inquisitive minds from all backgrounds (  http://facultydiversity.umbc.edu  ). According to the 2020 US News and World Best Colleges Report, UMBC placed 9th in the Most Innovative Schools category and 12th in the Best Undergraduate Teaching category. To continue to support this goal, the Faculty Development 
 Center leads the Nation in supporting and guiding faculty in their educational mission with regular workshops and pedagogical demonstrations. The 2018 Chronicle of Higher Education also named UMBC as a Great College to Work For, for the ninth year in a row. 
 UMBC is a research-intensive university that is leading the world in inclusive excellence in research and teaching. We are redefining how to teach, and we are one of the most innovative universities in the Nation, according to US News. Our research is bold, cross disciplinary, and leverages our location near to the hospitals in Baltimore, NIH, NASA, NSF, and the USGS. Inclusive excellence also means being a strong community partner in Baltimore, and the UMBC Shriver Center and Center for Democracy and Civil life help forge and maintain connections. 
 Social justice is core to our role in Baltimore, Maryland, and beyond. 
 UMBC’s campus  is located on 500 acres just off I-95 between Baltimore and Washington DC, and less than 10 minutes from the BWI airport and Amtrak station. The campus includes the bwtech@UMBC research and technology park, which has special programs for startups focused on cybersecurity, clean energy, life sciences, and training. We are surrounded by one of the greatest concentrations of commercial, cultural, and scientific activity in the nation. Located at the head of the Chesapeake Bay, Baltimore has all the advantages of modern, urban living, including professional sports, major art galleries, theaters, and a symphony orchestra. The city's famous Inner Harbor area is an exciting center for entertainment and commerce. The nation's capital, Washington, DC, is a great tourist attraction with its historical monuments and museums. Just ten minutes from downtown Baltimore and 30 from the D.C. Beltway, UMBC offers easy access to the region's resources by car or public transportation. 
 As an institution that receives federal financial assistance, UMBC adheres to Title IX and does not discriminate on the basis of sex.  For more information about Title IX and contact  information for Title IX Coordinator click here. 
 Applicants  should submit a cover letter, a statement of research experience and interests, a statement of teaching experience and interests, a statement of commitment to diversity and inclusive excellence, a CV, and three letters of recommendation at  http://apply.interfolio.com/80618 .  For full consideration, please submit application materials by January 15th, 2021. Applications will be accepted until the position is filled. Please send questions to  jobsTT@csee.umbc.edu  and see  http://csee.umbc.edu/jobs  for more information. 
 
 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About University of Maryland, Baltimore County 
 UMBC is a dynamic public research university integrating teaching, research and service to benefit the citizens of Maryland. As an Honors University, the campus offers academically talented students a strong undergraduate liberal arts foundation that prepares them for graduate and professional study, entry into the workforce, and community service and leadership. UMBC emphasizes science, engineering, information technology, human services and public policy at the graduate level. UMBC contributes to the economic development of the State and the region through entrepreneurial initiatives, workforce training, K-16 partnerships, and technology commercialization in collaboration with public agencies and the corporate community. UMBC is dedicated to cultural and ethnic diversity, social responsibility and lifelong learning. 
 Connections working at University of Maryland, Baltimore County 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 More Jobs Like This 
 
 
 
 Lecturer, Full-time Temporary, School of Engineering and Technology 
 __  Tacoma, WA 
 
 
 
 
 University of Washington 
 __Today 
 
 
 Senior Consultant, Artificial Intelligence, Data Risk Analytics, Risk Advisory, London or Regions 
 __  London, United Kingdom 
 
 
 Deloitte 
 __Today 
 
 
 Java Software Engineer - Big Data - Data Analytics - Vice President 
 __  London, United Kingdom 
 
 
 J.P.Morgan 
 __Today 
 
 
 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
