Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Business Analyst (Temporary) 
 BC IMC 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 This is an 18-month temporary opportunity 
 DEPARTMENT DESCRIPTION 
 The Technology Department is responsible for developing technology solutions that contribute to the achievement of BCI’s mission and long-term goals. The department manages the Corporation’s business applications and information technology infrastructure, providing support to a large group of financial professionals. The department is also responsible for authoring technology-related directives and conducting disaster recovery planning to minimize risk to the Corporation’s delivery of investment services. 
 POSITION DESCRIPTION 
 Reporting to the Manager, Corporate Applications, the Business Analyst is responsible for researching business requirements across BCI and managing the design and implementation of IT solutions, focusing on sustainment, enhancement, agile principles and continual delivery. The Business Analyst consults with staff at all levels and in all departments of the Corporation and works closely with other IT professionals and external suppliers to deliver results. 
 QUALIFICATIONS 
 Must have: 
Bachelor’s degree in business, computer information systems, management information systems, computer science or related field 
A minimum of 3+ years working in IT sustainment or operational support roles, preferably in a financial services environment such as banking, pension funds, mutual funds, insurance, etc. 
A minimum of 2+ years experience with Agile methodology (Scrum, Kanban) and DevOps practices 
Demonstrated proficiency in Atlassian JIRA and Confluence 
1+ years using and supporting the ServiceNow suite 
Experience working with a broad range of diverse and complicated business units and the ability to influence stakeholders while effecting business change 
Proven ability to understand complex technical requirements while communicating detailed business solutions to technology teams 
Experience in business analysis, process modeling, data modeling, and project management 
Collaborates with IT and business teams, driving operational excellence, and striving for continuous improvement 
Experience working within diverse technical teams with a strong ability to effectively influence at all levels of the organization 
Proven organizational skills while working across organizational boundaries and reporting lines – ability to work in an agile or matrix environment as required 
 Preferred: 
Successful completion of the CFA Claritas Program or Canadian Securities Course 
PMP, CBAP, or other recognized certifications in project management and business analysis 
PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES 
Participate in a Scrum to coordinate user stories and tasks in support of Product Owners 
Identifies and documents business situations that would benefit from technology and/or business process improvements/enhancements. 
Documents changes to procedures, applications, and data stores using standard tools and templates. 
Conducts business analysis sessions with clients – translates business needs into technical specifications employing workflow diagrams, data analysis and joint application reviews 
Diagnoses business problems to find opportunities for improvement and researches solutions. 
Plans system enhancements and operational improvements – estimates initial and ongoing costs for purchase, development and enhancement of business applications; perform quality analysis; creates schedules; and recommends optimum use of internal and external resources 
Ensures compliance with BCI methodologies and technical standards, performs quality assurance checks and post-implementation reviews 
Develops and implements new business procedures – identifies inputs and outputs, represents processes and data flows in graphic and narrative form 
Acts as “change agent,” encouraging and advising clients on how to streamline and automate business processes 
Provides or arranges training on new procedures and applications functionality 
Undertakes special projects or assignments as required 
Performs other related duties as required 
 COMPETENCIES 
 Communicativeness 
 Effective performers clearly and articulately convey technical and other information both orally and in writing to others in a manner appropriate to the listener. They write clearly, accurately and concisely, composing project, technical and other required documentation as required. 
 High Standards 
 Effective performers possess a high inner work standard and shows pride in their work. They consistently strive to ensure work is complete within deadlines and that all work performed is of a high quality. 
 Influence 
 Effective performers are skilled at directing, persuading, and motivating others. They are able to flex their style to direct, collaborate, or empower as the situation requires. They have established a personal power base built on mutual trust, fairness, and honesty. 
 Organization & Planning 
 Effective performers have strong organizing and planning skills that allow them to be highly productive and efficient. They manage their time wisely and effectively prioritize multiple competing tasks. They follow through on tasks to ensure changes in technology are communicated effectively. 
 Results Orientation 
 Effective performers maintain appropriate focus on outcomes and accomplishments. They are motivated by achievement, and persist until the goal is reached. They convey a sense of urgency to make things happen. They respect the need to balance short- and long-term goals. They are driven by a need for closure. 
 Relationship Building 
 Establishes and proactively maintains a broad network of relationships (e.g., colleagues, co-workers, vendors, suppliers, etc.). They value these relationships and work effectively across the organization by maintaining positive working relationships with peers and others. 
 Change Mastery 
 Effective performers are adaptable. They embrace needed change and modify their behaviour when appropriate to achieve organizational objectives. They are effective in the face of ambiguity. They understand and use change management techniques to help ensure smooth transitions. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
