Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Academic Vascular Surgeon 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 No job description available 
 Job Description 
 ACADEMIC VASCULAR SURGEON McMaster University in conjunction with Hamilton Health Sciences is seeking an academic Vascular Surgeon. The Regional Vascular Program serves a catchment area of more than 2.5 million residents and has some of the largest case volumes in Canada providing comprehensive care across multiple sites: Hamilton Health Sciences, St Joseph’s Healthcare, Niagara Health Services, as well as Joseph Brant Hospital in Burlington and the Brantford General Hospital. The regional service also provides tertiary and quaternary level care to patients from other regions of the province and plays an essential role in the support of other regional programs including cardiac, trauma, surgical oncology, and renal disease and transplantation. The regional vascular service together with the Department of Surgery, McMaster University is a fully accredited Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada training program in Vascular Surgery with full involvement in undergraduate, post-graduate and continuing medical education programs. The successful candidate will be expected to demonstrate experience and training in contemporary management of vascular disease appropriate for an academic referral Centre. The successful applicant’s clinical skill set must include facility with surgical, endovascular (both aortic and peripheral), and “hybrid” interventions for arterial and venous disease. This position will provide major support to the Trauma Service; applicants with experience in limb salvage and Trauma are preferred. He/she will be expected to show evidence of interpersonal and collaborative skills and initiative to further advance the clinical and academic productivity of the regional vascular service. An academic full time appointment at the appropriate level in the Department of Surgery, Faculty of Health Sciences, McMaster University will be available to the successful applicant. A commitment and demonstrated interest in surgical education at all levels is essential, as well as active participation in research programs and academic initiatives of the Vascular Surgery Division and the Department of Surgery. It is essential that Candidates possess advanced research training and/or a track record of research success in either clinical or basic science. This position will be supporting an existing full time position and hence will begin with a 50 % clinical resource. Academic funding to support research activity will be available to the successful candidate. Applicants must have a Fellowship in Vascular Surgery, Certification from the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada, or Equivalent, and be eligible for licensure in the Province of Ontario. McMaster University is strongly committed to employment equity within its community, and to recruiting a diverse faculty and staff. The University encourages applications from all qualified candidates, including women, members of visible minorities, Aboriginal peoples, members of sexual minorities, and persons with disabilities. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply. However, Canadian citizens and permanent residents will be considered first for this position. To comply with the Government of Canada’s reporting requirements, the University is obliged to gather information about applicants’ status as either Permanent Residents of Canada or Canadian citizens. Applicants need not identify their country of origin or current citizenship; however, all applications must include one of the following statements: “Yes, I am a citizen or permanent resident of Canada” or “No, I am not a citizen or permanent resident of Canada” 
 How To Apply 
 Applications must include an up-to-date curriculum vitae, and a description of previous academic experience, as well as of specialty training. Review of applications will begin immediately and will continue until the position is filled. Submissions can be made to: 
 Dr. Susan Reid, Professor and Chair, 
 Department of Surgery, 
 Faculty of Health Sciences, McMaster University 
 Lakeview Lodge, Juravinski Hospital and Cancer Centre 
 711 Concession Street East Hamilton, ON 
 L8V 1C3 
 Email:  dosapply@mcmaster.ca 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and within the lands protected by the “Dish With One Spoon” wampum agreement. 
 The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. 
 The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity and inclusion, who will contribute to the diversification of ideas and perspectives, and especially welcomes applications from indigenous (First Nations, Métis or Inuit) peoples, members of racialized communities, persons with disabilities, women, and persons who identify as 2SLGBTQ+. 
 As part of McMaster’s commitment, all applicants are invited to complete a confidential Applicant Diversity Survey through the online application submission process. The Survey questionnaire requests voluntary self-identification in relation to equity-seeking groups that have historically faced and continue to face barriers in employment. Please refer to the Applicant Diversity Survey - Statement of Collection for additional information. 
 Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact: 
 Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247), or 
Faculty of Health Sciences HR Office at ext. 22207, or 
School of Graduate Studies at ext. 23679 
 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
