  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Warrington, England 
 Rate:  £12 - £14 per hour 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Older Adult Programme Co-ordinator 
 Older Adult Programme Co-ordinator 
 Service Care Solutions are currently recruiting for an Older Adult Programme Co-ordinator to work at a Category C men's prison, located in Cheshire. 
 The role is part time (15 hours), based across 2 days between Monday and Thursday. 
 It is a temporary position for 6 months with view to be taken on permanent. 
 Your overall purpose is to co-ordinate the delivery of the Older Adult Programme which will be a blend of Face to Face Group Work and In-Cell activity designed specifically for older offenders aged 50+. 
 You will have to work along with the prison departments, local authorities and third sector organisations who support older offenders in the region. 
 Key Responsibilities: 
 , Co-ordinate delivery of the Older Adult Programme - Group work and in-cell activity. 
, Prepare monthly timetable of activities and promote at key locations 
, Manage equal access to attendance and record 
, Measure Impact and report 
, Plan a delivery schedule, using the most appropriate delivery method, providing a consistent, quality service. 
 , Promote the engagement and retention of participants through delivery, observations and support. 
 Person Specification: 
 , Educated to at least "A" level or NVQ Level 3. 
, Teaching or training qualification (PTTLS or equivalent) or willing to work towards. 
, NVQ Level 3 or equivalent professional qualification in a relevant discipline. 
, The candidate MUST be prison cleared. 
 For more details and a full Job Description, please respond to the advert or contact Sean: sean.devlin@servicecare.org.uk 
 Due to the high volume of applications we receive, regretfully we are only able to respond to candidates who meet the criteria. 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Rate:  £12 - £14 per hour 
 
 
 Location:  Warrington, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Charities 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208 962 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2021-01-04 16:30:42 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Family Support Worker 
 Mental Healthcare Assistant – Leeds 
 Project Support Officer  
 Network Permit Officer 
 Commercial Services Manager 
 Compliance Support 
 SEN Caseworker Assistant 
 Administrator 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Customer Service Advisor 
 Cleaner 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Recovery Worker 
 Mental Health Recovery Worker 
 Channel Sales Manager 
 Senior Children's Support Worker 
 Social Worker 
 Talent Acquisition Coordinator  
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
