
 Skip to navigation 
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to primary sidebar 
 Skip to secondary sidebar 
 Skip to footer 
 
 [ 
 The Great Balancing Act 
 A blog in search of good food, good health, and a whole lot of happiness. 
 ](https://thegreatbalancingact.wordpress.com/ "The Great Balancing Act") 
 
 Home 
 About 
 #746 (no title) 
 Top Posts 
 Recipes 
 
 Breakfast 
 Main Dishes 
 Side Dishes 
 Dips, Spreads, Sauces 
 Desserts 
 Breads & Baked Goods 
 Snacks 
 
 No-Bake Protein Bars 
 
 
 
 
 Workouts 
 
 #4324 (no title) 
 #4327 (no title) 
 #4343 (no title) 
 #4331 (no title) 
 #10846 (no title) 
 #4334 (no title) 
 #11621 (no title) 
 #4348 (no title) 
 #6665 (no title) 
 #6669 (no title) 
 #6674 (no title) 
 #6682 (no title) 
 #10434 (no title) 
 #10838 (no title) 
 #10842 (no title) 
 #11618 (no title) 
 #12667 (no title) 
 #12674 (no title) 
 
 
 Restaurants 
 Links I Love 
 #35 (no title) 
 #46 (no title) 
 #153 (no title) 
 #77 (no title) 
 #140 (no title) 
 #146 (no title) 
 #155 (no title) 
 #1659 (no title) 
 #3174 (no title) 
 #4890 (no title) 
 #7242 (no title) 
 #10866 (no title) 
 
 <- On Fi-yah 
 Hooked on Endorphins -> 
 New Job, New Obstacles 
 Nov 26 
 Posted by  Susan 
 Okay, am I the only non-American who’s been oddly craving turkey and stuffing all day? :P Well, holiday or not, I hope everyone had a fabulous Thursday :D 
 Mine started off a little too early for my liking, so I went for a little comfort in a  big bowl of oat bran. 
 
 With  almond butter  and  marshmallow fluff.  Mature, yet immature all at the same time ;) 
 I triple-checked the gym schedule and made it to the right  BodyPump  class this week (after going to the wrong gym last week). I was really looking forward to it for a nice change in my routine. 
 But I have to say, this was my third BodyPump class, and I’m still not entirely sure if I like it! I  want  to like it. But I just don’t like doing the same moves for 3-4 minutes at a time. According to the  Les Mills website  a typical class is broken down to target one area for each song played. 
 
 Warmup  – a mix of all the moves using light weight 
 Legs/Squats  – barbell squats 
 Chest –  barbell presses laying on a step 
 Back –  deadlifts, rows, clean&press 
 Triceps –  skull crushers, tricep extension 
 Biceps –  curls 
 Lunges –  couple varieties, today we did it off a step 
 Shoulders –  various rotations with small plates and barbell presses 
 Abdominals –  crunches 
 Cooldown –  typical stretches 
 
 So each bullet point is the length of one song, and we only do the moves listed for the duration of the song. That’s right, I did bicep curls for 4 minutes straight. Choosing weight is really difficult too. I choose light weights so I can maintain the movement for such a long period. But it means the first couple minutes are always too easy, then all of a sudden it gets really hard and I can’t finish. I dunno, it’s just a set-up that isn’t for me. 
 Our instructor also said the typical calorie burn for the 60 minute class is 460 and I burned 220. I was hurtin’ too. Maybe if I was stronger and could push higher weights I would get a better burn. OR she’s full of BS :P 
 Aaaanyways, I did 18 minutes of HIIT on the elliptical after and called it a day. I will at least say my muscles got a good workout and will be appropriately sore tomorrow :) 
 Came home and got some protein in me asap. Starting with some protein juice, aka  PVL peach flavoured whey cooler. 
 
 And by “asap” I mean I started drinking it before I even took the picture :P It’d been a long time since breakfast! 
 Accompanied by a  bagel  with  Yves cajun chicken slices, tomato  and  swiss cheese. 
 
 NOM. Everything becomes instantly better the second you melt cheese on top. 
 I used up the last of my leftover roast chicken for dinner ( sob ) and opted for something other than a sandwich. 
 
 Chicken omelette!  I used one whole egg and a whack of egg whites, and a delicious filling of  chicken, spinach  and  laughing cow cheese.  I dusted the top with paprika, so it’s not as burnt as looks ;) 
 Then it was off to  Starbucks  for my first training shift!! This is the  third  time I’ve done the training in five years. Ugh! It’s because this is the first time I’ve ever worked for a corporate Starbucks, the other ones were licensed concepts. 
 Now, I’m not going to lie here,  I’m a little apprehensive about how being back at Starbucks will change my current lifestyle . Let me explain. 
 The last time I worked at Starbucks was Summer 2008. I was 30 lbs heavier. I would go into work and drink a giant latte and have a cinnamon roll for breakfast. Then the guys from New York fries would come over and bring us free poutines for lunch (in exchange for free frappuccinos, of course). A snack would usually consist of my own frappuccino or another latte, and then nibbles of whatever brownie or cookie we were sampling that afternoon. 
 Oh, and we’re allowed to bring the old pastries home at night. So I would come home to a freezer full of frozen muffins and scones that I’d been bringing home from work. 
 Obviously, that last stint at Starbucks was a little over-the-top, even for “Old Susan.” It’s what brought me to my all-time highest weight. I know there’s no way I’ll ever eat like that again. I’ve learned sooooo much about nutrition since then. I don’t think I ever want to put a cinnamon roll in my body for breakfast again, (hello! fat? protein? fibre?). 
 There’s also the fact that I’m going from a job where I spend 30% of the day on my feet, to a job where I spend 100% of the day on my feet. I remember what’s it’s like to work on your feet all day, it sucks. Your feet hurt, your back hurt, and you go home at the end of the day just  exhausted.  I have concerns that I may have trouble keeping up my current level of exercise when I’m running around a cafe all day. 
 With that said,  I’m determined to make it work.  Black coffee and tea are my new best friends :) I will bring in a slew of healthy snacks with me, so I can grab my own bag of homemade trail mix instead of snacking on the Starbucks packaged variety. 
 I’m going to work really hard at working out  before  my shifts, when I still have energy. I have a feeling I won’t be up for running on the treadmill after eight hours of churning out lattes at the mall on a Saturday afternoon. But maybe a stellar sweat sesh before my shift will give me the energy and stamina I need to get through it. 
 Finally,  I need new work clothes!  I looked like I was swimming in my old black pants and collared shirt tonight. I felt like a bum :P 
 Oh, and I just gobbled up this delicious snack: 
 
 Kashi peanut peanut butter bar  with an extra slathering of  PB  on top. Take that tempting Starbucks peanut butter bar, this was delicious ;) 
 Question of the day: How do you stay healthy with you current job?  Working as a reporter wasn’t easy either. Since I didn’t spend much time in the office, I always made sure I had a bag of healthy goodies on my person that I could dig into while running around. A lot of meals were eaten in the car, and snacks shoved down while rushing from one assignment to the next. My weekend shifts really tuckered me out for exercise. It’s  hard  to find the motivation to work out after an 8-hour day that started at 4:30 am. But we’ve got to find a way to make it work! :) 
 Speaking of which, I’m getting up for a 6am spin class before my reporting shift tomorrow. My bed is beckoning, lator gators! 
 Share this: 
 
 Email 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Reddit 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Posted on November 26, 2009, in  Workouts  and tagged  bagel ,  bodypump ,  chicken ,  Fluff ,  HIIT ,  oat bran ,  omelette ,  Starbucks ,  Weight Lifting ,  weight maintenance ,  work ,  Yves veggie slices . Bookmark the  permalink .  28 Comments . 
 <- On Fi-yah 
 Hooked on Endorphins -> 
 
 
 Leave a comment 
 
 
 Trackbacks 2 
 
 
 Comments 26 
 
 
 
 chasingthenow  |   November 27, 2009 at 1:10 am 
 
 Work can certainly make living a healthy lifestyle much more difficult. Working at Subway did that to me. Staring at food all day made me feel like I was hungry when I obviously wasn't since I had just eaten two hours before! Do your best with exercise and plan ahead with food! :) I think you will do just fine. You've come a long way! 
 Reply 
 
 Averie (LoveVeggiesAndYoga)  |   November 27, 2009 at 1:18 am 
 
 "With almond butter and marshmallow fluff. Mature, yet immature all at the same time"--I prefer the immature fluff any day my lady ! LOL 
 The best defense against gaining wt or unhealthy choices is a good offense. And you've already got the danger zones Well mapped out AND you have solutions. You are gonna be JUST FINE. More than fine as you recognize the temptation and are beating it to the punch. WELL DONE! 
 My prob is that I am very physically active with doing yoga, teaching yoga, etc and that I need to remember to fuel myself and not just live on water, air, and coffee and veggies. It's a job hazard of a different kind when you're really active for your work. I stay healthy by planning ahead too and bringing the right fuel with me. 
 Reply 
 
 Whole Body Love  |   November 27, 2009 at 2:07 am 
 
 I work a desk job. I try to get up and walk around as much as I can: to the copy machine, fax machine, bathroom… I also get in a kick ass workout on my longer workdays when possible. I do workout about 5 to 6 days a week so that helps. On days when I don't have school and work, I push extra hard and I have extra endurance and energy after sitting all day. Starbucks black tea rocks! I get it with no "classic" and light ice :) 
 Reply 
 
 Devan G  |   November 27, 2009 at 4:43 am 
 
 wow! yumm those bagels look awesome!! 
 everyone elses comments are right on. you know the temptation is there.. but are willing to ignore it! you are making all the right choices! and will definatly be OK!! 
 ps. 
i was totz craving stuffing all day today too 
 Reply 
 
 Lori (Finding Radiance)  |   November 27, 2009 at 11:05 am 
 
 4 minutes of bicep curls? That is insane! I understand about the wanting to like it. I kept trying kickboxing because I really, really wanted to like it, but found it just didn't work for me. 
 I don't think many people realize how tiring food service jobs can be. With all your workouts and strength you have built, I think you will probably feel better than you might expect, but the feet will take some work! That was always my sorest. 
 I sit on my butt all day now, which is something I really dislike about my job. I am just used to always moving around prior to this job, so sitting still can be a problem. 
 Reply 
 * [Susan](http://thegreatbalancingact.com) | [ November 27, 2009 at 12:27 pm](https://thegreatbalancingact.wordpress.com/2009/11/26/new-job-new-obstacles/#comment-3214)
 
 That's a good point! I'm a lot more energetic and stronger than I was when I worked there before, so hopefully a lot of the tasks will come easier to me now :) I need to get some good comfy shoes to wear though. I don't want to ruin my feet for running! :P 
 Reply 
 
 actorsdiet |   November 27, 2009 at 11:16 am 
 
 i think knowing how certain foods affect my mood/energy levels and eating to sustain a positive mental/physical state are what keeps me "on track" when i'm working really hard. hope you had a wonderful t'giving!!! 
 Reply 
 
 Emily (The Experimentarian)  |   November 27, 2009 at 11:18 am 
 
 I totally understand your worries about the change in lifestyle, but I think you've done a great job of seeing where you might struggle and that's half the battle there! I would really just try to be as intuitive as possible with your body-realizing that you WILL be more active and sometimes that may call for a less intense workout or an extra day of "rest." Also understanding that sometimes it will be ok to eat a poutine for lunch or have a treat sample. But you have changed you habits so much into healthy ones, that you are already headed in the right direction no matter what. Good luck sweetie pie! xoxo 
 Reply 
 * [Susan](http://thegreatbalancingact.com) | [ November 27, 2009 at 12:28 pm](https://thegreatbalancingact.wordpress.com/2009/11/26/new-job-new-obstacles/#comment-3215)
 
 Don't worry, I will definitely me tuning into my body more to see when I need extra rest or food. Just going to be a bit of an adjustment I guess :) 
 I can't see myself wanting to eat those poutines again (really, I don't think I can stomach them anymore). But I AM looking forward to a chocolate sample every now and then ;) 
 Reply 
 
 Susan |   November 27, 2009 at 11:38 am 
 
 I just wanted you to know , first of all I love your blog ! Second I read about your Breakfast Cookie a while ago, and never got around to trying it. Last weekend I was going through some recipes and found it and gave it a shot ! I LOVE them ! And the amount of time they keep the hunger away ! Plus the fact that they are simple to make, save time in the morning (making the night before) , and you can change them up with an edless variety of add ins , I have begun to call them Miracle Cookies ! Thanks so much for sharing ! I wish I'd tried them sooner ! 
 Reply 
 * [Susan](http://thegreatbalancingact.com) | [ November 27, 2009 at 12:25 pm](https://thegreatbalancingact.wordpress.com/2009/11/26/new-job-new-obstacles/#comment-3213)
 
 Yay! That makes me happy :D People are always scared they won't be filling, but I use the exact same measurements I do for a bowl of oats, so why wouldn't they be? (not to mention, dessert for breakfast is awesome) 
 Reply 
 
 ellie  |   November 27, 2009 at 11:48 am 
 
 I am glad it's not just me with crazy cravings for turkey and stuffing. I want to change my facebook status to a plea for leftovers being sent my way :P 
 Maybe your workouts can change? When I worked at Starbucks, I was exhausted beyond words after a shift and the thought of a long dip in a pool or a yoga class to stretch out was always tempting. As for the food- does Canadian Starbucks have healthy options? In NY, there are low fat bran muffins, multigrain bagels, protein plate (mini bagel, fruit, hardboiled egg, peanut butter pack) as well as oatmeal. Drinks: tea, coffee, mistos, sugar free syrups… Change doesn't mean 'bad', but it does mean that things might adjust a little- maybe you'll find that working out on work days needs to be toned down, or that you need to eat more frequently/slightly different foods. make some snack sized breakfast cookies :D Are you working full-time? 
 Reply 
 * [Susan](http://thegreatbalancingact.com) | [ November 27, 2009 at 12:09 pm](https://thegreatbalancingact.wordpress.com/2009/11/26/new-job-new-obstacles/#comment-3212)
 
 Hey Ellie! Yup, 40 hours a week! Not immediately though, it will be a few more weeks till I get up to those hours. I fully expect to incorporate at least one more rest day into my week and bring down the intensity of my workouts. Part of the reason why I workout so much is because I'm bored! :P But I also LOVE working out, it's seriously the one thing that keeps me going, so I'm pretty insistent on keeping it up on some level. I'll likely just have to make sure I adjust my eating to reflect my more active lifestyle now. 
 There are healthy(ish) snacks. But I rather not eat them just cause they're there ;) 
 Reply 
 
 ksgoodeats  |   November 27, 2009 at 11:49 am 
 
 I've never tried BodyPump but it sounds interesting in that you do one move for the whole song. I'd be one serious complainer towards the end of the song ;) 
 I think you're going to be just fine in your job. You have a different mentality than you did when you first worked at Starbucks. I'm going to say good luck but I really don't think you need it! You know what needs to be done to live a healthy lifestyle and your thoughts about the past prove that you're in a different place in your life - you got this! 
 Reply 
 
 april  |   November 27, 2009 at 11:50 am 
 
 I'm the same way with Body Pump.. I like it because I like having someone tell me what to do but I never know how heavy to go! 
 It sounds like you'll be just fine at your new job! I know you'll find a way to make it work! 
 Reply 
 
 kbwood  |   November 27, 2009 at 1:06 pm 
 
 oh my goodness i LOVE marshmellow fluff!! good luck with your new job :) 
 Reply 
 
 holly  |   November 27, 2009 at 2:29 pm 
 
 susan…i worked at starbucks post-weight loss, and i had the same problem. the pastries, the sugary drinks, everything! i usually just stuck to coffee and the occasional latte or vivanno drink. i mandated the pastries were just off-limits. i knew if i had one taste, i would want the whole thing. once in awhile, i would have a bite or two, but it was fine. if anything, you are going to be a calorie burning MACHINE at work. sometimes (esp. with early shifts) i was too tired to work out, but you will just have to cut yourself some slack and know you were active all day. 
 i have no doubt you will be just fine…LOVE YOU GIRL! 
 Reply 
 * [Susan](http://thegreatbalancingact.com) | [ November 27, 2009 at 3:23 pm](https://thegreatbalancingact.wordpress.com/2009/11/26/new-job-new-obstacles/#comment-3218)
 
 Holly, I laughed out loud last night when my boss told me I'd get FIVE free drinks per shift. Can you imagine!? Five lattes or frappuccinos in an eight hour span kinda makes my tummy churn :\ 
 Pastries will be off limits to me too, except maybe the oatmeal ;) I fully expect to snack on the samples we cut up and place on the counter. It's just eating the whole plate of samples that I'm worried about :P 
 Reply 
   * [chasingthenow](http://chasingthenow.wordpress.com) | [ November 27, 2009 at 8:25 pm](https://thegreatbalancingact.wordpress.com/2009/11/26/new-job-new-obstacles/#comment-3221)
 
 FIVE FREE DRINKS PER SHIFT. I'd piss myself from all the liquid! 
 Reply 
 
 Amber from Girl with the Red Hair  |   November 27, 2009 at 4:13 pm 
 
 I'm a Canadian that was craving turkey, stuffing, gravy and all other Thanksgiving related foods ALL day yesterday! Haha 
 Reply 
 
 momentanew  |   November 27, 2009 at 4:17 pm 
 
 Mmmmm the chicken omelette is GENIUS!!! 
 Reply 
 
 Bekah  |   November 27, 2009 at 8:51 pm 
 
 I work/worked/going to work in food service for probably at least the next couple years (well, I'm going to culinary school, at least, lol.) and its so hard for me too! Defnitely blogging is tons of motivation, to previous times when I worked/didn't have a blog yet. (Ahem, meaning no accountability= no one is going to notice that handful of chocolate chips I stole from the freezer) haha BUT its what I love to do! Balance and consistency is key for me. 
 But you're a different gal from a year ago. Self control and a new life is what you have now, plus a whole head of knowledge and a respect for what you eat/drink. I say you'll be juuuuust fine. ;) 
 Reply 
 
 Deb (SmoothieGirlEatsToo)  |   November 28, 2009 at 10:17 pm 
 
 I agree with everyone- you've already problem solved the issues, now its just sticking to the plan. Getting your exercise in first will be CRITICAL! 
 On the Body Pump- a trainer at the gym I know really considers it more "cardio" than weights, but I'm not sure I agree. It's endurance. And yes it's tricky about how much weight to put on. Personally, I like to go to failure- and from what it sounds like, that's exactly what you are doing. AND you're sore the next day (=it worked) and yes, you're not burning as many cals, but that's because it's a weight workout and NOT cardio. I think if you consider it weights or endurance, and arrive a little early and bang out a HIIT first for 20 minutes you'll have a stellar workout. Just my opinion, but curious to know your thoughts. 
 Reply 
 
 janetha  |   November 30, 2009 at 1:53 am 
 
 i think i would get bored with that layout.. hmm.. maybe i should try it sometime with my shuffle and just do a song each. hmmmmmm. maybe. 
 you will definitely do well at staying healthy at this job. i know you will because your habits are so different now and you honor your body and fuel it with what it needs, not with what is available! you will do great :) 
 it is easy for me to stay healthy at work because we have a full kitchen.. BUT.. i sit down all day, i need to start to move more. 
 xoxo 
 Reply 
 
 jenna  |   December 1, 2009 at 12:47 am 
 
 just found your blog and i love reading it! all your recipes are awesome :) can't wait to give them a try! 
jenna 
 Reply 
 
 Lara (Thinspired)  |   December 1, 2009 at 9:20 pm 
 
 I meant to comment on this last week when you posted it! 
I KNOW you will figure out your rhythm with this new job. You have learned so much about your personal nutrition and what works for you since the last time you worked at Starbucks. I am sure it will come a lot easier than you think! 
 I am so excited for you with all the new things that are happening! 
 Reply 
 
 
 Pingback:  Hooked on Endorphins « The Great Balancing Act 
 
 
 Pingback:  Job-a-holic « The Great Balancing Act 
 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 
 Subscribe 
 
 
 Daily posts to your inbox. 
 Join 466 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 
 
     
 
 
 Welcome! 
 
 
 My name is Susan, I'm a 20-something living in Atlantic Canada and this is my blog about... me. I used to blog about food and fitness, but that all changed in June 2011 when I was diagnosed with Hodgkin's Lymphoma. After six months of chemotherapy, I was declared cancer-free in January 2012. I now write about anything and everything as I stumble through my post-cancer world. I'm a trained journalist currently working as a writer/researcher. I also have a background in personal fitness training and nutrition. Welcome to my piece of the internet! 
See my  About  page or  Top Posts  page for more. 
 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 E-mail me at: thegreatbalancingact@gmail.com 
 Due to my current illness, please be patient for responses to e-mails and comments. If anything is urgent, please let me know! 
 To companies: I only review and feature products available in Canada. 
 
 
 Sponsor 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 New Blog 
 The Beginning 
 Hello? 
 Carry That Weight 
 The Best Kind Of News 
 
 
 
 Top Posts 
 
 Starbucks For Dummies - The Tutorial 
 Peanut Butter Hummus One can garbanzo beans/chickp… 
 Waffle Wednesday - An Ode to Waffles 
 Lungs 
 
 
 
 Looking For Something? 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 
 
 
 November 2009 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 
 
 9 
 10 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 
 
 16 
 17 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 
 
 23 
 24 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 
 
 30 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 « Oct   Dec » 
 
 
 * Archives
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 
 October 2012 
 
 
 July 2012 
 
 
 April 2012 
 
 
 February 2012 
 
 
 January 2012 
 
 
 December 2011 
 
 
 November 2011 
 
 
 October 2011 
 
 
 September 2011 
 
 
 August 2011 
 
 
 July 2011 
 
 
 June 2011 
 
 
 May 2011 
 
 
 April 2011 
 
 
 March 2011 
 
 
 February 2011 
 
 
 January 2011 
 
 
 December 2010 
 
 
 November 2010 
 
 
 October 2010 
 
 
 September 2010 
 
 
 August 2010 
 
 
 July 2010 
 
 
 June 2010 
 
 
 May 2010 
 
 
 April 2010 
 
 
 March 2010 
 
 
 February 2010 
 
 
 January 2010 
 
 
 December 2009 
 
 
 November 2009 
 
 
 October 2009 
 
 
 September 2009 
 
 
 August 2009 
 
 
 July 2009 
 
 
 Baking 
 
 
 Buster 
 
 
 Cancer 
 
 
 Challenges 
 
 
 Fitness Friday 
 
 
 Food For Thought Sundays 
 
 
 Fun 
 
 
 Goals 
 
 
 Health 
 
 
 Injury 
 
 
 Lessons Learned 
 
 
 Move It Monday 
 
 
 Music 
 
 
 Pets 
 
 
 Recipes 
 
 
 Restaurants 
 
 
 Reviews 
 
 
 Uncategorized 
 
 
 Videos 
 
 
 Waffle Wednesday 
 
 
 Weekend Wisdom 
 
 
 Weekly Eats 
 
 
 Weight Loss 
 
 
 Will It French Toast? 
 
 
 Workouts 
 
 
 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
