Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Gift Shop Manager 
 RUH Foundation 
 __Saskatoon, SK 
 Apply Now 
 The Gift Shop Manager is accountable for the day to day operations and management of RUH Gift Shop through the development of and implementation of systems for maximizing sales, financial management, inventory control, computerized inventory management, good public and staff relations including volunteer and sales associate supervision and coordination. The Gift Shop Manager is responsible for training and supervising Gift Shop Volunteers and Sales Associates. The Manager works closely with the Manager, RUH Volunteer Services in recruiting volunteers. 
 The Gift Shop Manager will report most directly to the Chief Financial Officer with ultimate accountability to the CEO of the Foundation. 
 The Gift Shop Manager will oversee the operations of RUH Foundation Gift Shop located in the mall of Royal University Hospital. You are responsible for the Gift Shop’s success through developing and maintaining systems and processes for ordering, receiving, tracking and pricing merchandise to ensure a well-stocked shop with unique, appealing and saleable items. You will attend to and ensure the safety and confidentiality of customers, volunteers and colleagues and maintain a positive working environment for all. You will display a customer focus, appreciation for others and diplomacy. Your retail management, customer service and interpersonal skills along with your ability to inspire others and work as a team will serve as hallmark competencies. 
 Please visit ruhf.org/about-us/careers/ for the full job posting and to submit your application. 
 Application deadline: 2020-11-23 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Salary: $56,150.00-$75,200.00 per year 
 Benefits: 
 
 Company pension 
 Dental care 
 Disability insurance 
 Extended health care 
 Life insurance 
 Paid time off 
 Vision care 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 Experience: 
 
 customer service: 5 years (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
