  
 
 Jobs 
 Features 
 Newsletter 
 Login 
 
 Talent  Startup 
 I am a 
 Jobseeker Talent 
 or a 
 Hiring Startup 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign up using linkedin   __ 
 Hello 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign in using linkedin   __ 
 Employers  __ 
 Employers  __ 
 __filters __search 
 Filter by category 
 All Jobs Developer Jobs Marketing Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Manager Jobs Customer Support Jobs Sales Jobs Data and Product Jobs Internships Co-Founder Roles Designer Jobs People and Other Jobs 
 Filter by type 
 full-time part-time freelance 
 Advanced Search 
 search jobs __ 
 Partnership Manager, Industry Partners 
 at FutureLearn Ltd 
 go back to People and Other Jobs 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 
 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 ABOUT THE ROLE 
 The purpose of this role is to work closely with FutureLearn’s key industry partners in delivering a set of commercially successful qualifications, such as ExpertTracks, microcredentials and short courses that are built to high standards and in innovative ways, on the FutureLearn platform. You will also be expected to provide consultancy support to partners, capitalising on our insights, marketing and product teams for support, in the advancement of their broader digital strategies. 
 The core aim of the role is to ensure FutureLearn remains a trusted and effective partner in helping each industry partner deliver marketable digital materials to either internal audiences or externally facing global audiences, to a high standard, and in support of the wider digital transformation of the organisation. Additionally, a key focus is to ensure that partners and FutureLearn are achieving their strategic goals together. 
 You will be a critical member of the industry partner group and, in addition to supporting a roster of assigned partners, will collaborate with the team to provide support across all industry partners. Key criteria for success include a strong working knowledge of digital trends and developments in the corporate and organisational training areas. You will work with senior managers and digital teams at corporate organisations to advise on the selection, promotion and delivery of programmes and qualifications, either blended or fully online. You will collaborate with internal teams at FutureLearn to deliver the full suite of products and services available to partners. You will also provide support to the wider activities of the Partnerships team. 
 KEY RESPONSIBILITIES 
 
 Understand the strategy and priorities of the key partners and build strong relationships with key stakeholders throughout partner organisations 
 Develop a joint strategic/account plan to guide the relationships and provide focused goals. 
 Manage and extend commercial relationships within FutureLearn’s highly valued accounts, enhancing performance of existing activity and identifying new opportunities. Retain and grow the partnerships to their maximum potential and achieve company financial targets. 
 Understand the target audience for the Partners’ offering and develop strategies to meet the learners needs 
 Be recognised as the Partner’s internal advocate, ensuring that the teams meet and exceed the Partner’s expectation 
 Develop, present and discuss rich data and analysis to help identify programmes with high commercial potential for the university partner and FutureLearn 
 Understand the potential of the FutureLearn platform and fully leverage its capabilities for the benefit of the partners 
 Keep abreast of developments in the Higher Ed and / or Industry sectors in the global and UK region and become a trusted support for our university partners so that they better understand digital learning trends 
 Monitor and support the implementation of significant programmes being delivered by university partners on FutureLearn.com 
 Ensure that partners are aware of, and draw upon, the full range of services available from FutureLearn 
 Ensure a high level of partner satisfaction 
 
 Requirements 
 
 Over five years of experience in building strong partnerships (account management / business development), preferably with industry, professional training and technology organisations 
 Experience of identifying and negotiating commercial transactions such as contract renewals 
 The ability to discuss market insight with partners to support choices around course selection and promotion, drawing upon insight and expertise in the team 
 A working knowledge of commonly used digital approaches in content delivery at leading global organisations 
 Self-motivated, organised and able to work under pressure to deliver against performance targets 
 A passion for education, learning and digital delivery 
 Able to set and achieve growth and performance targets for partner success 
 Experience of presenting to senior level groups to deliver key messages and handle questions effectively 
 Naturally collaborative in a multi-disciplinary team, flexible to changes and specific direction, whilst maintaining a positive attitude 
 Masters Degree in a relevant subject preferred 
 
 Benefits 
 
 Competitive salary 
 28 days holiday (plus 8 days public holiday) 
 Buy & sell up to 5 days holiday 
 Westfield Healthcare Cash Plan 
 Free access to Calm app 
 Dedicated personal learning & development budget 
 Charity day (volunteer for a charity of your choice) 
 Cycle to work scheme 
 Season Ticket loan 
 Flexible working environment/hours 
 Pension (4% employer / employee contribution) 
 Perkbox discounts 
 
 ABOUT FUTURELEARN 
 FutureLearn is a leading social learning platform formed in December 2012 by The Open University and is now jointly owned by The Open University and The SEEK Group. FutureLearn has over 10 million people signed up worldwide. FutureLearn uses design, technology and partnerships to create enjoyable, credible and flexible short online courses, microcredentials, as well as undergraduate and postgraduate degrees that improve working lives. It partners with over a quarter of the world’s top universities, as well as organisations such as Accenture, the British Council, CIPD, Raspberry Pi and Health Education England (HEE). It’s also involved in government-backed initiatives to address skills gaps such as The Institute of Coding and the National Centre for Computing Education. 
 Applications 
 Please use our online form by pressing 'Apply for this job' below, including your CV and a cover letter telling us why you'd like to come work with us. 
 Please note this role will be a remote role whilst FutureLearn's office is closed. Once the office is open again this role will be a full time, office based role. 
 Recruitment Process 
 Please contact jobs@futurelearn.com if you require any reasonable adjustments or alterations to be made, to support you through the recruitment process. 
 Diversity Statement 
 We value all the great benefits that diversity brings and encourage everyone to bring their whole self at work, regardless of gender, religion, ethnicity, sexual orientation, age or disability. 
 COVID19 
 We encourage freelancers and people who have been made redundant as a result of COVID-19 to apply for opportunities at FutureLearn. We believe that in these difficult times, good employers have to rise to the occasion and play their part in the community. At FutureLearn, we take care of each other. 
 Published at 2 Jan 2021 - Expires on 26 Mar 2021 
 You need to be logged in to apply.   Login  or  create an account . 
 Is this job ad fake? Report it! 
 ×  Warning! 
 __get the latest startup jobs emailed to you 
 Developer Jobs Designer Jobs Internships Marketing Jobs Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Co-Founder Roles Data and Product Jobs People and Other Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Customer Support Jobs 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;  
 and 
  Privacy Policy  
 and Cookie Use. 
 New Jobs Alert created! 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;   
 and 
  Privacy Policy   
 and Cookie Use. 
 other jobs at  FutureLearn Ltd 
 fulltime  Paid Media Manager  at FutureLearn Ltd in London 
 __14-10-2020 
 fulltime  Social Media Content Creator  at FutureLearn Ltd in London 
 __26-11-2020 
 fulltime  Social Media Manager  at FutureLearn Ltd in London 
 __26-11-2020 
 fulltime  Technical Architect (Front-end)  at FutureLearn Ltd in London 
 __24-12-2020 
 fulltime  Software Engineer  at FutureLearn Ltd in London 
 __24-12-2020 
 fulltime  Information Security Manager  at FutureLearn Ltd in London 
 __24-12-2020 
 fulltime  Senior Product Manager / Product Manager - Consumer and Acquisition  at FutureLearn Ltd in London 
 __09-01-2021 
 fulltime  Senior Product Manager / Product Manager - Learning and Supply  at FutureLearn Ltd in London 
 __09-01-2021 
 fulltime  Senior Digital Product Designer  at FutureLearn Ltd in London 
 __19-01-2021 
 fulltime  Course Delivery Coordinator  at FutureLearn Ltd in London 
 __20-01-2021 
 fulltime  Partnership Manager, UK Higher Education  at FutureLearn Ltd in London 
 __22-01-2021 
 fulltime  Digital Product Copywriter  at FutureLearn Ltd in London 
 __26-01-2021 
 
 
 * [Terms of Service](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/terms)
 
 
 Privacy 
 Cookie Policy 
 Acceptable Use Policy 
 Still Hiring 
 
 
 
 * [About Us](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/about)
 
 
 FAQ 
 Cities 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 * [__Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/workinstartups/)
 
 
 __Twitter 
 __Instagram 
 Blog 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Work In Startups 
 This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  Read more  Close 
