Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Cabinet Assembler 
 Rodina Cabinets Ltd 
 __Stony Plain, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Rodina Cabinets strives to be the very best we can be to our clients and our team and as such are looking for a talented and passionate Cabinet Assembler to join our team 
 Are you this individual? If so, if you answer YES to all the question below, this opportunity maybe the one for you! 
 
 Do you have an eye for detail? 
 Are you focused on Building cabinets that are both practical and aesthetically pleasing? 
 Do you have the problem-solving skills to deal with day-to-day issues as they arise? 
 Are you comfortable working alongside other members of a team including Sales, clients, and Designers? 
 Are you driven by the practical results, you achieve by maximizing your efficiencies in terms of time and resources? 
 
 Did you answer  YES  to all the above? Then please read on! 
 WHAT YOU CAN EXPECT TO BE DOING WHEN YOU START WITH RODINA CABINETS: 
 Your first 6-months with Rodina will look like this: 
 
 We Take Pride in our Completed Kitchens. You will begin learning what to look for in a quality product, and how to deliver this Quality to the customer 
 You will assist our lead Assemblyperson in the building of cabinets. 
 You will learn our procedures for wrapping cabinets and prepping for delivery 
 
 The next 6-12 months with   Rodina   will look like this: 
 
 You will take a more prominent role in the Assembly position, completing projects on your own 
 You will have learned what to look for in a quality product, and will be growing your skills 
 
 Assuming you like what, you’ve read so far, we have one more item for you to consider. Do you have the following qualification and experience? 
 
 Willing to learn new skills. 
 Strong people skills. 
 Able to clearly communicate in a positive manner. 
 Strong knowledge of the Kitchen cabinet industry. 
 Able to read blueprints and drawings. 
 Skilled working with hand tools 
 Comfortable meeting deadlines 
 
 If you found this opportunity to be something that excites you, we would love to see your resume and potentially meet you face-to-face for an interview. Good luck! 
 Reference ID: 001 
 Part-time hours: 20-44 per week 
 Job Types: Part-time, Permanent 
 Salary: $16.00-$19.00 per hour 
 Benefits: 
 
 Company events 
 Extended health care 
 On-site parking 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 Day shift 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Cabinet Assembly: 2 years (Required) 
 
 Education: 
 
 Secondary School (Preferred) 
 
 Location: 
 
 Stony Plain, AB (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
