Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Seasonal Facilities Associate ( 5am availability 7/week) 
 Old Navy - Cross Iron Mills 
 __Rocky View, AB 
 Apply Now 
 At Old Navy, we’re passionate about bringing fun and fashion to absolutely everyone. It takes an amazing team to make it happen. That’s where you come in. As a Seasonal Sales Associate, you’ll be a big part of our team, helping our customers stock-up on their favorite fashionable finds and the perfect presents for everyone on their list. Your energy, talent, and skills will help us succeed during one of the most exciting times of the year. If you're ready to be part of our magic formula of festive, fun, family and fashion, we're looking for you. 
You will fit in well at Old Navy if: 
 
 You are passionate about fashion, apparel and our products 
 You are excited to bring your creativity to every situation 
 You bring a positive attitude and passion to learn and grow every single day 
 You are confident in your ability to innovate and find new ways to showcase style 
 You are passionate about challenging yourself to do new things that have never been done before 
 You are dedicated to live life unexpectedly and have fun along the way 
 You are motivated to grow in your career within the Gap Inc. family 
 You are excited about our discounts across Gap, Old Navy, and Banana Republic 
 
 Facilities Associate responsibilities include but are not limited to, 
 - Maintaining the store from a Cleanliness perspective. 
 - Dusting 
 - Sweeping 
 - Mopping Floors 
 - Ensuring Cleanliness of the Restrooms. 
 - Ensuring the Cleanliness of the Staff Room. 
 - Ensuring the cleanliness of the Fitting Rooms and Cash Wrap 
 - Cleaning Windows 
 - Changing Lights 
 - Maintaining an inventory of Cleaning Supplies and communicating needs to the Manager. 
 Additional Requirements 
 - Strong attention to detail and passion for cleanliness 
 - Ability to lift 50 lbs 
 - Comfortable climbing on Ladders up to 10ft tall 
 - Comfortable changing light-bulbs 
 - Previous Cleaning Experience is an asset 
 Job Types: Part-time, Temporary 
 Salary: $15.00 per hour 
 Benefits: 
 
 Casual dress 
 Employee assistance program 
 Store discount 
 
 Experience: 
 
 facilities/ cleaning : 2 years (Required) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
