WORK WITH INDIES beta 
 Browse Jobs 
 Art & Animation 
 Audio 
 Business & Operations 
 Design 
 Marketing & Community 
 Production 
 Programming 
 QA & CS 
 Writing 
 Post a Job 
 Back to all jobs See allArt & Animationjobs 
 Pixel Animator 
 Team Beauty Cult Apply for this Job 
 Posted 
 December 18, 2020 
 Contract 
 Anywhere 
 Remote 
 $50k year + Revshare 
 We are looking for a character animator to help grow our team! 
 Team Beauty Cult is a small distributed games studio that's an evolution of SUPERSCARYSNAKES. As SUPERSCARYSNAKES, the team released Black Future '88 to critical acclaim in 2019 on Steam and Nintendo Switch. We are working on an ambitious and genre-bending new project, and realized it's time to grow up the business into an employee owned co-op. 
 We welcome applicants from a variety of backgrounds and levels of experience, and are ready to dedicate the necessary amount of time to onboarding as needed. We recognize that members of marginalized communities often face challenges when it comes to gaining experience in the gaming industry, and we want to make our hiring process as equitable as possible. 
 This position will be full-time remote, but will include occasional event travel as soon as Covid-19 restrictions are lifted. 
 ‍ 
 Responsibilities:  ‍ 
 
 Player Character animations 
 Creature and Boss animations 
 NPC Animations 
 Working close with other artists to provide and implement feedback to ensure the best looking game possible 
 
 ‍ 
 Requirements:  ‍ 
 
 Aseprite experience 
 Basic Unity Engine experience 
 Excellent knowledge of animation principles and anatomy 
 Excellent communication, interpersonal and critique skills 
 Strong Organizational and note taking skills 
 
 ‍ 
 Nice To Haves:  ‍ 
 
 Expressive and weighty animation 
 General flexibility between all aspects of game art and animation 
 Any significant experience in a core game development skill that isn’t art related (Game Design/SFX/Narrative/Level design) 
 
 ‍ 
 ‍  Benefits: 
 We believe that to make cutting-edge and museum-grade art, we need to invest in our workers: therefore we offer revshare to all employees and we have a strict no crunch policy. As a worker-owned co-op, all employees recieve the same pay and benefits. We are currently 2 people and would like to grow the team to 4 full time members. Base salary: 50k USD / Year Ownership: Equity shares granted after 6 month contract period. 
 ‍ 
 Apply: 
 If you're interested, please send your CV to  hello@teambeautycult.com  and include the job title that you're applying for in the subject line. Also include: 
 
 Why you'd be a good fit for Team Beauty Cult 
 Work Examples 
 Your earliest start date 
 
 ‍ 
 Equal Opportunity Employer: 
 Team Beauty Cult does not discriminate against any employee or job applicant because of race, colour, religion, national origin, cultural group, sex, gender, physical or mental disability. 
 ‍ 
 About Black Future '88: 
 Black Future ’88 is a Synth-Punk roguelike 2D action shooter published by Good Shepherd Entertainment. Vertically climb an always evolving procedural tower to reach the top and kill its insane owner…before your heart explodes. Shoot, slash, dash and upgrade yourself to survive the endless waves of Homicidal AI, Traps & Colossal Wardens. 
 
 Awards: MIX E3 Judge's Pick Sidequesting.com: Team Choice Award Techraptor: Best of E3 Bit Awards: Game of the Year Nominee, Best Style Nominee GamesRadar: Best of Pax Nominee 
 Shown at: Indie Megabooth, Dreamhack, PAX East/West, Day of the Devs, E3 
 Covered by: Kotaku, Rock Paper Shotgun, Variety, PC Gamer, 80 Level, IGN, Destructoid, Gamespot, Games Radar, Tech Raptor, Polygon, Engadget 
 
 ‍ 
 ‍ 
 Our Manifesto:  ‍ 
 Video games are a unique medium with a distinct cultural voice, but for too long the leading stories have alternated between labor abuse of dev teams, obscene executive pay, and culturally homogenous studios. 
 If we believe that video games can be art, team diversity has value, and investment in labor pays future dividends: then we need to manifest that change at the studio level. 
 The Beauty Cult pledges to be a worker-centric studio, to invest in equity initiatives as a local, studio and industry level, and to always make interesting games that push the boundaries of art in video games. 
 We strive to explore the bleeding edge of what video games can be. 
 Apply for this Job 
 related jobs 
 Lazy River is hiring a 3D Animator/Riggerto join their team into work fromAnywhere3D Animator/RiggerLazy River | AnywhereLearn More 
 uvula is hiring a 3D Environment Artistto join their team into work fromAnywhere3D Environment Artistuvula | AnywhereLearn More 
 inkle is hiring a Hand Drawn Animatorto join their team into work fromAnywhereHand Drawn Animatorinkle | AnywhereLearn More 
 KO_OP is hiring a 2D Background Artistto join their team into work fromCanada2D Background ArtistKO_OP | CanadaLearn More 
 Roboto Games is hiring a UI Artist/Generalistto join their team into work fromAnywhereUI Artist/GeneralistRoboto Games | AnywhereLearn More 
 Hipster Whale is hiring a UI/UX Artistto join their team into work fromAnywhereUI/UX ArtistHipster Whale | AnywhereLearn More 
 Indie games are wonderful. So are the people that make them. 
 Make wonderful games. Be wonderful people. Work With Indies. 
 Thank you for joining the Work With Indies newsletter! The next issue will arrive on Sunday. 
 Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again. 
 *Sign up to receive a weekly digest of new indie career opportunities. 
 WORK WITH INDIES 
 We’ve been lucky to have some incredible jobs working at and partnering with some of the biggest brands in video games. 
 But we’ve never had more fun and been more fulfilled than when we were working with indie game developers. 
 Everyone in games should have that much fun. 
 Our hope is that Work With Indies will connect job seekers with the most rewarding, most inspirational, and most fun jobs they've ever had. 
 NAVIGATION 
 
 Post a Job 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 RSS 
 Communities 
 Nick's Cat 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 
 nathan@workwithindies.com 
 twitter.com/workwithindies 
 facebook.com/workwithindies 
 
 ^ 
 Made by 
 @natethenate 
 and 
 @nsuttner 
 for people who 
 indie games. 
 © 2021  A Lot of Happy LLC 
