Skip to content 
     
 Lola's Curmudgeonly Musings 
 Tag: jobs 
 “Nulla dies sine linea." (Never a day without a line) ~ Horace 
 Published on  October 29, 2009October 29, 2009  by  Poietes 6 Comments 
 
 Vintage Advertisement for Waterman 's Fountain Pen 
 “Many people hear voices when no-one is there. Some of them are called mad and are shut up on rooms where they stare at the walls all day. Others are called writers and they do pretty much the same thing.” ~  Author Unknown 
 Not a whole lot going on at the homestead. 
 Corey went to an open house for MSC (Military Sealift Command) today, only to find out that they haven't had any available deck positions for over a year. He said that the place was packed and that most of those in attendance had no experience at all. I know that it is quite discouraging for him to go to these things only to find out that there are no jobs. Besides, why are they having an open house if they don't have any positions. Does this make sense? 
 We haven't heard anything else from the shipyard, and as I said, that process could take months. Vane Brothers hasn't gotten back to him either, although the man with whom Corey has been in contact did say that he was passing Corey's detailed work experience on to the General Manager. I don't even know if that means anything any more. It used to be that when you heard something like that from an employer, it was a very good sign, but not these days in this economy. 
 I think that I've finally gotten things straightened out with my retirement account. I had hoped that I wouldn't have to take anything more out of my account, but I will probably have to continue to make withdrawals for the time being. With a 24 percent tax penalty each time, that's a hefty loss right off the top for any withdrawal that I make, but we really don't have any other choices left. 
 When I spoke to the representative with whom I have been in continuing contact, he told me that Denver had just been hit with a huge snowstorm, so the TIAA-CREF offices may be closing early. He didn't seem very amused when I told him that it was 75 degrees here. Oh well. Glad that I don't live in Denver. I'm not ready for snowstorms, not that we ever really get them in this area any more. 
 “You can’t write a personal column without going to some very deep place inside yourself, even if it’s only for four hours. It’s almost like psychotherapy, except you’re doing it on your own." ~  Jennifer Allen, essayi  st 
 Just spending my time rereading some old books by Ann Rule. These aren't as interesting as the ones that I read over the weekend, but they are better than nothing. 
 Other than that, I really don't have a whole lot to say. I need to finish some paperwork for Virginia Social Services to see if I qualify for Medicaid. If I do, then some of my back balances with my doctors may be taken care of, which would be one load off my mind. With any luck, I may get some help with prescriptions as well, which would be really great since my prescription coverage is still screwed up, and we are having to pay full price for my prescriptions. As a result, I am not taking all of my meds, which I am sure is affecting the whole headache scenario. 
 It's just a never-ending cycle. 
 Yesterday, Eamonn asked if he could borrow a few dollars. I had to laugh. I told him that I have precisely 12 cents to my name. I'm not sure what he is doing with the money that he is earning, but at least we don't have to pay for his gas. He said something about waiting until next year to start school. I hope that it was just a passing comment, because I know from experience with Alexis that the longer he waits to begin, the greater are the chances that he won't start at all. That would really be a shame. 
 Alexis kept saying that she would start one day, but that day has never come. All of her friends who went to college have already graduated and gotten jobs. I know that college isn't for everyone, but I think it's a shame when someone is definitely smart enough to go to college, and they don't, but it has to be her decision. 
 "Some writers in the throes of writer's block think their muses have died, but I don't think that happens often; I think what happens is that the writers themselves sow the edges of their clearing with poison bait to keep their muses away, often without knowing they are doing it." ~  Stephen King 
 Anyway, it's a chilly fall day with no sunshine, one of those kinds of days that make staying inside a good option. I'm really hoping that we can do something about the heat this winter, but I'm not going to allow myself to get starry-eyed with belief in wild scenarios. Heat. Wild scenario. My, I've come a long way. 
 As it is, the vet that we took Tillie to for her first seizure is getting pretty nasty about the amount owed. They've slapped on so many fees that we now owe over twice as much as we owed in the beginning. Try to imagine your highest vet's bill—now double it. That's what we're talking about. 
 I would really like to start something with Consumer Credit Counseling Service (CCCS), a non-profit service that helps people to consolidate and pay off their bills, but we don't have the extra monthly income to even start something like that. CCCS is not like a lot of debt-consolidation companies. They are recognized by the Better Business Bureau, and they charge a minimal monthly fee for their services. However, once you start the program, it is very important that you make the monthly payment that has been negotiated with your creditors on your behalf; otherwise, the process is all for naught. Right now, it is too premature to agree to any kind of payment plan with anyone. 
 I've been reading the news, and the number of people who are having to file for bankruptcy is increasing each month. That is really something that I just do not want to do. It seems like total surrender, and I don't want to consider that as an option. I know that there are a lot of irresponsible people who file for bankruptcy as a way to wipe the slate clean, and then they begin to accumulate debt all over again. But there are just as many people out there who are filing for bankruptcy because they just don't have any other way out. 
 It's sad really. A recent report in  USA Today  cited that the number of bankruptcies is up 22 percent over last year. By the end of the year, estimates are that 1.45 million consumers will have to file, with job loss being listed as the primary reason for filing. For  2009 , Virginia ranks 23rd overall for bankruptcies filed. Nevada, Tennessee, and Georgia rank first through third, in that order. 
 The economy continues to be scary, and the job situation continues to be depressing. Not just for us but for millions of people. 
 "Every writer I know has trouble writing." ~  Joseph Heller 
 Other than those little tidbits, I don't have much to say, which in itself is disheartening. I had really hoped to be back to my daily blogging by now, but there are some days in which I just have absolutely nothing to say. I sit down to write and just stare at the screen. Then I open a game like Mah Jong or Spider Solitaire and play that for a bit. 
 It's underwhelming, at best. I mean, how long can I continue to write about my dogs, the economy, the money situation? I'm getting bored with what I write, so it's only logical that people would find my posts boring to read. Hence, I don't post. 
 I mean, I have been reading some really outlandish stuff on the political front, but even that isn't motivating me to post. Maybe it's just seasonal, or the continuing ache in my head, or the fact that it's not even November, and I'm cold. But whatever it is, I hope that is passes soon, because I enjoy writing, just not when I continuously repeat myself. 
 I'll finish with a very descriptive quote that I found; it's by Stephen King, whose writing I don't always like, but I do like an awful lot of what King has to say about the writing process: 
 There is indeed a half-wild beast that lives in the thickets of each writer's imagination. It gorges on a half-cooked stew of suppositions, superstitions and half-finished stories. It's drawn by the stink of the image-making stills writers paint in their heads. The place one calls one's study or writing room is really no more than a clearing in the woods where one trains the beast (insofar as it can be trained) to come. One doesn't call it; that doesn't work. One just goes there and picks up the handiest writing implement (or turns it on) and then waits. It usually comes, drawn by the entrancing odor of hopeful ideas. Some days it only comes as far as the edge of the clearing, relieves itself and disappears again. Other days it darts across to the waiting writer, bites him and then turns tail. ~ From  "The Writing Life"  (October 2006) 
 Today is one of those "as far as the edge of the clearing" days. Video of Anna Nalick's "Wreck of the Day" with images from "Law & Order Criminal Intent," one of the best shows ever. 
 More later, with any luck.  Peace . 
 Rate this: 
 Share this: 
 
 Tumblr 
 Email 
 Print 
 More 
 
 
 
 Twitter 
 Reddit 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Categories  All In The Family ,  And there was music . . . ,  Being Brutally Honest ,  blogsurfer.us ,  Dogs are Better than Most People ,  I Just Hurt All Over ,  I Read The News Today . . . Oh Boy ,  Just Keep Breathing ,  Life or Something Similar ,  Mixed Media ,  Our Writing Selves ,  Poets and Writers ,  Poietes ,  Stormy Weather ,  The Big Things ,  The Small Things ,  Upon Reflection . . . ,  wordpress.com ,  Writing blogs •Tags  "Wreck of the Day" ,  Anna Nalick ,  banruptcy ,  blogsurfer.us ,  CCCS ,  economy ,  fountain pens ,  Google ,  Horace ,  Jennifer Allen ,  jobs ,  Joseph Heller ,  Law & Order Criminel Intent ,  money woes ,  MSC ,  Parker Pens ,  Paul Wirt Pens ,  Poietes ,  retirement ,  Stephen King ,  tax penalties ,  Unemployment ,  veterinarian bill ,  vintage ads ,  Waterman's ,  wordpress.com ,  writer's block ,  writing ,  YouTube 
 "We convince by our presence." ~ Walt Whitman 
 Published on  September 28, 2009September 30, 2009  by  Poietes 6 Comments 
 
 Blue River, Henry County, Indiana by  Julayne 
 “Every moment of light and dark is a miracle.” ~ Walt Whitman 
 "When I give, I give myself." ~ Walt Whitman 
 Signs of Autumn, U. of Alaska Campus by Janson Jones 
 Earlier this morning when I let the dogs out, I stuck my head outside and inhaled deeply. Yep. Smells like fall. 
 Even though we don't live in the country, so to speak, the air still has those fine seasonal permutations in which sounds and scents can be discerned. Today promises to be in the low 60's and sunny, or so says my little weather icon. Part of me could live in clear and cool in the 60's every single day of my life. Not hot. Not cold. Not gloomy. Not snowy. 
 Yet, there is still that part of me that aches for the tropics. Not so much the heat as the blazing sun and azure waters. Feeling the fine grains of sand beneath my feet and falling asleep to the sound of the incoming and outgoing tides. I find that very appealing. 
 People who are from this area know exactly how fickle the weather can be. It can be 80 degrees on Thanksgiving Day. It can snow five inches in the middle of March. We can go from a high of 86 on Monday to a high of 60 on Tuesday. Everyone talks about how wonderful it is that we have such mild winters, but that makes me yearn for snow. And as I have said before, spring is entirely too short: We virtually run through spring directly into summer in about two weeks. But fall does seem to last a bit longer, which is fine by me. 
 "The future is more uncertain than the present" ~ Walt Whitman 
 I've had this feeling of late that I am coming to some sort of crossroads. Part of that feeling is probably due, in part, to the fact that we are now at a do or die time for Corey to get a job, and the outlook for him being able to get a job on a tug boat is looking extremely dim. 
 Forecasts for the shipping industry do not anticipate any kind of upturn in the industry until 2010. I just read about a strike by some tug workers in New York harbor because of hiring practices. 
 So we have been discussing alternative careers. I know and Corey knows that circumstances will probably make it more than a possibility that he is going to have to shift his career if he is going to get a job anytime soon, which makes both of us more than a little melancholy. He just finished those classes to get more endorsements on his Merchant Marine Document (MMD), and he is more qualified than he has ever been at any point in his shipping career. But there just aren't any jobs. 
 My Captain is without a vessel. I really ache for him. I, too, know what it is like to be out of work (not the current circumstances of being disabled), but avidly looking for work, and getting nothing but the standard, "We'll put your resume on file" response. After the first 50 times, it's hard not to begin to turn inside and think that there must be something wrong with you. 
 Statistically, in this kind of stagnant economy, I think the old saying is that for every 100 resumes you send out, you can expect to get 1 interview. Bummer, huh? 
 But even though we are still on this see saw, I have this gut feeling that a change is coming, not exactly sure what kind of change, but some kind of change. Change can be good. Right? I should embrace this gut feeling. Right? Then why do I feel trepidation? 
 "Do I contradict myself? Very well, then I contradict myself, I am large, I contain multitudes." ~ Walt Whitman 
 Perhaps trepidation is too strong. Fear is too dramatic. Icky feeling in my gut is poorly phrased. What's the word that I'm looking for? Agitation? Perturbation? Palpitation? Hesitation? That's it: hesitation. 
 I am hesitant to embrace any kind of gut feeling that might portend a change for the better. After all, if you convince yourself that things are looking up, that's about the time a grand piano falls from the sky and lands on your head. 
 Is it any wonder that I really liked the story of "Chicken Little" when I was a child? I suppose I have always been a glass half-empty person. I mean, if I won the lottery, after being incredibly excited, my very next feeling would be dread because of the taxes that I would have to pay. I know. I know. I've been talking about hope and strength and peace of mind, but the nudge side of me keeps intruding. 
 My ex used to call me a nudge, as in I could never let something go. I would keep nudging until it erupted or died like the proverbial dead horse on the front lawn. I've really worked on the whole letting go thing. I think that I've gotten much better. For example, whenever I used to get into an argument, I was never ready to apologize and move on. I do apologize now, and I actually mean it sincerely 99 percent of the time. 
 But I don't think that I'll ever get to the point at which I can say (truthfully) that I have let go of the perturbation at having been wronged by someone (other than Corey). I mean, I don't openly dwell as much; truth be told, I don't dwell to the point of internal agitation. But every once in a while, a memory of a situation in which someone has treated me badly will pop into my brain, and I will stew for a bit. I really wish that I could overcome the ability to remember past wrongs with such clarity. The rest of my memory seems to be getting fuzzier, but not the "Oh. I have been done wrong" part. 
 But I digress . . . 
 “Not I—not anyone else, can travel that road for you,/You must travel it for yourself.” ~ Walt Whitman 
 Crossroads. Fall. Right. 
 I do feel that I am coming to some sort of divide in the road, Frost's two roads diverging. And I will probably take the path less trodden upon as it seems to offer more in the way of surprises. I'm just hoping that they will be good surprises, for a change. 
 Fall is my season of big change. Almost everything significant in my life has happened in the fall—good and bad. Job changes. School. New friendships. Losses. All in the fall. 
 I also find that I write more in the fall. I am planning to get back to my daily writing in October: posting everyday, getting back into my routine of writing about something, anything every day. Fall is also my time for poetry, perhaps because my psyche is has embellished upon it the memories of teaching literature classes to students who would groan audibly when I would mention poetry. By the second week, they wanted more. It's all in the words, the ways in which we share them, the manner in which we connect with them. 
 
Perhaps the change that I sense is the bounty that fall brings to my life. Perhaps not. Not being a seer, I have no way to tell. I just know that something is looming, just over the horizon. And I think that I am actually ready for it. 
 So I will pause and make myself cherish the coming days. Go outside more and breathe the air, watch the birds, listen to the geese as they fly overhead, and smell the leaves, the chrysanthemums, and enjoy my season. 
 I have used quotes from Walt Whitman in this post because his words have been echoing in my brain. In particular, there is one long quote by Whitman that is among my most favorite: 
 "This is what you shall do: love the earth and sun, and animals, despise riches, give alms to every one that asks, stand up for the stupid and crazy, devote your income and labor to others, hate tyrants, argue not concerning God, have patience and indulgence towards the people, take off your hat to nothing known or unknown, or to any man or number of men; go freely with the powerful uneducated persons, and with the young, and mothers, of families: read these leaves in the open air every season of every year of your life: re-examine all you have been told at school or church, or in any books, and dismiss whatever insults your soul.” 
 I have included James Wright's "A Blessing," as it is one of my favorite poems, and it jumped into my mind as I was writing this post. Obviously, it was supposed to be here. 
 More later.  Peace . 
 A Blessing 
 Just off the highway to Rochester, Minnesota, 
Twilight bounds softly forth on the grass. 
And the eyes of those two Indian ponies 
Darken with kindness. 
They have come gladly out of the willows 
To welcome my friend and me. 
We step over the barbed wire into the pasture 
Where they have been grazing all day, alone. 
They ripple tensely, they can hardly contain their happiness 
That we have come. 
They bow shyly as wet swans. They love each other. 
There is no loneliness like theirs. 
At home once more, 
They begin munching the young tufts of spring in the darkness. 
I would like to hold the slenderer one in my arms, 
For she has walked over to me 
And nuzzled my left hand. 
She is black and white, 
Her mane falls wild on her forehead, 
And the light breeze moves me to caress her long ear 
That is delicate as the skin over a girl’s wrist. 
Suddenly I realize 
That if I stepped out of my body I would break 
Into blossom. 
 ~ James Wright 
 Want to become part of a blogging community? Try  blogsurfer.us  (formerly condron.us). Choose a category, and add your blog to the blogroll. Peruse blogs on a wide variety of subjects: art, writing, sports, technology, travel, life, religion, music. Or participate in the open forum. Blogsurfer is a great way to connect with other bloggers and to get more traffic for your own blog. Remember to comment on those blogs that you find interesting because the best way to get comments is to give them. 
 Rate this: 
 Share this: 
 
 Tumblr 
 Email 
 Print 
 More 
 
 
 
 Twitter 
 Reddit 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Categories  All In The Family ,  blogsurfer.us ,  From the Vault ,  I Read The News Today . . . Oh Boy ,  Just Keep Breathing ,  Maybe I'm Amazed ,  Our Writing Selves ,  Poets and Writers ,  Poietes ,  Taking Chances ,  The Big Things ,  Upon Reflection . . . ,  wordpress.com ,  Writing blogs •Tags  "A Blessing" ,  autumn ,  blogsurfer.us ,  Corey Fickel ,  crossroads ,  fall ,  fall foliage ,  Floridana Alaskiana ,  Henry County Indiana ,  hesitation ,  James Wright ,  Janson Jones ,  jobs ,  Julayne ,  Lolita Liwag ,  poetry ,  Poietes ,  teaching literature ,  trepidation ,  Unemployment ,  Walt Whitman ,  weather 
 Sometimes It's the Little Things 
 Published on  June 13, 2009June 13, 2009  by  Poietes 11 Comments 
 
 Feels Like a Little Bit of Heaven 
 Fifty Things About Me That Are Totally Irrelevant: 
 
 My middle name is Gayle. Just think about that for a minute . . . Lolita Gayle. Can you perceive any possible rhyme or reason why those two names might be linked together in any way? Me neither. It has always dumbfounded me as to why my parents chose this for my middle name, and I have always hated having Gayle as my middle name. It's not the name that I hate, per se. It's the name in conjunction with my first name. No poetry there. No melody. No logic. But what can you do? My  daughter hates her middle name also, and her father and I thought that it went very well with her first name, so I suppose that it's just one of those parent things. 
 Whenever I go to a bar, I order three things simultaneously: whatever liquor I'm drinking, for example Kahlua and cream, plus a glass of iced water, and a cup of hot tea. This is one of the reasons that I like to go to places where the wait staff knows me. They don't look at me like I'm crazy when I place my order. Why do I do this? Why is my middle name Gayle? Exactly. Actually, I like to drink all three things at once. I pace myself by drinking water throughout the night, and I like my hot tea. I'm not a big drinker in the first place, so my combo works very well for me. 
 I have only had short hair a few times in my life, and the times that I did have it, I hated it. I'm just not a short hair person. I feel like I look like a monkey when I have short hair. Of course when I was a child, my mother used to chop off my hair regularly. She would see a hairstyle that she thought was very chic, and then I would lose hair. I hated it when she would do that. 
 I have always been a flaming liberal, and females who say that they aren't feminists don't really understand the true definition of the word. 
 I have two crooked toes. They were never broken, but the fourth toe on each foot is curved like a comma. It has never really bothered me unless someone asks me about it. 
 Speaking of toes, I have Filipino toes, as in, I can pinch with my toes and pick up things with my toes. I know, also very strange, but trust me, this is not an unusual trait among Filipinos. 
 Cats make me have asthma attacks, which is a shame since cats love me, and if I enter a house in which a cat resides, said cat will make a beeline for my face. 
 My favorite thing to do when I go out is singing Karaoke. That's because I'm a ham and a thwarted Broadway star. I had planned to run away to New York after high school, but it never happened. 
 I'm a classically-trained pianist, but never felt that I was very good at it, even after 14 years of lessons. 
 I have been a vegetarian a couple of times in my life, and there was no particular reason for it other than I got tired of eating red meat. I've never been a vegan and don't even have the least idea as to how one does that. 
 I love Beethoven as much as I love the Beatles, Frederic Chopin as much as I love Kenny Chesney, Stravinsky as much as I love Springsteen. My playlists usually cover about four genres of music. 
 More than just about anything else, reading is my favorite way to pass the time. Reading on a tropical beach is even better. Reading a good mystery on a tropical beach with an umbrella drink is the best. 
 My favorite holiday is Christmas. I love to decorate the house and to buy the perfect presents for the people in my life. No one else in my family gets as excited about Christmas, and that always makes me a bit melancholy. 
 I make lots of lists—grocery lists, shopping lists, to do lists—and I lose them almost as soon as I make them, which kind of negates the whole purpose of lists. 
 I always keep my toenails painted. When I went into labor with Alexis, I took the time to paint my toenails and mop the kitchen floor. One of the things I hated about having back surgery was my inability to paint my toenails for a while. 
 I have worked as a writer, editor, marketing director, resume writer, newsroom supervisor, grants writer, proposal development specialist, graduate teaching assistant, university English instructor, membership coordinator, publications manager, 6th grade public school teacher, senior education specialist, and research and development assistant. The job that I hated the most was teaching 6th grade for Norfolk Public Schools. The job that I loved the most was teaching at a university. The environment that I enjoyed working in the most was at an arts museum. The environment that I enjoyed working in the least was for a non-profit help group. 
 I have been to the following countries: England, Scotland, France, Germany, Morocco, the Philippines, Mexico, the Cayman Islands, Honduras, Belize, and Spain. The places that I have not yet been to that still want to see include Ireland, Wales, Greece, Costa Rica, Australia, China, and New Zealand. 
 A job that I think I would have been good at? Being a crime analyst (in the lab, not in the field). I love solving mysteries, and it seems that analyzing evidence would be one of those jobs that would continue to evolve. 
 The major that I seriously considered and actually regret not pursuing is marine biology. I considered pre-med, psychology, and anthropology. I ended up getting two of my degrees in English, but I have always been interested in life under the sea. I did take my LSAT's because I was going to go to law school when we moved to northern Virginia, but then I got pregnant with Alexis and changed my mind.
 Tartan 27 Sailboat 
 I almost bought a 27-foot boat when I was in college that I wanted to live on. Do I regret not doing this one? Absolutely. How often are you that free in your life? No ties, no debts, the ability to make life-changing decisions. I was completely stupid for not following through on this one, and the only thing that held me back was fear. 
 My best feature? My legs. My worst feature? Everything else. 
 My favorite flower is lilac. 
 My favorite scent is Calvin Klein's Eternity. 
 My favorite colors are black, red, and purple, in that order. 
 I love black leather boots, my full-length black leather coat, and squooshy black leather hobo bags. My favorite leather designer is Kenneth Cole, and I don't believe that you can ever have too many boots or purses. 
 I love cashmere but cannot wear it because it gives me a rash. 
 I love silk and wear it as often as possible. 
 I love the smell of freshly cut roses, but hate the smell of rose-scented candles. 
 My favorite jeans are Levi's, and I cannot imagine ever paying $200 for a pair of jeans. 
 My favorite jewelry, besides my wedding rings, are my crosses. I have a gold Claddagh cross, a gold crucifix, and three rosaries. I am not Catholic. 
 I would have been a good lawyer because I like to win. 
 Among the things that I like to collect are watches, especially ones with big faces and leather straps. 
 My mom pierced my ears with a needle when I was 12. 
 I have one tattoo on my back. I want to get at least two other tattoos. 
 I am claustrophobic in crowded places: elevators, coliseums, rallies. 
 I can curse without moving my lips. 
 I spent several formidable years of my childhood in London, England. I went to a public school, and I had a very proper British accent. I haven't been back to England since I was a child, and I would love to go back just to see how much it has changed. 
 My birthstone is garnet, but my favorite stone is aquamarine. 
 I am stupidly jealous, and more than once have made an idiot of myself because of it, but it stems from my insecurity. 
 I believe that if you make a promise, you should keep it even if it's to a small child. If you know that you aren't going to keep the promise, don't make it. Broken promises cause disillusionment. 
 Keeping information from someone is the same thing as being dishonest. I know. This is probably a woman thing. 
 I could go my entire life without watching the NFL and never miss it. 
 I want to live in the mountains and by the sea. 
 I love good coffee, Belgium chocolate, and angel hair pasta. 
 I love fresh seafood, but refuse to eat lobster because I think that they should be allowed to live on the bottom of the ocean for as long as they can. 
 I miss wearing suits and heels. 
 I always have something on my lips, at least gloss, throughout the day. 
 I would love to pursue another degree. 
 Nothing is better for stress than a hot bath, lots of candles, a glass of wine, and someone washing your hair for you. 
 This is the longest amount of time that I have spent thinking about just myself in forever, and I only did it because I couldn't think of anything else to post. 
 
 More later on a different subject. Promise.  Peace . 
 Rate this: 
 Share this: 
 
 Tumblr 
 Email 
 Print 
 More 
 
 
 
 Twitter 
 Reddit 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Categories  All In The Family ,  And there was music . . . ,  Being Brutally Honest ,  Friends and Family ,  Let There Be Lists ,  Life or Something Similar ,  Our Writing Selves ,  Poietes ,  The Small Things ,  There Has to Be Humor or We'd All Be Dead ,  Upon Reflection . . . ,  What Aggravates Us ,  Would You Want Me to Tell You? ,  Writing blogs ,  You're Kidding, Right? •Tags  Australia ,  Beethoven ,  Belgium chocolate ,  Belize ,  black boots ,  books ,  Calvin Klein ,  candles ,  China ,  Christmas ,  claustrophobia ,  condron.us ,  Costa Rica ,  Filipino toes ,  France ,  Frederic Chopin ,  Gayle ,  Germany ,  Grand Cayman ,  Greece ,  Honduras ,  hot baths ,  hot tea ,  Ireland ,  jobs ,  karaoke ,  Kenneth Cole ,  Kenny Chesney ,  law school ,  Levi's ,  liberal ,  lists ,  Lolita Liwag ,  London England ,  Mexico ,  middle names ,  Morocco ,  New Zealand ,  painted toenails ,  Poietes ,  Scotland ,  seafood ,  Spain ,  Springsteen ,  Stravinsky ,  tattoos ,  The Beatles ,  the Philippines ,  trivia ,  vegetarian ,  Wales ,  watches 
 Me. On most days... 
 Pages 
 
 Somewhat About Me 
 Collecting Dust 
 Perchance to Dream 
 
 Search for: 
 “Pulvis et umbra sumus. (We are but dust and shadow.)” ~ Horace 
 Welcome. Here you will find posts on just about anything, from the mundane to the insane, the outlandish to the sublime. I include a wide selection of quotes, images and music in most of my posts. If I am unable to present new content, I rely on that old favorite—the reblog. Be forewarned: I am a left-leaning, liberal, feminist who does not hesitate to speak my mind. Enjoy. 
 (Not much other social media for me except for my tumblr, Frenzy and Lightning, which you can visit  here  or below.) And you can find my various product reviews on Influenster  here . 
 Contact Me Here 
 poietes1@yahoo.com 
 
 Copyright ©2008-2020 poietes.wordpress.com 
 Lolita Liwag. All rights reserved. Please do not appropriate my words or pictures without contacting me first. This blog may be linked to other blogs or websites. 
 Header Image 
 Full Moon over Grand Oak Grange, by L. Liwag 
 Hit Parade 
 
 1,720,005 hits 
 
 Please Click Here to Move Me to the Top of the Blogroll 
 
 Follow Lola's Curmudgeonly Musings 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 328 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Who's in the blogosphere? 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Quotable Quotes 
 
 "I write as if to save somebody’s life. Probably my own. Life is a kind of madness that death makes. Long live the dead because we live in them." ~  Clarice Lispector 
 La Lune 
 
 Paper Before Pixels 
 
 A Commonplace Book 
 
 Frenzy and Lightning 
 
 All Come Tumbling Down 
 
 A la recherche du temps perdu 
 A Long Time Alone 
 Book Riot 
 Brilliant 
 Couleurs 
 Dr. Who 
 Dreaming in the Deep South 
 First Book 
 Huffley 6 
 Ignite Light 
 Lapidarium 
 MXM 
 Neil Gaiman 
 Red Blood Black Ink 
 Tea, coffee, books 
 That Kind of Woman 
 The Paris Review 
 Times Haiku 
 Troisenator 
 Ultra Facts 
 Wordstuck 
 
 Poietes' Recommended Reading 
 
 Brain Pickings 
 Dear Blank Please Blank 
 Dragonfly's Poetry & Prolixity 
 Edge of Humanity Magazine 
 Humanist Texts 
 Letters of Note 
 Literary Jukebox 
 n+1 magazine 
 Poetry Page of PGR 
 The Beauty We Love 
 The Poetry Center at Smith College 
 Thought Catalog 
 Titirangi Storyteller 
 Zócalo Poets 
 
 Visual Stimulation 
 
 Artworks of Johnson Tsang 
 Colossal 
 Edge of Humanity Magazine 
 Iconic Photos 
 Pexels 
 Rebecca Keeling Studios 
 Russell Tomlin's Photostream 
 Stuck in Customs 
 Welsh Photographs 
 
 Writers' Resources 
 
 Absolute Write 
 Academy of American Poets 
 Belladonna* 
 Fawlt Magazine 
 NaNoWriMo 
 Terrain.org: A Journal of the Built + Natural Environments 
 The Paris Review: Poetry RX 
 Typehouse Literary Magazine 
 
 Posts Past: 
 Posts Past: Select Month August 2020  July 2020  April 2020  February 2020  January 2020  December 2019  November 2019  October 2019  September 2019  August 2019  July 2019  June 2019  May 2019  April 2019  March 2019  February 2019  January 2019  December 2018  November 2018  September 2016  August 2016  August 2015  May 2015  April 2015  March 2015  February 2015  January 2015  December 2014  November 2014  October 2014  September 2014  August 2014  July 2014  June 2014  May 2014  April 2014  March 2014  February 2014  January 2014  December 2013  November 2013  October 2013  September 2013  August 2013  July 2013  June 2013  May 2013  April 2013  March 2013  February 2013  January 2013  December 2012  November 2012  October 2012  September 2012  August 2012  July 2012  June 2012  May 2012  April 2012  March 2012  February 2012  January 2012  December 2011  November 2011  October 2011  September 2011  August 2011  July 2011  June 2011  May 2011  April 2011  March 2011  February 2011  January 2011  December 2010  November 2010  October 2010  September 2010  August 2010  July 2010  June 2010  May 2010  April 2010  March 2010  February 2010  January 2010  December 2009  November 2009  October 2009  September 2009  August 2009  July 2009  June 2009  May 2009  April 2009  March 2009  February 2009  January 2009  December 2008  November 2008  October 2008  September 2008  August 2008  July 2008  April 2008  March 2008  February 2008 
 
 
 
 January 2021 S 
 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 
 
 10 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 
 
 17 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 
 
 24 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 
 
 31 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 « Aug 
 Translate 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
