  
 
 
 Find Jobs 
 
 
 Regions 
 
 
 Career advice 
 
 
 Moving Guide 
 
 
 News 
 
 
 Register 
 
 Job Seeker Account 
 Employer Account 
 
 
 
 Login 
 
 
 Post a Job 
 
 
 
 
 Find Jobs 
 Regions 
 Career advice 
 Moving Guide 
 News 
 
 
 Home   Find jobs   Locations   Career advice   Moving guide   News 
 Modal title 
 Close 
 Find Jobs 
 Find Jobs 
 Trades and Services jobs in New Zealand | Working In New Zealand 
 Trades and Services Jobs in New Zealand 
 Are you interested in finding a job in the trades and services industry?  Working In offers a wide-ranging selection of the latest full-time trade jobs in New Zealand for foreigners. 
 Whether you're looking for qualified electrician work or a full-time job as a diesel mechanic, we can help you find excellent career opportunities in the trades and services industry.  Advance your career journey in New Zealand today by browsing the latest trade job vacancies on Working In. 
 Refine Search 
 Find Jobs 
 Browse by Category 
 Accounting 
 Construction 
 Education and Training 
 Engineering 
 Healthcare 
 IT 
 Trades and Services 
 Browse by Location 
 Auckland 
 Christchurch 
 Dunedin 
 Gisborne 
 Hamilton 
 Nelson 
 [New Plymouth](/jobs/regions/new plymouth/) 
 [Palmerston North](/jobs/regions/palmerston north/) 
 Queenstown 
 Rotorua 
 Tauranga 
 Northland 
 Wellington 
 Sorry, we don't currently have any jobs for this search. Get a job alert for this search and as soon as we have a job that matches your criteria we will send you an email: 
 Thank you! You have successfully subscribed to our job alerts. 
 Subscribe for Jobs 
 Load more 
 Search Trades and Services Vacancies 
 Working In New Zealand is designed to help skilled international workers find trade work with great companies in New Zealand.  To find a full-time trade job, use our search tool to match your individual requirements.  You can easily browse relevant trade job vacancies by filtering by industry category, occupation, city, region, salary range and company name to find a role that suits your experience and lifestyle. 
 Throughout the country, there are plenty of opportunities to pursue a career in trades and services.  Most employers prefer to hire individuals with relevant education or training in the field.  Both domestic and internationally skilled trade workers are welcome to apply for full-time positions in New Zealand - find your dream trade job with Working In! 
 Trades Needed in New Zealand 
 Due to a shortage of skilled and trained workers, there is a high demand for trade workers in New Zealand.  Skilled workers from overseas are encouraged to apply for trades and services jobs throughout the country.  Current positions in the trades & services section of Working In include full-time electrician work, full-time diesel mechanic jobs, and more.  To get started on your job search, browse all our latest trade job vacancies from top employers in the country today. 
 About Working In New Zealand 
 We’ve been helping people get a good job in New Zealand for over a decade. It’s what we care about the most! Get started today. 
 Job seekers 
 
 Login  /  Register 
 Job search 
 Companies hiring 
 Get job alerts 
 Contact us 
 
 Recruiting 
 
 Register 
 Existing customer login 
 Advertise a job 
 Products and services 
 
 About us 
 
 About Working In 
 Why use Working In 
 Contact us 
 Privacy policy 
 Terms & conditions 
 
 Our network 
 
 Working In Australia 
 Working In Business 
 
 
 Copyright  - Working In New Zealand 
   
 Copyright  - Working In New Zealand 
   
 Copyright  - Working In New Zealand 
