Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Academic position for Cardiology Clinician Investigator - Academic Adult Congenital Heart Disease Specialist 
 University of Alberta 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Department of Medicine 
Competition No. - A100636967 
Closing Date - Will remain open until filled. 
 The University of Alberta, Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry, Department of Medicine, Division of Cardiology in partnership with Alberta Health Services, invites applications for a Clinician Investigator Division of Cardiology, with major research component of 40-50 % FTE, to be based at the University of Alberta/Mazankowski Heart Institute. Located in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, the Faculty has been internationally recognized as among the world’s top 50 medical schools and as one of Canada’s premier health-education institutions. The University is currently home to more than 40,000 students with more than 15,000 faculty and staff. 
 The University of Alberta’s Division of Cardiology is an integral part of the Department of Medicine and the Mazankowski Alberta Heart Institute, a state-of-the-art facility that delivers tertiary and quaternary cardiac care services for the City of Edmonton, Northern Alberta, and parts of British Columbia, Yukon, Nunavut, Northwest Territories and Saskatchewan. 
 The Mazankowski Heart Institute are home to one of the premiere Adult Congenital Heart Disease Programs in Canada complemented with superb support infrastructure, including one of the largest heart Transplant and Mechanical Circulatory support (MCS) institutions in Canada which provides the breadth of cardiac care, including percutaneous, temporary and durable MCS, as well as complex, high risk Adult Congenital surgical and structural Interventional procedures. In addition, University of Alberta and Mazankowski Heart Institute are home to a prestigious Pulmonary Hypertension program and a renowned Heart Function Clinic with broad expertise, including areas such as Inherited Cardiomyopathies, Neuromuscular Disorders and Cardio-Oncology. The Mazankowski Heart Institute is also unique by providing collaborative pediatric, Adult Congenital and Adult Cardiac Care with regular collaboration between Adult and Pediatric colleagues. 
 The successful candidate will have significant opportunity to collaborate with strong research teams in areas of; basic science, Pulmonary Hypertension, Heart Failure, Acute Coronary Syndromes, large data bases, trial design and outcomes. 
 The successful candidate will be an MD (or equivalent) with certification in Cardiology with the Royal College of Physicians & Surgeons of Canada, be eligible for licensure with the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Alberta (CPSA) and have advance Fellowship training in Adult Congenital Heart Disease and have a strong research focus with proven success. Experience with outcomes research, registries, predictive modeling and setting up of biobanks are areas of research needs. It is preferred that the successful candidates have advanced training such as MPH, MSc. or PhD. In addition, expertise in CPET is required with the potential of a leadership position in this area. 
 Key accountabilities of the Cardiology Clinician Investigator will include but will not be limited to Outpatient General Adult Congenital Heart Disease clinics, Inpatient service, Emergency Triage, CPET and equitable share of Division of Cardiology undergraduate and postgraduate teaching responsibilities in addition to a significant research portfolio. 
 The successful candidate will be offered a contingent tenured or tenure-track appointment at the rank of Assistant, Associate or Full Professor in the Department of Medicine, which is in accordance with the University of Alberta Faculty Agreement, and offers a comprehensive benefits package. 
 Remuneration for this position is based on the Academic Medicine & Health Services Program (AMHSP). Salary will be commensurate with education and experience. 
 Interested candidates are asked to submit online a letter of intent and curriculum vitae outlining their education, qualifications, experience, research interests, along with three letters of reference. 
 FOR MORE INFORMATION PLEASE CONTACT 
 Dr. Wayne Tymchak 
 Director, Division of Cardiology 
 2c2 WMC, University of Alberta 
 8440 – 112 Street 
 E-mail:  wayne.tymchak@albertahealthservices.ca 
 Applications will begin being reviewed on November 1st 2018; however, the competition will remain open until the position is filled with a suitable candidate. We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those individuals selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 To assist the University in complying with mandatory reporting requirements of the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act (R203(3) (e)), please include the first digit of your Canadian Social Insurance Number in your application. If you do not have a Canadian Social Insurance Number, please indicate this in your application. 
 The City of Edmonton, with a growing population of over one million, is the cosmopolitan capital of Alberta known as “The City of Festivals”. With an abundance of services, a beautiful river valley, a multitude of community activities and attractive and financially reasonable living accommodation options, our energetic city has something for everyone. For further details about our vibrant city, please visit www.edmonton.ca. 
 Details about the University of Alberta, the Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry and the Department of Medicine can be found on the Faculty’s Home Page at www.ualberta.ca. 
 Details about Alberta Health Services can be found at www.albertahealthservices.ca. 
 All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. 
 The University of Alberta and Alberta Health Services are committed to an equitable, diverse, and inclusive workforce. We welcome applications from all qualified persons. We encourage women; First Nations, Métis and Inuit persons; members of visible minority groups; persons with disabilities; persons of any sexual orientation or gender identity and expression; and all those who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas and the University to apply. 
 How to Apply 
 Note:  Online applications are accepted until midnight Mountain Standard Time of the closing date. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
