Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Material Handler 
 Tracker Logistics | Supply Chain 
 __Leduc, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Tracker is a third-party logistics provider. We are recruiting 3 full time employees to work at our parts warehouse in North Leduc. We operate 24.7. It is aunionized working environment offering the following: 
 Start rate of $17.54 with an increase at 3, 6 and 12 months and regular increases thereafter. Shift Premiums. Company Benefits and Pension Program after 3 full months of employment and paid vacation time. 
 Please note that we have strict COVID19 protocols at our site which include: Mandatory Masks, Daily Health and Temperature Screening, Physical Distancing, Enhanced hourly, daily and weekly sanitization protocols. Staggered break and shift times. 
 Role Purpose: 
Responsible for operating powered equipment for the purpose of moving, locating, relocating, stacking, and counting product. Responsible for checking all inbound and outbound products. Ensures products are free of damage and infestation, product code dates are properly recorded and products match customer requirements. 
 Key Accountabilities: 
Physically load product onto equipment, pallets or totes more than 20% of specified shift. 
Put-away and pick product for shipment or stock. Insure the exact number and type of products, ordered by the customer, are checked and loaded correctly. 
Compare the quantity, quality, labeling, and address with the customers order to ensure outgoing product shipments are complete and correct. 
Changes equipment battery or LP tank and monitors power source as necessary. 
Verify and report discrepancies such as non-available products and OS&D. 
Maintain the facility and the facilitys equipment in a neat, clean, orderly fashion. Inspect all operated equipment daily. 
Complete daily inspection of equipment. 
Assist in physical inventories. 
 Required Education and Experience: 
High School Diploma or Equivalent 
Forklift certificate or satisfactory completion of a forklift-training program is required within the first 30 days of employment 
Six months warehouse experience, preferred 
Six months forklift operation experience, preferred 
 Our Organization is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to accommodating applicants with disabilities throughout the hiring process. Accommodations for job applicants with disabilities will be provided upon request. 
 Brand:  Tracker Logistics 
 Address:  3905-81st Ave Leduc, AB - T9E8S6 
 Property Description:  5257 - Leduc AB CNRC 
 Property Number:  5257 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
