
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Hot Damn! it's a Full-time job 
 You're probably not one to take a job just to make your friends jealous, but in case you are, ChromaDex is hiring an UI Designer in Westwood, CA, USA. 
 About 
 What’s the Role? 
As a UI Designer you’ll be converting science into dynamic design and user experience 
 What you’ll do: 
• Help build a brand experience from the ground up. 
• Offer creative, data-driven design solutions to visually educate and simplify science. 
• Ensure that our web experience remains cutting edge and industry-leading, all while maintaining a cohesive modern aesthetic and clean look/feel in all design elements 
• Design and iterate within specified product requirements and deadlines. 
• Produce dev-ready design deliverables with a high standard for quality and detail within time and technical constraints 
• Work collaboratively with marketing team to define new marketing strategies and identify growth opportunities. 
 What we need from you: 
· 4+ years of experience as a UI designer with a strong portfolio demonstrating beautiful design 
· Experience developing and working with design systems, style guides. 
· Ability to build upon low-fidelity wireframes and apply visual branding through typographical hierarchy, color, material patterns, and iconography 
· Required Proficiency in: Sketch, Invision, Adobe Creative Suite 
· Must demonstrate strong understanding of typography design. 
· UX experience preferred but not required 
· Experience in e-commerce is highly preferred 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7594-chromadex-ui-designer  
 On-site required? 
 No 
 Experience 
 3-6 years 
 Skills 
 Adobe Illustrator, Adobe InDesign, Adobe Lightroom, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe XD, Brand Strategy, Creative Strategy, Interactive, Journey Mapping, Sketch, Social Media Strategy , Usability Testing, User Behavior Research, User Research 
 Date Posted 
 October 26, 2020 
 Managed By 
 david kroes 
 Perks 
 
 Generous Vacation 
 Great benefits 
 Maternity / Paternity 
 Stock options 
 Sweet office 
 Work from home 
 
 Fine Print 
 Who we are: 
We are an equal opportunity employer that operates with an emphasis that People Matter. We respect and will consider every and all kinds of people regardless of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, age, natural origin, protected veteran status, disability, or any other factors prohibited by law or humanity. 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
