[ 
 Workersonboard 
 ](https://www.workersonboard.com/ "Workersonboard") 
 Toggle Navigation 
 
 Home  
 
 W@H Community 
 Help 
 Site Directory 
 
 
 Get Paid Online  
 
 Extra Cash 
 Focus Groups 
 Freelance Gigs 
 Mystery Shop 
 Paid Surveys 
 Sell your Stuff 
 Smartphone Apps 
 
 
 Work at Home Jobs  
 
 Work at Home Equipment 
 Non Phone Work at home Jobs 
 Late Night Work at home Jobs 
 WAH Jobs No Experience 
 Work at home Companies 
 W@H Jobs you can Live On 
 Work at home Weekly Pay 
 WAH Jobs for Teens 
 W@H Jobs No Landline 
 Worldwide WAH Jobs 
 Work at Home Scams 
 Work at home Websites 
 Resume 
 
 
 Weekly Jobs  
 
 Typing Test 
 Friday Freebie 
 My W@H Course 
 W@H Book 
 
 
 Remote T  
 
 Accounting 
 Appointment Setters 
 Data Entry 
 Editing 
 Transcription 
 Tutor 
 Write Online  
 
 Writing Gigs 
 Freelance Writing 
 Write for Greeting Cards 
 
 
 
 
 Blogging  
 
 Blogging Course 
 How to Start a Blog 
 Build a Blog/Website 
 Get a Blog 
 Monetize Your Blog 
 
 
 Free  
 
 Free Instant Gift Cards 
 Free Cash to Search Online 
 Free Blog 
 
 
 About  
 
 Advertise 
 Contact Me 
 Video Library 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 45 At Home Bilingual Jobs 
 Published by  aw1219  on August 1, 2019August 1, 2019 
 We may earn money or products from some of the companies mentioned in this post. 
 If you want to work from home and happen to speak more than one language it can prove to be to your advantage. There are a few companies that hire candidates that are fluent in English, Spanish or another language to work in customer service, translation, and many other areas. In fact, the more abilities you have, the greater your pay. 
 Make sure to visit the  Friday freebie page  and  weekly job section  for additional work at home employers that hire people who are bilingual or possibly live outside the United States. For additional free resources, please read this post" 60 Non Phone Work at home Jobs " including some that are global. Don't forget to join our Facebook groups below for more bilingual work at home job leads. 
 Workersonboard Community 
 Real Work from Home Jobs 
 Workersonboard Fans 
 Homebasedmommie 
 Extra Cash 
 Customer Service 
 Call center jobs are abundant for those who speak more than one language. The jobs vary from temporary to full-time and pay around $9 up to $15 per hour. There is a great number of businesses contracting home operators in this field. Here are a few bilingual customer service work at home jobs. 
 Sykes ,  Broadpath ,  TTEC ,  Apple ,  Dialog Direct ,  Dish Network ,  Unum ,  Allied Solutions ,  Asurion,   Kemper ,  BPO American  pays $13 per hour full-time,  Colony Brands ,  Aspire Lifestyles ,  Uhaul,   Enterprise Rent a Car ,  Hilton,   5CA ,  Wayfair ,  Working Solutions , and many others. 
 At Home Translators 
 Working from home as a translator can be a very rewarding career. These jobs can range from assisting customers in their call center department to language translation of audio clips. Some may require you to have a degree while others may don't…meaning you can work without any experience. Here is some good work from home translator positions you can apply to. 
 VerbalizeIt  is a business that searches for translators who can transcribe as well. You don't have to reside in the U.S. and this company accepts more than 160 languages. Compensation will be based on the customer allocated, but only the top 20% of candidates make it through. 
 Multilingual Connections ,  Day Translations ,  World Lingo ,  Language Line Solutions ,  Telelanguage ,  Gengo,  Unbabel,  Transperfect,  Cactus ,  Rev.com ,  Speakt,   Zoo ,  GMR Transcription ,  Lionbridge ,  Verilogue,  and more. 
 Miscellaneous Bilingual Work at home Jobs 
 
 Bilingual Digital Engagement Specialist (Non-Phone) 
 Mod Squad is hiring people who are bilingual in Chinese & English, Japanese & English or Korean & English. You must be knowledgeable and passionate about video games to moderate content, chat with customers, and manage communities. 
 Overnight Content Specialist (Non-phone) 
 ICUC is specifically looking to hire those who are fluent in English and French to work remotely moderating activities and responses to posts on client's social media profiles to ensure they are safe and adhere to the rules and guidelines. 
 Bilingual Tax Experts 
 Intuit is hiring bilingual candidates that are fluent in English and Spanish to help Turbo tax customers work on their tax returns. Must have strong tax preparation experience and be an active Enrolled Agent, Certified Public Accountant, or Practicing Attorney. 
 Bilingual Agents (Non-phone) 
 LIve World is hiring those who are fluent in Arabic, Chinese, Danish, French, Italian, Japanese, Spanish, Swedish, and Thai to review, track, and escalate social media posts, respond to customer's questions, translate user content and other related duties. You will need strong typing skills, be able to multitask, and have excellent communication skills. Pays hourly with overnight and weekend shifts available. Part-time only. 
 Telephone Interviewers 
 SSRS is a market research company hiring telephone interviewers to conduct surveys with individuals on various topics. You will accurately record answers into the computer. Must have excellent reading and basic typing skills, be able to work 60 hours a month including weekends and can speak English and Spanish. Also hiring those who speak English only. Pays $9.50 for bilingual telephone interviewers. 
 Tutors 
 
 Course Hero hires people to help high school and college students get answers to their questions on various subjects. Earn an average of $3 for each question answered or between $12-$20/hour. Tutors earn on average $300/week answering questions when and where they please. 
 Bilingual Social Media Specialist 
 T-Mobile is hiring bilingual Spanish candidates to resolve issues and questions on their social media platforms. You will support the brand on social media campaigns, and escalate issues as necessary. You must be comfortable with an online public presence to work this job and can come onsite for staff meetings and training. Full-time. 
 Bilingual Consultant 
 Sprinklr is hiring highly experienced and well-trained bilingual individuals to support clients with their ongoing platform. You will need 2-5 years experience, can solve problems, have excellent listening skills, and be fluent in Spanish and English. 
 Education First 
 This company hires people to work from home teaching Chinese kids to learn English working your own schedule. You can make up to $20 per hour. You must reside in the US or UK. 
 Appen 
 
 This company has several work at home assignments in voice data collection, bilingual linguist, social media evaluators, language experts and more that you can work on in your spare time. Company also hires people who are not bilingual and in several countries. 
 Clickworker 
 Work online or from your smartphone completing short tasks in translation, transcription, writing, completing missions and more. Weekly pay with no experience required. 
 If you need more job leads, try work at home jobs  writing articles  online, freelance gigs at  Upwork  or with  Amazon Mturk  just to name a few. Make sure you follow this blog by entering your email address on the right-hand corner so you won't miss out on any other bilingual work at home job opportunities. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Related 
 Categories:  bilingual jobs work at home bilingual jobs work from home bilingual jobs 
 Tags:  jobs for those who speak multiple languages online bilingual jobs work at home bilingual jobs 
           
 
 0 Comments 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 What's on your mind? 
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. 
 Notify me of new posts by email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Subscribe to Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 3,476 other subscribers 
 Email Address 
 Subscribe 
 Subscribe 
 
 
 
 Get Started  
 
 
 Work at home Course 
 300+ Companies that Pay you to W@H 
 W@H Essentials 
 W@H FB Group 
 Daily Work at Home Jobs 
 Payment Proof 
 Get paid Daily 
 Get Paid $10 to Join Swagbucks 
 Reviewers needed 
 Mini Polls for Fast Cash 
 Free $10 Gift Card 
 Advertise on Workersonboard 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 Easy Steps to start a Blog 
 
 
 Work at home Course 
 300+ Companies that Pay you to W@H 
 W@H Essentials 
 W@H FB Group 
 Daily Work at Home Jobs 
 Payment Proof 
 Get paid Daily 
 Get Paid $10 to Join Swagbucks 
 Reviewers needed 
 Mini Polls for Fast Cash 
 Free $10 Gift Card 
 Advertise on Workersonboard 
 
 Workersonboard.com 2011-2020 
 
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience. We'll assume you accept this policy as long as you are using this websiteXAcceptView Policy 
 We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok 
