
 Menu 
 
 HOME 
 WORK FROM HOME 
 
 __200+ Best Work From Home Jobs 
 __Virtual Assistant Jobs 
 __Proofreading Jobs 
 __Transcription Jobs 
 __Stay at Home Mom Jobs 
 __Online Tutoring Jobs 
 __Delivery Driver App Jobs 
 __Search Engine Evaluator Jobs 
 
 
 MAKE MONEY 
 
 __Make Money From Home 
 __Make Money Online With PayPal 
 __Proven Passive Income Ideas 
 __Make Extra Money From Home 
 
 
 EXTRA CASH 
 
 __Money Making Apps 
 __How To Make Money Doing Surveys 
 __USA Paid Online Surveys 
 __UK Paid Online Surveys 
 
 
 BLOG 
 
 25 Legit Online Jobs That Pay Weekly in 2020 
 Work From Home Jobs  July 13, 2020 
 This post may contain affiliate links. Please read our affiliate disclosure  to learn more. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 540shares 
 Looking for legit online jobs that pay weekly? 
 Nothing beats completing a task and quickly getting paid for work well done. This is one of the numerous joys of working online; opportunities to receive your earnings weekly. Seriously, nobody wants to wait forever to access what they have worked for. 
 When I started working online, I had to wait for several weeks to get my pay. You know those sites that won't let you access your funds until you achieve a specific threshold? Unfortunately, they set a very high limit; you will have to work and wait for ages to withdraw your earnings. Numerous other sites pay monthly. 
 I know you love that tingly feeling that comes when your account is credited with your earnings. How about experiencing this joy weekly? 
 Yes, there are a lot of legit online jobs that pay weekly. If you are looking for sites that pay freelancers weekly, this article was crafted with you in mind. 
 Here, you will find 25 legit online jobs that pay weekly. Ready? 
 Okay, let's dive right in. 
 Transcription jobs that pay weekly 
 Read more:  30 Best Online Transcription Jobs From Home 
 1. Speechpad 
 Speechpad  is one of the most popular transcription companies. They hire transcriptionists from all over the world. Some of the audios you should expect to transcribe on SpeechPad include interviews and conferences. 
 Most audios will pay you $0.25 -$1 per minute. However, orders with fast-approaching deadlines will pay you better. They offer payment bonuses to transcriptionists who submit exemplary work and receive excellent ratings from clients. 
 Your PayPal account will automatically be credited with your earnings every Tuesdays and Fridays. 
 2. Rev 
 Rev  is one of the most loved transcription sites, thanks to its consistent flow of work. 
 The Rev dashboard always has hundreds of jobs you can grab. 
 This is an excellent site for beginners in Transcription. You will land short and favorable gigs if you have no experience. Besides, you will also find some captioning jobs on this site. 
 Most of their transcription jobs pay anything between $8 and $18 per hour-long audio. You will receive your earnings on Mondays via PayPal. 
 3. Scribie 
 Scribie  is another beginner-friendly transcription site. Most of the jobs on this platform are short, say 4-7 minutes long. You will also love that there will always be something you can work on in their dashboard. 
 Their gigs will pay you anything between $5 and $25 per hour-long audio. 
 The best aspect of this site is, you can withdraw your earnings whenever you want to. It does not matter what amount you have in your account. You do not have to wait for payday. 
 4. Quicktate 
 To be accepted on  Quicktate , you need to pass a series of tests and a background check. You will need to pay $15 for their background check. They do accept beginners, but you need to ace their tests before you get started. 
 They pay weekly via PayPal. What you earn will depend on the field of your work. Medical transcriptionists earn better than general transcriptionists. 
 5. Daily Transcription 
 Daily Transcription  hires transcriptionists from either Canada or the US. Most of the gigs on Daily Transcription pay $0.75-$0.85 per audio minute. 
 You need Express Scribe transcription software, an excellent set of noise-canceling headsets, and a laptop or desktop to get approved. 
 You will receive some training before you get started. 
 They pay weekly via check. 
 Online writing  jobs that pay weekly 
 Read more:  20+ Freelance Writing Jobs Online For Beginners With No Experience 
 6. Verblio(formally Blogmutt) 
 Verblio  pays freelance writers to craft articles and blog posts for their clients. To get accepted, you will need to pass a grammar test and a plagiarism training module. You will also have to write a sample article, which will be reviewed before you get approved. 
 A 300-400 word article can earn you approximately $10.50. They, however, only accept US residents. 
 They pay every Monday, via PayPal. 
 7. TextBroker 
 TextBroker  hires freelance writers to craft written content for their clients. Most of their clients include website owners, publishing companies, and business owners. 
 The work is uploaded on a shared dashboard. You get to choose what to work on, depending on your writing level. 
 They pay weekly via PayPal. You, however, must have at least $20 in your account before cashing out. 
 8. The Hoth 
 The Hoth  hires writers whose native language is English. You also need to have some experience writing articles before the Hoth approves you. 
 The Hoth does not tolerate missed deadlines. Do not pick an order unless you are sure you will complete it within the stipulated timeframe. 
 They pay weekly. 
 9. Crowd Content 
 Crowd Content  is another site that hires freelance writers. As a writer on this platform, you can either work on specific projects or work directly from their articles' market place. 
 Crowd Content pays its writers biweekly. You must have at least $10 before you cash out. 
 They pay via PayPal. 
 10. Hire Writers 
 Hire Writers  regularly hires writers from Australia, the UK, The US, Canada, New Zealand, and Canada. 
 The pay on this platform may be lower than other writing content mills, but its worth a try for beginners. 
 They pay every Wednesday, via PayPal. You, however, must have at least $15 in your account to receive payment. 
 Website testing online jobs that pay weekly 
 11. Usertesting 
 UserTesting  hires people from all over the world to tests different software. To get accepted on this site, you must pass a test first. 
 Your job on this platform will be to visit different sites and apps. You ill then give your feedback, either in video or audio. All the opinions you voice must be expressed in proper English. 
 You will receive approximately $10 for recording a 20 minutes long video. The panel assigns assignments depending on your ratings on the site and your demographic characteristic. 
 You will receive your payment after seven days of completing a task. 
 12. UserFeel 
 UserFeel  is another platform that hires people to test sites and apps. Most of the gigs here will pay you $10. 
 However, to land more lucrative deals, ensure your reviews stand out. This way, you will earn better ratings from the clients and the UserFeel team. With better scores, you will be assigned better-paying orders. 
 You will receive your payment via PayPal within seven days of completing a task. Your opinions will be useful in improving the usability of the sites you test. 
 A regular test on this platform is usually around 20 minutes long. Such analyses will pay you approximately $10. 
 13. TryMyUI 
 If you are looking for a platform with a consistent flow of website testing jobs, this could be your best option.  TryMyUI  will send you a couple of testing gigs weekly. Additionally, you will always have something you can do on their dashboard. So, you can work as much as you want to. 
 TryMyUI allows you to air out your opinions loud. For a 20 minute long task, you will earn approximately $10. 
 You will receive your pay every Friday, via PayPal. 
 Online tutoring jobs that pay weekly 
 Read more:  10 Best Online Tutoring Jobs To Teach From Home 
 14. Chegg Tutors 
 Chegg Tutors  is a platform where you can offer higher education classes to students who need it. Some of the most sort after courses on Chegg Tutors include Engineering, accounting, mathematics, and computer science. 
 Learners browse through the profiles of tutors, and schedule classes with their preferred. 
 To get started as a Chegg Tutor, you must upload documents that show you are qualified to offer lessons. These will include teaching certification and college transcripts. As long as you have the required documentation, you will be approved quickly. 
 Chegg pays the tutors for the time used to teach, and prepare for the lessons. Tutors make $20 per hour on this platform. 
 You will automatically receive your payment on Thursday morning. The pay is via PayPal. 
 15. Cambly 
 Cambly  is a site that pays native English speakers to communicate with people from all over the world. You will communicate with English learners, to help them improve their communication skills in English. 
 You must have a high-speed internet connection, mic and webcam to get accepted on the platform. 
 Cambly pays$10 per hour. They pay every Monday, via PayPal. 
 16. Skooli 
 Skooli  is a loved tutoring platform, thanks to its good pay. Majority of the tutors on this platform make $20 per hour 
 To get approved on Skooli need a Bachelor's Degree, teaching experience and certification, Master's Degree or Ph.D., other language qualification, or ESL. You may need two or more of these qualifications. 
 Skooli requires you to have $100 before withdrawing. It is pretty easy to make over $100 weekly on this platform. Once you have achieved this payout threshold, you can request a cash out whenever. Your PayPal account will be credited with your earnings a few moments after cashing out from your Skooli account. 
 Translat  ion online jobs that pay weekly 
 Read more:  17 Best Online Translation Jobs From Home 
 17. Unbabel 
 Unbabel  is one of the most loved sites for translators. Translators on Unbabel translate online content, social media posts, blog posts, newsletters, press releases, and product descriptions. Also, they have gigs that involve reviewing content translated by artificial intelligence software. 
 They only hire depending on their language needs. If they are not accepting your language combination, be sure to check with time to time if they have openings for your language combination. 
 They pay $8-$18 per hour, depending on language combination. Payment is either via PayPal or Payoneer. Payment is weekly. 
 18. Translate.com 
 Translate.com  is one of the top companies that link translators to companies or clients that need translating services. As a translator on this platform, you should expect to translate users' guides, business plans, social media posts, medical reports, support tickets, and press releases. 
 Most of the jobs here involve editing artificial intelligence translation. 
 They have gigs in over 90 world languages. So, you don't have to worry about not finding your language combination. 
 You need to sign up and pass a translation test before you start working. Gigs here are assigned on a first-come, first-serve basis. 
 You can cash out via PayPal whenever you want to. 
 Earn weekly by listening to music 
 Read more:  Get Paid To Listen To Music Online (11 Ways To Make Money Listening To Music) 
 19. SliceThePie 
 Slice the Pie  is a site that pays you to listen to music. You will listen to music, and give your opinion concerning the music. The artists behind the song will use your feedback to grow in the music industry. 
 If you love to listen to music, sign up on this site. 
 The only requirement is a good command of English. You will be required to give your reviews in proper English. 
 Generic reviews continuously get rejected. 
 They pay biweekly on Tuesdays and Fridays, as long as you have more than $10 in your account. They pay via PayPal. 
 Earn weekly by performing simple tasks 
 20. Amazon Mechanical Turk 
 Amazon Mechanical Turk  is a company that hires freelancers to perform short and simple tasks for clients. Some of the jobs you can find on this platform include image identification, Transcription of short files, and data entry. 
 Once the client approves your work, your pay will reflect on your account. You can cash out any time you want to. There is no minimum amount required to cash out. You can withdraw your earnings directly to your bank account, or spend it on Amazon. 
 21. Rover 
 If you are a dog or cat lover,  Rover  lets you earn money doing what you love. Rover hires pet sitters to take care of pets, whose owners may be engaged elsewhere. 
 Most of the gigs will let you pet sit in your house. However, some of the pet owners will require you to pet sit in their homes. Always check for this requirement before taking up a pet. 
 They pay after a few business days after completing your pet sitting task. They pay via PayPal. 
 22. Field Agent 
 Field Agent  is an app that pays its members to perform simple tasks. Some of the tasks you should expect include answering surveys, taking photos, and mystery shopping. You will also and gigs that send you to gather information from different stores in your town. The app is available for both Android and iPhone devices. 
 The tasks will often take you less than 2 hours to complete. Most of the tasks will pay you anything between $3 and $12. Field Agent allows you to cash out whenever you want to. You can cash out via prepaid debit card or direct deposit to your bank account. 
 Freelancer platforms that pay weekly 
 23. Upwork 
 Upwork  is one of the most popular freelancers' market place today. Here, you can land writing, designing, translation, Transcription, and other freelancing jobs. 
 Upwork allows you to customize your pay, and how often you want to get paid. So, whatever you earn, and whenever you wish to receive your payment is up to you. 
 Delivery jobs that pay weekly 
 24. DoorDash 
 DoorDash  is a delivery app that operates in over 4000 cities in Canada and the United States. Your work will be to deliver food from restaurants to clients' doors. 
 To get approved, you must be 18 and above. You must also have a valid insurance and driver's license. Also, you need an android phone or an iPhone to operate the DoorDash app. 
 The delivery persons earn an average of $18 per hour. 
 They pay weekly per delivery made. 
 25. Postmates 
 Postmates  is available in over 2500 cities in the United States. Postmates delivery drivers deliver groceries, food, and alcohol. 
 They provide their delivery persons with delivery bags. The delivery bags will make your delivery work much more manageable. 
 You must be 18 and above with a valid driver's license to get accepted on this platform. 
 They pay weekly via direct bank deposits or PayPal. 
 Do you know of any other legit online jobs that pay weekly 
 One of the merits of working online is that you can pocket your earnings a few days after completing a job. You do not have to wait for weeks and weeks to get to payday. 
 The sites discussed above give you the privilege to earn weekly. Do your research, and sign up on websites that suit your skills and interests. With these, you will long forget about having to wait for end month to receive your payment. 
 That's it for legit online jobs that pay weekly. But before you go, we would love to hear from you. Do you know any other legit online jobs that pay weekly? Let us know in the comment box below. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 540shares 
   
 Tags: legit online jobs that pay weekly 
 Related Posts 
   
 10 Best Online Tutoring Jobs To Teach From Home 
 Fancy the idea of teaching online from the … 
   
 15 Best Delivery App Jobs Hiring in 2020 
 Do you have plenty of time in your … 
   
 17 Best Online Jobs for College Students with No Experience 
 Are you a college student looking to make … 
   
 What is Proofreading, And How Do I Become a Successful Proofreader? 
 Wondering, "what is proofreading?" If you've just come … 
   
 15 Best Upwork Alternatives For Freelancers Looking For Online Jobs 
 Are you a freelancer looking for the best … 
   
 15 Best Voice Over Jobs From Home 
 Are you looking for voice over jobs from … 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel Reply 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 
 __ 
   
 POPULAR POSTS 
 
   
 
 200+ Best Work From Home Jobs: Top Companies With Remote Jobs 
 
   
 
 25 Real Ways to Make Money From Home & Create A Life You Love 
 
   
 
 10 Best Paid Survey Sites For USA Residents 
 
   
 
 30 Best Online Transcription Jobs From Home 
 
   
 
 7+ Easy Ways To Make Extra Money Working From Home 
 __ __ __ __ 
 Hi and welcome to WorkAtHomeSmart.com! I'm Norbert Juma, passionate about the web & financial freedom. I started this site to be a resource for people looking to work from home and make money online. 
 RECENT POSTS 
 
 
 2020 Work-From-Home Black Friday Offers & Discounts (Big Savings!) 
 
 
 19 Genuine Online Data Entry Jobs Without Investment 
 
 
 Get Paid For Shopping With These Cashback Apps 
 
 
 15 PayPal Games for Money: Earn Money Playing Games Online 
 
 
 20+ Online Typing Jobs With Free Registration 
 
 
 AFFILIATE DISCLOSURE 
 Some of the links on our site are affiliate links, meaning that if you click on one of the links and purchase an item, we may receive a commission. All opinions, however, are our own and we do not accept payments for positive reviews. 
 VISIT US ON SOCIAL MEDIA 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
 Earnings Disclosure 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 WorkAtHomeSmart.com  Copyright (C) 2020. 
 Built with  Magnus 
