WORK WITH INDIES beta 
 Browse Jobs 
 Art & Animation 
 Audio 
 Business & Operations 
 Design 
 Marketing & Community 
 Production 
 Programming 
 QA & CS 
 Writing 
 Post a Job 
 Back to all jobs See allMarketing & Communityjobs 
 Social Media & Community Manager 
 Trailmix Games Apply for this Job 
 Posted 
 December 2, 2020 
 Full Time 
 London, UK 
 Remote 
 Trailmix is a new mobile games company based in London’s vibrant Camden Town focused on combining the best of puzzle games with great storytelling. Our growing team works collaboratively and creatively to create amazing game experiences. We’re looking for a creative Social Media & Community Manager who shares our passion for creating engaging and fun content for our players. 
 As a Social Media & Community Manager, you will be an essential member of the team and get involved in a wide variety of activities and projects - all focused on creating the best experience for our players outside of the game and connecting them closer to what is happening within the game. You will own the content strategy and be the most direct link between community and the internal team. 
 We are a highly entrepreneurial team and we are looking for someone who can work independently, sees what needs to be done and makes it happen, working closely with the rest of the team to maintain a holistic approach to the player experience. 
 ‍ 
 ‍  What you will do: 
 
 Take ownership of the Social Media Strategy; plan, create and publish exciting media content for our audience 
 Listen to players and engage with them individually, in a helpful, social and brand-resonating way 
 Monitor, analyze and report regularly on both social media trends and your community-building efforts, acting on risks, performance, and opportunities 
 Help shape the game’s development and influence design and narrative decisions by representing our players within the team and the rest of the company 
 Collaborate closely with other internal teams and work with external partners  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 What you will need: 
 
 Excellent communication and interpersonal skills; and the ability to interact with a range of individuals 
 A good understanding of the power of storytelling as a marketing tool and the importance of brand consistency 
 An early adopter of marketing trends and always looking to stay ahead of ever-changing social media landscape 
 Experience in creating community content and hands-on using existing assets, e.g. social media posts 
 Proven experience as a community manager: managing social media channels in the mobile gaming industry or adjacent industries 
 Outstanding English writing skills and an excellent understanding of the North-American market and culture  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 Nice to have: 
 
 Experience in F2P Casual/Narrative Games 
 Comfortable being on camera  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 ‍  Perks and Benefits: 
 
 Work with amazing people 
 Make games for everyone 
 Competitive salary 
 Newest tech equipment and beautiful work space 
 28 days of holiday 
 Private Health Insurance 
 Employee Share Option Plan 
 Great team events (German Christmas Markets, Disney Castle visit, Pirate ship trip on the Thames amongst others) 
 
 ‍ 
 Why this role at Trailmix is right for you:  ‍ 
 Trailmix is a young start-up with an incredibly diverse, talented and passionate team which loves to make beautiful, high quality games. We have the experience to make the right decisions and the ideal company size to move quickly, learn, iterate and do what we think is the best for the game and our players. We are fully independent but are backed by one of the biggest mobile gaming companies, known for their strong ethos and giving teams the tools and the freedom to make the best games. 
 ‍ 
 ‍  How to apply:  ‍ 
 Do you want to be a part of this amazing journey? Send your portfolio, motivation letter, and CV to  jobs@trailmixgames.com . 
 ‍ 
 ‍  ‍ 
 Working at Trailmix 
 Our focus has always been to hire the best people into our studio - for us, the best does not necessarily mean that you have to have a certain amount of years in the industry or have to be well connected. We hire those who have the biggest potential and show passion and ambition. 
 A role with Trailmix means you’ll be part of an ambitious, creative team who truly respect and learn from each other. 
 Trailmix is founded on the belief that only a diverse team can make games that speak to millions of people. If you are not sure you ‘fit’ or if you have reservations about working in the games industry please still reach out and talk to us — we want to get to know you and are always interested in hearing people’s stories. 
 Apply for this Job 
 related jobs 
 tinyBuild is hiring a Community Manager/Leadto join their team into work fromAnywhereCommunity Manager/LeadtinyBuild | AnywhereLearn More 
 Trailmix Games is hiring a Social Media & Community Managerto join their team into work fromLondon, UKSocial Media & Community ManagerTrailmix Games | London, UKLearn More 
 Glitchers is hiring a Social Media & Community Managerto join their team into work fromUnited KingdomSocial Media & Community ManagerGlitchers | United KingdomLearn More 
 Snowman is hiring a Community Coordinatorto join their team into work fromToronto, ONCommunity CoordinatorSnowman | Toronto, ONLearn More 
 Hack Club is hiring a Community Game Designerto join their team into work fromAnywhereCommunity Game DesignerHack Club | AnywhereLearn More 
 Annapurna Interactive is hiring a Marketing Coordinatorto join their team into work fromLos AngelesMarketing CoordinatorAnnapurna Interactive | Los AngelesLearn More 
 Indie games are wonderful. So are the people that make them. 
 Make wonderful games. Be wonderful people. Work With Indies. 
 Thank you for joining the Work With Indies newsletter! The next issue will arrive on Sunday. 
 Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again. 
 *Sign up to receive a weekly digest of new indie career opportunities. 
 WORK WITH INDIES 
 We’ve been lucky to have some incredible jobs working at and partnering with some of the biggest brands in video games. 
 But we’ve never had more fun and been more fulfilled than when we were working with indie game developers. 
 Everyone in games should have that much fun. 
 Our hope is that Work With Indies will connect job seekers with the most rewarding, most inspirational, and most fun jobs they've ever had. 
 NAVIGATION 
 
 Post a Job 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 RSS 
 Communities 
 Nick's Cat 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 
 nathan@workwithindies.com 
 twitter.com/workwithindies 
 facebook.com/workwithindies 
 
 ^ 
 Made by 
 @natethenate 
 and 
 @nsuttner 
 for people who 
 indie games. 
 © 2021  A Lot of Happy LLC 
