Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Digital Media Specialist - Faculty of Science 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Schedule Monday to Friday, 8:30 - 4:30 
Education Level Bachelor's degree in Multimedia or related field 
Career Level 2 years of relevant experience 
Hourly Rate $31.26 
 Job Description 
 Job Title Digital Media Specialist Pay Grid Unifor 
Job Code UJD061 Pay Grade 9 
 Department, Unit or Project Description: 
Working as part of an interdisciplinary team in the Faculty of Science, the Digital Media Specialist will play an instrumental role in supporting strategic accessibility improvements to the Faculty of Science’s blended learning courses through expert knowledge, experience and advice. 
 Job Summary: 
Responsible for evaluating, developing, providing, and promoting digital media services in support of the teaching and learning needs of the department. 
 Accountabilities: 
 
 Analyze project requirements and recommend solutions for various initiatives. 
 Evaluate, implement, and utilize digital media equipment, software, and services that meet teaching and learning needs. 
 Develop and ensure all media meets accessibility standards for online delivery. 
 Design websites and web applications. 
 Design graphic interfaces and interactive media elements including animation. 
 Edit and update illustrations and graphics. 
 Photograph and digitally edit photos. 
 Produce and deploy educational videos to assist with various system training. 
 Capture, convert and optimize audio and video recordings for use on the web. 
 Create rich dynamic and engaging applications for client and departmental projects involving basic still photography, video production and e-learning tools. 
 Develop and post online training and support materials. 
 Collect and document user requirements 
 Identify, evaluate, and recommend emerging digital media technologies and methodologies. 
 Provide advice and services related to the design, creation, and online delivery of digital media. 
 Compile statistical data, prepare reports and maintain logs and files. 
 Maintain and update services including, but not limited to, wikis, blogs, event and registration systems. 
 Consult with faculty and support staff to develop the use of all types of media for use in the online and virtual classroom. 
 Plan and coordinate a variety of events and activities including upgrading information technology which impacts multiple users across the University. 
 Prioritize projects, and ensure that requests can be completed. 
 Deliver presentations to showcase services to the teaching community. 
 Remain current with frequent changes to existing and emerging digital media services, applications, and technologies. 
 
 Qualifications: 
 Education:  Bachelor's degree in Multimedia or related field. 
 Experience:  Requires 2 years of relevant experience. 
 Assets: 
Demonstrated ability to engage instructors and staff in online lecture and multimedia design process. Demonstrated ability to develop and evolve digital media production workflows as part of a multidisciplinary team. Demonstrated ability to bring Adobe Flash, Microsoft PowerPoint and video-based lectures up to Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act ("AODA") standards, converting to HTML5 where necessary. Knowledge of and experience with McMaster’s first-year Science courses/curriculum is considered an asset. 
 Applicants should also have: 
 
 expertise in providing advice and recommendations to instructors regarding best practices in accessibility for teaching and learning, 
 knowledge of Learning Management Systems (preferably D2L/Brightspace), 
 eLearning authoring software and streaming platforms (Articulate, Camtasia, Adobe Creative Suite, Microsoft Stream, Kaltura), closed-captioning solutions and services, O365 and web conferencing platforms, 
 deep knowledge of current and emerging learning technologies and how they support AODA requirements in online/blended and technology-enhanced teaching and learning. 
 
 Additional Information: 
This position will commence as a remote working arrangement, relocating to a physical central campus location as the contract progresses. Some evening and weekend work may be required to align with course schedules. The role involves prolonged periods using a computer (Adobe Creative Suite, Microsoft Office 365). Collaboration with McMaster's Office of Equity and Inclusion and other campus accessibility stakeholders is expected. Candidates contacted for interviews will be asked to submit a representative portfolio of their work as part of the interview process. A cover letter must be included, or the application will not be reviewed. 
 How To Apply 
 To apply for this job, please submit your application online. 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and within the lands protected by the “Dish With One Spoon” wampum agreement. 
 The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. 
 The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity and inclusion, who will contribute to the diversification of ideas and perspectives, and especially welcomes applications from indigenous (First Nations, Métis or Inuit) peoples, members of racialized communities, persons with disabilities, women, and persons who identify as 2SLGBTQ+. 
 As part of McMaster’s commitment, all applicants are invited to complete a confidential Applicant Diversity Survey through the online application submission process. The Survey questionnaire requests voluntary self-identification in relation to equity-seeking groups that have historically faced and continue to face barriers in employment. Please refer to the Applicant Diversity Survey - Statement of Collection for additional information. 
 Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact: 
 Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247), or 
Faculty of Health Sciences HR Office at ext. 22207, or 
School of Graduate Studies at ext. 23679 
 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
