Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 5 Habits that Boost Productivity 
 Saurabh Tyagi    31st December    Health   2 Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=5%20Habits%20that%20Boost%20Productivity%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fyour-job%2Fincrease-productivity-2%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 If you feel like you are always grappling with stress related to work, complaining about the workload and struggling to meet the  deadlines  while a colleague of yours is blazing all the way to glory with his superb work and productivity, something is wrong. 
 A little introspection would certainly help. 
 What is it that is keeping you from being as  productive  as your peers? Why do you feel drained halfway through the day? 
 Assuming that you love your work and have an inner desire to excel, it’s time to introduce some changes in your daily habits in order to deliver your best work. 
 Most people would say that a little  exercise  and ample nutrition would do the trick. However, it’s always easier said than done. While it might take some time getting used to the changes, persistence and hard work pays off without failing. 
 In today’s fast-paced world where technology has made most physical activities redundant, most employees are having problems maintaining optimum physical  fitness  levels. 
 The results of ill health have the most evident repercussions on a person’s productivity levels in a workplace. 
 Here are some  habits  that you as a generation next worker should develop to ensure sustained level of productivity. 
 Sweat it Out 
 Every educated individual out there knows about the gazillion benefits of exercising. Whether it is staying in shape or weight loss,  sweating  it out helps you improve the standard of life in more ways than one. 
 However, those who actually practice exercising as a part of their daily routine will know that it also enhances workplace productivity. How? 
 Research suggests that an exercise routine can give an individual  more energy  throughout the day. It stimulates development of energy chemical ATP in cell’s mitochondria; this gives you more energy to not only perform physical tasks but also boosts your mental output. 
 An experiment by a British economist George MacKerron suggests that exercise makes people very happy -- the only other activity that makes them happier is sex. And the  happier  one is, the more productive he or she can be. 
 Most people in their initial excitement buy snazzy gym equipment and clothes and then don't get around to working out on a sustainable basis. In order to it be really effective, one needs to exercise regularly, for which you can resort to various tactics such as working out in groups, with your friends, or joining classes to keep you  motivated . 
 Skip the Drive Thru 
 In addition to exercising, one needs to have nutritious food to ensure peak levels of mental and physical performance. Many folks live off  burgers and colas , which are not only a bad choice of food when it comes to health, they also slow down a person’s reflexes, interfering with productivity. 
 In fact, better nutrition can help increase productivity levels by an average of 20 percent. There are healthy choices that are also known as  brain food , which can help your work productivity by increasing your concentration levels. 
 Glucose is the ultimate fuel on which the brain thrives. Research suggests that  25 grams of glucose in blood stream  is optimum for all brain functions. The trick is to settle for a healthy way to get these 25 grams. 
 You can gorge on a hamburger, which will release glucose into the blood quickly making up for about 20-30 minutes of alertness. After that those levels will drop quickly, making you feel unfocused, irritated and  distracted .. 
 Or on the other hand, you can eat a healthy snack like oats, which will gradually release glucose in the blood stream, improving concentration and attention levels. 
 Develop Healthy Sleeping Habits 
 There have been countless studies done, all of which have reached to the same conclusion:  Sleep  deprivation negatively affects work performance. 
 According  Meir Kryger,  M.D., people who are deprived of healthy sleep often exhibit poor performance, mood swings, lack of concentration and lapses in memory, all of which negatively impact workplace productivity. 
 In order to energize your body cells for mental and physical exertion, you must give them enough rest by sleeping well. Six to  eight hours  of sleep in a day is suggested by most physicians for normal people. 
 Keep your devices such as mobile phones, laptops, and pagers at distance so that they do not disturb your normal sleeping pattern. 
 Indulge in Music 
 There are not many people who don’t like listening to  music . In fact, studies suggest that singing leads to the release of stress and the same effect can be attributed to listening to certain tunes. 
 Music makes some tasks easier and helps them complete faster. 
 A study published in the journal  of Neuroscience of Behavior and Physiology suggests that a person can distinguish between different images, letters and numbers in a better manner when rock or classical music was playing in background compared to when there was no music. 
 However, listening to music while working is essentially  multitasking , which divides mental resources. So pause your song when learning something new or performing tasks that require your entire cognitive abilities. 
 Get Regular Check Ups 
 Consistent loss of productivity and a lethargic behavior at work can be a signal to an underlying medical condition. 
 If you aren’t able to give your productivity a fillip even after practicing all of the above measures with sincerity, it is advisable to get yourself a routine medical checkup. This could reveal the hidden cause of your uninspiring  performance  at work. 
 Any irregularity in your body’s normal functioning, such as high blood sugar levels or low blood pressure can have an effect on your  productivity  output. A routine medical checkup will reveal such aberrations and help you deal with them in a better manner. 
 -- 
 Your turn: What  healthy  habits help you increase your productivity? 
 (   Photo   by Nana B Agyei /   CC BY   ) 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 efficiency (56) 
 
 
 increase productivity (2) 
 
 
 Productivity (212) 
 
 
 stress (34) 
 
 
 work stress (42) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Saurabh Tyagi  |  Website  |  Other Articles 
 Saurabh Tyagi is a career author with strong technical education credentials. He offers various career advice related to resume making, increasing workplace productivity and others, many which have been published on various blogs. He writes for the leading online recruitment portal Naukri.com. Read on to get more tips on  How to Deal with Stress at Work  from  Naukri Resume Services Experts . 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     How to Improve Productivity Despite the Threats  
  _ _     The 80/20 Rule Revisited  
  _ _     Where Do You Work Best?  
 
 Discussion 
 
 2 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 
 Marta Stelmaszak  on the 9th January 
 
 Reply   
 I definitely agree with all of the above. You can't ignore your health, both physical and emotional if you want to be productive for a long time. If you do ignore it, you will face a burnout and who would want that 😉 
 
 Matthieu  on the 28th April 
 
 Reply   
 I agree with this great article. 
 However even if sleeping is good and important I think sleeping too much (9 - 12 hours) is not good at all. In my case I'm feeling even more tired than if I sleep 8 - 6 hours. 
 Smoking is also not good for productivity. Cigarettes are draining my energy. 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
