Menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
 
 Just my two cents 
 Musings on social media and the world as I see it 
 What job candidates can teach health care communicators 
 March 4, 2014  by  Nancy Jean   Leave a comment 
 
 Sometimes a fresh look can do a world of good for your communications! 
 Sometimes we do a job for so long that we lose perspective. We think "been there, done that." But it's never a bad idea to take a fresh look. 
 I recently had the opportunity to interview a candidate to fill an open position on our media relations team to replace a colleague who recently left. I developed four questions I thought would give me a good sense of her work style and skills and where her passion lies. Getting a better feel for that would help me determine if she was a good fit for our team. 
 The interview went really well, and the questions did exactly what I hoped. They led us to a much deeper discussion of how things have changed in the world of public relations, marketing, and inevitably, social media. 
 As I spoke with her, though, I realized our discussion was actually making me reexamine how we do things. As a result, I came up with some essential actions hospitals should consider when launching their own marketing plans and social media efforts. 
 Blogging  - Don't have a blog? That's understandable. While incredibly valuable from a content marketing standpoint, they are time and resource intensive. So why not counter that by looking for guest blog opportunities for your experts. They could be either one-time posts on a breaking news item or a regular column on timely topics. Either way, by selecting well-respected and well-read sites (think  KevinMD  ,  Women's Health  or  Psychology Today  ), you're positioning your expert among a whole new segment in the population. Be sure to include links to your social sites so these new readers, in turn, can connect with you there. 
 What 's on your calendar  - Hopefully you've got a calendar for social media, similar to an editorial calendar that will guide your content through the year, at least on a general basis. But is that working for you? How are you developing that calendar-are you building it in a silo, or as part of a team looking at the larger objectives and mission within the organization? Does the calendar include posts that will build engagement and trust for your brand, or is it only a placeholder to support tactics in the marketing plan? It's a new year, and it's time to evaluate your calendar and its content. 
 That brings me to another topic I didn't discuss with the candidate, but something that needs to be addressed on a regular basis: 
 Analytics  - That dreaded word. But the fact is, if you're not looking at how your social media efforts are working, then they are probably not worth doing. We all know resources are short, especially financial ones, but the back-end analytics on many of the more popular social media sites like Google+, Facebook, Pinterest and Twitter are all free. (As a side note, if you set up a Twitter advertising account, you will then have access to the analytics for your account. On Pinterest, as long as you verify your website, you also will have access to the analytics.) These give you a snapshot of what is and isn't working in your social media plan. 
 You also can dig as deeply as you'd like in many of them. I've found  Tweet Reach  for Twitter accounts, campaigns and hashtags. For Pinterest, you can check out one of my favorites,  Tailwind  (formerly PinReach). If you do have a budget for it, then you've got even more choices. The fact is, though you can still analyze what you're doing at a basic level for free, you want to be sure you're moving in the right direction and not wasting your time in the social world. 
 Those are three things we should all be looking at, but there are plenty more. What are you reevaluating or working on in terms of your social media plan? 
 _A version of this post was originally written for and appeared on http://www.hospitalimpact.org . One thing to note, we ultimately hired that fantastic candidate (hi Elena!). _ 
 Please share this! 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Categories:  blog ,  blogging ,  communications ,  Health care ,  hospital ,  marketing ,  social media ,  Technology ,  Twitter ,  work  | Tags:  communications; interview;  |  Permalink . 
 Author:  Nancy Jean 
 I love reading, writing, music, the beach, and being a mom to two rescue dogs. My job is social media for health care. 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous Post 
 Next Post -> 
 Nancy Jean 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Talking to aging patients 
 Another year ends and a new one begins 
 Ebola, enterovirus, and the dark side of people 
 Supporting an important cause, and an inspiring woman 
 A house sold, a house bought, a 9-hour move and nothing social about it 
 
 Nancy Jean's Blog 
 
 RSS - Posts 
 RSS - Comments 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Top 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
