
 About Kingdom Business Journal 
 Contact Us 
 
 Kingdom Business Journal 
 ~ Mentoring and teaching business principles 
   
 Tag Archives:  Career 
 Dream BIG for 2009! 
 [ 
 08   Thursday  Jan 2009 
 ](https://kingdombusinessjournal.wordpress.com/2009/01/08/dream-big-for-2009/) 
 Posted  by  Lowell Lane  in  business ,  Education ,  family ,  Finance ,  goal setting ,  Life ,  management ,  Religion ,  time-management ,  Uncategorized 
 ≈  1 Comment 
 Tags 
 business ,  Career ,  dreams ,  Finance ,  goal setting ,  Goals ,  Life ,  New Year Resolutions ,  plans ,  wishlist 
 What are your dreams? 
 I had reached a point of not dreaming anymore. I was good at making task list and prioritizing things that needed to be done, but not dreaming. 
 My wife and I have been together since 1981. She has always said that she feel in love with a dreamer. The last four years have been very rough, and in that process I stopped dreaming. 
 Don't let your past experiences stop your dreams! 
 Dream BIG for 2009. 
 THE CHALLENGE! 
 I have a challenge for you! Sit down and get a piece of paper and a pen out and write your dreams out. An easy way to do it is to look at the different areas of your life. What are your dreams for your Faith, Family, Friends, Career, etc…. 
Let your mind wonder… What does that new job look like? What does having more FREE time with your family look like? What will you do? What will that dream car look and feel like? 
 I think you get the idea. 
 DREAM BIG! 
 Need Help? 
 LEARN HOW TO PUT THOSE NEW YEAR RESOLUTIONS INTO ACTION! 
 
 Jan 15, 2009 | Join us with Randall Mayes Founder of Success Coach Network. We will have a great discussion with Randy about putting those New Year resolution into action and making 2009 a Great New Year. 
 TO ATTEND THIS EVENT, CLICK THIS LINK NOW… 
 Dan Miller- "No More Mondays" 
 [ 
 19   Monday  May 2008 
 ](https://kingdombusinessjournal.wordpress.com/2008/05/19/dan-miller-no-more-mondays/) 
 Posted  by  Lowell Lane  in  customer Service ,  family ,  Finance ,  leadership ,  management ,  marketing ,  Marketplace Ministry - International ,  Religion ,  sales ,  Uncategorized 
 ≈  Leave a comment 
 Tags 
 48 Days to the work you love ,  Author ,  business ,  Career ,  Career Coaching ,  Coaching ,  consulting ,  Dan Miller ,  Jobs ,  leadership ,  Market place ministry ,  No More Monday's ,  work ,  work you love 
 
 Do you dread Mondays? Do you dread your job? Is your job making you "Stupid"? Fire yourself! 
 All of us can learn to bring the same excitement to our jobs that we bring to whatever we love to do on our days off. Each one of us can pursue work that is a reflection of our best selvers -- a true fullfillment our our callings. 
 FREE Tele-Seminar with Dan Miller Tuesday May 20, 2008 7PM Central. 
 Click  HERE . 
 Dan Miller will be joining us to speak about Marketplace Ministry. God has a purpose for each of us and has called each of us to be a minister. Only 2% of the population minister behind a pulpit. 98% are ministers in the marketplace. 
 Don't miss this call. To learn more about Dan Miller Click  HERE . 
 
 See you then. 
 Lowell Lane 
 Accountant or Truck Driver? 
 [ 
 12   Monday  May 2008 
 ](https://kingdombusinessjournal.wordpress.com/2008/05/12/accountant-or-truck-driver/) 
 Posted  by  Lowell Lane  in  customer Service ,  family ,  Finance ,  leadership ,  management ,  marketing ,  Religion ,  sales ,  Uncategorized 
 ≈  Leave a comment 
 Tags 
 Accountant ,  business ,  Career ,  career path ,  career planning ,  corporate world ,  franchise ,  giftings ,  Kingdom Business ,  leadership ,  legacy ,  management ,  passion ,  retirement ,  sales ,  second half ,  skills ,  talents ,  Truck Driver ,  work ethic ,  work you love ,  workaholic 
 My father in-law is going to retire this month. He will be 67 years old and has been in accounting all of his professional career. He worked for a company for over 25 years, but one year before he was available to retire, they let him go so they would not have to pay his retirement. They replaced him with 3, fresh out of school workers and paid them nothing. The company saved a few bucks, but lost a very good, loyal, and hard worker. 
 At the age of almost 60, it was hard finding work, but he was hired by a company who offered him much less than he was used to, and took advantage of the situation by about working him to death. He was working from 4 am to sometimes 7 pm. This company has put unbelievable pressure on him for the last several years. It started when they needed him to cover for someone who was leaving, but they never replaced them. Then they asked him to pick up the slack for someone else, but they did not replace them either. He was doing 3 peoples work and for the same pay. The reason for his retirement is because they asked him to take on the work for a 4th person, so he told them it was time to retire. 
 My father-in-law's dad was known as, "Pepsi-Joe". His dad was a Pepsi delivery man for 40 years, therefore, my father-in-law grew up on the back of a Pepsi truck. His father was a hard worker and gave him a good work ethic. He wanted to become a truck driver, but instead he went to college and went to work in the corporate world. 
 This is a very common occurrence. We grow up with life experiences and then when we grow up we do what is expected, not what we have a passion for, or what we want to do. 
 I want my children to grow up learning that they should follow there passions, gifting, and talents and find the work they love. I grew up in a family of Entrepreneurs and I guess that was always in my blood. I wanted to have my own business also, but I did what was expected and went to school, and started a career in selling, and then sales management. The whole time I wanted to have my own business. I wanted the American dream, so I stepped out and did it. At the age of 40 I quit the corporate world and purchased a Franchise business, that is another story! 
 I have regrets about choices I made and how things in my life have turned out, but hopefully I have been successful in teaching my children to go for it. I want my children to have the confidence and knowledge that when they are of age, they have opportunities. 
 A life-time of work, for what? 
 After my life working I want to be able to answer this question like this, "I loved God, my wife, and children. I built a legacy and made a difference in someones life and the world around me. 
 How are you going to answer? 
 Lowell Lane 
 **** 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Search: 
 Categories 
 
 advertising 
 blog 
 business 
 customer Service 
 Education 
 family 
 Finance 
 goal setting 
 Kingdom Business 
 leadership 
 Leads Group 
 Life 
 management 
 marketing 
 Marketplace Ministry - International 
 Networking 
 Religion 
 sales 
 time-management 
 Uncategorized 
 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
