Skip to content 
 Wood County Township Association 
 Menu 
 
 About 
 Officers & Membership 
 Events 
 Scholarships 
 Links of Interest 
 
 Road Superintendent Job Description (Henry County) 
 Position Description- Road Superintendent 
 Class Title: Highway Maintenance Worker 3 Department: Township Status: Classified; Non-Exempt 
 Job Description 
 The purpose of Highway Maintenance occupation is to construct, improve, maintain, repair and clean highways, bridges, right of way and ditches. 
 The full performance level class works under direction and requires considerable knowledge of highway maintenance and heavy equipment operations in order to perform general highway maintenance duties and operate heavy motorized equipment to construct, improve, maintain, repair and clean highways and/or roadways and right-of-ways and bridges to include excavating and grading ditches, digging channels and cleaning waterways. This position shall be subject to mandatory overtime or shift work and is subject to random drug and alcohol screenings. This position is designated as essential and, as such, all duties associated with this job are required during emergency situations which may include but are not limited to inclement weather, disaster response and emergency operations. 
 Examples of Duties: 
 The following duties are illustrative only. An employee may perform some or all of these duties or other job related duties as assigned. 
 Performs general highway maintenance duties (e.g., cuts brush, shrubs and trees; mows grass; removes refuse and trash; patches and seals roadways and repairs berms; repairs and installs guardrails, barricades, walls, inlets, headwalls, manholes, bridges etc.; digs ditches and installs culverts, pipes, guardrails, etc.); flags on-going traffic at construction sites; lays out temporary road markings on construction and work sites; installs road signs as described on work orders; paints stripes and other details on roads (e.g., operates edge liner, paint guns, intersection truck, jet truck etc.); paints signposts and performs duties required to install/replace signs & signposts. Performs tile repair and installation; catch basin repair & construction. Must be punctual and maintain an excellent attendance record. 
 Assists in snow and ice removal activities, loads truck with front end loader, drives dump truck (including tandem axle) to spread salt or plow snow; operates tractor mower; performs routine maintenance and repair on trucks; operates wheeled tractors with accessory equipment; drives pick-up and road sign truck. Performs general building, grounds & equipment maintenance &/or custodial work (e.g., mows lawn; trims shrubs; sweeps floors; washes windows; removes trash; rakes leaves; shovels sidewalks; paints structures; cleans, paints & refuels equipment). May be required to spray vegetation (if licensed). 
 Repairs and maintains road sign and road painting equipment (e.g., dismantles and cleans equipment, performs minor repairs, maintains proper fluid and air pressure levels, etc.). Performs general maintenance & minor repairs of equipment (e.g., fueling, cleaning, minor adjustments) May perform carpentry, painting, sandblasting and masonry tasks. 
 Operates light and handheld equipment (e.g., chainsaw, air compressor, shovels, picks, welder etc.); operates small roller to roll blacktop; uses necessary hand tools. 
 Completes routine forms recording man-hours, materials, equipment, etc. uses on projects; keeps stockroom books, answers telephone, maintains district logs; completes foreman's report documenting work performed. 
 Communicates with Foreman, Highway Superintendent and other individuals as needed to coordinate work activities, review status of work, exchange information, or resolve problems. 
 Minimum Qualifications: 
 High School diploma or equivalent; supplemented by four to five years experience in equipment operations; or any equivalent combination of education and experience that provides the requisite knowledge, skills, and abilities for this job. Must possess and maintain a valid Ohio Class A and/or B Commercial driver's license and may require tanker endorsement. Demonstrate ability to carry out written and oral instructions and to perform physical labor and knowledge of safety practices. 
 Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: 
 Safety practices and procedures. Operating motor vehicle; use of hand-held and power tools; performing routine machine maintenance and repairs. 
 PERFORMANCE APTITUDES 
 Data Utilization: Requires the ability to determine, calculate, tabulate, or summarize data/information. Includes performing subsequent actions in relation to these computational operations. 
 Human Interaction: Requires the ability to exchange information for the purpose of clarifying details within well-established policies, procedures and standards. 
 Equipment, Machinery, Tools, and Materials Utilization: Requires the ability to operate and control the actions of equipment, machinery, tools and/or materials requiring complex and rapid adjustments. 
 Verbal Aptitude: Requires the ability to utilize a wide variety of reference and descriptive data and information. 
 Mathematical Aptitude: Requires the ability to perform addition, subtraction, multiplication, and division. May include counting, recording of counts, and basic measuring. 
 Functional Reasoning: Requires the ability to carry out instructions furnished in written, oral, or diagrammatic form. Involves semi-routine standardized work with some latitude for independent judgment concerning choices of action. 
 Situational Reasoning: Requires the ability to exercise judgment, decisiveness and creativity in situations involving a variety of generally pre-defined duties which are often characterized by frequent change. 
 Physical Ability: The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. While performing the duties of this job, the employee is frequently required to sit; use hands to finger, handle, or feel; reach ; lift/carry; push/pull; and talk; or hear. The employee is occasionally required to stand; walk; climb or balance; and stoop; kneel; crouch; or crawl. The employee must frequently lift and/or move up to 50 lbs, while occasionally must lift and/or move very heavy weight of greater (>)IOO lbs. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, distance vision, color vision, peripheral vision and ability to adjust focus. 
 Sensory Requirements: Some tasks require the ability to perceive and discriminate sounds, and visual cues or signals. Some tasks require the ability to communicate orally. 
 Environmental Factors: Some functions are performed with limited exposure to adverse conditions. However, this position requires outdoor work that involves exposure to physical hazards, health and safety risks, and/or adverse or otherwise undesirable characteristics in the environment. Proper PPE and footwear is required at all times. 
 BENEFITS 
 Class Title: Highway Maintenance Worker 3 
 Definition Benefits 
 Henry Township provides excellent health and retirement benefits for its employees. Sick Time and Vacation time are accrued annually and Ohio Law provides full-time employees ten (10) Holidays. 
 Ohio Public Employees Retirement Plan 
 Henry Township is a member of the Ohio Public Employees Retirement Plan (OPERS). All employees who are paid in whole or in part by the state of Ohio, a county, municipality, or any other political subdivision of state or local government in Ohio must become members of OPERS unless they are covered by another state retirement system in Ohio. 
 OPERS is a pension plan providing fixed retirement benefits every month based on a formula that rewards years of service. Henry Township contributes 14.00% of the employee's annual base salary and employees contribute 10.00% of their annual base salary. 
 For more information about OPERS, click on this link:  https://www.opers.org/ 
 Deferred Compensation 
 Henry Township offers a voluntary governmental 457(b) deferred compensation plan, which is a retirement savings plan that allows eligible employees to supplement any existing retirement/pension benefits by saving and investing pre-tax dollars through salary deferral. 
 Contributions and any earnings are tax-deferred (both federal and state income taxes) until money is withdrawn. Withdrawals are taxed at ordinary income levels. 
 For more information about the Ohio Deferred Compensation click on this link:  https://www.ohi0457.org/iApp/tcm/ohi0457/index.jsp 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Location 
 Wood County, Ohio 
 Photo of W. W. Knight Nature Preserve 
 Website Built with WordPress.com . 
 %d bloggers like this: 
