
 Menu 
 
 HOME 
 WORK FROM HOME 
 
 __200+ Best Work From Home Jobs 
 __Virtual Assistant Jobs 
 __Proofreading Jobs 
 __Transcription Jobs 
 __Stay at Home Mom Jobs 
 __Online Tutoring Jobs 
 __Delivery Driver App Jobs 
 __Search Engine Evaluator Jobs 
 
 
 MAKE MONEY 
 
 __Make Money From Home 
 __Make Money Online With PayPal 
 __Proven Passive Income Ideas 
 __Make Extra Money From Home 
 
 
 EXTRA CASH 
 
 __Money Making Apps 
 __How To Make Money Doing Surveys 
 __USA Paid Online Surveys 
 __UK Paid Online Surveys 
 
 
 BLOG 
 
 70+ Online Jobs Worldwide: Work From Home Anywhere In The World 
 Work From Home Jobs  June 1, 2020 
 This post may contain affiliate links. Please read our affiliate disclosure  to learn more. 
 1.4Kshares 
 
   
   
   
 
 
 Looking for online jobs that allow you to work from anywhere in the world? Below is our collection of companies offering online jobs worldwide. 
 If you work online, I know you must have bumped into sites that only accept people from select countries. There is nothing as frustrating as reading fantastic reviews of an online jobs site only to find out later that the site does not accept people from your country. 
 If you have bumped into such sites already, there is nothing to worry about anymore. I have you sorted. 
 In this article, I have made a comprehensive list of companies with online jobs worldwide. These work at home sites accept people from all over the world. 
 I understand that many freelancing sites hire only from the US, and a few other countries. Unfortunately, many sites that accept members from all over the world turn out to be disorganized, low-paying, and sometimes scam. The sites included here have good reviews and will definitely be worth your time. 
 Read on to find sites that offer online jobs worldwide 
 Don't forget:  15 Most Profitable Online Skills To Learn From Home 
 Freelance writing 
 As a freelance writer, your work will be to write content for blogs, enterprises, magazines and websites. 
 If you love writing and have proper language skills, try your hand in freelance writing. 
 An average freelance writer can make approximately $2000 per month 
 How can you get started?   Holly Johnson is one of the most successful freelance writers I know, earning OVER $200,000 a year. She has created a  FREE introductory training  on how to build a six-figure writing career that will sharpen your language skills and teach you how to win high-paying clients. 
 Some of the companies that hire freelance writers from all over the world include: 
 
 iWriter  
 Upwork 
 Fiverr 
 Freelancer 
 Hire Writers 
 
 Read more:  20+ Freelance Writing Jobs Online For Beginners With No Experience 
 Transcription Online Jobs Worldwide 
 Transcription entails listening to audios and typing what you hear on word processing software. Transcription is generally divided into general, medical, and legal transcription. You can, therefore, end up transcribing files in a field you are familiar with. 
 To succeed in transcription, you need to have a good set of headphones and a stable internet connection. 
 How can you get started?   Check out this  FREE mini course by Janet Shaughnessy  to help you kick-start your transcription career like a pro. 
 Some of the transcription sites that hire from all over the world include: 
 
 SpeechPad 
 BabbleType 
 GoTranscript 
 Scribie 
 Quicktate 
 
 Read more:  30 Best Online Transcription Jobs From Home 
 Proofreading 
 If you are hawk-eyed and keen with detail, I am pretty sure you can succeed working as a proofreader. The work of a proofreader is to spot and correct errors in text. 
 Some of the mistakes you will be required to correct include grammatical, spelling, and punctuation errors. 
 If you can produce a flawless paper, without altering the clients' intended meaning, you will succeed as a proofreader. 
 How can you get started?   Though it's not mandatory, you might want to get some training to get you started the right way. I highly recommend Caitylin Pyle’s  FREE proofreading workshop for beginners . This workshop is free and will equip you with all the skills you need to get started successfully. 
 
 Proofread Anywhere Holiday Sale! (60% OFF) 
 Our friends at Proofread Anywhere just let us in on some pretty big news! 
 To celebrate the start of a new year and clean slate, Proofread Anywhere are hosting their biggest sale in company history! 
 From  December 14-27  , you can get access to all the courses, guides, and tools you need to pandemic-proof your income…  For 60% off . 
 Click here to check out the sale and enroll! 
 The following companies hire proofreaders from all over the world: 
 
 Scribendi 
 Scribbr 
 Cambridge Proofreading 
 
 Read more: 
 
 17+ Websites To Find Online Proofreading Jobs From Home 
 What Is Proofreading, And How Do I Become A Successful Proofreader? 
 How To Become A Proofreader: Ultimate Guide For Beginners 
 Is Proofread Anywhere Legit? Here’s The Truth 
 
 Paid Online Surveys 
 Survey companies pay their members to give opinions on different issues. Besides taking these paid surveys, most of the paid survey sites will pay you to play games, search the web, watch videos, and shop online. 
 Most survey companies are specific about the countries they want to hire from. The companies usually want to perform market research in particular countries, hence their specificity. Don't worry, though, some of the sites that accept members worldwide include: 
 
 Swagbucks 
 Grab P oints 
 Ipsos 
 
 Virtual Assistant Online Jobs Worldwide 
 As a virtual assistant, your work would be to perform administrative tasks for your clients. Since businesses and individuals would love to save some money, they prefer having assistants working remotely. 
 Some of the tasks you should expect to perform as a virtual assistant include answering and making calls, managing Google calendar, scheduling appointments, making reservations and bookings, and sending and replying to emails. 
 On average, a virtual assistant makes anything between $35 and $50 per hour. 
 How can you get started?   Gina Horkey has created an amazing training course where she’ll teach you everything you need to know about becoming a virtual assistant with the potential to earn over $100 per hour.  Click here to check out her virtual assistant training course. 
 Gina Horkey is a well-renowned virtual assistant who has been earning over $100/hr. Check out  this interview  I had with her. 
 If you would love to work as a virtual assistant, the following companies hire from all over the world: 
 
 Boldly (formerly Worldwide 101) 
 Lifebushido 
 Okay Relax 
 Contemporary VA 
 Time ETC 
 
 Read more:  17 Best Virtual Assistant Jobs From Home (Available Even For Beginners With No Experience) 
 Translation Jobs 
 If you are bilingual or multilingual, you could earn some good money working as a translator. 
 Translating from one language to another helps brands increase their audience. 
 On average, a translator makes $30 per hour. 
 You can look for translation jobs from the following platforms 
 
 Unbabel 
 Translate.com 
 One Hour Translation 
 Gengo 
 Translatorscafe.com 
 
 Online Tutoring Jobs 
 I would have included giving English classes on this list, but most of these companies prefer having English tutors from the US and sometimes Canada, UK, Australia, and New Zealand. 
 But English is not the only thing you can teach online. If you are knowledgeable in a field or another, consider signing up on companies that connect you to students. Some of the most sought after subjects include Chemistry, Physics, Mathematics, Foreign Languages, Human Anatomy, and Technology. 
 Some of the companies that hire tutors from all over the world include: 
 
 Cambly 
 iTalki 
 Brainmass 
 Chegg Tutors 
 Skooli 
 
 Graphic Design Online Jobs Worldwide 
 If you have a creative mind, I know you will succeed in working as a graphic designer. With a background in visual arts and ICT, you will have an easier time here. It may get a little technical for you if you lack the necessary education, but you can still ace it. 
 You will need designing software and a computer to get started in this. 
 Your work as a graphic designer would be to transform your clients' ideas into a visual representation. Some of the most popular items you will design include websites, logos, cards, and T-shirts. 
 You can source for graphic design gigs from: 
 
 99designs 
 TopTal 
 Upwork 
 Fiverr 
 Freelancer.com 
 
 Data Entry jobs 
 If you are good with Microsoft Excel and Microsoft Word, you can perfectly ace data entry jobs. What I love most about data entry jobs is that they require little or no training. As long as you have basic computer knowledge, I am sure you will succeed in these jobs. 
 Due to their straightforwardness, they are always in high demand. You may need to be aggressive to land them. 
 You can find data entry jobs from: 
 
 The Smart Crowd 
 Fiverr 
 Clickworker 
 Dion Data 
 
 Web search evaluator jobs 
 Web search evaluator jobs entail analyzing and rating search results of search engines. As a web search evaluator, your work would help boost the quality and relevancy of search results and sometimes ads. 
 To get started, you may need to get trained. Some of the companies, however, teach their candidates before giving them jobs. 
 You can find webs search evaluator jobs from the following platforms: 
 Web Testing jobs 
 The dream of every website and app owner is to give their clients and users the best experience. This is why website owners pay third parties like you to provide opinions on how they can improve their sites. 
 As a website tester, you will give opinions that will help improve the navigability, usability, and relevancy of the websites. 
 If you would love to work as a website tester, you will have to sign up on companies that connect website owners and inspectors like you. 
 Check out the following sites if you would love to work as website tester: 
 
 UserTesting 
 Respondent 
 Userlytics 
 uTest 
 Validately 
 
 Voice-over Jobs 
 Voice-over is in simpler terms, to voice act. As a voice-artist, you will lend your voice to projects that need it. Your work would be to analyze written scripts, get into character, and bring the project to life. Anytime you hear a voice, but cannot see the face behind it, just know that there is a voice—actor who brought the project to life. Some of the projects that need voice actors include animations, video games, telephone greetings, TV, and radio commercials. 
 You do not need a studio to succeed in this work. As long as you have a microphone, noise-canceling headphones, and recording software, you are good. 
 On average, a voice actor makes $40 per hour. 
 You can find voice-over jobs from: 
 
 Voiver 
 Voice123 
 Filmless 
 Snap Recordings 
 Bodalgo 
 
 Resume writing jobs 
 Coming up with a proper resume is one tricky activity that job seekers have to do. If you have the skills required to craft a decent resume, you can be a savior to the millions of people who need your services. You do not have to have a background in Human resource management to work as a resume writer. 
 As long as you are convincing and organized, you can come up with a perfect resume for your clients. 
 If this is something you can do, consider signing up on the following sites: 
 
 ResumeYard 
 Upwork 
 Indeed 
 ResumeEdge 
 Boardroom Resumes 
 
 Captioning 
 Captioning is about generating subtitles for audio-visual files such as movies, documentaries, you-tube videos, ads and sometimes, live sessions. 
 To get started, you will need a computer and noise-canceling headphones. Also, you need to be attentive, with excellent listening skills to generate accurate subtitles. 
 An average captioner makes $40-$75 per hour-long video. 
 You can find captioning jobs from: 
 
 Rev 
 Netflix career page 
 AI Media 
 Upwork 
 Indeed 
 
 Bookkeeping 
 Bookkeeping is a job that entails keeping track of businesses' accounts. Your work will involve keeping track of daily transactions and cash flow in accounts of different organizations. 
 If you have a background in accounting, you will succeed as a bookkeeper. However, there is a history of other professions thriving in this field. As long as you get some training and are good with calculations, you can work as a bookkeeper. 
 An average bookkeeper makes $15-$20 per hour. 
 You can look for bookkeeping jobs from the sites below: 
 
 Belay Solutions 
 BIDaWIZ 
 Bookminders 
 Click Accounts 
 TAD Accounting 
 
 Social Media moderator jobs 
 A lot of businesses are looking to improve their online presence. To save on money, they opt to have a social media moderator working from home, rather than employ someone full-time. If you are good with social media, you can earn some money working as a social media moderator. 
 As a social media moderator, manage social media group activities, reply to comments and private inquiries, and make posts. 
 An average social media moderator makes anything between $15 and $35. 
 You can find social media moderation jobs on: 
 
 ICUC 
 LiveWorld 
 Modsquad 
 
 Customer Service Jobs 
 Customer service jobs work well with people with excellent communication skills. You also need to be charismatic and patient, because you will occasionally meet demanding customers. 
 Your work as a customer service representative would be to answer inquiries concerning a company, its products, and services. You may also need to help customers make the best choices when purchasing your products or services. 
 You can find customer service jobs from: 
 
 Zapier 
 Automatic 
 Concentrix 
 Cruise 
 Contract World 
 Great Virtual Works 
 
 Final thoughts 
 A lot of online gigs hire or have a preference for US residents. This makes it difficult for non-US residents to land legit online jobs. But with this article, I give you other legit options that hire people from all over the world. If you have been having trouble finding companies that hire from your country, here you have it. 
 Alright, over to you now. What sites did you sign up on? What is your experience with some of the sites above? Do you know any other site that offer online jobs worldwide? Feel free to let us know in the comment box below. 
 1.4Kshares 
 
   
   
   
 
 
   
 Tags: online jobs worldwide ,  work from anywhere 
 Related Posts 
   
 15 Work From Home Captioning Jobs For Beginners 
 Looking for the best captioning jobs for beginners? … 
   
 17+ Websites To Find Online Proofreading Jobs From Home 
 Do you have a good eye for errors … 
   
 [Interview] Caitlin Pyle On How To Become A Successful Proofreader 
 Are you good at spotting grammatical errors and … 
   
 What is Proofreading, And How Do I Become a Successful Proofreader? 
 Wondering, "what is proofreading?" If you've just come … 
   
 20 Online Side Jobs to Make Extra Money from Home 
 Are you looking for side jobs online to … 
   
 15 Online Jobs for Housewives Sitting at Home 
 Are you a housewife or homemaker looking to … 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel Reply 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 
 __ 
   
 POPULAR POSTS 
 
   
 
 Get Paid To Read Emails: 12 Sites & Apps That Pay 
 
   
 
 200+ Best Work From Home Jobs: Top Companies With Remote Jobs 
 
   
 
 25 Real Ways to Make Money From Home & Create A Life You Love 
 
   
 
 30 Best Online Transcription Jobs From Home 
 
   
 
 7+ Easy Ways To Make Extra Money Working From Home 
 __ __ __ __ 
 Hi and welcome to WorkAtHomeSmart.com! I'm Norbert Juma, passionate about the web & financial freedom. I started this site to be a resource for people looking to work from home and make money online. 
 RECENT POSTS 
 
 
 15 Part-Time Weekend Jobs Online To Earn Extra Cash 
 
 
 How to Become a Proofreader: Ultimate Guide For Beginners 
 
 
 15 Work From Home Captioning Jobs For Beginners 
 
 
 15 Best Apps to Earn Gift Cards Online Free 
 
 
 15 Online Jobs for Beginners with No Experience 
 
 
 AFFILIATE DISCLOSURE 
 Some of the links on our site are affiliate links, meaning that if you click on one of the links and purchase an item, we may receive a commission. All opinions, however, are our own and we do not accept payments for positive reviews. 
 VISIT US ON SOCIAL MEDIA 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
 Earnings Disclosure 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 WorkAtHomeSmart.com  Copyright (C) 2020. 
 Built with  Magnus 
