Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Merchandising Specialist 
 Mosaic North America 
 __Vegreville, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Merchandiser Wanted! 
 We are currently seeking a merchandising representative to join our team! We provide best-in-class service to clients including Voortman, FreshPet, Nespresso, Timex, and the Home Entertainment category within your local Walmart, Grocery & Mass outlets. This team is always growing, with many more clients to come! 
 Our ideal candidate is a person who notices every detail, works independently, and enjoys the challenge of working with retail managers ensuring that the clients’ brand enjoys maximum exposure. We offer weekday work hours, competitive pay, stimulating challenges and the opportunity to build a part-time career to suit your lifestyle. 
 Main responsibilities: 
Sales and Merchandising 
Negotiation Skills 
Planogram Resets 
Display Builds 
Effectively manage multiple clients at any given time 
Conduct Client Audits as needed 
Complete detailed reporting 
Manage in-store inventory, stock replenishment, and packing overstock/returns 
Establish exceptional working relationships with in-store staff (especially key decision makers such as store managers) 
Complete on-going client training online and in-field as require 
 Qualifications: 
Mandatory availability on Tuesday and Thursday or Friday, (7am-6pm). 
In addition, available for projects between Monday to Friday- hours vary weekly by Territory. 
Sales and Merchandising retail experience an asset. Transferable experience will be considered. 
Must be able to work independently, be highly organized and able to manage time effectively. 
Must be able to effectively utilize Android/iOS applications or Window based software including Microsoft Office. 
Must have a smart phone with data/wifi. 
Possess strong communication skills. 
Must be physically able to lift (up to 25lbs), bend, kneel and stand for extended periods 
Possess a valid driver’s license and have regular access to a vehicle 
 To Apply:  Please send resumes to Lauren.Hemer@mosaic.com 
 Why Mosaic? 
 Consistently voted one of the best places to work, Mosaic North America gives you the opportunity to work with the world’s most beloved brands that you know and use every day. Every employee is given the keys to charter new ground as they collectively live in the moment of building experiences together. We are a cast of diverse, yet like-minded individuals and we believe in taking risks, creating shared experiences not just for our clients, but for each other to guarantee we’re making the next chapter of everyone’s story the most memorable one yet. 
 DISCLAIMER: 
Acosta/Mosaic North America is an Equal Opportunity Employer 
 The above statements are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to this classification. They are not intended to be construed as an exhaustive list of all responsibilities, duties, and skills required of personnel so classified. Mosaic reserves the right to modify all or part of any job descriptions at its discretion in order to meet and or exceed the needs of the business. 
 We are committed to providing accommodations for persons with disabilities. If you require accommodation, we will work with you to meet your needs, to the extent required by law. 
 Qualifications 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
