
 Middle Class Tech 
 Explaining the Technology Trends of the American Middle Class 
 Navigation 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About Curt Robbins 
 
 Tag Archives: Steve Jobs 
 Post navigation 
 Consumer Tech is the New Religion 
 Posted on  February 1, 2015  by  Curt Robbins 
 I'm certainly not the first to declare it, but consumer technology is the new religion of the 21st century. With all due respect to your spiritual faith (or lack thereof), middle class consumers are quickly becoming technology zealots. Daily, we worship at the altar of social media and mobile devices. 
 Our prayers for the blessings of bigger displays, expanded storage, and thinner designs are picked up by wi-fi and Bluetooth as they're synced with Heaven--up in the iCloud. We speak in tongues, hoping that our new car's GPS system features voice recognition. If we lose our way, our guardian angels, Siri and Cortana, reveal the path to enlightenment. 
 
 We ask for forgiveness for having neglected our children by spending too much time on Facebook or posting a nasty comment on Tumblr. We pray that we'll be blessed with better lighting for our next Instagram photo of an especially good tuna sandwich, or maybe a stranger's puppy. 
 Our churches are Apple's iTunes, Google's Play, and Amazon's Prime media streaming and download services, including their holy app stores. To discourage dissenters from leaving the flock, our Bibles are often unreadable at a different church. Netflix and  Pandora  are two major exceptions, translating their scripture into every language under the sun. 
 There seem to be more religious wars within modern consumer tech than there are within religion itself. Richard Dawkins and Rick Warren have nothing on Larry Page and Tim Cook. What began as the "PC vs. Mac" platform war in the 1980s, punctuated by Betamax versus VHS, has evolved into Xbox versus Playstation, Android versus iOS, and Tesla Motors versus Toyota. Samsung, Sony,  Google , Microsoft, and  Apple  take shots at each other on a regular basis. It's Hatfield against McCoy--only this time they're armed with touchscreen tablets and password-protected internet routers. 
 Sometimes these religious wars are monotheistic, like Apple's closed ecosystem that offers both hardware and software from a single vendor. Other companies ask us to worship many gods, like the availability of Microsoft's Windows and Google's Android from a number of hardware manufacturers. Often, the battles are less proprietary and more philosophical, such as hydrogen-powered cars versus battery electric vehicles (kind of like Greek Mythology). 
 
 Some in the academic community agree. In 2010,  ABC News  reported that Heidi Campbell, a communications professor at Texas A&M University, co-wrote a paper "exploring the religious myths and metaphors surrounding Apple." "[The company] could offer a religious-like experience. It could basically perform the same role in people's lives that being part of a religious community could," she wrote. 
 The vitriol and defensiveness in many factions of these religious schisms can become shockingly brazen and abusive, as if someone took the Lord's name in vain--or peed in your Cheerios. The utterance of "Apple sucks" or "electric cars are stupid" is bad enough; the response is typically worse. Members of the choir routinely compete for "Most likely to have not graduated middle school." 
 But we've considered only the religions themselves, not the priests at the pulpit. PC versus Mac, was, of course, Bill Gates versus Steve Jobs. Electric cars versus the established Luddites of Detroit is obviously Elon Musk versus…well, the established  Luddites  of Detroit (this one is a true David and Goliath metaphor). In terms of building their congregations, it could even be argued that Rupert Murdoch and Mark Zuckerberg are running competing megachurches. 
 "Steve Jobs, one of the most powerful people of our day, has offered a secular 'gospel' to our culture," wrote evangelical Christian author Sean McDowell when Jobs stepped down as Apple's CEO for health reasons in 2011. Even  Christianity Today  in January of 2011, in an article entitled "The Gospel of Steve Jobs," wrote, "The Apple CEO was able to articulate a perfectly secular form of hope." 
 
 "The Apple CEO was able to articulate a perfectly secular form of hope." 
 
 The adoration bestowed upon the top executives of modern technology companies is like that of Southern Baptist parishioners during the rapture. We worship at the feet of charismatic pontiffs like Elon Musk, Sheryl Sandberg, and Richard Branson. They're our silicon saviors, and the only thing that shakes our faith in them is a dead battery or too many casserole recipes in our newsfeed. 
 
 When it comes to mobile gadgets and streaming media, some of us even worship two gods--like a household with one Catholic and one Jewish parent that recognizes both Christmas and Hanukkah. These odd and overly open-minded people may sport both an iPhone from Apple and a Nexus 7 tablet from Google. Maybe they have a Galaxy S5 smartphone and an iPad. Hasn't anyone told them that this is, basically, against the rules? 
 In the end, the best digital dogma is the one that suits your lifestyle, budget, and personal beliefs. Or the one with the coolest logo. But it's  your  money going into the offering plate; worship with the company or platform of your choice. 
 And what about the sinners? You know, the gluttonous people at the airport who hog two outlets to recharge their devices, or the rude fanboys who leave flippantly disparaging comments on your carefully articulated posts? Well, there's a special place in hell for them. A place where there's a complete lack of extended warranties and app updates, where the only stores are Circuit City and RadioShack, and where they're given only a PalmPilot PDA and a CalicoVision game console. 
 For eternity. 
 
Curt Robbins 
 
 Curt Robbins is author of the following books from Amazon Kindle: 
 
 
 Home Theater for the Internet Age  ($9.95) 
 _ Understanding Personal Data Security  _($4.99) 
 Understanding Home Theater  ($4.99) 
 Understanding Cutting the Cord  ($4.99) 
 Understanding Digital Music  ($4.99) 
 
 You can follow him on Twitter at  @CurtARobbins , read his auto-related articles on  CarNewsCafe , check out his Apple-themed articles on  Apple Daily Report , and read his AV-related blog posts at  rAVe Publications . You can also view his photos on  Flickr . 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) 
 More 
 
 
 
 Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) 
 Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Click to print (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  consumer technology  Tagged  Android ,  Apple ,  Baptist ,  Bill Gates ,  electric cars ,  Elon Musk ,  Galaxy S5 ,  Google ,  Heidi Campbell ,  hydrogen fuel cell cars ,  iOS ,  iPad ,  iPhone ,  Jesus Christ ,  Kindle Fire ,  Mark Zuckerberg ,  Nexus 7 ,  Richard Branson ,  Richard Dawkins ,  Rick Warren ,  Sheryl Sandberg ,  Steve Jobs ,  Tesla ,  wi-fi   Leave a comment 
 Post navigation 
 Archives 
 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 April 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
