
 Home 
 Working Abroad 
 Volunteering Abroad 
 
 Volunteer at an Orphanage Abroad 
 An Orphanage Assistant in Ghana 
 Volunteer in Malawi, Africa 
 Volunteer Work with Animals Abroad 
 
 
 Teach English Abroad 
 
 Best Places to Teach English Abroad 
 Teach English in China 
 Teach English in Thailand 
 
 
 Ski Resort Jobs 
 
 Ski Season Work 
 Work to Ski or Ski to Work 
 Snowboard and Ski Instructor Jobs 
 Becoming a Ski Instructor 
 Chalet Host Jobs 
 Best Ski Resort Employment Opportunities 
 Ski Season Employers 
 Ski Work - Argentina, Chile, and Down Under 
 North America Ski Jobs - USA, Canada 
 Ski Season Employment - Europe 
 
 
 Cruise Ship Jobs 
 
 Working Aboard a Cruise Ship 
 Cruise Ship Life 
 Crown Recruitment for Royal Caribbean Cruise Lines 
 Spa and Fitness Jobs on Cruise Ships 
 Harding Brothers - Retail Jobs on Cruise Ships 
 Steiner International - Work on Cruise Ships 
 
 
 Beach Resort Jobs 
 
 European Resort Jobs 
 Europe's Top Clubbing Resorts for Summer Jobs 
 
 
 
 Working Abroad Magazine 
 Work, Travel, and Live Abroad 
 
 Gap Year 
 Jobs Abroad 
 
 Teach English Abroad 
 Australia Jobs 
 Czech Republic 
 Dubai Jobs 
 Greece Jobs 
 India Jobs 
 New Zealand Jobs 
 
 
 Sports Jobs 
 
 Ski Jobs 
 Sailing Instructor 
 SCUBA Jobs 
 Surfing Jobs 
 
 
 Volunteer Abroad 
 
 Animals 
 Relief Work 
 
 
 Summer Jobs 
 Job Search 
 Work Permits 
 Study Abroad 
 
 You are here:  Home  /  Jobs Abroad  / Magaluf - Is it the new Ibiza? 
 Magaluf - Is it the new Ibiza? 
 Mallorca (or Majorca as most Brits call it) is the largest of the Balearic Islands and along with its sister islands of Menroca and Ibiza, lies in the Mediterranean Sea off the south east coast of mainland Spain. Magaluf, on the south west side of the island is quickly developing a reputation as being one of the greatest party places on the continent. For years  Ibiza  was considered to be the best place to indulge in night time pleasures, however, over the past summers Magaluf has been closing the gap and could now be the number one destination for not only hedonistic holidays in club land, but also to work. 
 Work at a Club on Mallorca 
 There are literally hundreds of bars, clubs and restaurants along the strip and they are constantly looking, if not relying on Brits to come over and work. After all, the majority of tourists are from the UK and who would understand a slurred, drunken order from a Brit than another Brit? 
 Don't just rely on what I tell you, if you search the web today you will find dozens upon dozens of sites proclaiming that "Ibiza is dead! Long live Magaluf!" For instance, the BCM Club is the biggest in Mallorca and for one entrance fee you get three all-inclusive bars on 3 floors, which takes out the hassle of constantly handing over cash and queuing is a thing of the past. You also get lost of free goodies (we all love a freebie!) now, doesn't that sound like a nightclub fit for a King? 
 Apart from this, quite literally amazing club in my opinion, there are lots of other venues that all offer a different twist on a night out. Consequently, there are lots of jobs, hundreds even, on offer in these places including; bar staff, cocktail waiters, dancers or promoters – whatever takes your fancy really. It's essential though that you fully understand that these clubs stay open until the very wee hours of the morning. So, if you are the sort of person that takes on homicidal tendencies when you don't get your eight hours, you may want to think twice about such jobs. 
 Of course, most people tend to adjust to working what is essentially a night shift, but you still have to be fully committed - it can be bloody hard work! 
 If you are not the kind of person that can handle booming trance and indie music in your eardrums for hours on end and would prefer a more sophisticated summer experience, Mallorca still has something to offer - Porti Pi. Picture a town that oozes class and distinct style, which is a playground for the rich and famous. Many celebrities have yachts moored in the summer months including apparently Peter Stringfellow (form an orderly queue ladies…thought not!) 
 The good thing about working in Porti Pi is that you can have the best of both parts of Mallorca. You can walk into Magaluf for a night as it's walking distance away and enjoy the calming pace and tranquility of working in Porti Pi. If you have a nautical element to your CV you could look for  work on yachts  (maybe you'll meet a celeb or two!). The good thing, if that interests you, is that they seek people at all times of the year - so you have far more choice when to work. If sailing isn't in your blood and the prospect of boarding any boat instantly makes you want to projectile vomit, fear not, there are endless bars, restaurants, and rich families in need of nannies in and around the area of Palma Nova. 
 Filed Under:  Jobs Abroad ,  Resorts Jobs ,  Summer Jobs  Tagged With:  ibiza ,  magaluf ,  mallorca ,  resort jobs 
 Recent Post 
 
 Best Summer Jobs Abroad 
 I don't know about you, but here on the East Coast spring is in full swing, and …  [Read More...] 
 
 Organization Spotlight: Awesome Work & Travel 
 5 Reasons to Work Abroad this Summer 
 Kite Surfing Anyone? 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 - Working Abroad Magazine - All rights reserved -  Privacy Policy   -  Cookie Policy  
