Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Crew Positions Available 
 McDonald's Restaurants 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Company Description 
 Interested in joining our flagship restaurant as we were the 2nd McDonalds to open in Canada. We’re also more than just your local restaurant. We’re hardworking small-business men and women, students working part-time, seniors getting the most out of life, and volunteers lending time to make a difference in the communities we live and work in. 
 WE’VE GOT A JOB FOR ALL TASTES! 
 McDonald’s is recognized around the world as a leader in the quick-service food industry, not only for our delicious food but for our incredible people as well. 
 We are currently looking to build our Part time team at the 520 Oxford Street West location in London, Ontario. 
 Job Description 
 Cashier positions available -requires applicants that are comfortable interacting with our Guests in a friendly, approachable, Guest focused manner working in a fast paced environment is key to success in this role. 
 Kitchen positions available-must have ability to make quality a top priority, attention to detail and fast paced work environment is key to success for this position. 
 Qualifications 
 What We Are Looking for in Our Crew Members 
 Dependable & Reliable 
 Able to work various shifts including:  morning, afternoons and evenings 
Have a passion for customer service and helping guests 
Able to assist guests with any questions or concerns they have and make it 'right' for them as quickly as possible 
Able to work as a team and be productive & effective 
Energetic & have a smile in their voice 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
