Skip to primary content 
 The Iron-Bound Tome 
 An RPG blog, and Ars Magica resource 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Ars Magica 
 
 New Spells for Ars Magica 
 ArM House Rules 
 
 Necromancy in Ars Magica 
 Transformation into Gargantuan Creatures 
 
 
 Metacreator Customisations 
 New Enchanted Items for Ars Magica 
 Tales of Crimson and Gold 
 
 The Paradigm of the Realms 
 
 
 Ascendency of the Warp Saga 
 
 Covenant of Horsingas 
 Covenant of Six Pillars 
 Covenant of Storm Watch 
 Covenant Personalities 
 future sessions 
 Next Session notes 
 Sessions 1-5 
 Sessions 6-10 
 The Diabolic Lair 
 Ars Magica Tribunals 
 
 
 Rules for Enchanted Arms and Armour 
 Sample Ars Magica Characters 
 Medieval Occupations and Careers 
 Vanilla Covenants Project 
 
 VCP - Back Cover 
 VCP - Introduction rewrite 
 VCP - Covenant of the Shivering Mountain 
 
 
 
 
 WFRP 
 
 New spells for Warhammer 
 WFRP House Rules 
 
 
 Deathwatch 
 RPG 
 
 Medieval Occupations and Careers 
 I came a cross a great source of medieval professions, careers and titles is from the page:  What did people do: in a Medieval City? 
 If you are hunting for updates to the list, or have questions check out all their good work. 
 
 Governmental Occupations 
 These are the people who run things. They keep society moving smoothly, if they're good at what they do, and can bring society to a crunching halt, if they're not. Rife for corruption, government officials can play a significant role in many campaigns. 
 
 bailiff  - the man who makes arrests and executions. Bailiff was not primarily used for the office of policeman. Etymologically, bailiffs were those in charge of the bailey - in effect, manager of the craftsmen and servants in a castle or manor house. 
 catchpole  - literally 'chicken catcher', one who finds and brings in debtors. 
 chancellor  - a secretary to a noble or royal 
 constable  - the warden of a town or castle 
 diplomat  - the person who negotiates with foreign nations 
 emperor  - the ruler of an empire 
 exchequer  - the man responsible for the king's revenue 
 hayward  - an officer in charge of fences and hedges 
 herald  - had two responsibilities: a man in charge of making pronouncements and proclamations, and one who is an expert in the field of heraldry (the various insignias used by the rich to identify themselves.) These two responsibilities were one in the same. Medieval Europeans wouldn't have thought it possible to separate them; much less would they have considered them separate roles. 
 jailer  - the man responsible for a jail: he keeps the criminals from getting out 
 judge  - a man who is responsible for deciding questions brought to court 
 king  - ruler of a kingdom 
 knight 
 lady 
 liner  - an officer in charge of tracing property boundaries in the city 
 master of the revels  - official in charge of court entertainment, and later of the theaters [note: the first Master of the Revels was not appointed until Henry VII in the 15th century] 
 nobleman 
 prince 
 pursuivant  - officer of arms, ranks below herald, similar duties 
 reeve  - church warden. Note that the word 'reeve' applies to much more than the Church. Reeves usually came out to be combination administrators and business managers of estates, towns and small territories (i.e. shires) - something like a chief bailiff. 
 sherrif 
 summoner  - officer of the court who serves subpoenas (see also  religious version ) 
 watchman 
 woodward  - the keeper of a forest 
 
 Military Occupations 
 Who keeps the country safe from encroaching enemies and wild monsters? Why, the military, of course. These brave men - and sometimes women train against the possibility that they'll have to protect their country with their lives. 
 
 Arbalestier  - one who fires an arbalest (a type of metal crossbow) 
 archer  - one who shoots arrows 
 bowman 
 camp follower  - people following an army, making money off of the soldiers 
 cannoneer 
 crossbowman 
 drummer 
 engineer 
 guardsman 
 halberdier 
 Knifeman  - one skilled with a knife; specifically, a soldier trained to disembowel horses 
 mercenary 
 pikeman 
 pioneer  - an early term for military engineer 
 sapper  - specialist in field fortifications 
 scout 
 siege engineer 
 sergeant 
 sergeant-at-arms 
 spearman 
 spy 
 
 Criminal Occupations 
 Wherever there is society, there are criminals. These occupations include only the so-called "professional criminal": it ignores those people who are corrupt at every level of society who has a legal "front", from kings to beggars. 
 
 boothaler  - marauder, plunderer 
 burglar  - one who breaks into, and steals things from, other people's houses. (If you break into and steal stuff from your  own  house, you're just a nut.) 
 diver  -  fig.  a pickpocket 
 fence  - one who trades in stolen goods 
 footpad  - one who robs pedestrians 
 outlaw  - a man wanted by the law 
 pickpocket  - one who picks pockets 
 poacher  - one who illegally kills animals, usually on somebody else's land 
 silk-snatcher  - one who steals bonnets 
 stewsman  - probably a brothel keeper - "since the words stew and stewholder both mean a bawd, I'm guessing that a stewsman would be a brothel-keeper as well. Whether bawdry counts as a criminal activity varies at different times and places." 
 thimblerigger  - a professional sharper who runs a thimblerig (a game in which a pea is ostensibly hidden under a thimble and players guess which thimble it is under) 
 
 Religious Occupations 
 If Government officials run the affairs of earthly beings, then those occupied with religious pursuits mediate between earth and the gods. 
 Priests are relatively common in role playing games. These men and women are the people behind the church: not typically "adventuring priests", but vitally important to the church nonetheless. 
 
 abbess  - superior of a convent 
 abbot  - superior of a monastery 
 almoner  - a distributer of money and food to the poor 
 archbishop 
 beadle  - church official -- ushers preserves order at sermons 
 beguine  - member of certain Netherland lay sisterhoods 
 bishop 
 canon  - a prebend attached to a cathedral (the definition is somewhat wider, but that's the most common usage) 
 cantor  - a choir leader in churches, the man who sings hymns and leads the congregation in prayer in a synagogue 
 cardinal 
 chantry priest  - a priest employed to say prayers for the dead; often taught on the side (thus so-called chantry schools) 
 chaplain 
 clark  - see clerk 
 clerk  - a priest 
 curate  - priest in charge of a church 
 friar  - a wandering monk, especially a Franciscan 
 metropolitan  - a bishop in charge of other bishops; an archbishop 
 monk 
 nun 
 ostiary  - a church's doorkeeper 
 palmer  - a pilgrim who's been to the Holy Land 
 pardoner  - seller of indulgences 
 parish priest 
 pilgrim  - 
 pope 
 priest 
 primate  - head of the Church in a country or region (i.e. the Archbishop of Canterbury was Primate of England) 
 sacristan  - a person in charge of the relics and religious items of a church 
 sexton  - minor church officer - rings bells, digs graves 
 summoner  - officer who brings people to episcopal courts (see also  government version ) 
 
 Merchants 
 In a society based on trade - either with hard currency or barter, there are always those who spend their lives in the pursuit of selling things to others. 
 Note that most craftsmen also sell the results of their labor, farmers typically must sell their crops themselves, people in service trades often must hawk their own wares. This section does not include them. It includes only those people who spend their entire lives devoted to selling things, and nothing more. 
 
 acater  - a provisioner (food) 
 alewife  - a female alehouse keeper 
 apothecary  - a preparer and merchant for drugs and medicines 
 banker 
 beer seller 
 boothman  - one who sells grains 
 chapman  - travelling merchant 
 collier  - one who makes or sells charcoal (later coal) [can also fit under craftsmen] 
 colporteur  - seller of religious books 
 costermonger  - fruit seller 
 drover  - one who drives sheep or cattle to market 
 eggler  - an egg-merchant 
 fishmonger 
 fruiterer  - a seller of fresh fruit 
 fruitier  - fruitseller 
 fueller  - one who sells charcoal, wood, or other fuels 
 glass seller 
 greengrocer  - seller of vegetables and fruits 
 grocer 
 harberdasher  - seller of men's clothing 
 hay merchant 
 hetheleder  - one who sells heather as fuel 
 innkeeper 
 ironmonger  - one who sells things made of iron 
 lighterman  - one who ferries goods from ship to shore on a small boat 
 linen-draper  - one who deals in linens, calicos, etc. 
 mercer  - a dealer in expensive clothing (silk, etc.) 
 merchant 
 milkmaid  - a female servant who milks cows 
 oil merchant 
 old-clothes dealer 
 oynter  - an oil-merchant 
 peddler 
 pie seller 
 plumer  - a dealer in feathers 
 poulter  - seller of poultry 
 shrimper  - one who catches shrimp 
 skinner  - a dealer in furs and skins (essentially, the same thing as a furrier) 
 spice merchant 
 spicer  - grocer or dealer in spices 
 stationer  - seller of books, etc.; also, a copyist 
 taverner  - innkeeper 
 thresher  - one who thrashes grain, separating it from straw 
 unguentary  - one who sells unguents 
 waferer  - confectioner (a dealer in 'wafers', a kind of cake) 
 waterseller 
 weirkeeper  - a keeper of fish traps 
 wine seller 
 wood seller 
 woodmonger  - a seller of fuel wood 
 wool stapler  - one who buys and sells wool wholesale 
 
 Artists/Entertainers 
 In any society, there is the need for spare time. And what did people do before television? Well, they mostly sang songs, told stories, and danced. From this, some professional entertainers developed. 
 Also included in this section are artists: those who devote their lives to creating works of beauty and expressiveness. There is enormous overlap between artists and entertainers… I won't get into the argument of whether art should be used to entertain or express the artist's true feelings. That's beyond my scope here, certainly. 
 
 bard  - a Welsh minstrel 
 barker  - one who advertises at the entrance to a show 
 bear-ward  - the owner of a performing bear 
 fiddler  - this is an unfair translation, "geiger" is applied to any player of bowed and stringed instruments 
 fool 
 fresco painter 
 glasspainter 
 harper 
 illuminator 
 jester 
 limner  - illuminator of books 
 lutenist  - a lute player 
 minnesinger  - a German minstrel who specialized in love songs 
 mummer  - actor, specifically the predecessors to mimes 
 musician 
 nakerer  - a player of the  naker  a small kettle drum 
 organist 
 painter  - portraits and landscapes 
 piper 
 player 
 playwright 
 poet 
 sculptor 
 singer 
 troubadour  - most properly a minstrel from the southern part of France (though it can be used of any minstrel who specializes in romances). 
 tumbler 
 writer 
 
 Farming and Workers with Flora and Fauna 
 Ah -- the farmers. Without them, we'd starve. Wresting sustenence from the very earth itself. There's a large number of occupations associated with farming: you need people to watch the animals, work the fields. In fact, probably most people in a medieval society were farmers. 
 Also included are hunters and gatherers: those who travel into nature and grab things to eat, as well as all those who work with animals. 
 There's also a good  overview of horse history in Europe . 
 
 ackerman(acreman)  - an oxherder 
 falconer  - breeds, trains, hunts with falcons 
 farmer 
 fewterer  - one who keeps the hunting dogs [put it in whatever category you put falconers and hawkers] 
 fisherman 
 forester  - game warden or forest ranger 
 fowler  - one who hunts for wildfowl 
 gamekeeper 
 goatherd  - one who looks after a herd of goats 
 hawker  - breeds, trains, hunts with hawks 
 hayward  - a tender of hedges 
 horse trainer 
 hunter 
 huntsman 
 master of hounds 
 molecatcher 
 ostler  - cares for horses 
 oyster raker  - worker on an oyster fishing boat 
 oysterer  - one who catches oysters 
 parker  - caretaker of a park 
 plowman 
 rat catcher 
 reaper 
 sheepshearer 
 shepherd  - one who looks after a herd of sheep 
 swineherd  - one who looks after a herd of swine (sometimes pigherd) 
 thresher 
 tillerman 
 trapper 
 woolcomber 
 woolman  - sorts wool into differing grades 
 
 Scholars 
 They may have called it the dark ages for lack of scientific output, but there were still people interested in the world around them, willing to poke and prod it until something broke. 
 
 alchemist  - a medieval chemist 
 astrologer 
 astronomer 
 bearleader  - a travelling tutor (a silly name) - related to the figurative use of the word bear to describe a boor. 
 dean 
 librarian 
 mathematician 
 philosopher 
 professor 
 scholar 
 scrivener  - scribe 
 tutor 
 theologian  - a scholar specializing in the study of God and doctorine 
 
 Sailors 
 The lure of the sea, the crash of the waves: a boat-filled life was the norm for a great many medieval people. Some sailed on rivers, some on the ocean. Exciting and dangerous trade missions with far-off empires, exploring strange new places, and always coming back home to tell exciting stories in the local tavern. 
 
 bargeman 
 boatman 
 canaller  - canal boat worker 
 ferryman 
 hobbler  - boat tower on a river or canal 
 lighter man  - worker on a flat-bottomed boat 
 mariner 
 navigator 
 pilot 
 sailor 
 sea captain 
 ship 's captain 
 shipchandler  - ship provisioner 
 waterman  - riverboat sailor 
 
 Regular Folks 
 One of the problems with coming up with a list of Medieval Occupations is that lots of people in a feudal economy didn't have occupations at all. They were just tenants of other folks. Also, there are in any society, a large number of homeless and impoverished. 
 This section deals with people like that. 
 There's a  fun story about a peasant , who had a bit of an adventure, at Stefan's Florilegium. 
 I've also heard that the book  A Medieval Life: Cecilia Penifader of Brigstock, c. 1297-1344 , by Judith Bennett, is recommended by some schools. It reconstructs the life of Cecilia Penifader, a medieval peasant, from various legal records. I've never read it, but it seems to get good reviews! 
 
 begger 
 buffoon  - publically amusing person 
 clown  - a peasant 
 crofter  - tenant of a small piece of land 
 dwarf 
 franklin  - a freeholder 
 gardner  - one who gardens 
 hermit 
 housewife 
 jew  - a class of their own in the Medieval Period 
 landlord 
 palmer  - one who had been, or pretended to have been, to the Holy Land 
 peasant 
 pilgrim 
 spinster 
 tenter  - an unskilled workman's assistant 
 
 Craftsmen 
 Game worlds typically have armorers and blacksmiths, but then it breaks down, and everything else is available from the marketplace or the "general store". Add a bit of spice to a campaign by having the player's harness become damaged, and have to deal with the local harness maker - who is also the town shoemaker and his loud wife! 
 Most of the occupations on this list are craftsmen and service occupations. Because of this, I have seperated out the most common craftsmen from the bulk of the list, so that the gentle reader can make sense of it. The list of common occupations was derived from the tax list for Paris in 1292, from the book  Life in a Medieval City  , by Francis and Joseph Gies. The number indicates how many there in the city. 
 Common Craftsmen - sorted by frequency 
 
 366 -  shoemaker  - one who makes and repairs shoes 
 214 -  furrier  - one who makes and repairs goods made of furs - esp. clothes 
 197 -  tailor  - one who makes and repairs clothing 
 131 -  jeweler  - maker of jewelry 
 106 -  pastrycook  - baker specializing in pastries 
 104 -  mason  - bricklayer 
 95 -  carpenter  - one who constructs things from wood 
 86 -  weaver  - weaver of cloth 
 71 -  chandler  - one who makes candles, also grocer. Often associated with ships (see shipchandler) 
 70 -  cooper  - one who makes and repairs barrels and tubs 
 62 -  baker  - one who makes bread and other baked goods 
 58 -  scabbard maker  - maker of scabbards 
 54 -  hatmaker  - maker of hats 
 51 -  saddler  - maker of saddles 
 51 -  chicken butcher  - butcher of chickens 
 45 -  purse maker  - maker of purses 
 42 -  meat butcher  - butcher of all sorts of meats, esp beef 
 36 -  buckle maker  - maker of buckles 
 34 -  blacksmith  - one who works with iron to form metal implements: esp farm tools. 
 28 -  roofer  - one who makes and repairs roofs 
 27 -  locksmith  - one who makes and repairs locks 
 26 -  ropemaker  - maker of rope 
 24 -  tanner  - preparer of leather 
 24 -  rugmaker  - maker of rugs 
 24 -  harness maker  - maker of harnesses 
 23 -  bleacher 
 22 -  cutler  - one who makes and repairs cutlery 
 21 -  glover  - a glovemaker 
 
 Less common craftsmen - sorted alphabetically 
 
 accoutrement maker  - makes military accessories 
 alabasterer  - worker in alabaster 
 architect  - a designer of buildings and other constructions 
 arkwright  - a maker of "arks" -- wooden chests or coffers 
 armorer 
 balancemaker 
 basketmaker 
 beekeeper  - also known as apiarist 
 beerbrewer 
 bellfounder 
 bellmaker  - these are the little bells that go on sleighs and clothing, as opposed to the large civic bells cast by the bellfounder 
 besom maker  - one who makes brooms (known as besoms in the middle ages: 'broom' was the name of the plant use to make them) 
 billier  - axe-maker 
 blockcutter  - for block printing 
 bodger  - itinerant wood turners ( read more ) 
 bonecarver 
 bookbinder 
 bookprinter 
 bottelier  - maker of leather bottles 
 bowyer  - maker of bows 
 brazier  - makes brassware 
 brewer 
 bricker  - brick baker, not mason 
 bricker  - brick-maker 
 bricklayer 
 broderer  - embroiderer 
 bronzefounder 
 broom-dasher  - maker of brooms 
 brushbinder 
 builder 
 buttonmaker 
 cabinetmaker 
 campaner  - maker of large bells (church-bells, for example) 
 canvasser  - canvas-maker 
 carder  - one who cards wool (combs out wool in preparation for spinning it) 
 cardmaker 
 cartwright 
 chainmaker 
 charcoalburner 
 cheesemaker 
 clockmaker 
 clothier 
 cobbler  - shoe maker 
 coiner 
 combmaker 
 compasssmith 
 confectioner 
 coppersmith, redsmith  - a worker in copper and brass 
 cordwainer  - worker in fine leather 
 corsetier  - maker of corsets and other undergarments 
 currier  - one who cures leather 
 delver  - ditchdigger 
 diamantaire  - diamond-cutter (actually, diamond-cutting wasn't discovered until after the Middle Ages, but once it was diamantaires usually had their own guilds) 
 disher  - a potter who makes dishes 
 draper  - Originally, drapers were clothiers, though today the British use the word for a dry goods merchant. 
 drycooper 
 drywaller 
 dyer  - one who dyes cloth 
 embroiderer  - one who decorates fabric with stitched designs 
 engraver  - for printing, not to decorate items 
 fabricshearer  - trims the nap and makes pleats for customers 
 feltmaker 
 fewtrer  - felt-maker 
 fletcher  - maker of arrows 
 founder  - foundryman 
 fuller  - cloth worker who shrinks, beats, presses cloth 
 fuller  - someone who cleans and thickens cloth by beating it 
 furniture maker 
 gemcutter 
 gilder  - one who gilds (applies gold leaf to something) 
 girdler  - leather worker who made girdles and belts, chiefly for the Army 
 girdler  - belt-maker 
 glassblower  - one who makes glass objects by blowing 
 glazier  - maker of stained glass 
 goldbeater  - one who makes gold foil 
 goldsmith  - a worker in precious metals. In the Middle Ages, all people who worked in precious metals were called goldsmiths; the term silversmith is a much later word. 
 gravedigger 
 grinder  - knife sharpener 
 gunsmith 
 gunstocker 
 hacker  - hoe-maker 
 hatter  - one who makes and repairs hats 
 horner  - craftsman who works in horn -- spoons, combs, musical instruments 
 ivorist  - an ivory-carver 
 joiner  - skilled carpenter 
 knacker  - harness-maker 
 knapper  - a worker in flint 
 knifesmith 
 lacemaker 
 lampwright  - maker of lamps and lanterns 
 lancier  - a maker of lances 
 lanternmaker 
 lapidary  - worker with precious stones -- usu. other than diamonds 
 latoner  - worker in brass and latten (a brass-like alloy) 
 leadworker 
 lensgrinder 
 limner  - someone who illuminates manuscripts 
 linen-armorer  - one who makes cloth armor [same as a merchant taylor] 
 linener  - a shirt maker [also, a linen-draper] 
 linenspinner 
 lorimer  - maker of horse gear 
 lutemaker 
 luthier  - a maker of stringed instruments (lutes, guitars, etc.) 
 mailer  - enameller -- not a maker of armor 
 mailmaker 
 malemaker  - a maker of leather trunks 
 mapmaker  - also known as cartographer 
 marler  - one who digs 'marl', a type of soil used as fertilizer. 
 marleywoman  - a maker of marli, a type of fabric (gauze used for embroidery). Note that embroidery on this material is  also  known as marli. 
 master builder  - chief architect 
 merchant taylor  - tailors and "linen armourers"; they made the padded tunics soldiers would wear under metal armor 
 milliner  - maker of womens' hats and clothing 
 miner 
 miniaturist  - painter of miniatures (small paintings usually found on icons or in books) 
 minter, mintmaster, moneyer  - one who mints coins 
 mirrorer  - one who makes mirrors? 
 nailmaker 
 nedeller  - maker of needles 
 netmaker 
 oilmaker 
 papermaker 
 parchmenter 
 parchmenter  - a parchment-maker 
 pasteler  - a pastry-maker 
 pattenmaker 
 perukier  - a wig-maker [I don't know if the word was used in the Middle Ages; the oldest use of the word peruke I can find is 1548] 
 pewterer 
 physician 
 pinmaker 
 plasterer 
 plattner  - beat out sheets of metal 
 plumber  - worker in lead 
 pointer  - lace-maker 
 poleturner  - maker of polearms (spears, pikes, halberds, etc.) 
 pot mender 
 potter 
 printer 
 purser  - a purse-maker 
 quarryman 
 quilter  - a quilt-maker 
 rectifier  - one who distilled alcohol 
 reedmaker  - a maker of flutes and other wind instruments 
 roper  - maker of ropes, nets 
 rugweaver  - one who makes rugs 
 sailmaker 
 saltboiler  - makes salt by boiling water 
 salter  - makes or deals in salt 
 sawyer  - saws timbers to boards 
 scythesmith 
 seamstress 
 shingler  - wooden roof tiler 
 shipwright  - a ship builder 
 siever  - a maker of sieves ( a picture ) 
 silkmaid, silkwoman  - a woman who makes items out of silk. 
 silk-dresser, silk-maker, silk-mercer, silk-dyer, silk-carder  - various individuals making silk articles. 
 silversmith 
 smelter  - refines raw ore into pure metals 
 smith  - blacksmith 
 spectaclesmaker 
 spooner  - a spoon-maker 
 spurrer  - maker of spurs 
 stonecarver 
 stonecutter 
 swordsmith 
 tallowchandler 
 tapestrymaker 
 tapicer  - tapestry maker 
 tasseler  - one who makes tassels 
 thacker, thatcher  - one who covers roofs with thatch 
 thonger  - maker of leather straps or laces 
 threadmaker 
 tile-burner  - one who forms clay into tiles and bricks 
 tiler, tile-theeker, tyler  - one who roofs with tile 
 tile maker  - tile-maker 
 tinker 
 tinsmith 
 treen maker  - one who makes various small wood items 
 turner  - lathe worker (makes turned wooden objects, like chair legs) 
 typefounder 
 upholder  - an upholsterer 
 vaginarius  - scabbard-maker (pl. vaginarii) 
 vintner  - a winemaker 
 waxchandler 
 webber  - weaver 
 wheeler  - maker of spinning wheels 
 wheelwright  - a maker of wheels 
 wiredrawer  - maker of gold and silver wire 
 woodcarver 
 woodcutter 
 woodturner 
 
 Service Occupations 
 There are many important positions in society for those who do not produce, but serve their fellow man. When they're done their job for the day, there are no new products, no changes in physical objects, but people are moved, jobs get done, and society keeps moving. These are the service workers. 
 Service workers can play an enormous role in your campaign. All the time, characters need to get their hair cut, have water fetched, or have something written down. 
 Unfortunately, since this list is so enormous, I've again taken the liberty of separating out the common occupations, again, as defined by the Geis book. The numbers are the count of the occupation in Paris, in 1292. 
 Common Service Occupations - Sorted by Frequency 
 
 199 -  maidservant 
 151 -  barber  - one who cuts hair, also performed surgery and pulled teeth. 
 130 -  restaurateur  - one who owns or runs a restaurant 
 58 -  water carrier 
 43 -  laundress  - also known as lavendar 
 42 -  porter  - one who carries burdens, or one who waits at doors. Probably the former 
 29 -  doctor 
 26 -  bather  - owner of a bath 
 24 -  copyist  - one who copies books and documents -- not all of them can read 
 
 Less common service occupations - sorted alphabetically 
 
 accomptant  - an accountant 
 accoucheur  - midwife 
 accoucheus  - midwife 
 accountant  - man who does financial bookkeeping 
 actuary  - man who does financial bookkeeping, clerk 
 attendent 
 bagger 
 bailiff  - the man who makes arrests and executions. Bailiff was not primarily used for the office of policeman. Etymologically, bailiffs were those in charge of the bailey - in effect, manager of the craftsmen and servants in a castle or manor house. 
 barrister  - solicitor or lawyer 
 bath attendent 
 bather  - owner of a bath 
 bodyservant 
 butler  - one in charge of the buttery (where alcohol was kept) 
 carman  - one who drives a vehicle for transporting goods 
 carter  - one who drives carts 
 cartier 
 carver  - the servant who cut the meat 
 ceiler  - one who installs ceilings 
 cellarer  - one in charge of the wine cellar 
 chamberlain  - a private attendant who waits on his lord in his bedchamber 
 chimney sweep  - one who cleans chimneys and smokestacks. 
 chirurgeon  - surgeon 
 clouter  - one who fixes things, a tinkerer 
 cook  - one who cooks, especially food. 
 cowherd  - one who looks after a herd of cows. A medieval cowboy, as it were. 
 currier  - see tanner 
 dairymaid 
 dapifer  - a servant who brings the meat to the table 
 dentist 
 ditcher  - one who digs ditches 
 diver  - one who dives for a living. 
 dog trainer 
 drayman  - cart driver 
 dung carter 
 executioner 
 famulus  - "a servant or attendant, esp. of a scholar or a magician" (Random House Dictionary of the English Language) 
 farrier  - maker of tack, esp. horeshoes; also a horse-veteranarian 
 groom  - one who takes care of the horses 
 harlot  - vagabond, beggar, rogue, 14th century male servant, attendant or menial, and 15th century, loose woman 
 horseleech  - veterinarian, farrier 
 hurdle maker  - made 'wattle fences' for sheep 
 lawyer  - a master of the law. 
 link boy  - boy who will carry a torch to guide people through the night 
 link man  - like a link boy, only older 
 maid  - a female household servant. A maid is always female; the word literally means virgin. 
 marshal  - a horse tender 
 midwife  - humorously known as a babycatcher 
 miller  - the person who turns grains into flour. 
 napier  - the person who manages royal linens 
 nurse 
 panter  - keeper of the pantry 
 paperer  - needlemaking industry -- inserted needles into paper to prepare for selling 
 pavior  - one who lays pavement 
 pavyler  - put up pavilions/tents 
 pissprophet  - doctors who would diagnose disease from a patient's urine, specifically from the sight, smell, and taste of the urine. 
 potboy  - cleans out chamber pots 
 privycleaner 
 procurator  - or proctor, this is a kind of legal agent or representative 
 prostitute  - one who sells sex 
 quartermaster 
 ragpicker  - sorts through leftover rags, find re-usable ones 
 raker  - street sanitation worker 
 riveter  - one who rivets (a rivet being a nail designed to secure metal to metal) 
 scullion  - the bottom-rung servant in a household 
 seneschal  - senior steward 
 solicitor  - lawyer 
 sperviter  - a keeper of sparrow-hawks 
 stainer  - one who stains wood 
 stillroom maid 
 surgeon 
 tapster  - one who draws ale, etc. at an inn; innkeeper/bartender/barmaid 
 teamster  - one who drives a team of oxen or horses 
 trencherman  - carver, trench-digger 
 userer  - a moneylender, specifically a Jewish moneylender (the only people allowed to hold such a job in the Middle Ages) 
 wagoner  - wagon or cart driver 
 waller  - one who builds walls 
 wattler  - made 'wattle fences' for sheep 
 weeper 
 wetnurse 
 
 
 The original creators of this document is copyright © 1999-2005  Shawn Vincent . Permission is granted to copy, distribute, and/or modify this document under the terms of the  Open Gaming Licence 
 This page can be found on the Internet at  http://www.svincent.com/MagicJar/Economics/MedievalOccupations.html . 
 Share using: 
 
 Share 
 
 
 
 Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Click to print (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
