Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Team Member – Receiving 
 Rona 
 __Brossard, QC 
 Apply Now 
 Meet Lowe’s Canada, a team of more than 28,000 employees across the country who all share the same purpose: to help Canadians love where they live. Our associates demonstrate this commitment every day by constantly seeking to satisfy their customers and by putting their heart into making a difference in the communities we serve. 
 Our home improvement family operates or services more than 630 corporate and affiliated dealer stores. With a distinctive product and service offering and complementary store formats ranging from neighbourhood hardware stores to big box stores, our Lowe’s, RONA, Reno-Depot, Dick’s Lumber, Contractor First, and Ace banners are always looking for dedicated associates to help meet the needs of all DIYers and contractors. 
 So, join a Canadian leader headquartered in Boucherville, Quebec, be part of something bigger as we expand our horizon and discover a world of opportunities! 
 Your role 
 The Team Member – Receiving meets and exceeds the department’s requirements by offering courteous service and taking initiatives to meet the store’s merchandise loading/unloading and computer-assisted receiving needs, among other things. 
 Responsibilities 
 
 Check merchandise and received quantities against packing slip 
 Unpack merchandise and scan barcodes using an optical scanner 
 Handle merchandise as required for loading or unloading 
 Record damaged merchandise 
 Prepare merchandise for delivery by placing it in designated areas 
 Ensure and participate in the maintenance of the department under their responsibility 
 Move merchandise to appropriate areas using a forklift 
 Follow the store’s policies and procedures on loss prevention and health and safety in the workplace 
 
 Job Requirements 
 The qualifications we are looking for 
 You enjoy physical work, you perform your duties in a very thorough manner, and you have a valid driver’s licence? Then you have what it takes to be part of our team! Proficiency with material handling equipment will be considered an asset. 
 Note:  This form indicates the general nature and level of work performed by employees with this job title. It is not designed to contain nor should it be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications of all employees with this title. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
