Skip to content 
 Search for: 
 
 Styrian Brain Juice 
 Menu 
 
 About 
 FAQs 
 Guidelines 
 Home 
 
 January 11, 2021January 24, 2021   Bruce Straight 
 Nose jobs in Korea 
 Jeff Bezos isn’t the only person whose  business has improved  because of the COVID-19 pandemic. Cosmetic surgeons in South Korea have been profiting from a significant increase in the number of rhinoplasty patients. 
 The  nose job boom  can be attributed to two factors. First, many Koreans are self-conscious about the bruising and swelling associated with a nose job. A face mask is a great way to cover up the temporary yet unsightly blemishes. Second, government stimulus handouts have provided those who are not struggling financially under lockdown conditions ready cash for the operation. 
 With lockdown and masks requirements expected to be eased later this year, many are rushing to as one surgeon put it “ improve facial beauty and harmony ” and “ enhance the appearance of the nose while maintaining Asian aesthetic beauty .” 
 Has anyone out there had plastic surgery during the lockdown? 
 Leave a message. 
 Share this: 
 
 LinkedIn 
 Facebook 
 WhatsApp 
 Twitter 
 Email 
 Skype 
 Pinterest 
 Reddit 
 Telegram 
 Tumblr 
 Pocket 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Tagged  coronavirus ,  cosmetic surgery ,  COVID 19 ,  Jeff Bezos ,  nose job ,  plastic surgery ,  rhinoplasty ,  South Korea 
 Published by Bruce Straight 
 Born and raised in the USA. Now a proud and passionate Grazer, Styrian, Austrian and European. Day job(s): Self-employed trainer and management consultant as well as FH-lecturer and English tutor. Also: marathon runner and one of the oldest graduate students at the Karl Franzens University in Graz.   View all posts by Bruce Straight  
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Post navigation 
 The real Lost Generation 
 A message to my fellow Austrians and friends around the world 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Correcting the EU’s failed immigration policy 
 Only focusing on strengths is a recipe for mediocracy 
 The true legacy of the Cold War 
 The Cold War wasn’t all that cold 
 Lying to get a job in the Age of Big Data 
 
 Archives 
 
 January 2021 
 December 2020 
 November 2020 
 October 2020 
 September 2020 
 August 2020 
 July 2020 
 June 2020 
 May 2020 
 April 2020 
 March 2020 
 February 2020 
 January 2020 
 December 2019 
 November 2019 
 October 2019 
 
 Tags 
 2020 presidential election   Austria   books   business management   C02 emissions   California wildfires   capitalism   climate change   cognitive psychology   Cold War   confirmation bias   consumer behavior   consumerism   consumer values   coronavirus   COVID 19   crosswords   democracy   digital ethics   Donald Trump   Dr. Seuss   ecological footprint   economics   English   English language   environment   environmental destruction   ESL   ethics   Europe   European history   European Union   F. Scott Fitzgerald   flight shame   Game of Thrones   global warming   Google   internet   Jeff Bezos   John le Carré   justice   kognitive Verzerrung   language   library   management trends   memory   migration   mortality   motivation   new work   New York Times   Oregon wildfires   philosophy   pizza   politics   psychology   racism   recycling   redistribution of wealth   reforestation   retromania   Robert Heinlein   sales   social media   sociology   Spiro Agnew   spy fiction   Star Wars   sustainability   television   terrorism   transportation   United States   USA history   voter behavior 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
 Correcting the EU’s failed immigration policy 
 Only focusing on strengths is a recipe for mediocracy 
 The true legacy of the Cold War 
 The Cold War wasn’t all that cold 
 Lying to get a job in the Age of Big Data 
 Corona is not the only crisis 
 A message to my fellow Austrians and friends around the world 
 Nose jobs in Korea 
 The real Lost Generation 
 Pence vs. Quayle 
 
 Website Powered by WordPress.com . 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
