Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Client Assistant, Business Insurance 
 NFP Corp 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 About You 
 You are self-motivated, have a keen eye for detail, excellent communication skills and ability to form trustful relationships with clients and colleagues. Your talent will be fully utilized here – while you develop in your role to support our sales and service teams for our Business Insurance division. 
 About NFP 
 We are NFP, a four-time Best Places to Work award winner in Business Insurance for 2017 through 2020. We are a world-class, leading insurance broker and consultant that genuinely cares deeply about our employees' and clients' well-being. We're honest, hardworking, dedicated professionals who love what we do and strive to lead by example. Our expertise and scale are only matched by our passion for building lifelong personal relationships. 
 About the Role 
 We’re looking for a multi-faceted Client Assistant to serve as an integral member of the Business Insurance Division. With this role, you will open the door to an exciting career path opportunity with NFP and be a valued member and key partner to Client Managers and their clients. 
 This role involves interaction with a diverse group of stakeholders including clients, sales and Client Managers while maintaining and exceeding the reputation and service standards of NFP. 
 Essential Duties and Responsibilities: 
Client Service, Relationship Building & Collaboration 
Prepare binders, motor vehicle liability cards and certificates of insurance. 
Prepares client premium proposals and pre-renewal client material 
Process invoices, finance contracts and accompanying client letters 
Prepares insurance binders, invoices and billing material 
Prepare pre-renewal client information packages. 
Report claims where required 
Manage activities by following up on open activities and closing activities upon completion of required assignment. 
Complete duties according to corporate policies and procedures 
Actively participate in training initiatives 
Other duties as assigned. 
 Knowledge, Skills, and/or Abilities: 
Strong oral and written communications skills 
Professional, friendly and courteous in all interactions with clients and co-workers 
Team player, adaptable to a changing environment 
Perform well in a busy operation and ability to remain calm under pressure 
Good organization skills, ability to prioritize 
Detail-oriented and problem solver 
Looking to obtain a solid business insurance foundation with an eye on career advancement 
Proficient in the Microsoft Office suite of products 
Experience with TAM, EPIC or other industry software is an asset 
Flexibility and adaptability to changing priorities, deadlines and technology. 
 Education and/or Experience: 
Post-secondary education – Insurance diploma preferred 
Previous P&C insurance office experience an asset 
 Certificates, Licenses, Registration: 
If not already RIBO licensed, to begin RIBO certification upon starting with team 
 Excellent benefits are offered:  competitive salary, group health and dental benefits, flexible leave days, group RRSP, social events, continuing education, etc. 
 NFP is committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace. We welcome and encourage applications from all qualified candidates. Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
