Skip to content 
 
 THE SECRETS SERIES 
 Tips for managing life's chaos and professional responsibilities! 
 Menu 
 
 About Angie and Blog 
 
 About Angie 
 Speaking and Training Clients 
 The Purpose of This Blog - The Secrets Series 
 
 
 Proofreading & Copy Editing Services 
 Books 
 
 Marketing & Sales  *  Uncategorized 
 Finding and Prospecting Jobs 
 September 1, 2016September 1, 2016   elitetrainings 
 I recently read a blog post that was designed to help freelancers find work. However, I think that some of the secrets listed can be applied to anyone looking for work. 
 The blog post is entitled  How to Get More Work as a Freelancer  by d.science. 
 If you have any other tips for finding work, be sure to leave a comment here. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 find work   freelancer   Job search   The Secrets Series 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Post What has travel taught me? 
 Next Post Identity Theft Causes Chaos: 8 Secrets to Protecting Your Identity 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Identity Theft Causes Chaos: 8 Secrets to Protecting Your Identity 
 Finding and Prospecting Jobs 
 What has travel taught me? 
 How to Get the Best of Yourself 
 About Page 101: Making Them Care 
 5 Qualities Of Successful People 
 
 Categories 
 
 Communication  (1) 
 Creative Thinking  (2) 
 Identity Theft  (1) 
 Leadership  (2) 
 Listening skills  (1) 
 Marketing & Sales  (3) 
 Mental Toughness  (3) 
 Organization  (1) 
 Thinking on Your Feet  (4) 
 Uncategorized  (3) 
 
 Archives 
 Archives Select Month February 2017  September 2016  August 2016  June 2016  March 2016  February 2016 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 thesecretsseries  on  What has travel taught me… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tanja  on  What has travel taught me… 
 
 
 Tom R. on  6 Techniques to Spark Cre… 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Recent Posts: The Travel Element 
 Lessons Learned From Traveling with Toddlers 
 Travelling with toddlers is hard work, some would say, not us, we love it! When we thought about travelling with our toddlers family and friends told us to wait until they were older, when they could remember the places we were travelling to; so that they too could benefit from all of the amazing experiences […] 
 Are You the Ideal Travel Partner? 
 “We need to talk” is a phrase you usually don’t want to hear when you’re in a “love” relationship. But for friends planning on traveling together, it’s a good starting point for a pre-trip discussion. Travel preparations are stressful so the last thing you want is to be stressed while you are actually on vacation […] […] 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
 %d bloggers like this: 
