Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Job Description 
 City of Colwood 
 __Colwood, BC 
 Apply Now 
 CITY OF COLWOOD 
JOB DESCRIPTION 
 TITLE:  MANAGER OF FINANCE 
 DEPARTMENT:  FINANCE 
 POSITION TYPE:  EXEMPT POSITION 
 LAST UPDATED:  NOVEMBER 2018 
 NATURE AND SCOPE OF WORK 
 Under the direction and supervision of the Director of Finance; the Manager of Finance contributes to 
the overall leadership of the City of Colwood as a member of the municipal leadership team and is 
responsible for a variety of complex duties including preparing annual financial statements and annual 
municipal financial reports, coordinating the annual audit process, managing general accounting 
operations, payroll services, customer service and purchasing. The Manager of Finance is responsible for 
the selection, training, and performance management of the Finance Department staff. 
 KEY DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES 
 In addition to those duties prescribed by Statute, Bylaw or resolution of Council, the powers, duties and 
 responsibilities of the Manager of Finance are: 
Management 
 
 Directly manages 5 – 10 office staff including the Senior Accounting Supervisor, 
 
 Purchaser/Accounting Technician, Accounting Clerk, Payroll and Benefits Co‐ordinator, Front 
Counter Support Clerk and casual admin staffing pool. 
 
 Responsible for performance management of staff, including evaluating suitability, coaching, 
 
 discipline up to and including suspension and termination in consultation with Senior Leadership. 
 
 Responsible for selecting, hiring and training staff, including supporting staff in their development 
 
 and achievement of annual goals and objectives. Identifies staff development needs and implements 
strategies to address. 
 
 Ensures actions are taken to maintain a productive team environment 
 Establish organization structure for program delivery 
 Accountable for safe work practices through their practice of due diligence and their understanding of the 
 
 role of WorkSafe BC and the statutory and regulatory requirements as they relate to their area of 
responsibility. Promotes safety through their active participation in all aspects of OSH programs including 
regular inspections, safety meetings, investigations and safety events. 
 
 Act as the Emergency Operations Center (EOC) Finance/Administration Section Chief in the case of an 
 
 EOC Activation. 
 
 Acts as the Director of Finance in the absence of the incumbent. 
 
 Accounting & Audit, including but not limited to: 
 
 Prepare the draft annual financial statements, financial statement notes, supporting schedules and 
 
 working papers; Lead annual audit (external auditors). 
 
 Prepare annual municipal financial reports such as LGDE & SOFI 
 Ensure application of relevant internal controls 
 
 pg. 1 MANAGER OF FINANCE | Approved Nov 2018 
 CITY OF COLWOOD 
JOB DESCRIPTION 
 
 Maintain City’s accounting software and general ledger. Implement upgrades and improvements as 
 
 required. 
 
 Ensure all general ledger accounts are analyzed and reconciled accurately 
 Oversee maintenance of debt records 
 
 Asset Management, including but not limited to: 
 
 Forecast sustainable infrastructure replacement amounts 
 Provide policy advice on implementation of asset management principles 
 Oversee asset inventory and act as super‐user for corporate asset management software 
 Prepare asset management related financial reports 
 
 Treasury 
 
 Assists Director of Finance in developing and implementing an investment strategy 
 Monitors cash flow needs, prepares cash flow projections, analyzes and recommends investments, 
 
 Initiates fund transfers as necessary. 
 
 Liaise with financial institutions representatives and monitors corporate adherence to investment 
 
 policy 
 Budget, including but not limited to: 
 
 Maintain integrity of City’s budget software. Oversee preparation of current year budget reports. 
 
 Provide support and advice to municipal departments on five year financial plan 
 
 Plan annual budget process in consultation with City departments. Monitor compliance with five year 
 
 plan 
 
 Present City’s consolidated five year financial plan & quarterly reports to Council in collaboration with 
 
 the Director of Finance. Respond to public inquires related to budget. 
 Purchasing, Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable, Payroll, Risk Management & Property Taxation: 
 
 Oversee the City’s purchasing function including the issuance of purchase orders & RFP’s as per the 
 
 City’s purchasing bylaw and purchasing treaty obligations. 
 
 Oversee the City’s Accounts Payable, Accounts Receivable and cash handling. 
 Manage the City’s Risk Management claims process including providing advice for policy and process 
 
 improvements. Administer City’s insurance policy and ensures compliance. 
 
 Acts as the City’s Collector as specified by the Community Charter, Local Government Act and any 
 
 other enactment as delegated by the Director of Finance 
 
 Calculates & levy’s the City’s property taxation rates, parcel tax levies for annual tax rate bylaw(s), 
 
 calculates sewer levy for annual sewer utility bylaw(s), oversees school tax and other taxation 
requisitions. 
 
 Oversees BCAA assessment supplementary adjustments, home owner processing and reporting 
 Oversees claims for Federal and Provincial payment in lieu of tax revenue 
 Oversees the City’s payroll and benefits program, ensuring accuracy and compliance. 
 
 pg. 2 MANAGER OF FINANCE | Approved Nov 2018 
 CITY OF COLWOOD 
JOB DESCRIPTION 
 MINIMUM TRAINING AND EXPERIENCE REQUIRED 
 
 Completion of Grade 12, or equivalent. 
 Completed degree or diploma in related business program with intermediate financial accounting courses. 
 Professional Accounting designation (CPA) 
 Minimum five years of related experience including supervisory experience 
 
 REQUIRED KNOWLEDGE, SKILLS AND ABILITIES 
 
 Strong project management, organizational and time management skills. Display a high degree of 
 
 integrity and professionalism 
 
 Ability to work under general direction with minimal supervision, and use sound independent 
 
 judgement in adapting and applying procedures to address and resolve unusual or problem 
situations. 
 
 Demonstrate understanding and successful application of the following competencies: 
 
 o Adaptability:  Willingness to be flexible in a changing environment. 
 o Relationship Building:  Establishes and maintains respectful and cooperative working 
 relationships. 
 o Effective Communication:  Communicates effectively, orally and written, with others. 
 o Problem Solving:  Recognizes and acts to resolve problems. 
 o Organization:  Organizes the work so that others will understand it and will be able to achieve 
 the City’s goals. 
 o Collaboration:  Uses a consultative approach to initiate and foster a spirit of cooperation to 
 achieve corporate goals. 
 o Customer Focus:  Provides excellent service to both internal and external customers. 
 o Personal insight and rapport:  Demonstrates the City’s values, awareness of strengths and 
 weaknesses, seeks feedback, fulfills commitments, and demonstrates the courage to do what 
is right. 
 
 Advanced computer skills, including the use of MS Office suite and municipal financial systems 
 
 REQUIRED LICENCES, CERTIFICATIONS AND REGISTRATIONS 
 
 Valid Class 5 BC driver license. 
 Satisfactory Criminal Record Check. 
 
 pg. 3 MANAGER OF FINANCE | Approved Nov 2018 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
