   Icon Close Menu 
 Welcome To 
 Northern Virginia 
 
 Blaze Your Path 
 Reimagine Your Life 
 A Culture for Everyone 
 Virtual Career Fairs 
 What’s New 
 About 
 Employer Resources 
 
   
 Upskilling 
 Overview 
 Forget the Career Ladder—Forge Your Own Path 
 Looking for a job in Northern Virginia? We’re here to help connect you with top employers throughout the region in a range of fields, from tech to sales to nursing. 
 Today’s employees will make five to seven career changes over their working lives – and Northern Virginia is the center of modern career opportunity. Whether you simply need a change of pace or have yet to discover your passion, you can safely take the leap in Northern Virginia thanks to our ample resources dedicated to helping people upskill, retrain or switch industries altogether. Access resources below to help you get started with your job search. 
 Quick Links 
 
  Link Icon Find a Job  
  Link Icon Company and Industry Clusters  
  Link Icon Entrepreneurship  
  External Link NOVA Workforce Courses  
 
 Quickly train and kickstart your career with FastForward 
 FastForward offers both in-person and virtual training options- many of which take mere weeks to complete compared to years. If you're interested in upgrading your career and ultimately your salary, browse FastForward's credentials from healthcare to IT to manufacturing and logistics. 
  LEARN MORE  
 Top 25 In-Demand Occupations 
 (12,071)  Software Developers, Applications 
 (5,367)  Managers, All Other 
 (4,631)  Computer Systems Engineers & Architects 
 (4,090)  Information Security Analysts 
 (3,732)  Registered Nurses 
 (3,155)  Sales Representatives, Wholesale & Manufacturing 
 (2,966)  Retail Salespersons 
 (2,936)  Management Analysts 
 (2,455)  Secretaries & Administrative Assistants 
 (2,435)  Network & Computer Systems Administrators 
 (2,255)  Human Resources Specialists 
 (2,139)  Computer User Support Specialists 
 (2,109)  Computer Systems Analysts 
 (2,095)  Information Technology Project Managers 
 (1,959)  Web Developers 
 (1,875)  Database Administrators 
 (1,818)  Customer Service Representatives 
 (1,763)  Retail Supervisors 
 (1,642)  Security Guards 
 (1,602)  Sales Managers 
 (1,410)  Software Quality Assurance Engineers & Testers 
 (1,332)  Accountants 
 (1,302)  General & Operations Managers 
 (1,262)  Computer Network Architects 
 (1,242)  Financial Analysts 
 Icon Arrow Icon Arrow 
 Digital Technology Credential 
 Are you a student considering a career in tech? Gain in-demand capabilities to get the most out of your field of study with this credential program designed in partnership with Capital Region universities and preeminent businesses. 
  capitalcolab.com  
 
 Tech Upskilling 
 Career Resources 
 
 The Path to Tech or Cybersecurity Career 
 Looking to get into tech? College students can apply for  Capital CoLAB ’s Digital Technology Credential, which allows students to learn essential tech skills while in school, and graduate qualified for tech jobs in the Capital Region, which have a median salary of $104,300. 
 SANS Institute , a leading provider of security training and certification, holds numerous training events throughout the year (both in-person and virtually) in Northern Virginia. Security University, SecureNinja and The Academy of Computer Education are just a few other local resources to get trained up in this in-demand occupation. It’s never too late to change your career trajectory. Come be a part of something brand new and cutting-edge—we’ll help you get there. 
 Other programs such as  Revature  and  Smoothstack  allow you to get hands-on training and experience in tech, and then help you land a job in IT at innovative, reputable companies in the region. 
 Jumpstart Your Career 
 Northern Virginia is ripe with resources to help you jumpstart or elevate your career whether you’re entry-level or senior in your field. 
 Virginia Career Works - Northern Region  offers job seekers everything from career coaching to comprehensive assessments and skills upgrading.  FastForward  offers a variety of credential training programs that will make hire-ready in no time. Northern Virginia Community College (NVCC) offers  online programs  to help you earn a degree or upskill from home.  NOVA Workforce  has numerous course options available from Business & Management to IT & Computer Skills (many of which are held online through Zoom). 
 For more on Northern Virginia’s top-tier colleges and universities, visit our  Higher Education  page. 
 Empowering Experienced Professionals 
 40Plus of Greater Washington is a volunteer-run non-profit organization with a 67-year track record of training and empowering Washington D.C. area professionals for successful career transitions. Come check out the Monday Morning Speaker Series and Career Transition Skills course. 
  40plusdc.org  
   
 Fairfax County Economic Development Authority 
8300 Boone Boulevard, Suite 450 
Tysons, Virginia 22182    703-790-0600  
                   
 
 Blaze Your Path 
 Reimagine Your Life 
 A Culture for Everyone 
 Virtual Career Fairs 
 What’s New 
 About 
 Employer Resources 
 
 Website by    DCI Logo  
 (C) 2021 Copyright  |   Privacy Policy  
 Icon Close Menu 
 Add Your Company 
 Submit your information below and we'll add your company to the cluster of employers currently hiring in Northern Virginia. Help us put you on the map for talent. 
 Company Name * 
 Industry * 
 - Select -Corporate HeadquartersDefense and AerospaceFinancial ServicesGovernment OrganizationsHealth and Life SciencesInformation Technology 
 Careers Page 
 LinkedIn 
 __ 
 Twitter 
 __ 
 Instagram 
 __ 
 Short Company Description * 
 Contact Name * 
 Email * 
 Phone * 
 Logo (Max 5MB | EPS, AI, SVG, PNG, JPG) * 
 
 File name:   
 File size: 
 Icon Close Menu 
 Join the Talent Pool 
 Want to stay in the loop on relevant job opportunities and information about living in Northern Virginia? Submit your information below and we'll be in touch. 
 First Name * 
 Last Name * 
 Email * 
 LinkedIn 
 __ 
 Industry * 
 - Select -Corporate HeadquartersDefense and AerospaceFinancial ServicesGovernment OrganizationsHealth and Life SciencesInformation Technology 
 Years Experience * 
 - Select -0-3 years4-9 years10+ years 
