Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 PPE Inventory Controller - (2) Part Time Temporary (approx. 6 months) - Markham Site 
 Markham Stouffville Hospital 
 __Markham, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Who we are: 
Markham Stouffville Hospital is a leading community hospital with two sites – Markham and Uxbridge sites and our new Reactivation Care Centre that has a reputation for excellence in progressive community care. The hospital is uniquely positioned with cutting edge technology, expansive new facilities and a supportive and welcoming community. With a focus on patient experience, safe, high quality care and innovation, our dedicated team of physicians, staff and volunteers provides care to over 300,000 patients a year. The hospital has capacity to grow a number of programs and services as we evolve to meet the needs of our growing community. We are dedicated to providing access to the right care, at the right time, in the right place by the right people and at the right cost. Are you ready to join us? 
 Who you are: 
You are an innovative and patient centered individual who provides excellence within their profession 
 You are a team player with excellent communication, critical thinking and customer service skills 
 You have vision, flexibility, transparency, honesty and practicality 
 You are organized, accurate, able to multi task and meet deadlines 
 You support the patient experience, your colleagues and others cultural and spiritual beliefs 
 You encompass MSH’s core values and live the words of Respect, Trust, Commitment, Compassion and Courage 
 What we need: 
This opportunity is open to individuals who are assertive, responsible, organized, and able to remain on their feet for long periods of time. They will be responsible for the day to day set up of unit par levels of PPE items, cart set ups, deliveries and item tracking. Data entry will also be needed to keep inventory controls and orders as required. 
 Work Schedule: 
The successful candidate must be available to work rotating shifts, Monday to Sunday, including statutory holidays. The successful candidate will rotate though 8 hour shifts day (7-3), evenings (3-11) and night (11-7) shifts. Schedules may change based on operational needs. 
 Compensation: 
 BAND TBD:  $18 per hour 
 What you bring to MSH: 
Successful completion of a high school diploma 
Ability to work both independently and cooperatively as a member of the care team 
Knowledge in word, excel and data entry preferred 
Promote and maintain a safe working environment 
Knowledge of routine precautions and medical supplies preferred 
Strong customer service, interpersonal and verbal communication skills 
Demonstrated ability to work well independently and as part of an inter-professional team 
Strong organizational skills and the ability to prioritize workload 
Assertive and able to seek assistance when needed 
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills 
Pleasant manner 
Be patient and compassionate 
Physically able to walk for duration of shift 
Demonstrated good attendance and performance records with the ability to maintain these same standards 
Demonstrates a commitment to a healthy and safe workplace for self and others (staff, patients, families, etc.) by taking all reasonable precautions and working in compliance with hospital related policies, health and safety legislation and best practices and completing relevant mandatory education as required 
 Markham Stouffville Hospital takes pride in serving some of Canada’s most diverse communities. We are committed to fostering an environment of equity and inclusivity where every person can work and receive care safely, openly and honestly. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, colour, religion, gender, gender identity or expression, sexual orientation, nation of origin, genetics, disability, age, veteran status, marital or family status, belief system, or other factors related to one’s personal identity and/or values. Furthermore, Markham Stouffville Hospital is committed to meeting the needs of all individuals in accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA) and the Ontario Human Rights Code. Should you require accommodations during the recruitment and selection process, please contact Human Resources. 
 Required Skills 
 Required Experience 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
