Skip to content 
 WRITERS POINT 
 Menu 
 
 About the Author 
 KARMA/SUFISIM 
 FROM 16th CENTURY TO 21st. 
 FUN/FOOD/CITY 
 ONEWORLD 
 india 
 
 
 Towards a world of words 
 Category: career plan 
   
 Parenting an issue ? 
 Mold it the way you want hold it till it doesn’t get firm after all they are your ‘Taare Zameen Par’ 
 October 20, 2016   iwriterspoint Leave a comment 
 _Today do we really need education of children, rather than we need to educate on parenting issues, Earlier if we see mostly women or mother were not educated and used to work around the household chores, time changed and so the thinking that a women should be educated to know her rights and to guide through her kids well, But to the grit do we find that today’s young working and much educated women’s are very unstable in relationship building and carrying them ahead, why so? 
I am dealing largely with the students and so with their parents, to extend of my surprise, I have came across time and again that now when we have sent the kids to study here our responsibility is over? My mind struck on how can parents, ever withdraw by saying so. 
Are we being parents too busy to see what is going on in our children life? Are we trying to understand and to communicate with the children? Do we get time on dinner tables to discuss the whole day activities? 
 _ All we have is social media communication parents are added in friends list, and the days are celebrated as they have their parents for that particular day i.e. Mother’s Day, Father’s Day and so on  _. **Our relations are largely today depending on days, the guidance that used to start from homes earlier now starts from the crèche or day care? Give a thought before you leave your toddler in the hands of strangers? 
 **__ Build a place for interaction and communication _  to discipline kids from toddlers to teens to adolescents there are many ways for parents to improve building strong communication channel and a positive relationships.  ** 
 _Parenting Techniques:- 
_**Try to spend time on a regular basis to do something fun with your child, in doing so many things can be observed in children, Adolescents , discipline is the demand of this time so try to implement in front of the children. Agree on what behavior is desirable and not desirable. Today we hardly respond on undesirable behavior of the children. Look for gradual changes in behavior. Don’t expect too much. Praise behavior that is coming closer to the desired goal. Reward desirable behavior as much as possible by verbal praise, touch or something tangible such as a toy, food or money. 
 The “3 Fs” of Effective Parenting:- 
 Firm:-  Consequences should be clearly stated and then adhered to when the inappropriate behavior occurs. 
 Fair:-  The punishment should fit the crime. Also in the case of recurring behavior, consequences should be stated in advance so the child knows what to expect. 
 _ 
Friendly:-_  Use a friendly but firm communication style to let children share everything with you as a friend instead they share it anywhere else and get an inappropriate advice. 
 INEFFECTIVE PARENTING EFFECT’S:-  ** 
 _ This is notably because youth is a time for experimentation and identity forming:- **_ _ 
 __Drug abuse among children and adolescents is higher this is notably because youth is a time for  experimentation and identity forming . (This is the time when they try to find out the person in them the Physical and psychological changes as well plus these days the negligence and peer following are some of the major reasons why adolescents are the vulnerable population to fall prey of this giant abuse) Followed by an association with particular youth subcultures and lifestyles fashion and to trend among their peers, 
__ 
 Report:- 
 _ In India an NGO survey revealed that 63.6 % of patients coming in for treatment were introduced to drugs at a young age below 15 years. According to another report 13.1% of the people involved in drug and substance abuse in India, are below 20 years.  Heroin, Opium, Alcohol, Cannabis and Propoxyphene  is the five most common drugs being abused by children in India. A survey shows that of all alcohol, cannabis and opium users 21%, 3% and 0.1% are below the age of eighteen. An emerging trend about child drug abusers is the use of a cocktail of drugs through injection, and often sharing the same needle, which increases their risk of HIV infection. Overall 0.4% and 4.6% of total treatment seekers in various states were children. 
 Lack of Parental Guidance and Communication which is acting as a helping agent:- 
 W.H.O. Report:-  _ ** 
 If current trends continue, 250 million children alive today will be killed by tobacco." The incidence of drug abuse among children and adolescents is higher than the general population. This is notably because youth is a time for experimentation and identity forming. _ 
 Lack of Education and Sensitization:- **  _ 
 _ There is a major problem in India that there are no sensitization programmes about drug abuse in schools or for children out of school. The use of tobacco is another major concern amongst children. In India 20 million children a year and nearly 55,000 children a day are drawn into a tobacco addition. 
 Street children and risks attached to them.:- 
 The use of certain drugs such as whitener, alcohol, tobacco, hard and soft drugs is especially wide spread among street children, working children and trafficked children the high use of intravenous drugs is accompanied by sharing of needles and hence a high prevalence of HIV/AIDS. Children affected by Substance Abuse and other criminal activities they fall in.  _ 
 NGO’s ,Help Groups, Psychologists, Therapist’s, Correction centers :- 
__ 
There are many NGO’s and Help groups which are working day and night to Echo on such social evils and the role of proper Parenting techniques. Not only substance abuse but now we have internet as a source of wrong information provider and a place to get trapped in wrong groups and sites. 
Parents should acknowledge the source of information what their kids are getting and how to put restrictions on them. They should understanding the unique needs of a toddler or adolescent, seeking alternatives to time-outs or punishment, or ending physical or emotional violence within the family, Violence is another cause that children notice at home and get emotional trauma and to deal with it they fall prey of various ill habits, plus the family structure in India is also a bigger reason of parenting problems, 
__ 
**_The nuclear family system:- 
 _The nuclear family system and suspending the traditional joint family system where children used to have someone always at home to look after them and their activities. 
** 
_**At last you are the one who is the first listener, the incentive provider, the guide, first friend, teacher, role model, critics and an observer who else can better guide and judge the kids then the parents themselves but if things go wrong way always seek help!!! 
 Mold it the way you want hold it till it doesn’t get firm after all they are your ‘Taare Zameen Par’ ** 
 Posted in  career plan ,  communication ,  counseling ,  education ,  parenting ,  Psychology Tagged  childhood ,  communication ,  NGO’s ,Help Groups, Psychologists, Therapist’s, Correction centers ,  parenting ,  Relationships 
   
 Some Of my feature stories 
 My first love lock was writing my last lock to writing. 
 August 27, 2016September 25, 2016   iwriterspoint 1 Comment 
   
   
   
   
   
   
 Posted in  career plan ,  communication ,  crime ,  education ,  Metro begging ,  ONE WORLD ,  politique ,  TERROR Tagged  communication ,  contentwriting ,  editorial ,  featurewriter ,  fortnightly ,  journalism ,  newspaper ,  WORLD 
   
 ‘Failure’ is not the last key to unsuccessful Life. 
 Do remember failure is the key to success do not lose hope-‘Hold the key to door till it doesn’t gets unlock ‘Every performer has his own place on a stage; it is set just mark your place’ and identify the best suited role you can play. 
 June 16, 2016June 16, 2016   iwriterspoint 31 Comments 
 ‘Failure’ is not the last key to   unsuccessful Life. 
 __ 
 Career Plan  this is the high time when schools and colleges are busy with admissions, and students and parents busy dealing with the overall stress, of their kids previous examination performance and of the upcoming competition’s and the related stressors and overall scenario whether it is the monetary fixation and deciding upon what educational stream their kids should opt for from my past experience as a counselor. 
 I have found that most of the students are primarily confused about the course or program me they want to make their career in, second thing that they face immense pressure of their parents, friends relatives etc. 
 Peer pressure is commonly found factor among the youngster to opt the same as their friends are opting, although the point to ponder on is our interest, the understanding knowledge of a particular subject, retaining power of brain the capacity and capability to perform in a particular course. 
 Every Program is differently designed and so is the understanding power of the students. The stressors to opt a program even after knowing the performance of their kid’s parents insist due to societal stigma of having their kids to be seen as doctors and engineers. 
 This is 21st century use the resource of well being around you, study about various subjects, the openings related, arrange meetings with counselors, talk to parents, but do not only buy a subject because of its market value, first evaluate yourself, All you have to do is you have to do it no one else select a program according to your performance level and believe me every subject has its own place and everyone can do wonders in life. 
 **_Identify your problems 
 _** 
 **_Primarily identification and interpretation of stressors, secondly analysis the available resources that can help you to get out of the situations, then to cop up with the stress factors, as at every stage of life we have to perform there is no escapism to live life. Situations those are not favorable acts as an stressor and generates the feeling of fear anxiety, effecting the performance. Identify your fear factors analysis and talk about them, these days communication gap between parents and children is wider and thus it is a major factor. 
 _**__Do remember failure is the key to success do not lose hope-‘Hold the key to door till it doesn’t gets unlock ‘Every performer has his own place on a stage; it is set just mark your place’ and identify the best suited role you can play. 
 BY S.L.Bilgrami__ 
 Posted in  career plan ,  communication ,  counseling ,  education ,  India ,  Psychology Tagged  CAREERPLAN ,  communication ,  education 
 Recent Posts 
 
 JANTA CURFEW, 
 Self Colonization and Religious sentiments 
 IF YOU DON’T WANT TO CRY LATER KNOW ‘WannaCry ransomware’ EARLIER. 
 Black Money or Blacksheep 
 Parenting an issue ? 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 login id idn poker  on  ‘Failure’ is not the last key… 
 
 
 
 
 
 metodo per dimagrire…  on  International YOGA DAY. 
 
 
 
 full body massage pr…  on  ‘Failure’ is not the last key… 
 
 
 
 capsa susun mod apk…  on  International YOGA DAY. 
 
 
 
 Escorts In Wirral  on  ‘Failure’ is not the last key… 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 October 2020 
 April 2019 
 May 2017 
 March 2017 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 
 Search 
 Search Select Category Apple ART, ARTOFLIVING, begging Black Money bollywood career plan cinema commitment communication counseling crime Diwali, Economy education European art, England and American art forms faith FOOD FOOD AND FUN AND FACTS General GOD AND MAN Human body INDEPENDENCE India INDIAN FESTIVALS iNDIAN saints INTERNATIONAL AGENDA INTERNATIONAL YOGA DAY Islam LAND OF COLOURS love Matrimony Mental health Metro begging movie Myths,Societal Trauma october, ONE WORLD parenting People, Pets PHOTOGRAPHY DAY photography,art, politique Psychology RAKSHABANDHAN relations renaissance Spritual TECH NO LO GY technological singularity, TERROR Witty 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 writerspoint 
 
 writerspoint 
 
 Image 
 Nature at Rishikesh The Ganga 
 MYSELF 
 iwriterspoint 
 I am trying hard to be honest with in the 'spearhead of my writing techniques' 
  View Full Profile ->  
 Talk now 
 
 About the Author 
 KARMA/SUFISIM 
 FROM 16th CENTURY TO 21st. 
 FUN/FOOD/CITY 
 ONEWORLD 
 india 
 
 fotografia 
 
 fotografia 
 
 Follow WRITERS POINT on WordPress.com 
 Social 
 
 
 
 Instagram 
 No Instagram images were found. 
 Fotographia 
   
   
 Hands play a major role in Indian cooking, 
   
 Amity university Jaipur 
   
 Clay and Molds, Idols and the makers 
   
   
   
   
 Almost vanished away beauty of ponds. 
   
   
   
 Beauty untold 
 Blogroll 
 
 Discuss  0 
 Get Inspired  0 
 Get Polling  0 
 Get Support  0 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Community 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Social 
 
 [View saman bilgrami's profile on Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/saman bilgrami/) 
 View S.journo's profile on Twitter 
 [View saman bilgrami's profile on LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/saman bilgrami/) 
 View roserust's profile on YouTube 
 View roserust's profile on Google+ 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 83 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Link 
   RSS - Posts 
   RSS - Comments 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
