The Kingdom 
 Here Be Dragons, Here Be Dreams 
   
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
 Statement of faith 
 The Author 
 Photos 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 Here be Dragons 
 Here be Dreams 
 Salvation 
 Parables, the Kingdom of God is like … 
 
 
 Books 
 Recommended links 
 Contact 
 
 
 Ask the Creatures   Book reviews   Characters   Contemplation   Covenant   Faith   Friendship   Glory   Harvest   Here be Dragons   Here be Dreams   Hope   Journey   Kingdom   Living water   Mystery   Overcoming   Parables   Path   Power   Salvation   Signs   Songs and Psalms   Soul   Spiritual Warfare   Story   The Author   The Beginning   The Book   The Bread Of Life   The Good Shepherd   The King   The Light Of The World   The Lion and The Lamb   The Waiting Room   The Word of God   Video   War   Wisdom for the Way   Written in the Stars 
 Follow The Kingdom on WordPress.com 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 237 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Tag Archives for Job 30:22 
 Out of the storm 
 **Have you ever asked, "Where is God?" ** 
 Lt. Dan in the movie Forrest Gump certainly did, asking Forrest "where's this God of yours then?" Forrest remarked, "Its really funny that Lt. Dan said that, because right then,  God showed up ." I like the scene because this puny man is having a big fight with God. 
 " You lift me up to the wind and cause me to ride; And You dissolve me in a storm." Job 30:22 
 ♦◊♦◊♦ 
 __ God must have answered Lt. Dan in the storm because when it ended, he was at peace, a changed man. 
 Sometimes, God's answer is in the storm. There is a scripture that says " _Then the Lord spoke to Job out of the storm. Job 38:1 ″ _ 
 
 That's how it happened for me. I wasn't as defiant as Lt. Dan, but emotionally I felt just as amputated. 
 The question "where was God?" caused friction with one of my friends, but its a question I  had to  ask. It is okay to question and ask God where He was. We've got to be real. 
 Some years ago, I had my own storm. I wasn't able to call God "Father", just Lord. I believe the word "Father" has a lot more trust in it than "Lord". Finally, I asked God "Where  were  you when my only brother died?" 
 His answer is in my book. 
 After God answered, I had peace, just like Lt. Dan. Now I am able to call Him Father. 
 Sometimes the Lord calms the storm. Sometimes He lets the storm rage and calms the soul. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Email 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 September 4, 2013  by  Jo-Blogs  Categories:  Faith ,  Soul ,  Wisdom for the Way  | Tags:  Contemplation ,  humanity ,  Inspiration ,  Job 30:22 ,  Kingdom of God ,  meditation ,  rainbow ,  religion ,  self-help ,  Soul ,  spirituality ,  Storm ,  Story ,  Truth ,  wisdom  |   Leave a comment 
 Post navigation 
 Books 
 
 Free eBook offer 
 Contact me after buying 'The End, the Wayfarers Guide To The Apocalypse' and I will send you 'The Kingdom, Here Be Dragons, Here Be Dreams' as a free eBook. 
 Blogroll 
 
 Eleanor's Nothing Book 
 Red Sky in the Morning 
 
 Follow The Kingdom on WordPress.com 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 The Thread 
 A Braided rope 
 2020 vision 
 The heart of the matter 
 With Jesus, we're all one 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
