  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Nottingham, England 
 Rate:  Up to £18.93 per hour + Umbrella Ltd dependant on experience 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Health & Safety Advisor 
 A housing association based in Nottinghamshire is looking for a Health & Safety Advisor to join their team. 
 This is a full time, temporary ongoing agency role and the successful candidate must have a full Degree Level Health & Safety qualification, experience with Housing/Residential/Construction health & safety, fire risk and compliance and ideally have a strong background in housing projects. 
 The main purpose of the role is to deliver the client's health & safety, fire safety and emergency control management systems, ensuring compliance and continual improvement. 
 The main experience needed to undertake the role as a Health & Safety Advisor are as follows; 
 Specialising in one, and providing cover in all of the following areas: Health and Safety, Construction Design and Management, and Fire Safety. 
Carrying out the statutory duties of the Principal Designer (regulation 11; Construction Design and Management Regulations 2015) and the Competent Persons (regulation 7(1); Management of Health & Safety at Work Regulations 1999 and article 18(1); Regulatory Reform (Fire Safety) Order 2005). 
The upkeep of our health and safety, fire safety and emergency control management systems 
Contributing to and delivering the Risk Management Team's annual team plan 
Providing professional support and advice to company managers and employees, partners and customers, providing imaginative solutions to a wide and complex range of issues. 
 The successful candidate will be able to demonstrate the following competencies/attributes; 
 NVQ4 or equivalent in health and safety or Advanced fire risk assessor 
Holder or willing to work towards CMIOSH or MIFireE, or equivalent 
In depth knowledge of current H&S;, fire safety or emergency planning and business continuity legislation and best practice 
Able to demonstrate specialist skills, knowledge and experience in health & safety in social housing, Construction Design & Management Regulations, or fire safety. 
 The client is looking to move quickly with appointing to this position and as such, are offering a rate of £18.93 p/hr Umbrella Ltd (Approx. 
 £490 p/week NET after deductions) for the duration of the assignment. 
 If this position sounds of interest, please email a copy of your up to date CV to jamal.cantwell@servicecare.org.uk or call Jamal at Service Care Construction on 01772 208967. 
 Not interested in this role but know somebody who could be? Refer a friend today and receive up to £250 per referral if they are successfully placed by SC Construction! 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  Ongoing 
 
 
 Rate:  Up to £18.93 per hour + Umbrella Ltd dependant on experience 
 
 
 Location:  Nottingham, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Construction 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208967 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-07 17:22:13 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Customer Service Advisor 
 Cleaner 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Recovery Worker 
 Mental Health Recovery Worker 
 Channel Sales Manager 
 Senior Children's Support Worker 
 Social Worker 
 Talent Acquisition Coordinator  
 Recovery Worker 
 Environmental Health Officer 
 Food Safety Officer 
 Environmental Health Officer 
 Theatre Nurse 
 Domestic Assistant 
 Planning Manager 
 Head of Highways 
 Hospital Cleaner 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
