Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Store Manager 
 StorageMart 
 __Innisfil, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Description : 
Self-storage is one of the fastest growing sectors of the retail sales industry. StorageMart is one of the largest independent providers of self storage for business and domestic customers in Canada, the United States and the U.K. 
 StorageMart is currently seeking an energetic and proactive Site Manager. 
 Responsibilities : 
Provide outstanding customer service by assisting customers with their storage needs 
Assist reservation and walk-in customers in renting storage units (no cold calling!) 
Sell merchandise, moving and packaging supplies 
Ensure the property is customer ready - making the property appearance safe and welcoming 
Manage, verify, balance cash drawer and prepare deposits 
 Qualifications : 
Experience in retail sales, hospitality, customer service or casual dining 
Excellent customer service skills 
Detail oriented with strong organizational and time management skills 
Willingness to work outside, clean units and maintain grounds 
Valid driver's license and vehicle/insurance required (mileage paid!) 
Reliable transportation to, from and during work 
Basic computer skills and physical ability to do the job (lifting up to 50 pounds, walking large sites, etc). 
 About StorageMart: 
StorageMart is a family owned business that sets the bar high for self-storage. Easy. Clean. Service. We live by those words. Come join our team and give your career a jump-start to a bright future. 
 We offer a competitive total compensation package that includes a base hourly rate ($15.75 - $16.25), commission opportunities, medical insurance, rich employer contributions to your retirement savings, and paid time off. 
 Committed to good work/life balance with flexible schedules. 
 Related Careers:  Customer Service, Site Manager, Manager, Service Industry, Store Manager, Management, Hospitality, Sales, Retail, Property Management, Real Estate, Manufacturing, Food Industry, General Labor, Supervisor, General Manager, Moving and Storage Industry, etc. Storage-Mart, Storage Mart 
 Skills 
Preferred 
Teamwork 
Behaviors 
Preferred 
 Detail Oriented:  Capable of carrying out a given task with all details necessary to get the task done well 
 Team Player:  Works well as a member of a group 
 Enthusiastic:  Shows intense and eager enjoyment and interest 
Motivations 
Preferred 
 Job Security:  Inspired to perform well by the knowledge that your job is safe 
 Work-Life Balance:  Inspired to perform well by having ample time to pursue work and interests outside of work 
 Self-Starter:  Inspired to perform without outside help 
 Entrepreneurial Spirit:  Inspired to perform well by an ability to drive new ventures within the business 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
