Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Business Development Manager - Mortgage Sales 
 Mortgage Blox Funding, Inc 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description 
 Business Development Manager – Mortgage Sales 
 Ottawa and Eastern Ontario 
 Be on the ground floor of this dynamic team in mortgage lending, a true boutique lender that thinks outside the box in order to help mortgage brokers and other referral partners provide opportunities and satisfy their borrower’s lending needs. 
 Define your own path, and make Mortgage Blox Funding your new professional home and a rewarding permanent career solution. We are committed to attracting and retaining top mortgage solutions sales talent throughout Canada. 
 We have a very competitive boutique mortgage product base and an aggressive commission pay structure. 
 Job Description: 
 The Business Development Manager (“BDM”) drives maximum growth, develops prospective accounts, and maintains loan production from active accounts. This is a 100% commission performance based role but the plan is very attractive and rewards handsomely. 
 · Meet or exceed monthly and annual sales goals 
 · Develop detailed strategic sales plans to demonstrate how to grow business within assigned accounts or territory 
 · Identifies and qualifies opportunities, develops a pipeline of viable opportunities and effectively manages the pipeline with the account team, including timely follow up of all leads and advancing leads through the selling process to close 
 · Provides accurate forecasts, customer, competitive and market intelligence to management and business leadership and to the underwriting team 
 · Understands and demonstrates an in-depth understanding of Mortgage Blox Programs, content and solutions including the ability to articulate competitive differentiators and our value proposition 
 · Ability to create business relationships with mortgage brokers, construction companies, land developers, commercial and residential real estate agents, lawyers, bankruptcy trustees and other referral partners. 
 · Other duties as assigned 
 Qualifications: 
 · At lease 2 years proven mortgage sales experience in B2B or B2C selling environment 
 · Mortgage or finance industry knowledge 
 · Active Mortgage Agent license an asset but not required 
 · College degree or equivalent experience 
 · Self-driven, motivated and results oriented with new business sales (or hunter) mentality 
 · Strong new business prospecting, selling, negotiating and closing skills 
 · Strong English verbal and written communication skills including the ability to present to an executive-level audience. French will be an asset, other languages a definite plus. 
 · Ability to effectively partner and collaborate across teams 
 · Strong understanding and use of Strategic Selling techniques. 
 Skills 
 · Strong communication skills to confidently explain information and converse with customers/clients 
 · High degree of ethics, motivation, self-discipline and drive to success. 
 · Organizational skills to effectively process all paperwork/products 
 · Self-confidence to take the initiative to approach potential customers/clients 
 · Ability to work remotely and with minimum of supervision. 
 · Achievement-motivated to work with Mortgage Blox to set and surpass realistic goals 
 You will be supported by our Barrie, Ontario office. This is however a remote position. 
 If you have a strong desire to make unlimited income and be part of a dynamic and fast growing company then we would like to hear from you. 
 Expected start date: September 2020 
 Job Types: Full-time, Commission, Permanent 
 Job Types: Full-time, Commission 
 Additional pay: 
 
 Bonus pay 
 Commission pay 
 
 Benefits: 
 
 Casual dress 
 Company events 
 Flexible schedule 
 Work from home 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 Experience: 
 
 mortgage sales: 2 years (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 Yes 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
