
 Work at Home FAQ™ 
 A lot of life happens from 9am to 5pm, do you really want to spend it in a cubicle? 
 Primary Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 About 
 Learn 
 Press 
 Reviews 
 Subscribe 
 Ask us anything! 
 
 Search 
 Secondary Menu 
 
 Mystery Shopping Monday 
 Track Your Treasure Tuesday 
 Work at Home Wednesday 
 Talkin' Shop Thursday 
 Fraud Friday 
 
 Our Promise: NO fluff, NO BS, NO scams, NO "get rich quick" schemes... 
 Just the honest truth about working from home with legitimate companies and resources to get you started and keep you motivated! 
 Check it out! 
 Post navigation 
 <- Can I tell my friends that I'm a Mystery Shopper? 
 How to Create Multiple Income Streams from One Idea -> 
 The Difference Between Work at Home Jobs and Work at Home Opportunities 
 Posted on   by  
 Watch this episode on YouTube: 
 Listen to this episode on Soundcloud: 
 Work at Home FAQ  ·  The Difference Between Work at Home Jobs and Work at Home Opportunities 
 Dear WAHFAQ, 
 I 've been looking online for work at home jobs, and it seems like every one wants me to pay money. Are they all just scams? 
 While you're surfing online for "work at home" jobs, you'll see many ads from companies that require fees to get started. Keep in mind that these types of offers aren't necessarily scams. 
 The company wants you to buy into an  opportunity  , as opposed to get hired for a  job . Granted, the company may be advertising in the wrong section…they should be under "Business Opportunities" instead of "Help Wanted" but they chose to post an ad where it would get the most views. They're also probably using phrases like: 
 Be your own boss! 
 Unlimited income potential! 
 Flexible work hours! 
 This alone doesn't make them a scam, just inaccurate advertisers. There is a big difference, and it's important that you know the distinction between "Jobs" and "Opportunities" before you go crying, "It's a scam!" at every ad and website. 
 Jobs  consist of work that you do to help an employer reach their goals. 
 Jobs  may pay you per hour or per assignment. 
 Jobs  may classify you as an employee or an independent contractor. 
 Jobs  may allow you to work from home or require you to work at a specific location. 
 Examples of Jobs (either of the "employee" or "independent contractor" variety): Merchandising, virtual assisting, babysitting, online tutoring, phone book delivery, etc. 
 Pros of having a JOB 
 -You are not responsible for the overall health of the business. 
-Can be consistent income with regular hours. 
-Can come with benefits like paid vacation days or health insurance. 
-May provide you with a sense of security in having a steady paycheck. 
 Cons of having a JOB 
 -The company could go under, merge, or downsize you at any time. 
-Flexibility of hours is limited. 
-Someone is constantly evaluating your performance. 
-Someone else determines your hourly worth. (I  hate  this.) 
 On the other side, we have "Opportunities": 
 Opportunities  mean that you run your own business. 
 Opportunities  require training in the industry. 
 Opportunities  require that you find your own customers. 
 Opportunities  may require a financial investment. 
 Opportunities  usually pay on a commission basis. 
 Opportunities  may have a residual aspect to your compensation. 
 Examples of Opportunities: Running a Subway™ franchise, selling Avon, Tupperware, etc., affiliate programs (selling on eBay™ or Amazon™), and running a website with ads on it. 
 Pros   of having an Opportunity 
 
 Unlimited income potential. 
 You are your own boss and make your own hours. 
 You can hire other people to do the grunt work. 
 You can structure your business to run automatically, so that you make money 24 hours a day. 
 You receive a ton of tax deductions. 
 
 Cons of having an Opportunity 
 
 Most small business owners work much more than a 40-hour week, especially in the beginning. 
 You are responsible for keeping track of your money and taxes and abiding by all laws. 
 You may not be successful. 
 Working on your own business is very solitary. You won't have coworkers to chat with. 
 You will have a learning curve (the products, the company, marketing, and advertising). 
 There is always something new to learn to help your business grow, and you will always have to invest money and time into your business. 
 
 When you’re looking at job ads online, or happen upon a website that has job listings, keep these things in mind as you scrutinize the ads. Use your deductive reasoning skills and ask yourself: "Is this a  job  or an  opportunity ?" 
 Remember, companies like Avon require money to get started. Avon is not a scam, but it sure as heck isn't a job. And, you never know…you might just find the  perfect opportunity  that fulfills you more than any job could. 
     Think about all the extra money you could make by being a mystery shopper, starting your own business, or working from home for a  legitimate  company.  Take control of your income  and check out our  LEARN  page for a list of classes, books, and more! 
 Sign up for the Work at Home FAQ newsletter   and enter to win monthly giveaways like free books, classes, or telephone/Skype consultations! 
 Disclaimer: Links to products and services throughout the website, videos, and blog may or may not contain affiliate links. This means, we may or may not earn a small commission from sales originating through this website.  We would not recommend any product that we wouldn’t use ourselves, regardless of whether we earn commission or not. 
 Additionally, while we adhere to strict standards of editorial integrity to help you make decisions with confidence, the content provided is a means to educate and inform and should not be a substitution for professional advice for your specific situation. 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) 
 Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Related 
 Posted in  Work at Home Wednesday  | Tagged  home based business opportunities ,  work at home jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 Post navigation 
 <- Can I tell my friends that I'm a Mystery Shopper? 
 How to Create Multiple Income Streams from One Idea -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 Pinterest 
 YouTube 
 Instagram 
 SoundCloud 
 
 Start making extra income today! Updated books available now! 
   
 Search 
 Quick Reference 
 Work at Home FAQ 
 Mystery Shopping FAQ 
 Get the newsletter and receive info on legitimate work at home jobs, freelance gigs, how to avoid scams, mystery shopping, and self-employment! 
 Name  Email Address 
 Submit 
 Categories 
 Work at Home Questions 
 Scam Questions 
 Mystery Shopping Questions 
 Home Business Questions 
 Money Management Questions 
 Home Business Profiles 
 Videos 
 Follow us on Facebook! 
 
 Follow us on Facebook! 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 Pinterest 
 YouTube 
 Instagram 
 SoundCloud 
 
  Privacy Statement, Policies, and Disclaimers  
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Our Commitment 
 
 Work at Home FAQ is a 
 Queen of the Random Job  site 
 Copyright © 2021  Work at Home FAQ™ . All Rights Reserved. 
 I defend my copyright 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
