We're proud to announce that Work ThisWay Beta has officially launched. 
  Read More  
   
 Sign in   Sign up 
 Search for: __ 
 Sign in   Sign up 
 Search for: __ 
   
 Sign in   Sign up 
 Search for: __ 
 Sign in   Sign up 
 Search for: __ 
 We're in This Together 
 Have you been affected by COVID-19? 
Get jobs matched to you. We are here to help! 
 Get Started Now 
 Are You Or Your Company Still Actively Hiring? 
  Find Qualified Candidates  
 Working For You and 
 Adapting to Change 
 Like many companies, how we work seemingly changed overnight. We remain online and committed to improving candidate experience to offer solutions to those affected by COVID-19. 
 See Where Your Skills 
 Are Needed 
 Get matched to jobs with our proprietary unbiased matching engine. We take into account your entire work history, including transferable skills. Contribute your expertise today! 
 Discover How We Can Help You 
 If you have lost your job as a result of the COVID-19 pandemic, submit your resume and/or 
LinkedIn to find temp and full-time jobs matched for you 
 Lost your job during  COVID-19 Crisis ? 
 Submit your Resume or LinkedIn Profile for access to new jobs. 
 
 Name 
 
 First Last 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 Linkedin Profile 
 
 
 Resume 
 
 
 Drop files here or 
 
 
 Would you like to join our Job Companion Beta? 
 
 Yes 
 Not Today 
 
 
 
 Please select yes and you will be the first of 500 to join our Maslo job companion beta. 
 What is  Work ThisWay? 
 Work ThisWay is the newest product released by HR Technology experts at ThisWay Global. We specialize 
in candidate-to-job matching to make things easier for you to find the perfect job fit. 
 Asset 1@300xCreated with Sketch. 
 1. Update Your Resume 
 Make sure your resume is up-to-date. Add your mobile number or any other way you wish to be contacted in your resume. 
 Asset 2@300xCreated with Sketch. 
 2. We Apply For You 
 Once in our matching engine, we will comb through thousands of open jobs, matching you to jobs that best fit your skill set. 
 Asset 3@300xCreated with Sketch. 
 3. Check Your E-mail 
 We can’t guarantee you’ll receive a match immediately, but when you do, it will be directly from the employer. 
 Stay informed on the developing COVID-19 pandemic. 
  Check out these resources for information and prevention methods.  
 Learn More About ThisWay Global And 
 Talent Acquisition Solutions 
  View Our Products  
   
 © 2021 -  Work ThisWay  | Your Job Companion 
