S.C. Dane 
 Paranormal Romance 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
   
 <- Gypsy Writer Divorcee 
 The Gypsy is Reborn -> 
 The Job and the Leaving 
 Posted on  July 8, 2018  |  2 Comments 
 In that order. Though to be honest, the leaving had begun before I'd gone searching for the job. The decision had formed so incrementally I hadn't even known I'd been forming one. Until one day, as ordinary and as profound as opening your eyes to a new day, I realized that walking away was my only option. 
 Having been married at this point for twenty years, that's a long-ass dawning. 
 Except, you know that seven year itch? I'd gotten it. Way back then, merely seven years into our marriage, and I had audaciously scratched it by having an honest talk with the Hubs. Which went something like this: Hubs and I had gone to bed just like any other night-me first and him coming in sometime later. (Which was another red flag of doom, but I won't unravel the thread here.) Anyway, the story: Our bed didn't have a head board and was pushed up against the bedroom window-right at mattress level-exactly how we both liked it. 
 We were both in bed with the window open at our heads. Hubs was sleeping on his back and I was on my stomach, staring out into the night-because the window was right there at my face and I was staring out, breathing, and staring inward, too. That kind of thing. I was awake and hubs was just starting to doze and I gave words to the ache in my heart.  God,  I remember even all this time later the knot squeezing my throat, making my voice queer. The writer in me would say "reedy" but… 
I said, "I don't think I'm in love with you anymore." 
 Hubs opened his eyes. It was dark, yeah, but you know how you know? It was like that. He woke up a little, my words registering along the cusp of his dreams. Then he sort of sighed, or his breathing changed, so I knew he was awake. 
Staring out into the night and breathing that fresh air, I said, "I mean, I love you with all my heart, but I don't think I'm in love with you." My tone was utterly apologetic. I was apologizing for the hurtful thing I was saying because I did love him. For the things that was a list trailing the length of my arm.  But . The one thing erasing that list, or regaling it to next-to-nothingness? I truly and utterly believed he didn't love me. 
 Hubs had never been intentionally hurtful or hateful-and right there was the awfulness in what I was admitting. He was a good man. An honest man. A kind man, even. 
 But he was a neglectful man, and I needed attention. Which was stupid, right? And selfish. So, so ruinously selfish. I was laying there, staring off into the depths of the night, and I was telling hubs he was awful and not good enough and I didn't love him anymore because he didn't pay enough attention to me. 
 How self-absorbed it sounded! Which was why the apologetic tone oozed out of me as I was admitting my pain. My pain was self-ascribed, something that was my problem, not his. He'd done nothing wrong. Therefore, I had. There was something wrong with me! And as I stared inwardly into the night in front of me, my admission blasted away the barriers to truth…which was that I didn't need to leave him and change my address. I needed to change the address in my head! I needed to change how I saw our relationship! If I did that, if I did away with my expectations then I would see how much he loved me. Who wouldn't love that back?!?! 
 Well, you see the problem here, don't you? 
 My epiphany disguised my cowardice as handily as a magician draping a kerchief over a table. I had caved. I had forgiven. I had shouldered the blame, making it all mine and somehow molding it into a newfound and shiny nugget of true love. 
 Yeah. 
 No wonder I escaped into writing novels about sex and monsters. In the next installment of Gypsy Writer Divorcee, I'll get us closer to the leaving for the job part. 
 ~S.C. Dane 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 More 
 
 
 
 Click to print (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  Gypsy Writer Divorcee ,  Weekly Posts  and tagged  #divorce #travel . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 <- Gypsy Writer Divorcee 
 The Gypsy is Reborn -> 
 2 responses to "The Job and the Leaving" 
 
 Jane Blackwood |   July 8, 2018 at 4:56 pm  |  Reply 
 
 There is truth when you say you had left in your mind before you left in body. 
 * [S.C. Dane](https://paranormalromancebyscdane.wordpress.com) | [ July 12, 2018 at 5:06 am](https://paranormalromancebyscdane.wordpress.com/2018/07/08/the-job-and-the-leaving/#comment-97) | [Reply](https://paranormalromancebyscdane.wordpress.com/2018/07/08/the-job-and-the-leaving/?replytocom=97#respond)
 
 You know that well, my friend. 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 
 Where to Find Me 
 
 
 Website 
 Facebook 
 Twitter @scdanelove 
 Pinterest@scdanelove 
 
 
 Lover In Stone 
 
 
 Hell hath no fury...like a woman who wants her man. 
 
 
 Follow Blog via Email. You know you want to. 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. Be a fan! 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
 Lover in Darkness 
 
 
 Lover in Chains 
 
 
 Luna: Book One of The Luna Chronicle 
 
 
 
 "A woman with too much passion...A wolf-man who holds her." 
 
 
 Review for "Luna: Book One of The Luna Chronicle" 
 
 
 
 
 
 Grane: Book Two of The Luna Chronicle 
 
 
 
 Redemption is but a heartbreak away. 
 
 
 Kenrickey: Book Three of The Luna Chronicle 
 
 
 
 Sometimes love bites. 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 The Gypsy is Reborn 
 The Job and the Leaving 
 Gypsy Writer Divorcee 
 Lover in…waiting 
 I'M BACK! 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Archives Select Month July 2018  June 2018  March 2018  February 2017  August 2016  June 2016  April 2016  March 2016  February 2016  January 2016  May 2015  April 2015  March 2015  February 2015  January 2015  November 2014  July 2014  June 2014  May 2014  April 2014  March 2014  February 2014  January 2014  December 2013  November 2013  October 2013  September 2013  August 2013  July 2013  June 2013  May 2013  April 2013  March 2013  February 2013 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 Blogging About Nothing 
 Chapter Book 
 Featured Author Posts 
 Gypsy Writer Divorcee 
 Lover in Stone Serial 
 Novel Debut 
 Short Blogging 
 Talking Fur 
 Uncategorized 
 Weekly Posts 
 Wolf Love Serial 
 
 
 
 RSS 
 
 RSS - Posts 
 RSS - Comments 
 
 
 
 Social 
 
 
 
 
 
  Create a website or blog at WordPress.com  
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
