Skip to content 
  Working, living & Travelling in Ireland  
 Main Menu 
 
 Working in Ireland Menu Toggle
 
 Foreign Language jobs in Ireland 
 Jobs/ job announcements in Ireland 
 Recruitment Agencies Ireland 
 
 
 Living in Ireland Menu Toggle
 
 Accommodation in Ireland 
 Help with feeling down ? 
 
 
 Travel Menu Toggle
 
 Gort Cycle Trails in the Burren Lowlands Menu Toggle
 
 Ardrahan Drumharsna Castle and Old Irish Milestones Looped Cycle Trail 
 Labane to Bingham Mausoleum in Adrahan looped cycle 
 
 
 
 
 About me! 
 Work With Me! Menu Toggle
 
 Small business interviews West of Ireland 
 
 
 Have a question? Contact me ! 
 
 Galway Job Expo - job opportunities in the West of Ireland 
 1 Comment  /  Co. Galway ,  Galway ,  Jobexpo Galway ,  Jobs in the West of Ireland ,  Radisson Galway  / By    Katleen Bonjean  
 Hi all, 
 This weekend came around very quickly, and after Alexander's Soccer training in Oranmore, we jumped on  the train in Oranmore   to call over to the Radisson Hotel in Galway to have a look at the jobexpo. I have been experimenting with Facebook Live( ie live broadcasting) and tried to start a Facebook Live session on our way to the Radisson but the reception wasn't strong enough. So the first video was recorded off line. 
 Just to give you a very brief background to Galway jobs & myself. When I arrived in Galway late 1990's, there were a few American multi-nationals in the hardware/PC industry manufacturing business and related accessories such as American Power Conversion, Digital, Nortel and a few medical device companies, Boston Scientific being the biggest player in that market. Galway was rocked when in 1993, the Digital plant that employed 700 peoples ceased production. More info on this  website . Many of the highly educated, creative individuals started their own businesses in the Galway area ( and many more becoming taxi drivers 🙂 , but also lead to many people emigrating in search of a job. Fast forward 20 years, and Galway is home to a large amount of Medical device companies as pictured in below map, more info  here . 
 In one of my previous posts about  the start-up scene in Galway , there are a number of recent arrivals of software companies in the City Centre. Companies like  SmartBear ,  Heat Software ,  Metlife ,  Ipswich ,  Altocloud ,  Siteminder  and  Mathworks  but to name a few. Most of them were present at the recruitment fare.. Metlife particularly has ambitious recruitment plans. They currently have about 45 people in a temporary office space, but are due to move into a completely renovated, state of the art new office space right beside the Library on Augustine's street in the City Centre. Galway is becoming the new Silicon Valley and there are opportunities to make Galway your home (again). 
 This is the second video I took using Facebook live, and visited the SmartBear stand. If you are interested in any of the positions,  drop me an email  with your CV. 
 I didn't get to go to each stand as it was very packed, but managed to take a few pictures of the vacancies that were advertised on their stands. 
 Check out  their blog  for more info on the event, or  view/listen to a few interviews  that were done on the day. Also check out  Lookwest - The online guide to Business, Work and Life in the West of Ireland and  Obair , a local Employment Service Network (LESN) provides a free information, guidance and support service to people who are unemployed in Galway City and in receipt of a payment from the Department of Social Protection (DSP). 
 Follow my Facebook Page  with regular updates on what's happening on the employment scene in Galway and beyond. 
 Hope you have found the above to be helpful! 
 Cheers, 
 Katleen 
 Share this: 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 Pocket 
 
 
 More 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share this 
 
 
 
 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous Post 
 Next Post -> 
 1 thought on "Galway Job Expo - job opportunities in the West of Ireland" 
 
 Pingback:  Jobs, jobs, lot's of jobs for grabs in Ireland! - Working, living & Travelling in Ireland 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Workinglivingtravellinginireland 
 
 Workinglivingtravellinginireland 
 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Pages 
 
 About me! 
 Accommodation in Ireland 
 Foreign Language jobs in Ireland 
 Google Local Guide 
 Gort Cycle Trails in the Burren Lowlands 
 Have a question? Contact me ! 
 Help with feeling down ? 
 Jobs/ job announcements in Ireland 
 Living in Ireland 
 Recruitment Agencies Ireland 
 Small business interviews West of Ireland 
 Travel 
 Work With Me! 
 Working in Ireland 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 51,433 hits 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 Working, living & Travelling in Ireland | Powered by  Astra WordPress Theme 
 With Google+ plugin by Geoff Janes and Thorsten Hake 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
