  
 
 Home 
 Job Search 
 Recruitment 
 Resume Tips 
 Interview Tips 
 Career Advice 
 
 Roadmap to start your job search journey 
 __ September 28, 2020  __ Workruit  __ Career Advice ,  Job search  __ 0 
 Searching for a new  job  is no longer as difficult as it used to be in the old days. With the surge in online job search method, job seekers have got an easy way out to look for the best jobs, which suits best on their profile. With the rapid improvement in the employment landscape through technology innovation,  Workruit- Mobile Job Search  is enabling candidates like you to **save time on your job search.  ** 
 If you’re just beginning your  job-hunting  as a fresher or an experienced professional, you’re at the right place. This blog is designed to help you get started on your job-hunting journey with confidence. 
 Here’s your step-by-step guide, to begin your  job search. 
 
 
 Prepare a strong resume:   Highlight all your achievements, educational qualifications, skills and interest areas. You can also use the  Workruit Instant Resume  website  or download the  Resume Builder CV Maker mobile app  from Playstore , to choose a template that fits your needs, and have an interesting resume, instantly! 
 
 
 Update your social profiles  : Make sure your social media profiles are updated with your latest job-titles, profile summary and certification details. Re-check your phone and email details to ensure you are easily contactable. 
 
 
 Get your references in order  : The earlier in your journey that you seek referrals from your work-seniors and colleagues, the better. People tend to take time to share these, and asking early will ensure you have references ready when you need them. 
 
 
 Network   :  Connect with people from companies and industries that interest you, and start meaningful conversations with them. Get noticed by recruiting managers instead of having to ask them about  job vacancies . 
 
 
 Choose wisely  : Some job-portals make you spend a lot of time (even money) scrolling through irrelevant and dated jobs. Choose your  job-hunting  platforms wisely. If you are a job seeker, try  Workruit Job Search  platform  which shows you only the most relevant jobs would be the best app for you. With the innovative  concept of swiping right just like Tinder,  you can now find your dream job right on your mobile smartphone. 
 
 
 With the above steps, you can now begin the process of looking for a job on the right foot. 
 Follow this space for more tips on your job-search, work-life balance and career growth. 
 
 Do away with age-old job-search platforms. Embrace the innovative and easy way to connect with a potential employer? Download the Workruit app here —  www.workruit.com/download 
 ips 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 __ 
 
 career advice 
 job hunting 
 job search 
 Job Search India 
 Jobs near me 
 Workruit Instant Resume 
 Workruit Job Search 
 
 [Previous 
 Improve productivity by revitalizing your workforce 
 ](https://blog.workruit.com/2020/09/15/improve-productivity-by-revitalizing-your-workforce/) 
 [Next 
 Career-advice: Tips for first-time job seekers 
 ](https://blog.workruit.com/2020/10/09/career-advice-tips-for-first-time-job-seekers/) 
 Be the first to comment 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 What's new? 
 
 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=CqjfXwPGvek 
 Search a blog 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 6 Tips for a Career Change 
 How to recognize if it's a good job or bad job for you? 
 Kick-start your career early while pursuing your degree 
 11 Tips to Create an Amazing Resume 
 Career-advice: Tips for first-time job seekers 
 
 
 Workruit aims at simplifying job search and recruitment using advanced Artificial Intelligence and Machine Learning technologies. The time taken for the hiring process is reduced by half since Workruit sifts the applicants using data analytics and displays only relevant profiles that match your requirements. 
 Categories 
 
 Career Advice 
 Hiring 
 Hiring Tips 
 Interview Tips 
 Job search 
 Resume Tips 
 
 Follow Us 
 
 Facebook  
 Instagram  
 Twitter  
 LinkedIn  
 Medium  
 YouTube  
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 | WordPress Theme by  MH Themes 
 %d bloggers like this: 
