Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 ACCOUNTING ASSISTANT (II) 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Schedule Monday- Friday, at 35 weekly hours 
Education Level 2 year Community College diploma in Accounting or a related field of study 
Career Level Experienced 
 Job Description 
 Accounting Assistant (II) 
 (JD # JD00651) 
 The Canadian Longitudinal Study on Aging (CLSA) is a large, national, long-term study that will follow approximately 50,000 men and women who are between the ages of 45 and 85 when recruited, for at least 20 years. The CLSA will collect information on the changing biological, medical, psychological, social, lifestyle and economic aspects of people’s lives. These factors will be studied to understand how, individually and in combination, they have an impact in both maintaining health and in the development of disease and disability as people age. 
 Job Summary:  Responsible for applying a thorough knowledge and understanding of accounting policies and procedures to process financial transactions. Records, classifies and summarizes accounting data according to established procedures. Ensures accuracy and compliance with existing guidelines, policies, and procedures. Provides guidance and training to staff on proper accounting procedures and the use of financial systems. 
 Purpose and Key Functions: 
Perform various analyses and reconciliations of accounts. 
Provide training and guidance to others on relevant accounting procedures and the use of financial systems. 
Generate reports and account statements and review for accuracy. 
Calculate, prepare and issue invoices, cheques, account statements and other financial statements according to established procedures. 
Receive, send, sort, verify, process and prepare various documents such as purchase orders, invoices, cheque requisitions, receivables, and payables. 
Process, verify, and balance financial records and business transactions, such as accounts payable, accounts receivable, and payroll. 
Investigate discrepancies using established procedures. 
Assist with internal and external audits by providing backup documentation related to audit items. 
Monitor and reconcile statements and participate in the reconciliation of accounts. 
Prepare and generate a variety of scheduled and ad hoc reports. 
Update, maintain, and verify information in a variety of spreadsheets and databases. 
Balance and control cash receipts, including floats, petty cash and cheques. 
Write a variety of formal notes and records using form letters and templates. 
Apply standard mathematical skills such as calculations, formulas, and equations to perform routine calculations. 
Answer inquiries via telephone, email, and in person that are specific in nature. 
Maintain filing systems, both electronic and hard copy. 
 Requirements: 
2 year Community College diploma in Accounting or a related field of study. 
Requires 3 years of relevant experience. 
 Assets: 
 
 Previous experience working at McMaster 
 
 Additional Information:  The successful candidate will have/ demonstrate the following: 
 Ability to assist in financial records management for a number of projects 
Experience with McMaster Business Intelligence 
Basic knowledge and understanding of MacBill 
Experience using MacBuy including non catalogue shopping and receipt of goods 
Experience with Mosaic financial functions, including Journals, Vouchers, P card reconciliation and expense reporting. 
Strong attention to detail 
 Should the successful applicant be a Unifor Unit 1 bargaining unit member, who meets the eligibility conditions of Article 19.02 of the Unifor Unit 1 Collective Agreement, then the Limited Term Assignment will be defined as a Career Growth Opportunity in accordance with Article 19 of the Unifor Local 5555 Unit 1 Collective Agreement. 
 How To Apply 
 To apply for this job, please submit your application online. 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and within the lands protected by the “Dish With One Spoon” wampum agreement. 
 The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. 
 The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity and inclusion, who will contribute to the diversification of ideas and perspectives, and especially welcomes applications from indigenous (First Nations, Métis or Inuit) peoples, members of racialized communities, persons with disabilities, women, and persons who identify as 2SLGBTQ+. 
 As part of McMaster’s commitment, all applicants are invited to complete a confidential Applicant Diversity Survey through the online application submission process. The Survey questionnaire requests voluntary self-identification in relation to equity-seeking groups that have historically faced and continue to face barriers in employment. Please refer to the Applicant Diversity Survey - Statement of Collection for additional information. 
 Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact: 
 Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247), or 
Faculty of Health Sciences HR Office at ext. 22207, or 
School of Graduate Studies at ext. 23679 
 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
