Skip to content 
 
 Peter J. Burns III | Peter J. Burns 3 | Burns Funding 
 Peter J. Burns III is a highly successful businessman with excellent leadership. 
 Menu and widgets 
 
 About Peter J. Burns III 
 Blog 
 
 Search for: 
 Activity 
 
 August 2020  (1) 
 April 2020  (5) 
 March 2020  (2) 
 February 2020  (2) 
 January 2020  (4) 
 December 2019  (79) 
 November 2019  (4) 
 October 2019  (8) 
 September 2019  (1) 
 May 2019  (1) 
 April 2019  (5) 
 March 2019  (1) 
 June 2015  (1) 
 May 2015  (18) 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Invest in PPE from Vietnam Via Exclusive Opportunity with Peter J. Burns III  August 17, 2020 
 Climate Change May Boost Shark Attacks, But Peter J. Burns III has a Safety Plan  April 17, 2020 
 Peter J. Burns III Welcomes Millennial to Become Entrepreneurs  April 17, 2020 
 Amid the Coronavirus Economy, Peter J. Burns III Invests in Cannabis Church  April 10, 2020 
 As COVID-19 Threatens Economy, Peter J. Burns III Says a Simple IRS Procedure Could Send Billions Back to Business Owners  April 10, 2020 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 40,372 hits 
 
 Peter j. Burns III 
 This slideshow requires JavaScript. 
 Tags 
 
 burns funding 
 cpp-luxury 
 featured 
 luxuryhomes 
 orca project 
 peter burns 
 peter burns CEO 
 peter burns club e 
 peter burns club entrepreneur 
 peter burns entrepreneur 
 peter burns Ethiopia 
 peter burns financing 
 peter burns Harvard opm 
 peter burns san deigo 
 peter burns start up business 
 peter business man 
 peter j. burns !!! 
 peter j. burns3 
 peter j. burns 3 
 Peter J. Burns III 
 peter j. burns San Diego 
 peter j burns funding 
 peter j burns linkedin 
 peter linkedin 
 sweet startup 
 top business man qualities 
 
 Top Clicks 
 
 None 
 
 Peter J. Burns III Social Presence 
 
 View peterjburns3's profile on Facebook 
 View peterburnsiii's profile on Twitter 
 View peterburnsceo's profile on Instagram 
 View peterjburns3's profile on Pinterest 
 View peterburnsiii's profile on LinkedIn 
 View peterjburnsiii's profile on YouTube 
 
 How Harvard Business School’s OPM Program Helped Shape the Career of Peter J. Burns III 
 
 Peter J. Burns III  is a serial entrepreneur who specializes in starting up niche market replicable business enterprises. An innovative businessman, he creates and implements many new concepts from the ground up. Critical to his success: Participation in the Harvard Business School’s Owner/President Management (OPM) program. 
 What is Harvard’s OPM program? It’s designed for business owners and founders who have at least 10 years of operating existence, serve as a chief executive or a C-level exec, and are actively involved in a business or hold a significant equity stake in one. 
 The Harvard curriculum helps entrepreneurs who are already building, leading and growing successful businesses focus on leadership and personal growth. It spurs individuals to develop a broader global perspective, gain a deeper understanding of operations and glean greater insight into operational excellence. 
 Celebrity students  who have enrolled include actors Katie Holmes, Tyra Banks and Channing Tatum and rapper LL Cool J. 
 Peter J. Burns III  was the perfect candidate—and to date was one of the youngest people accepted into this prestigious program. 
 The Harvard Background of Peter J. Burns III 
 Burns entered Harvard’s OPM program in 1986 at the age of 29. Yes, by that age he’d already had 10 years of experience running a successful company. 
 His official career as an entrepreneur started when he created a company that imported mopeds (motorized bicycles) to the United States from Europe. That was on Nantucket Island in 1977. At the time, it was one of the most successful recreational rental companies of its kind in the world. 
 The moped rental company had $3 million in annual sales—netting over half of that amount. 
 Burns wrote the business plan for that company while he was enrolled as a first-year student at the University of Virginia’s McIntire School of Commerce, while he was enrolled in a 4-year Army ROTC scholarship. 
 When Burns was selected from among worldwide applicants to be in the Harvard Business School’s OPM program, he recalls being 20-plus years younger than most of his classmates. 
 “I was classmates with such business giants as Peter Norton (Norton Antivirus,) the owners of the revered Donegal Mills Plantation and the fifth generation of the venerable Gieves & Hawks,” Burns says. "I was with the titans of the entrepreneurial world and was blessed to be among them as ‘The Kid’ of the bunch.” 
 Peter J. Burns III, Serial Entrepreneur 
 Since his college years, and early business success, serial entrepreneurship and the establishment of unique businesses has been a major part of Burn’s life. Over the span of four decades in business, Burns has started, operated, sold, and/or expanded more than 150 businesses. 
 Some of those businesses and operations include: 
 •Creation of the first “Dolphin Tour” business, using jet boats on guided tours through wild dolphin habitats (Water Tours 1995). 
 •Establishment of the first integrated media rich commercial email marketing business (Cybertising 2000). 
 •Inventing the “Insert-A-Zine” niche-publishing concept (NightLife Magazine! 2001). 
 •Pioneering the expanded market for Cost Segregation Studies, introducing a Patent Pending for unique applications (CSS 2008). 
 •Expanding to the massive commercialization of cost segregation (HL Cost Seg 2016). 
 •Co-founding the first financing organization for “Creatives,” i.e., singers, film producers, artists (FundingWagon.com, 2013). 
 • Founding Ethiopian Capital Partners as a bi-lateral platform of commerce between the U.S. and Ethiopia (Expatrepreneur.us 2013). 
 • Co-founding Luxury Travel Product Placement company that acquired empty time in luxury villas in exchange for luxury products and remarked to Closed User Groups at 40 percent less than the villa owner could rent out own villa. (HL Villas 2016). 
 • Co-founding Avia Travel Services by assembling a partnership with an expansive travel booking engine, joining it with an airline ticketing entity and creating a "one-stop-shop" for the corporate group and employee travel at significantly discounted rates. (Avia 2017). 
 And many more… 
 Opportunities with Peter J. Burns III 
 Growing up as a young entrepreneur, experiencing the ups and downs of starting businesses, and having decades of experience, Burns developed a passion for mentoring. He combined his passion for starting new enterprises with his affinity for offering guidance to aspiring and existing entrepreneurs by creating  Burn$ Funding . 
 Burns$ Funding uses unique and innovative methods (involving the use of bridge loans and shelf corporations to repair credit and gain access to funding) to provide aspiring entrepreneurs and existing business owners with access to capital to fund their own business ventures. 
 Interested in hearing more about business opportunities? Check out the  Peter J. Burns III  website and read more about this Harvard trained and real-world-seasoned entrepreneur. 
 Share this: 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Published by 
 Peter J. Burns III 
 Starting at the age of 19, Peter J. Burns III has started, operated, bought and sold well over 100 businesses in literally dozens of niche markets. Nantucket Island was the home of Burns' first "real" business-importing mopeds from Austria and being the firrst in the country to rent them to vacationing tourists. After making $55,000 in only 10 weeks from his summer "job," Burns took his moped fleet and set up shop on Sanibel Island, Florida for the winter season.   View all posts by Peter J. Burns III  
 Posted on  March 25, 2020April 11, 2020 Author  Peter J. Burns III Categories  burns funding ,  business ,  enterprenuer Tags  burns funding ,  featured ,  peter burns ,  peter burns CEO ,  peter burns club e ,  peter burns entrepreneur ,  peter burns Ethiopia ,  peter burns financing ,  peter burns san deigo ,  peter j burns linkedin ,  Peter J. Burns III ,  peter j. burns3 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Previous post: 4 Things To Know About Saving Money at Tax Time With a Cost Segregation Study-Peter J. Burns III 
 Next Next post: Entrepreneur Peter J. Burns III Doesn’t Believe in Millennial Stereotypes 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
