
 Role 
 Description 
 
 Like what you see? Apply Now or hit the back button to search additional career options. 
 Benefits and Leave Coordinator 
 Apply Now 
 Power Home Remodeling seeks to add a Benefits and Leave Coordinator to its Human Resources Department located in their corporate headquarters. 
 Position Summary 
 Under general supervision of the Sr. Benefits and Wellness Specialist and HR Director, the Benefits and Leave Coordinator is responsible for understanding and applying Human Resources policies and procedures in the daily administrative support of benefits, Cobra, wellness program, workers compensation, accommodations, leave and general HR operations. 
 Primary Responsibilities: 
 
 Assist with annual open enrollment, which could include setting up our HR systems, arranging virtual or on-site meetings, mailing or distributing material, assisting with presentations to communicate changes to employees and process benefit changes within specified deadlines. 
 Administer employee benefit programs, including, but not limited to, medical, dental, vision, life, accident & disability insurance, ancillary/voluntary plans, and wellness programs for the organization. 
 Administer leave programs in multiple states such as Short and Long Term Disability, FMLA, Workers Comp, Military, Parental and other leaves of absence. 
 Partner with the Sr. Benefits and Wellness Specialist to provide guidance to employees on leave options. 
 Manage and manually update employee information and statuses across all HR platforms 
 Maintain HR medical files, payroll notifications, Nitro documents and records, Cinch and accuracy of queues and trackers. 
 Verify employment information and status changes. 
 Support the development, implementation and application of HR policies and procedures. 
 Audit leave, benefit and time records to ensure compliance. 
 Assist and coordinate HR projects as needed. 
 Keep up on emerging knowledge of employment laws, FMLA, ADA and regulations. 
 Coordinate requests made by employees, including maintaining timelines for deliverables while keeping employees informed of the progress of their requests. 
 Assist with everyday benefits and Cobra enrollment, questions and reconciliations. 
 Attend meetings with partners at ADP and be able to communicate issues/concerns with carrier on behalf of team or individual employees. 
 Administer life event enrollments and collect necessary documentation. 
 Assist in various benefit/leave audits that are both internal and conducted by third-party administrators. 
 Develop and maintain business relationships with brokers, carriers, WC adjusters, benefit partners/vendors, territories and employees as it relates to wellness, leave and benefit programs. 
 Produce reports and self-billing from a variety of systems based on requests and the needs of the HR team and business. 
 Provide exceptional customer service to our employees. A sense of urgency in follow-up and follow-through on issues brought to our attention. 
 Monitor HR e-mail inboxes, faxes and HR Requests to provide responses to general leave and benefits questions, and provide troubleshooting support to employees on a variety of issues. 
 Work collaboratively with other members of the HR team to improve current processes, work on projects, and proactively share findings with the team that they all would benefit from learning about. 
 Assist with New Hire Orientation and facilitate the benefits portion on an as needed basis. 
 Prepare and maintain OSHA logs and annual reports requested by OSHA and the Bureau of Labor Statistics (BLS). 
 Required to sit at a desk for up to eight hours per day, type on the computer, and speak on the telephone. 
 Assists with various research projects and/or other special projects/tasks as assigned by Management. 
 
 Here's what you can expect at Power: 
 
 Salary commensurate with experience 
 Full medical, dental, life and disability insurance plans that can be tailored to your specific needs and the needs of your family 
 State-of-the art training and support 
 Fitness Center 
 Ample paid vacation and holidays 
 A competitive 401(k) retirement savings program, matched by Power 
 A dynamic social program filled with can’t miss events, parties, and activities, including an annual bonus in the form of a company trip to a tropical destination for you and a significant other 
 
 Apply Now 
 Power Home Remodeling Group is an equal opportunity employer and we are committed to hiring a diverse and talented workforce. 
 ** 
 Thanks again for your interest in PHRG. 
 ** 
 PHRG is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to diversity in our workspace. 
 © Copyright 2021 PHRG - All rights reserved. 
