  
  
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Services 
 
 Executive Resumes 
 Professions Package 
 Career Navigator 
 Outplacement 
 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Hidden Jobs 
 
 
 Portfolio 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Connect 
 
 
 White Paper 
 
 
  Home >>  
 
 
  Blog >>  
 
 
 Executive Job Search 
 
 
  >>  When Should I Work With a Recruiter in my Job Search? 
 
 
 When Should I Work With a Recruiter in my Job Search? 
 Clients often ask me if they should work with a recruiter during their job search. My answer is oftentimes “it depends.” 
 If you are new to the job search process and wonder if you should reach out to recruiters to jump-start your job search, here are a few considerations. 
 What Recruiters Do. 
 Recruiters generally operate under three business models and it is important to understand this before you begin. 
 
 Corporate recruiters  work for their own firms and companies and will be part of a human resources team in an organization supporting human resources efforts of the executive management team. Generally experts in their own industry, they recruit individuals directly for their own company. 
 Some third-party recruiters work in a  retained  arrangement. They are paid directly and exclusively by their client—the firm or company with the open position. Retained searches are paid to the recruiter in full or in part before the search for a candidate begins. 
 Other third-party recruiters work in a  contingency  arrangement. They are also paid and by the organization with the open position. Contingency searches are paid once a successful search is completed. 
 
 Why it’s important to know this. 
 For the purpose of this article, I am referring to third-party recruiters, rather than corporate or company recruiters. 
 Please understand that during the recruiting process, the recruiter’s first priority is the suitability of a candidate  in service to his or her client . The recruiter is not in service to the job seeker. I am not suggesting that the recruiter does not serve the job seeker, rather that his or her first priority is the interests of his client. 
 In both retained and contingency searches, the finder’s fee (recruiting fee) is a percentage of the annual salary of the position being hired for the role. There are many types of arrangements under this model, of course. 
 Split fees are common when a recruiter partners with another recruiter and they work together to identify an ideal candidate for the client company. 
 Generally speaking recruiters can be an important member of your career management team and the following guidelines will help you decide whether reaching out to a recruiter will help you land faster. 
 According to research findings presented by Gerry Crispin at the Career Thought Leaders Conference & Symposium in April 2015 in Maryland, “Guiding Clients to Meet 21st Century Recruiting Standards: Learning from the Candidate Experience”, in Canada and the US, recruiters place—on average 2 positions per month. 
 When you consider the number of candidates the recruiter will need to speak with in order to place one position, it is easy to see that the placement rate for candidates is low. 
 Recruiters are paid directly and exclusively by the corporations and organizations who hire them to find the right candidate. Recruiters do not get paid by job candidates. 
 When to engage with a recruiter. 
 Recruiters can be an important partner for your job search under the following circumstances: 
 
 If you have a clear career trajectory that supports your value proposition. 
 You must be ideally qualified for the opportunity. Do not leave any unanswered questions in your career documents as you approach a recruiter. You need to connect the dots between your value proposition and the needs of the recruiter’s client. 
 You are planning a lateral step or a step up  within the same industry . Industry experience is critically important to recruiters and their clients. 
 
 The Hidden Job Market 
 It is accepted that between 80 and 90% of jobs are never advertised. Recruiters often have inside information about companies and organizations who are planning to hire. Some companies  never advertise for candidates  , but will partner with recruiters to identify ideal candidates who are currently employed. These types of candidates, called  passive candidates  are highly attractive to recruiters and their firms. 
 Bonus Tip 
 If you want to be identified as a passive candidate, consider optimizing your LinkedIn profile with keywords that showcase your impeccable value proposition. 
 _Image © photography33 /  _   depositphotos 
 July 23, 2015 in   Executive Job Search  
 Click Here to Leave a Comment Below 
 Leave a Reply: 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 
 Currently you have JavaScript disabled. In order to post comments, please make sure JavaScript and Cookies are enabled, and reload the page.   Click here for instructions on how to enable JavaScript in your browser. 
 Categories 
 
 Board of Directors Jobs 
 Careers 
 Dream Jobs 
 Executive Career Planning 
 Executive Coaching 
 Executive Cover Letter 
 Executive Job Search 
 Executive Marketing Tools 
 Executive Promotions 
 Executive Resume Writing 
 General 
 Hidden Job Market 
 Job Interview Strategies 
 Job Offers 
 LinkedIn 
 Reputation management for executives 
 Uncategorized 
 
 You're Not Alone 
 I Can Help 
 Let's Talk 
 Hidden Job Market Infographic Guide 
 Complimentary Download 
 
 Copyright 2019 by WordRightCareer.com 
