Search 
 Search for: 
 
  Truth in Palmyra  
 By Wally Fry 
 Menu Skip to content 
 
 About Me 
 
 Open Search 
 5 Daily To-Do Jobs for Men 
 By: Patching Cracks 
 From: Patching Cracks 
 While reading an article on masculine identity recently, I was treated to a fascinating comparison of two presidents: Theadore Roosevelt and Calvin Coolidge. President Theadore Roosevelt was a genuine cowboy. He was a Rough Rider that charged up San Juan Hill and a rancher in the Dakotas. Through and through, he embodied a sort of genuine masculinity in everything from his hobbies, relationships, parenting style, intellectual pursuits, and approach to leadership. He lived during a time when the nation was wild and untamed, and the masculine ideal in western civilization was also still largely wild and untamed. 3 decades after Teddy’s years in office, Calvin Coolidge was president during a time when the culture yearned for a return to the masculinity of yesteryear, which led to a nostalgic revival of cowboys and western lore. The problem was that it wasn’t real. Attached is a picture of Teddy the cowboy and Calvin the cowboy. One of these things is not like the other. The image of masculinity is not actual manliness. Regardless of how well-dressed Calvin was, he wasn’t a cowboy. Similar phenomena can be seen today as men try to look the part, talk the part, and act the part – without ever actually fitting the part. The ideal of manliness has grown indistinct and young men carry with them a sort of insecurity about their identity as men. This is the crisis of modern man. 
 
 
 The Bible offers a clear picture of what God intended men to look, act, and be like. Paul tells us that Jesus is the full stature of mature masculinity. He was selfless, quick to action, principled, wise, a servant, loving, and courageous. In Christ, men are given an objective to aim for. The biggest problem we encounter with this definition is that it’s too big. I recently read a series of articles on how the ideal women of Proverbs 31 is terrible and demoralizing because it is perfection beyond attaining, sorta like trying to match the airbrushed beauty of a Cosmo cover girl. The same can be true for men. We are called to aspire to be like the son of God, the perfect man. The task seems almost too great, like attempting to swallow the sea in one gulp. However, we are given a few things that help us in that process. First, in Christ’s atoning sacrifice, we can find new life, freely given, that makes us new. We are new men if we are in Christ. Beyond being new creations, we are given the Holy Spirit who reshapes us. We are in the constant process of being remade as we follow Jesus. God helps us become new. A final major gift that God gives us in the process of becoming men like Jesus is in His word. Jesus not only offers us his perfect example, he also gives us his teachings through the scriptures. God’s word gives us simple, easy teachings and directions. I don’t care for reading the instructions when taking on new things, but this is worth the effort. 
 The first simple list I think is worth considering as a man pursuing a life like Jesus’ is found at the end of Paul’s letter to the church in Corinth. Paul spends most of the letter answering questions that he had received in a letter from the church. He ends the letter with a set of instructions on various issues. Sandwiched between two paragraphs regarding mutual friends is 2 verses of instruction: 
 
 Be watchful, stand firm in the faith, act like men, be strong. Let all that you do be done in love. 1 Corinthians 16:13-14 
 
 This short list reflects the basic task of Christian men in the basic work of being men like Jesus. Though the list is short, it takes place at the end of a long letter and is a reflection of the larger content of the letter. In the coming days, I’ll unpack each of these simple directions: 
 
 Be watchful 
 Stand firm in the faith 
 Act like men 
 Be strong 
 Let all that you do be done in love. 
 
 This is by no means the only set of instructions given in the scriptures. However, it is a good place to start because it is all encompassing. 
 View the original post on Patching Cracks. 
 Share this: 
 
 Print 
 Email 
 Reddit 
 Twitter 
 Tumblr 
 Pinterest 
 LinkedIn 
 Pocket 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 __ 
 Wally Fry 
  __Author archive    __Author website 
 __October 10, 2015 
 __ Reposted blogs 
 __ being a man ,  biblical manhood ,  manhood in the bible 
  Previous post     Next post  
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (Address never made public) 
 Name 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Recent Posts 
 
 An Update For My Blogging Friends 
 Hello Blogging Friends! 
 A Blogging Sabbatical 
 Yep 
 Just a Thought 
 
 Search for: 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 The Accidental Poet  on  An Update For My Blogging… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Anna Waldherr  on  An Update For My Blogging… 
 
 
 Anonymous on  Evolution Of the Hay Mons… 
 
 
 
 Anonymous on  The Love Chapter-Love versus… 
 
 
 
 
 Ahtees  on  An Update For My Blogging… 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 1 corinthians 
 1 corinthians 13 
 1 John 
 1 Kings 
 1 Thessalonians 
 2 Corinthians 
 Abortion 
 Acts 
 Apologetics 
 atheism 
 auotes 
 Bible 
 bible verse collections 
 Bible verses 
 Biblical Manhood 
 cats 
 Charles Spurgeon 
 Christian Living 
 Christianity 
 Church 
 Church Signs 
 colossians 
 Cruising 
 Daily Devotions 
 Deuteronomy 
 discipleship 
 Doctrine 
 Elijah 
 Encouragement 
 Ephesians 
 Esther 
 Evangelism 
 Evolution 
 ezra 
 False Teaching 
 Food 
 Fun Questions 
 Galatians 
 Genesis 
 Genesis 
 Grilling/Smoking 
 Hebrews 
 Humor 
 inspiration 
 Isaiah 
 israel 
 James 
 james 5 
 james chapter 5 
 Jeremiah 
 Jesus 
 Joel Osteen 
 John 
 jude 
 Love 
 luke 
 Mark 
 Marriage 
 matthew 
 Memes 
 Morality 
 News and Current Events 
 Old Testament 
 Phillippians 
 Photos 
 Prayer 
 psalms 
 Quotes 
 Reposted blogs 
 revelation 
 Revival 
 salvaion 
 salvation 
 Salvation and Grace 
 Service 
 Sin 
 Songs 
 teaching 
 testimony 
 Uncategorized 
 Video Sermons 
 Witnessing 
 Writing promts 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 2,273 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Blogroll 
 
 A Lawyer's Prayers 
 Atimetoshare 
 Awomansaved 
 Christian Poetry by Deborah Ann 
 ColorStorm The Naked Truth 
 Daily Devotions With Dawn 
 David's Theology 
 Disciples of Hope 
 Freedom Through Empowerment 
 Hairballexpress 
 I Refuse To Follow Your Blog 
 Jesustrek 
 Karina's Thought 
 Men of One Accord 
 Pilgrim's Progress Revisited 
 Planting Potatoes 
 Raising the Mug 
 Redbird's Roost 
 See, There's This Thing Called Biology 
 Settled In Heaven 
 The Isaiah 53:5 Project 
 Work For the Cause Not the Applause 
 
 Social 
 
 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Up ↑ 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
