Skip to content 
 Spider Career Blog 
 
 Primary Menu 
 
 Home 
 
 Categories 
 
 Advanced Career Advice 
 Book Reviews 
 Career Advice 
 MBA 
 Parents 
 Peer Advisors 
 Spider Connect Tutorials 
 Spider in the Spotlight 
 Student Perspective 
 Tip Tuesday 
 Uncategorized 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Spring Forward with Your Career Goals 
 Finding Balance in the Holiday Season 
 A&S NEXT 2021 - Frequently Asked Questions 
 Successfully Interviewing for Remote/Work From Home Jobs 
 LinkedIn Stories: Keep it Professional 
 
 Search for: 
 Avoiding Job Scams 
 Posted on  October 1, 2020October 6, 2020  by  oacsspiders 
 Those who are looking for jobs look through many, many job postings on a weekly basis. Of the millions of job postings listed, there are also many illegitimate job postings. Scammers will continue to evolve and invent new ways to take advantage of job seekers. But, there are some tell-tale signs of job scams, we’ll explore that and how to avoid them. 
 Types of Job Scams 
 There are many types that each seek to take advantage of job searchers in several ways. Depending on the scam, they may want to collect confidential information (for identity theft), to get you to cash fraudulent checks or to wire/send money, and get you to pay for services or supplies. You may also receive unsolicited email from scammers. This is why it’s important to be vigilant and check on every job you’re interested in. 
 Bait and Switch:  when you apply for a job, but they try to interview you for a completely different job because the first one doesn’t exist. 
 Career Consulting:  being contacted by “career consultants” who offer to help with resume writing, reviews – usually they just want to sell you on their product. 
 Credit Report Scams:  when an “employer” wants your credit report as part of the hiring process, even if they offer a “free” service. NO employer needs to see your credit score. 
 Direct Deposit:  these scams want your bank account information. Usually these jobs are too good to be true (high salary, minimal hours, no interview), and often they involve offering remote work. 
 Money Laundering:  usually when an “employer” (often from a foreign country) asks you to deposit money and you can keep a percentage for yourself. They’re asking you to move bad checks around, and then the bank holds you liable for the funds. 
 **Recruiting & Phishing: **essentially, you’re contacted by someone claiming to have a client hiring for a position, and you just need to click this link to apply. Ask for a call to discuss the details and do your research. 
 Shipping:  offers at-home-work to make a lot of money by reshipping, repackaging or forwarding goods. Usually, they will ask you to pay for the shipping, with the promise of reimbursement. Typically, these are stolen goods. 
 Unemployment:  someone, or a company, will offer to file your unemployment claim for a fee. Filing unemployment is not fun, but you can easily do it yourself! 
 Now that you’re aware of the types of scams out there, follow these rules to make sure you’re not a victim of one! 
 Under no circumstances should you: 
 
 Give out your personal information over the phone or by email 
 Accept cashier’s checks or money orders as forms of payment 
 Wire funds to an “employer” using Western Union, MoneyGram, etc. 
 Apply for jobs listed by someone far away or in another country 
 Consent to a background check, unless you have met the employer in person 
 Apply/pursue a job that is emailed to you out of the blue 
 
 What you should always do with seemingly strange job postings: 
 
 Be skeptical – if it seems too good to be true, it likely is 
 Research the employer – reputable and professional website? Legitimate references and email addresses? 
 Trust your instincts 
 
 Make sure to report anything suspicious! Especially now, job scams are on the rise. 
 File a report with the  Internet Crime Complaint Center  (through FBI), or the  Federal Trade Commission  (FTC). You can also report with the  Better Business Bureau  and  Google . 
 Our Career Services office takes reasonable steps to screen and vet job postings on SpiderConnect to ensure their legitimacy. Users should still review job postings and report ones that seem suspicious. If you found the posting on SpiderConnect, please email careerservices@richmond.edu and we will address your concerns. 
 Illustration by Freepik Stories 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Tumblr 
 LinkedIn 
 Reddit 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Tags:  internships ,  jobs ,  scams Categories:  Advanced Career Advice ,  Career Advice 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous Post 
 Next Post -> 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
