  
 Kansans Against Common Core 
 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 UPDATES 
 TAKE ACTION 
 
 Sign the Petition 
 Contact KS Legislators 
 
 KS Senate 
 
 2015 Senate Education Committee 
 
 
 KS House 
 
 2015 House Education Committee 
 
 
 
 
 Contact Governor Brownback 
 CALL TO ACTION 
 
 Week 1 – Contact Kansas Legislators 
 Week 2 – Sign the Petition 
 Week 3 – Merry Christmas! 
 Week 4 - Learn & Share 
 Week 5 – REPEAT 
 
 
 Host a Common Core Presentation 
 Printables 
 
 Documents 
 Kansas "Fact" Sheet 
 Kansans Against Common Core Brochure 
 Halloween Printable 
 
 
 
 
 OPT OUT 
 
 Opt Out Letter (2015) 
 Opt Out of State Assessments (VIDEO) 
 Common Core Testing Opt-Out Form 
 Opt-Out Form Version 2 
 Opt Out Letter 
 Letter from KSDE – Opt Out 
 Opt Out FAQs 
 Articles: Testing and Opting Out 
 
 
 ARTICLES 
 
 Articles: History of Common Core 
 
 
 VIDEOS 
 
 Stop the Common Core 
 Opt Out of State Assessments (VIDEO) 
 Dr. Mary Byrne – AFP KS Common Core Presentation 
 Paul Schwartz – Data Specialist 
 Dr. Megan Koschnick presents on Common Core at APP Conference 
 Dr. Piper – Academic Freedom 
 Dr. Rella – NY Rally 
 FreedomWorks – Common Core Fails 
 The Current School Reform Landscape: Christopher H. Tienken 
 
 
 KS LEGISLATION 
 
 HB 2621 – Reclaim Kansas Education 
 
 Expert Testimony – HB 2621 
 
 Dr. Evers, Hoover Institution 
 Professor James Milgram, Stanford University 
 Dr. Myers 
 Joy Pullmann, Heartland Institute 
 Dr. Rine, George Mason University 
 Jane Robbins, American Principles Project 
 James Stergios, Pioneer Institute 
 Dr. Sandra Stotsky 
 
 
 2014 House Education Committee 
 2014 House Education Committee Rules 
 2014 House Education Committee Notice to All Conferees 
 
 
 HB 2391 (2013) 
 
 
 UPCOMING EVENTS 
 
 Join us in Topeka for a Day at the Capitol! 
 
 Capitol Guide 
 Letter to the Governor 
 
 
 
 
 SPEAK OUT 
 Shop – Stop Common Core 
 Connect Locally 
 
 Dodge City 
 Hays 
 Kansas City area 
 Manhattan 
 Wichita 
 
 
 Kansas Catholics for Academic Excellence 
 Home 
 Contact Us 
 Groups & Organizations Opposed to Common Core 
 
 National Groups & Organizations 
 State Groups & Organizations 
 
 
 
 Tag Archives: Kansas College and Career Ready Standards 
 Call To Action-Where's The Honor? 
 Posted on  March 20, 2016  by  kansansagainstcommoncoreii 
 Where’s The Honor? 
 If you really want Common Core stopped in Kansas, then this is the week for you to fight like the dickens for what you want. All House leadership, House Education Committee Republicans, and YOUR representative need to hear (and read) your frustration with these shenanigans. This bill can still be saved, but it will take you and your best and continued efforts to get this done. You are the grass roots.  Make your voices heard! At the bottom of this message is what we need you to ask for as well as a list of names and numbers. 
 Speaker Merrick purportedly sent HB2292 back to committee, after it had been passed favorably out on February 17th, to have language added clarifying AP. Representative Barton had already met with the revisor to draft that language, and had it ready for the meeting. 
 To start the meeting on March 18th, Chairman Highland called on Representative Grosserode who, after bringing up the same points she has brought up in previous years, had the revisors hand out and “idea – being conceptual in nature” to adopt as a substitute for the current language of HB2292. 
 Representatives Trimmer and Lusk were the first to be called on by the Chair. Multiple representatives were called upon to speak. Notably, Representative Trimmer spoke multiple times. Included in the discussion of the committee were multiple language changes.  It was observed that Representative Barton even had his hand raised many times and was never called upon by the Chair. 
 By the end of the hour-long meeting, the committee asked for a couple of readings of the language of the substitute bill based on changes made per the comments of committee members. The members voted on a final reading of the language.  It went from an idea/concept on paper to an oral reading of new language to passing within an hour.  The language was never made available for public information or response. It was a complete Nancy Pelosi moment—“We have to pass it so we can find out what’s inside.” 
 The following were noted to have raised their hands in support of the substitution language: Grosserode, K. Jones, Hutchins, Rhoades, Hedke, Macheers, Lunn, Bruchman, and Bradford. Then, the same members voted the bill favorably out of committee. 
 On Friday, March 18th, 2016, the House Education Committee gutted a five-page bill and action that you have supported and elected people to vote for for multiple years, and substituted it with a PARAGRAPH that was not seen prior to Friday’s committee meeting, was written within an hour, and passed favorably based on an oral reading. It is clear that legislators are not serious about removing Washington D.C. education from Kansas. It was clear that the members were going to vote favorably for whatever motion Amanda Grosserode brought. 
 The Education Establishment (lobbyists, teacher union members and administrators being paid by YOUR tax dollars) has been putting in overtime, flooding your legislators with calls, cards, and emails. Even the PTA is promoting Common Core! We know you have been calling, as well. But, as you will see below, your legislators—especially the Republicans you elected to bring conservative principles—are only responding to the Establishment. Take note of the legislators’ actions from Friday, and unless they act to reverse their mis-informed actions, remember it this coming November. Make sure your dissatisfaction is heard at the voting booth. 
 Briefly, the new bill language does not address Kansas College and Career Ready Standards and all its alignments and entanglements, including assessments and data. THE NEW BILL LANGUAGE IN NO WAY AFFIRMS PARENTAL RIGHTS TO DIRECT THEIR CHILD’S EDUCATION. 
 It is noteworthy that while Amanda Grosserode sports a libertarian label and is “known” for her high ratings on the Freedom Index (as several fellow legislators like to bring up), she has never proactively brought any legislation since being elected to office to remove Common Core and all its entanglements and aliases from the state of Kansas. She has repeatedly, and during every legislative session with pending Common Core legislation, bemoaned the difficulty of the Common Core issue and how there just isn’t any perfect way to address it and how there are never “the votes” to do anything about it. 
 Her talking points have never changed. Representative Grosserode has consistently brought amendments to the committee at the eleventh hour. These are never available for public review prior to their presentation, and are always effectively used to  kill legislation that would actually remove Common Core and all its entanglements from Kansas. 
 As well, she has stayed far away from addressing anything in regard to the massive and intrusive data collecting and profiles being amassed on kids at the state level. This data collection is required as one of the four assurances agreed to when Governor Parkinson agreed to bring Common Core into Kansas. Not surprisingly, Representative Grosserode homeschools her kids. From her desk in Topeka, she has been able to protect her kids from the things public school kids have no protection from. Does she view the protections she desires for her own children differently than those she desires for other parents’ children? She has never brought any anti-Common Core legislation at the beginning of the session; she only brings eleventh hour legislation to kill other legislation. 
 While many members of the legislature espouse their dislike of Common Core and their commitment to having it removed, as you can see, when it comes to actually doing it,  they can only coalesce around killing legislation or passing essentially do-nothing legislation. 
 HB2292 was drafted over several months of work by a committee that specifically crafted the legislation to be in accordance with the Kansas Constitution. In recent weeks,  THOUSANDS  of Kansans have  SIGNED PETITIONS  in favor or HB2292. This is in addition to years of the public telling the legislature (through phone calls, emails, rallies at the capitol, statements made at campaign events, testimony submitted in support of anti-Common Core legislation, previous petitions signed, etc.)  to end Common Core  and all its entanglements in Kansas. The actions of legislators are contrary to what Kansans elected them to do and continue asking them to do. 
 THE ONLY VIABLE ACTION AT THIS TIME IS FOR THE LANGUAGE PASSED ON 3/18 TO BE REMOVED AND THE PREVIOUS BILL LANGUAGE BE RE-INSERTED. CONSTITUENTS MUST DEMAND THIS OF THEIR LEGISLATORS AND THEN LEGISLATORS NEED TO BE OVERT IN DEMANDING THIS HAPPEN, AND INSIST THEIR VOTE BE PUBLISHED. ONLY THEN WILL CONSTITUENTS KNOW FOR SURE HOW TO EVALUATE THEIR LEGISLATOR ON THIS ISSUE FOR THE UPCOMING ELECTIONS. 
 +Speaker Ray Merrick 
785-296-2302 
ray.merrick@house.ks.gov 
 +Speaker Pro Tem Peggy Mast 
785-291-3500 
peggy.mast@house.ks.gov 
 +Majority Leader Jene Vickrey 
785-296-7662 
jene.vickrey@house.ks.gov 
 +Assistant Majority Leader Mario Goico 
785 296-7663 
mario.goico@house.ks.gov 
 +Majority Whip Willie Dove 
785 296-7677 
willie.dove@house.ks.gov 
 +Education Committee Chair Ron Highland 
785-296-7310 
ron.highland@house.ks.gov 
 +Rep. Tony Barton 
785-296-7522 
tony.barton@house.ks.gov 
 +Rep. John Bradford 
785 296-7653 
john.bradford@house.ks.gov 
 +Rep. Dennis Hedke 
785 296-7699 
dennis.hedke@house.ks.gov 
 +Rep. Becky Hutchins 
785-296-3971 
becky.hutchins@house.ks.gov 
 +Rep. Kevin Jones 
785 296-6287 
kevin.jones@house.ks.gov 
 +Rep. Kasha Kelley 
785 296-7671 
kasha.kelley@house.ks.gov 
 +Rep. Jerry Lunn 
785 296-7675 
jerry.lunn@house.ks.gov 
 +Rep. Charles Macheers 
785 296-7675 
charles.macheers@house.ks.gov 
 +Rep. Marc Rhoades 
785 296-7671 
marc.rhoades@house.ks.gov 
 Find your representative  HERE. 
 /  Tagged  Call to Action ,  Common Core ,  Grosserode ,  HB2292 ,  Kansas ,  Kansas College and Career Ready Standards ,  Restore HB2292 ,  Stop Common Core ,  Take Action  /   1 Comment 
 Call To Action-Stop the Education Establishment Politics 
 Posted on  March 15, 2016  by  kansansagainstcommoncoreii 
 The education establishment is talking out of both sides of its mouth and hoping you won't notice. 
 While some members of the education establishment are telling us teachers won’t be able to teach basic math if Common Core is eliminated, others are telling us Common Core has ALREADY been eliminated! 
 You and I know both statements are utter nonsense, but sadly, there are legislators who are falling for it! 
 And that’s not all. . . 
 Inside sources at the Capitol have alerted our team to the next stage of the education establishment’s plans to destroy, warp, and weaken our bill. You see, the education establishment knows a few outrageous statements will not be enough to stop your efforts to repeal Common Core. But their plan is for these ridiculous claims to cause enough confusion that they can sneak an amendment into the bill. 
 They want a backdoor for Common Core. The first stage of their plan is already complete. Just last week, Speaker Ray Merrick ordered H.B. 2292 to be sent back to the Education Committee. 
 There is still time to stop them, but only if we act fast. 
 That’s why it’s extremely important you contact the representatives listed below right now. 
 _ Demand they stand strong in support of H.B. 2292, send it back to the House floor as is, and insist on a recorded vote on the House floor. 
_ Tell them you won’t stand for any amendment that leaves the backdoor open for Common Core. 
 Education Committee Chair Ron Highland 
785-296-7310 
ron.highland@house.ks.gov 
 Rep. Tony Barton 
785-296-7522 
tony.barton@house.ks.gov 
 Rep. John Bradford 
785 296-7653 
john.bradford@house.ks.gov 
 Rep. Dennis Hedke 
785 296-7699 
dennis.hedke@house.ks.gov 
 Rep. Becky Hutchins 
785-296-3971 
becky.hutchins@house.ks.gov 
 Rep. Kevin Jones 
785 296-6287 
kevin.jones@house.ks.gov 
 Rep. Kasha Kelley 
785 296-7671 
kasha.kelley@house.ks.gov 
 Rep. Jerry Lunn: 
785 296-7675 
jerry.lunn@house.ks.gov 
 Rep. Charles Macheers: 
785 296-7675 
charles.macheers@house.ks.gov 
 Rep. Marc Rhoades: 
785 296-7671 
marc.rhoades@house.ks.gov 
 Rep. Joseph Scapa 
785-296-7682 
joseph.scapa@house.ks.gov 
 Another claim from the education establishment is that our bill would get rid of AP and IB courses. The truth is our bill simply ensures accountability to Kansas standards for all courses taught in Kansas schools. While programs like AP and IB have been beneficial to students in the past, it is vital that there be proper accountability in place to ensure this remains the case. Above all else, we must protect our kids and the integrity of their education. 
 Unfortunately, there are already signs AP could be headed down the wrong path. You see, David Coleman -- the “architect” of the Common Core Standards -- is now the new president of the College Board, which creates AP courses! 
 If that wasn’t enough to worry you, recent changes to AP US History make this course look like it was written by Occupy Wall Street, or other radical leftist organizations. 
 For example: 
 
 
 
 The 2014 AP US History curriculum left the Holocaust and D-Day out of World War II! 
The 2014 AP US History curriculum left Martin Luther King, Jr. out of discussions of the 1960’s, but included the Black Panthers. 
 
 
 
 Worse, the College Board is now creating courses for grades as low as sixth grade, to be used in lieu of regular curriculum. 
 It’s despicable. The education establishment is taking advantage of the good reputation of a good program and hijacking it to use as a backdoor to rebrand Common Core. 
 That’s right, the College Board and the education establishment wants you to allow Common Core to be repackaged as AP so it can be taught to every middle and high school student in Kansas -- without any accountability to Kansans or Kansas standards! 
 You can be sure this will be one line of attack from the education establishment to try to weaken and warp our bill. . . and there isn’t much time to stop them. 
 An effort to insert an amendment to allow this kind of backdoor loophole into our bill could happen at any time. 
 **That’s why it’s extremely important you contact the representatives listed above right now. 
** 
 Demand they stand strong in support of H.B. 2292, send it back to the House floor as is, and insist on a recorded vote on the House floor.   Tell them you won’t stand for any amendment that leaves the backdoor open for Common Core. 
 The education establishment also claims that repealing Common Core would be too expensive. The truth is there is a lot of money to be saved by getting rid of Common Core. Just one example is the $9 million we could save every year by getting rid of Common Core’s superfluous testing and related costs. The House Budget Office wants you to believe it would cost millions to write new standards and assessments, but this is only true if the most expensive option possible is selected as the path forward. 
 The truth is there are several excellent options for standards and assessments that are available for free if the Kansas Board of Education simply decides to use them. The pre-Common Core standards and assessments -- which resulted in much higher scores than we’ve seen with Common Core -- would be free! 
 The education establishment wants to ignore the real savings associated with repealing Common Core. And they’re telling legislators about imagined and unnecessary costs that would be caused only by really poor decisions by the Kansas Board of Education. 
 That is typical behavior for the education establishment in Kansas. 
 But without your immediate action, weak-kneed legislators will fall for it. 
 **That’s why it’s extremely important you contact the representatives listed above right now. 
** 
 Demand they stand strong in support of H.B. 2292, send it back to the House floor as is, and insist on a recorded vote on the House floor. 
 Tell them you won’t stand for any amendment that leaves the backdoor open for Common Core. 
 It should be no surprise you and I would see this kind of nonsense from the education establishment. After all, we saw the same shenanigans from them last year. But it seems there really is nothing the education establishment won't do or say to protect the status quo. 
 The good news is their willingness to make outrageous claims means your hard work is making a difference. You see, attacks against H.B. 2292 by the education lobby are a testimony to the fact that this bill would completely expel Common Core from Kansas schools. 
 The education lobby knows they must defeat this bill to preserve their power! That means the closer you and I get to repealing Common Core, the more shenanigans we can expect. 
 The bad news is the education establishment has enormous resources at their disposal and already have a plan in place to sneak an amendment into our bill with a backdoor to keep Common Core. 
 So your hard work cannot stop now; you and I have to remain vigilant. We have to double down. 
 That’s why it’s extremely important you contact the representatives listed above now. 
 Demand they stand strong in support of H.B. 2292, send it back to the House floor as is, and insist on a recorded vote on the House floor. 
 This year -- with your help -- we will get a roll call vote on the house floor. With your help, we can pass a clean bill that is not watered down or destroyed by amendments that will leave a backdoor loophole for Common Core. 
 **So be sure to contact the representatives listed above right now. 
** 
 Demand they stand strong in support of H.B. 2292, send it back to the House floor as is, and insist on a recorded vote on the House floor. 
 Tell them you won’t stand for any amendment that leaves the backdoor open for Common Core. 
 Let’s pave the way for a victory against Common Core . . . forever. 
 KACC 
 /  Tagged  Call to Action ,  Common Core ,  Kansas ,  Kansas College and Career Ready Standards ,  Stop Common Core ,  Take Action  /   Leave a comment 
 CALL TO ACTION…Stop the Lies 
 Posted on  February 29, 2016  by  kansansagainstcommoncoreii 
 Stop Common Core Warriors- 
 Your legislators are believing Randy Watson’s lies. 
 You see, several members of the Kansas House have reported that Mr. Watson, the highly paid Kansas Commissioner of Education, has been lying to Kansas legislators and saying that Common Core is gone from Kansas classrooms. 
 In reality, Common Core standards remain in Kansas classrooms, under the name of College and Career Ready, and under other aligned standards and curricula. 
 In addition, assessments used in Kansas today are all aligned with Common Core! 
 Randy Watson knows that if our legislators know the truth, they will be much more likely to insist on passing H.B. 2292 to fully repeal Common Core! 
 The simple truth is that many programs, curricula, and standards are aligned with the Common Core standards, including College and Career Ready and the AP courses, to name only two. The simple truth is that Kansas schools will continue to use these and other Common Core aligned standards, assessments, and curricula until your Kansas legislature passes H.B. 2292! 
 Contact your Kansas representative immediately, and tell them to stop believing Randy Watson’s lies about Common Core no longer being in Kansas!  (See contact info below.) 
 It should be no surprise that we would see this kind of lying from the education establishment in 2016. After all, we saw the same lying last year from the education establishment and from legislators who wanted to appear to support Common Core repeal, but instead worked hard only to discredit our bill. 
 We expected that opponents to our bill would use the same tricks and schemes on the House floor that they tried last year in the House Education Committee, including: 
 
 
 
 Lying about our bill costing taxpayers, when it will actually save money; 
Lying about the contents of our bill; 
Lying about the constitutionality of our bill; 
Proposing large last minute amendments to gut our bill; 
And even proposing last minute amendments to replace our entire bill. 
 
 
 
 But we had no idea that Randy Watson would be willing to publicly state an outright lie, repeatedly insisting that Common Core is no longer in Kansas schools! 
 And your legislators are believing this lie! 
 Attacks against H.B. 2292 by the education lobby are a testimony to the fact that this bill would completely expel Common Core and all related standards and curricula from Kansas schools. The education lobby knows that they must defeat this bill to preserve their power! H.B. 2292 was written very deliberately, because your Kansans Against Common Core team did their homework. These attacks are also due to your hard work. The education lobby is running scared, because you have been sending calls and emails to your legislators demanding a full repeal of Common Core by passing H.B. 2292. 
 You see, over the last year, moms, teachers, and activists from all across Kansas have been going to work knocking on doors, making phone calls, writing emails, gathering petition signatures, and doing whatever it takes to force a vote on our Common Core Repeal bill. 
 We are proud to tell you that your hard work is paying off! Thanks to your hard work and that of grassroots activists across the state, our bill –- now officially H.B. 2292 -- has been passed out of the Kansas House Education Committee! That’s right. The Kansas House now has the opportunity to pass the most thorough Common Core Repeal bill IN THE NATION. 
 And the education lobby is now more afraid than ever! We can expect more shenanigans, not less, from them between now and the vote on H.B. 2292 on the house floor! 
 So our hard work cannot stop here. If we stop now, Speaker Merrick could choose to never give our bill a recorded vote on the House floor. If we stop now, your legislator might continue to believe Randy Watson’s lies.  That 's why it is so important you take action immediately! 
 Contact your Kansas representative immediately, and tell them to stop believing Randy Watson’s lies about Common Core no longer being in Kansas!  (See contact info below.) 
 Repealing Common Core is now more important than ever! 
 With the passage of the federal Every Student Succeeds Act (ESSA) last fall, Randy Watson and many others want us to believe Common Core has been eliminated by the federal government. That could not be further from the truth! 
 Unfortunately, the ESSA keeps the College and Career Ready standards, which are essentially Common Core. Worse, the ESSA forces states to comply with these standards to receive money from the federal government! If Kansas complies with the ESSA, the feds will control the standards and assessments in Kansas schools, possibly forever. 
 The feds only contribute about 8% of total Kansas spending on education, but they want to control 100% of the standards and outcomes. The good news is H.B. 2292 will fully repeal Common Core, including College and Career Ready and other related standards and curricula. 
 The other good news is the original 2016 bill lists 30 cosponsors in the Kansas House. 
 But we could lose this opportunity if your legislator believes Randy Watson’s lies! 
 That's why it is so important you take action immediately! 
 Last year, we got a hearing on our Common Core Repeal bill in the House Education Committee, but the debate and vote were fraught with shenanigans! 
 This year, however, thanks to grassroots efforts, our bill has already passed out of the House Education Committee! 
 But you can expect that opponents of our bill are planning to use the same tricks and schemes on the House floor that they tried last year in the House Education Committee! 
And you can expect that Randy Watson will continue to lie to legislators in Topeka. Our insiders are already telling us that some folks -- who claim to be against Common Core -- are saying our bill will cost astronomical sums, when our bill will actually save $9 million every year on superfluous and time-wasting assessments required by Common Core! 
 The opposition is also already telling lies about the non-existent 2017 Kansas standards. They are falsely claiming the 2017 standards would ban AP and IB courses, but these standards are well over a year from even being prepared! You can see the despair of the education establishment in their lies and shenanigans! 
 We will face down every one of these lies. Truth can prevail. This year -- with your help -- we will get a roll call vote on the House floor for our Common Core Repeal bill. 
With your help, we can pass a clean bill that is not watered down or destroyed by bad amendments. We can pave the way for a victory against Common Core, forever. But this is a slow process, and winning takes hard work. 
 That's why we need your help to ensure that your legislator does not believe Randy Watson’s lies. We need your help to ensure that this important bill gets a fair debate and roll call vote on the House floor. 
 Contact your Kansas representative immediately, and tell them to stop believing Randy Watson’s lies about Common Core no longer being in Kansas!  Tell them you want them to pass this bill, HB2292, with NO amendments! 
 You can find contact information for your Kansas state representative here. 
 If you are not sure who your Kansas state representative is, you can find that information here. 
 Also, please contact these members of the leadership in the Kansas House to tell them to stop believing Randy Watson’s lies about Common Core no longer being in Kansas! 
 Speaker Ray Merrick 
785-296-2302 
ray.merrick@house.ks.gov 
 Speaker Pro Tem Peggy Mast 
785-291-3500 
peggy.mast@house.ks.gov 
 Majority Leader Jene Vickrey 
785-296-7662 
jene.vickrey@house.ks.gov 
 Assistant Majority Leader Mario Goico 
785 296-7663 
mario.goico@house.ks.gov 
 Majority Whip Willie Dove 
785 296-7677 
willie.dove@house.ks.gov 
 With your help we can expel Common Core from Kansas schools permanently! 
 Thank You, 
 Kansans Against Common Core 
 P.S. Thanks to the hard work of grassroots activists across the state our bill to fully expel Common Core from Kansas schools has been passed out of the Kansas House Education Committee! 
 **Call your legislator and House leadership immediately and tell them to stop believing Randy Watson’s lies, and to assure that H.B. 2292 gets a fair hearing and roll call vote on the House floor! 
** 
 /  Tagged  Call to Action ,  Common Core ,  Kansas ,  Kansas College and Career Ready Standards ,  Stop Common Core ,  Topeka  /   Leave a comment 
 Press Release 
 Posted on  February 23, 2016  by  kansansagainstcommoncoreii 
 TOPEKA, Kan. (Feb. 19, 2016) – A step in the direction of upholding the U.S. Constitution and the Kansas Constitution was taken Wednesday. A step to uphold the state’s purview over Education and uphold parent rights and responsibilities to educate their children was taken Wednesday. 
 A Kansas bill to cut off education related ties with the federal government including the withdrawal of the state from the Common Core standards passed out of the House Education Committee on Wednesday. This bill would nullify nationalized education in the state. 
 A combination of thirty representatives introduced House Bill 2676 (HB2676), the Local Control of Kansas Education Act, on Feb. 10th. 
 HB2676 is nearly identical to last year’s bill, House Bill 2292 (HB2292), with only minor updates. HB2292 received a hearing and a vote in committee last year, but did not make it out of committee. 
 On Wednesday, a motion to reconsider HB2292 in committee was successful. This was followed up by a successful motion to substitute HB2676 into the bill, and finally a motion to pass Substitute for House Bill 2292 (Sub for HB2292). It was successfully passed out of committee, under Chair, Ron Highland. House members voting it out of committee were: Tony Barton, John Bradford, Rob Bruchman, Amanda Grosserode, Dennis Hedke, Becky Hutchins, Kevin Jones, Kasha Kelley, Charles Macheers, Peggy Mast, Marc Rhoades, and Jene Vickrey. Now it will move on to the full House for consideration. 
 The legislation declares “the state shall retain sole control over the development, establishment and revision of K-12 curriculum standards.” 
 Additionally, the bill forbids any Kansas entity or official from ceding any authority over Kansas education to any entity not explicitly named in the Kansas Constitution. It then voids any past or future action taken to implement Common Core or other national education standards. 
 “Any actions taken by any education entity or any state official to adopt, implement or align programs, assessments, testing, surveys or any educational materials or activities to the common core state standards, the social, emotional and character development standards, the national curriculum standards for social studies, the national health education standards, the national sexuality education standards, core content and skills, K-12 or any other academic standards not in the public domain, free of any copyright, are void beginning July 1, 2017.” 
 Local control of education is upheld. Parents’ rights to direct the education of their child through locally controlled schools is upheld. Local schools and teachers will be responsive to parents rather than implementers of state and federal education dictates. The bill mandates that new academic standards shall be developed through a state process but also makes clear that any standards developed will be “model” standards with local school districts having the authority to maintain their own curriculum. 
 A first of its kind step was taken to explicitly ensure parents’ and students’ rights to protect their intellectual property. The bill upholds parents’ control over their child’s data in regard to its creation, collection, use, and privacy. A significant step was taken to protect students from intrusive data mining and collection, programs that are inherent with initiatives like Common Core. 
 As the House Education committee learned on Wednesday, the all-encompassing federal intrusion in education is being rejected across the country including in states like Washington and New York. 
 However, you can be sure that the Education Establishment, including the KNEA, KASB, State School Board, and State Department of Education, will do everything they can to maintain the status quo, resulting in “rebranded” versions of the same program. 
 You can be sure that people you elected, who said they were against the federal intrusion into education and would work to remove it, will staunchly claim their commitment to protect the state, but will act to water down or prevent passing this bill. 
 Some claim that a bill recently passed by Congress, the Every Student Succeeds Act (ESSA), places a great deal more control in the hands of states, local communities, parents, and educators including cutting the federal strings of Common Core. That could not be further from the truth. The ESSA actually requires states to comply with College and Career Ready Standards, which are Common Core. The bill does not remove the federal government from the business of education, as it requires the federal education secretary to approve each state’s plans for education. In addition, state chief school officers continue to be held accountable for not reporting a 95% participation rate on student assessments. The ESSA also extends federal funding to states to review and improve their existing pre-K programs. We can fully expect, and have found, this extension of “assistance” to be laden with all the usual federal encroachments that accompany federal funding. 
 Federal involvement in education is about control, not education. The partnership between the federal departments of Labor and Education to further the development of fully functioning statewide birth-to-adulthood databases on citizens, and commonality of standards and testing across the country is reshaping the nation. It will result, as intended, in only people whose education they can control getting jobs, getting into college, and getting into the military. It's a tool of control, not a tool of education. 
 It is extremely important that this bill move forward without any amendments. Changes that affect the intent or effectiveness of the bill will be attempted. “Rebranded” do-nothing bills occur when all aspects of federal intrusion are not addressed and repealed. 
 HB2292 (formerly HB2676) does address and repeal all aspects of federal intrusion, including Common Core. 
 We believe parents are those best equipped to direct the upbringing and education of their children. 
 We believe teachers are best able to be responsive to parents and meet the education needs of children when they are not encumbered by federal and state mandates. 
 We believe individual teachers are degreed professionals who are capable of creating their own lesson plans and deciding how to teach. 
 Rejecting nationalized education standards is the first step toward bringing true academic choice, freedom, and protection of personal property. Passage of this legislation, without amendments, into law represents a positive step forward for the children, parental rights, and the constitution. 
 /  Tagged  Common Core ,  ESSA ,  HB2676 ,  Homeschool ,  Kansas ,  Kansas College and Career Ready Standards ,  KansasCan ,  Stop Common Core ,  USDOE ,  USDOL  /   2 Comments 
 UPDATE  Call To Action-ALL HANDS ON DECK 
 Posted on  February 19, 2016  by  kansansagainstcommoncoreii 
 We have a few more calls we need you to make. Please see the updated list below. 
 Things have heated up and we need YOUR help.  Please, pass this along to your friends, family, and neighbors and encourage them to make the calls too.  We cannot take the next step without you. The opposition is fierce and  we must stand strong and united . 
 1. Call Speaker Ray Merrick's office: Phone: 785-296-2302 
Email: ray.merrick@house.ks.gov 
Ask him to "support HB2292 with no amendments." 
2. Call Speaker Pro Tem Peggy Mast's office: Phone 785-291-3500 
Email: peggy.mast@house.ks.gov 
Ask her to "support HB2292 with no amendments." 
3. Call House Majority Leader Jene Vickrey's office: Phone: 785-296-7662 
Email: jene.vickrey@house.ks.gov 
Ask him to "support HB2292 with no amendments." 
4. Call House Majority Whip Willie Dove's office: Phone: 785-296-7677 
Email: willie.dove@house.ks.gov 
Ask him to "support HB2292 with no amendments." 
5. Call Governor Brownback's office: 785-296-3232 
Ask him to "support HB2292 with no amendments." 
6. Call YOUR representative (find your rep here): 
 http://www.kslegislature.org/li/b2015_16/chamber/house/ 
Ask your rep to "support HB2292 with no amendments." 
*Even if your representative doesn't want to hear from you, it's still important to make that call. 
 Again, things are REALLY HEATING UP and the opposition is swinging into fast action. We cannot let them get the upper hand. The State School Board and some legislators are up to their usual actions to derail getting Common Core out of Kansas by challenging the bill's constitutionality and drafting amendments to water down the bill. One call will not be enough. You're going to have to make many calls over the next week.  It is critical that our calls outnumber their calls. 
 We have heard that videos and lengthy PDFs are being put together in opposition to this bill. We must unite now and fend off these attacks from groups like the PTA who put out this type of negative propaganda. 
 Thank you for your support and your action is key to getting Common Core out of Kansas. Without you, the grassroots, we are dead in the water. 
KACC 
 /  Tagged  Call to Action ,  Common Core ,  Kansas College and Career Ready Standards ,  Parents ,  Stop Common Core ,  Take Action ,  Topeka  /   2 Comments 
 Heads Up…And OPT OUT of State Testing 
 Posted on  February 15, 2016  by  kansansagainstcommoncoreii 
 Fine Followers- 
 Two years ago the Kansas Department of Education declared that we were out of the Smarter Balanced testing consortium and that our state assessments would be returned to the University of Kansas (CETE). For a brief moment, we were thrilled. That is until we dug just a little deeper to find out that CETE then farmed out that testing to none other than Smarter Balanced. So, it was really nothing but a poorly veiled smoke screen. 
 Fast forward to February 2016-present day. According to  The Street  and PR Newswire, 
 "Questar Assessment Inc. will administer the spring 2016 English Language Proficiency Assessment for the 21st Century (ELPA21) summative assessments for grades K-12 for the State of Kansas." 
 You can read the whole thing here:  http://www.thestreet.com/story/13454317/1/questar-assessment-inc-to-administer-elpa21-k-12-summative-assessments-for-state-of-kansas-in-spring-2016.html 
 So, at first glance, this too seems like it might be a good thing. However, let me point out two damaging facts. 1. Questar is ALIGNED with Smarter Balanced. Here it is from the Questar website (and I will add the screen shot below as well): 
 "Our system features a bank of 26 technology-enhanced items types that include all recommended by the Smarter Balanced, PARCC and ELPA21 consortia, as well as a unique audio item type that allows students to respond with, and be scored on, recorded voice responses." 
Here is the website:  
 
 2. The Kansas Education Commissioner, Randy Watson, is telling Kansans that we do not have Common Core in Kansas. That is just not true. The Kansas College and Career Ready Standards ARE Common Core. The fact that this Questar test has connections with SBAC (Smarter Balanced) and PAARC, means that the tests ARE ALIGNED to the Common Core Standards, AKA Kansas College and Career Ready Standards. Abraham Lincoln said, "How many legs does a dog have if you count his tail as a leg? Four. You can call a tail a leg if you want to, but that doesn't make it a leg," so do not let this twisting of words fool you. 
 So….what to do???  OPT OUT! Opt out your kid(s) from state testing!  It's not too late! Here's all you need to do: 
1. Write a note to the principal saying that you want to opt your kid out of state testing-both formative (little tests that happen during the school year) and summative (the "big" tests in the spring). KEEP A COPY for yourself. Make sure that it's dated and has your kid's full name on it and your signature. 
2. Know that your child cannot be punished for not taking the test. 
3. Some parents pick up their kids during state testing times. Some parents help provide another activity for their kids. Some kids work on existing assignments (not additional assignments), some read for pleasure, some do an art project or practice their instrument, and some help a teacher. These are just some suggestions. 
4. This isn't about what's "best for the school," but rather "what's best for your kid." Always keep that in mind. YOU are your child's first and best advocate. 
 Let us know if you have questions and thank you for all your support! 
KACC 
 /  Tagged  Common Core Presentation ,  Kansas College and Career Ready Standards ,  Opt Out ,  SBAC ,  Stop Common Core  /   2 Comments 
 Call to Action: Let's Win This One! 
 Posted on  February 12, 2016  by  kansansagainstcommoncoreii 
 Our bill,  HB 2676  , has been submitted in the Kansas House, and will fully expel Common Core from Kansas schools! 
 Despite this good news, the fact remains that  your actions are needed immediately.  This bill is subject to a fast approaching legislative deadline, and must be heard, debated, and voted on within the next two weeks! 
 Not only that, but our contacts in Topeka are reporting that opponents of HB2676 are planning to use the same tricks and schemes they tried last year! 
 These tactics include: 
 
 
 
 Lying about the contents of our bill 
Lying about the constitutionality of our bill 
Proposing large last minute amendments to gut our bill 
And even proposing last minute amendments to replace our entire bill 
 
 
 
 That 's why we need your help to ensure that this important bill gets a fair vote in committee. 
 The following 8 members of the House Education Committee have signed on as sponsors of HB 2676. Contact them immediately and urge them to stand firm for the exact language in HB 2676, and nothing more or less! Your courtesy and professionalism is always requested and appreciated when calling or emailing our legislators. 
 Rep. Tony Barton 785-296-7522 tony.barton@house.ks.gov 
Rep. John Bradford 785 296-7653 john.bradford@house.ks.gov 
Rep. Dennis Hedke 785 296-7699 dennis.hedke@house.ks.gov 
Rep. Becky Hutchins 785-296-3971 becky.hutchins@house.ks.gov 
Rep. Kevin Jones 785 296-6287 kevin.jones@house.ks.gov 
Rep. Jerry Lunn 785 296-7675 jerry.lunn@house.ks.gov 
Rep. Charles Macheers 785 296-7675 charles.macheers@house.ks.gov 
Rep. Marc Rhoades 785 296-7671 marc.rhoades@house.ks.gov 
 It is amazing to think that the Kansas legislature has still not expelled Common Core from Kansas schools. 
 You would think that a legislature with a 3-1 “conservative” majority in the Kansas House, and a 2-1 “conservative” majority in the Kansas Senate, could have done this by now. 
 To make things worse, with the passage of the Every Student Succeeds Act (ESSA) last fall, many want us to believe that Common Core has been eliminated by the federal government. 
 Unfortunately, the ESSA keeps the College and Career Ready standards, which are essentially Common Core. 
 Worse, the ESSA forces states to comply with these standards to receive any money from the federal government. 
 If Kansas complies with the ESSA, the feds will control the standards and assessments in Kansas schools, possibly forever. 
 The Feds only contribute less than 8% of total Kansas spending on education, but they want to control 100% of the standards and outcomes. 
 The good news is that HB 2676 will fully repeal Common Core. 
 The other good news is that the bill has 8 cosponsors in the House Education Committee. Please call them immediately to urge them to stand firm for the exact language in HB 2676, and nothing more or less! 
 Rep. Tony Barton 785-296-7522 tony.barton@house.ks.gov 
Rep. John Bradford 785 296-7653 john.bradford@house.ks.gov 
Rep. Dennis Hedke 785 296-7699 dennis.hedke@house.ks.gov 
Rep. Becky Hutchins 785-296-3971 becky.hutchins@house.ks.gov 
Rep. Kevin Jones 785 296-6287 kevin.jones@house.ks.gov 
Rep. Jerry Lunn 785 296-7675 jerry.lunn@house.ks.gov 
Rep. Charles Macheers 785 296-7675 charles.macheers@house.ks.gov 
Rep. Marc Rhoades 785 296-7671 marc.rhoades@house.ks.gov 
 Thanks to your efforts, last year we got a hearing on our Common Core repeal bill in the House Education Committee. Almost identical to HB 2676, our bill last year would have fully repealed Common Core, including the College and Career Ready Standards. 
 But last year, the debate and vote on our bill were fraught with shenanigans! There was literally no debate on our bill, only on the amendments that would have destroyed or seriously watered it down! 
 This year, we want a real debate and vote on the Common Core Repeal bill in House Education, so that we know who is for expelling Common Core and who is for keeping Common Core. 
 You need to know where your legislators stand! You need to know who says they are against Common Core, and who really has the courage to vote for a full expulsion of Common Core from Kansas schools! 
 With your efforts again this year, we can pave the way for a victory against Common Core, forever. But this is a slow process, and winning takes hard work. 
 And the lame excuses and false statements are already starting to flow: 
 Some legislators are trying to claim the bill is unconstitutional, but they said that about last year’s nearly identical bill as well, and Secretary of State Kris Kobach wrote that last year’s bill was not only constitutional, but that he enthusiastically supported it! 
 Some legislators naively or diabolically claim that the ESSA already eliminated Common Core standards, so we don’t need to pass our bill. They either have not read the ESSA, or do not understand that the **College and Career Ready standards are now forced on Kansas by the ESSA and are also really Common Core. 
** 
Some legislators whine and complain that the bill is “too strong” for them to support, but in other states which recently passed weaker Common Core repeal laws, teachers are finding that Common Core “is alive and well and we are kicking and screaming.” 
 HB 2676 was written very deliberately, because your Kansans Against Common Core team did their homework. Experts in Kansas and across the country were consulted to learn what works and what hasn't worked. 
 So, please call the sponsors of HB 2676 in the House Education Committee immediately to urge them to stand firm for the exact language in HB 2676, and nothing more or less! 
 Rep. Tony Barton 785-296-7522 tony.barton@house.ks.gov 
Rep. John Bradford 785 296-7653 john.bradford@house.ks.gov 
Rep. Dennis Hedke 785 296-7699 dennis.hedke@house.ks.gov 
Rep. Becky Hutchins 785-296-3971 becky.hutchins@house.ks.gov 
Rep. Kevin Jones 785 296-6287 kevin.jones@house.ks.gov 
Rep. Jerry Lunn 785 296-7675 jerry.lunn@house.ks.gov 
Rep. Charles Macheers 785 296-7675 charles.macheers@house.ks.gov 
Rep. Marc Rhoades 785 296-7671 marc.rhoades@house.ks.gov 
 With your help  , we can get a full debate and honest vote on Common Core repeal, and set the stage to expel Common Core from Kansas forever! You deserve to know who has the courage to stand up to the paid lobbyists in Topeka! 
 Your calls and emails got our bill to the House Education Committee last year, where we exposed the shenanigans of those opposed to Common Core repeal.  Help keep this bill moving! 
 Contact the cosponsors in the House Education Committee immediately! 
 Thank you for your support and efforts- 
KACC 
 Link to the HB2676:  http://www.kslegislature.org/li/b2015_16/measures/hb2676/ 
 /  Tagged  Call to Action ,  Common Core ,  Kansas ,  Kansas College and Career Ready Standards ,  Stop Common Core ,  Topeka  /   Leave a comment 
 Call To Action-It's Time to Bug Some Representatives! 
 Posted on  February 8, 2016  by  kansansagainstcommoncoreii 
 CALL TO ACTION—IT’S TIME TO BUG SOME REPRESENTATIVES: 
Fine Followers: 
 Today, we have a new list of representatives for you who will need a little extra attention from all of us this week. **Time is of the essence. Please, do not delay! 
** 
These folks need a little encouragement to sponsor RS2855 which is the Repeal Common Core preliminary bill the revisors have that is awaiting a bill number. For some reason, many House members will “hear” big lobbyists but not the grassroots. Let’s show them what a mistake that is by lighting up their phone lines!  It’s time to bug them.  Call the people below and ask them to sponsor RS2855 and the rep should contact Rep. Tony Barton to sponsor. 
 We have personally asked each of these representatives to sign on their support for our Repeal Common Core bill and they have given us a few different explanations as to why they will not “yet” sign on. You may recall that we posted a few of these excuses, with a little sarcasm to boot, a few days back. Here is part of that post with the excuses: 
"election year" 
"getting a lot of heat" 
"we've done this before, not doing again" 
"don't want to make people mad" 
"so-and-so told me not to vote for it" 
"costs too much" 
"not constitutional" 
"will be challenged in court" 
"too controversial" 
"do we still have that in Kansas?" 
“I thought that was going away with ESSA.” 
“Representative so and so said we don’t have Common Core in Kansas…” 
"my best friend is in the bathroom, so I have to wait for him to come out, to know what to do" 
"check w/ me tomorrow, I left my brain at home today" 
 So, we need you to do what you do best…  FLOOD THE PHONE LINES!  It’s not enough to make one call.  It takes persistence and determination and we have just the grassroots group who fits that bill!  If you are in one of these rep’s districts, then it is even more important. Remember that one call from a constituent is the equivalent to one hundred opinions. If you are from that rep’s district, make sure to say you are from his district! Get your friends and neighbors to call too. If you’re not from that district, then gently remind the rep that you are a Kansan! **Time will run short and so these folks need to hear from you again and again. Don’t be shy! 
** 
If you can, let us know what they tell you. 
 Representative: 
Esau – 785 296-7688 (from Olathe) 
Gonzalez – 785 296-7500 (from Perry) 
Hawkins – 785 296-7631 (from Wichita) 
Highland – 785 456-9799 (from Wamego)—also the House Ed. Chair…so make sure to ask him for an 
honest hearing, debate, and vote on this! 
Lunn- 785 296-7675 (from Overland Park)—the Vice Chair of the House Ed. committee—so he needs to 
get with the program as well! 
Mast – 785-291-3500 (from Emporia) 
McPherson – 785 296-7695 (from Overland Park) 
Osterman – 785 296-7689 (from Wichita) 
Ryckman Jr. – 785 296-5481 (from Olathe) 
Ryckman Sr.- 785 296-7658 (from Meade) 
Thimesch – 785 296-7105 (from Spivey) 
 Thank you for your help to expel Common Core from Kansas and to help push these so-called “conservative” or “republican” representatives to do the job that you, the people, sent them to Topeka to do! Keep this bill moving forward.  Only YOU can make it happen! 
 KACC 
 
 /  Tagged  Common Core ,  Kansas College and Career Ready Standards ,  Stop Common Core ,  Take Action ,  Topeka  /   Leave a comment 
 We Are Fired Up. Are You? You Will Be…Read On! 
 Posted on  March 24, 2015  by  kansansagainstcommoncoreii 
 ACTION ITEMS at the END 
 March 23, 2015 
Ok, Parents. 
 Here’s what has happened. The long and short of it is our legislators continuously find every reason and means to NOT remove Common Core from our kids’ schools. 
The TRUTH is: They CHOOSE not to act. 
The TRUTH is: This is just one of many issues that may or may not get their attention, and well, maybe next year. 
 Although last year was an election year and the Governor didn’t want anything controversial, so it couldn’t happen then. 
The TRUTH is: They all admit, including the Governor, this was the one consistent issue they hear about from the PEOPLE of this state. 
But, they “Don’t have the votes”? 
But, we “Can’t pass it out of committee because we don’t have the votes on the floor”? 
But the thing that makes me the MOST enraged, right now..is MY KIDS having to deal with Common Core on a DAILY basis. EVERY DAY, I have to watch my kids live and breathe Common Core. EVERY DAY is one more piece of them affected by Common Core. The people in Topeka DO NOT FEEL that and most certainly DO NOT care that REAL KIDS are dealing with this EVERY DAY. My KIDS, your KIDS come behind their posturing and their un-informed minds and their personal agendas and their political tactics. 
 Do you know that very FEW legislators have kids in public schools? 
Do you know that very FEW legislators have kids young enough to currently be in K-12 school? 
Do you know that nearly all legislators with kids young enough are either homeschooling or sending their kids to non-public school institutions? 
 Do you know that, even on the Education Committee, legislators have not personally taken the time to find out what’s REALLY happening in classrooms all across the state? They call their sons or daughters to find out how they should vote! Or they call their religious leader connections! Or they spew “talking point” verbiage we all know isn’t true, like, “Kansas College and Career Ready Standards are named such because they were developed by Kansans”! 
 Do you know that legislators openly admit to “following the direction” of other legislators, so “if you want me to vote differently, you need to get with ‘the one’ I am following.” And when we attempted on MULTIPLE occasions to do just that, the “leader of the pack” wouldn’t meet? 
Do you know that the “leader of the pack,” a homeschooler by the way, who believes that not all Common Core materials need to be removed from schools, therefore nearly all attempts go “too far” in removing Common Core, believes that we have to protect the state’s ability to collect personally identifiable data on children, and believes that you, the parent, should not have the right to determine the programs that are best for your children, just as she does in personally deciding what is best for hers? 
 Do you know that the “leader of the pack” worked to actively kill this bill 
by saying things about it that are not true (thank you Sec. Kobach for your clarification), 
by saying that “The votes aren’t there,” and 
by introducing an 11th hour substitute bill that, as pointed out by committee members, “pretty much maintains the status quo.” 
 THIS ONE PARTICULARLY BURNS ME: 
Do you know that, just today, a legislator said that we needed to ”Get more parents to the capitol” in order to sway legislators to change their vote? 
After ALL the phone calls and ALL the emails (most of which we were told they just delete without reading) and ALL of you who DID GO TO THE CAPITOL and ALL of you who have worked tirelessly in your communities to inform others of what is happening to our kids, they have the audacity (FB prohibits me from using more appropriately strong language here) to say that? 
 The TRUTH is: Our legislators are not truly HEARING you and acting accordingly. 
The TRUTH is: They will act according to what THEY think should happen, leaving you, the parent, at their mercy, with NO RIGHTS to control and direct YOUR CHILD’S education. 
 We are working on the next steps in this crusade to extract, through the legislative process, something that never had to go through a legislative process to be brought into our state. 
We will not sit down or be quiet or stop. We can’t. 
 As a parent, 
I will continue taking steps to never allow my child to take any of the assessing tests. 
I will continue to not approve my child’s participation in academic technologies that track and mine data on my child. 
I will continue to actively employ interventions to counter the social mind-wrangling my kids experience at school every day. 
I will continue to COMMUNICATE my DISSATISFACTION with my legislator’s inaction to my legislator. 
I WILL HOLD MY LEGISLATOR ACCOUNTABLE FOR HIS LACK OF ACTION. 
 Blessings to you all in your own heart-felt wrestling and day-to-day battles with this. 
 I will not stop, because I cannot. 
 KACC 
 ACTION ITEMS: 
1. Call the Governor’s office frequently and tell him to rid this state of Common Core. 785-296-3232 
2. Call Speaker Merrick’s office frequently and tell him to rid this state of Common Core. 785-296-2302 
3. Call your own representative. List here:  http://www.kslegislature.org/li/b2015_16/chamber/house/roster/ 
TELL THESE PEOPLE WHAT YOU WANT AND TELL THEM FREQUENTLY! Tell them you’re tired of the baloney and that NOW is the time to take care of Kansas kids, teachers, and parents. Let them know that you are watching what they do and what they say, and in state government, the next election is always just around the corner! 
 Thanks, and never give up! 
KACC 
 P.S. OPT OUT OF STATE TESTING TODAY! 
 
 /  Tagged  Articles ,  Call to Action ,  Common Core ,  Kansas ,  Kansas College and Career Ready Standards ,  Stop Common Core ,  Take Action ,  Topeka  /   Leave a comment 
 Getting Down to the Wire 
 Posted on  March 12, 2015  by  kansansagainstcommoncoreii 
 Hi Everyone- 
 We have reports that there are lots of calls and emails making it to a number of House Education Committee members. This is outstanding. Good work, troops! But, you're not done yet.  MORE, MORE, MORE  are needed, so please, forward this on to every Kansan you can think of and ask them to take action…again and again! 
 It is getting down to the wire in committees to pass bills so that the full House has a chance to act on them. We only have one week left for this to happen. So, here's what we need from all of you, and more! 
 1.  Call/email the  House Education Committee Chair, Ron Highland  at ron.highland@house.ks.gov 785-296-7310. We are asking that you be  polite, but firm  (i.e. use your "mom voice") in asking him to: 
 
 Make public the date for the vote. 
 Record all votes (so we all know who votes how). 
 
 2.  Call/email  Rep. Bradford  at john.bradford@house.ks.gov 785 296-7653. Here, we are asking that you be  polite, but assertive  (I would say more like a firm "teacher voice"). The messages he must hear: 
 
 He's been saying he's been trying to get rid of CC for three years, and here is his perfect chance and it seems he won't take it. Make sure to point that out. 
 HB2292 is a SOLID BILL…so support it! 
 It is not right that he's holding back HB2292. 
 Let the FULL HOUSE see the bill and let them decide what to do with it. 
 Voters who care about this are paying attention-he's getting hundreds of calls/emails in support of HB2292 and he needs to do the will of the people. That's his job! 
 
 3.  Call/email  Rep. Grosserode  at amanda.grosserode@house.ks.gov 785-296-7659. Again,  polite but assertive . 
 
 She's been saying she's against CC for a while and she home schools. So, now is her chance to put her money where her mouth is and SUPPORT HB2292 as it stands, no amendments. 
 Voters in her district are overwhelmingly supporting HB2292 as it stands. Is she with her constituents or against them? Does she think her voters will remember what she does, or does not do here come election time? 
 Kansas could be a leader here. We could be marching to the beat of our own drummer. Does she want to be a leader or a follower? Let the FULL HOUSE decide this, not just her. 
 
 Remember, if this doesn't make it out of committee next week, we are stuck with CC in Kansas for another year! These people MUST hear from us,  over and over again . We know you guys have been working the phone lines and the emails, but we must keep pushing and pushing. Please, don't stop now! 
 Thanks! 
 KACC 
 
 /  Tagged  Call to Action ,  Common Core ,  Kansas ,  Kansas College and Career Ready Standards ,  Stop Common Core ,  Topeka  /   Leave a comment 
 Post navigation 
 <- Older posts 
 
 CLICK ON THE IMAGE TO SIGN THE PETITION 
 
 CLICK ON THE IMAGE TO SIGN-UP FOR UPDATES 
 
 CLICK ON THE IMAGE TO DOWNLOAD THE OPT OUT FORM 
 TRUTH IN AMERICAN EDUCATION 
 
 Fight Common Core 
 
 HSLDA Common Core Issues 
 
 Heartland Institute 
 
 Facebook 
 
 Facebook 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Archives 
 
 January 2021 
 August 2020 
 June 2020 
 March 2020 
 January 2020 
 July 2019 
 May 2019 
 March 2019 
 June 2018 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 May 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 December 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 
 Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Categories 
 
 Uncategorized 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Upcoming Events 
 No upcoming events 
 Search 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
  Kansans Against Common Core  
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
