Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Senior Accountant 
 PerfectMind 
 __Burnaby, BC 
 Apply Now 
 At PerfectMind, we help membership-based organizations thrive. By helping community-driven organizations and businesses prosper and better serve their members, we play an important role in empowering our customers to enable their members to lead healthier, happier and more connected lives. We are a relationship-focused company who cares about our customers, their communities, and each other. 
 Qualifications & Experience 
 3-5 years of experience working in accounting and finance. 
CPA designation, newly designated CPA or enrollment in CPA program is a mandatory requirement. 
Must have a comprehensive hands-on technical and functional understanding of all accounting functions (i.e. AR, AP, bank reconciliations, cash management, general ledger, financial prep, financial closure, tax filing, reporting, and review) 
Experience in a SaaS environment is an asset. 
 Knowledge, Abilities, and Characteristics: 
Solid knowledge of GAAP (knowledge of the IFRS is a bonus) 
Comprehensive knowledge and experience working with QuickBooks (familiarity with other accounting software is an asset) 
You're a clear communicator. You know how to take financial information and present it back in a clear, detail-oriented manner 
You're able to handle rapidly changing requirements 
You work well under pressure and never miss a deadline 
You're solutions-driven. You truly enjoy thinking out loud to create the best solutions to complex problems 
Understanding of data analysis and forecasting 
Flexibility to work outside normal working hours to meet business demands, if required 
Ability to prioritize tasks and grasp new concepts quickly 
Hands-on knowledge and experience with budgeting and forecasting 
Strong analytical, organizational and problem-solving skills 
 Duties and Responsibilities 
 Administer company accounting best practices. 
Execute GL, AP, AR, billings & collections, payroll, consolidation, reconciliation, revenue recognition, and standard costing. 
Ensure financial reporting is performed in a timely and accurate manner in accordance to GAAP and/or IFRS. 
Assist with preparation of the annual budgets and forecasts with input from executive teams, monitor monthly variances, investigate budget deficiencies and assist with corrective actions. 
Execute year-end process including coordination with an external accounting firm and preparation of working papers and other requirements. 
Prepare corporate tax filings (GST/ PST/etc.) and assist with annual corporate tax returns. 
Assist with preparation of the management reports as required and assist with the preparation of budget and forecasts, as well as financial analysis. 
Maintain complete and accurate book and record-keeping. 
Assess and assist with development, improvement, execution of policies, procedures, and controls. 
Ensure full compliance with local, provincial, and government laws. 
Review accounting processes for efficiency and areas of improvement. 
Develop and maintain a documented system of procedures and internal controls to ensure efficient accounting operations and financial reporting accuracy. 
Assist with various projects as assigned including M&A and raising capital activities. 
Work with external auditors in relation to the annual audits. 
Provide leadership and mentorship to junior accountants. 
Assist with ad hoc projects as applicable to finance function (i.e. ERP review, selection, and implementation). 
Assist with filing for government incentives and grants applicable to tech organizations in Canada (i.e. SR&ED, SIF, etc.). 
 Why PerfectMind? 
 Be a part of a fast-growing organization. 
Keep physically active with onsite fitness facilities. 
Why so serious?? We have a casual, comfortable dress code. 
 If you have what it takes to thrive in a culture where rolling up your sleeves and being a self-starter is encouraged, appreciated, welcomed and rewarded, then we want to hear from you! 
 ** This is a full-time, in-house position, and we will only be accepting applications from candidates that are legally entitled to work in Canada. 
 To find out more about what we do click here. 
 PerfectMind is committed to promoting the values of diversity and inclusion throughout the business. Whether it is through recruitment, retention, career progression or training and development, we are committed to improving opportunities for people of all backgrounds. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
