hub & spoke: justine hyde 
 books | writing | libraries | interestingness 
 Menu Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About me 
 Selected writing 
 
 Search 
 Search for: 
 Four tips for making your job search an affirming experience 
 October 6, 2012October 12, 2012  /  justinehyde 
 Women can find themselves having an extended break from work for many reasons such as becoming a parent, taking some time out to study, illness, or retrenchment. Some of these situations are the woman's choice while others are unplanned. Whether by choice or not, looking for a new role after an interruption to work can be daunting. Many women take on this challenge with reduced self-confidence and a fear that they have been de-skilled by their time away from work. 
 There's plenty of sound advice out there about how to best approach job search; treat it as a full-time job, establish a social media profile, find a mentor, develop a killer resume, practice your interview techniques and network network network. You know the drill. And for most women it is a drill. A long, slow, arduous journey of ups and downs, knock-backs, great interviews and interesting leads that go nowhere, and a telephone that just won't ring no matter how many times you check it. 
 If your self-esteem is already fragile to begin with, it's at risk of being pummeled by the job search process. A shredded ego is not going to have a positive impact on helping you land your dream job. So, how do you turn your job search into an affirming experience and use it an opportunity for development and growth? 
 Here are four tips that could help 
 1. Remind yourself why you are awesome 
 Before you do anything else related to your job search, write an affirmation statement. This can be a paragraph, a whole page, or a couple of dot points that confirms why you deserve a fabulous job. Write down what you are good at, what achievements you are proud of, and what qualities make you awesome. This is a helpful start to shaping your resume, but also a positive point of reference when you are feeling defeated during your job search. Read it and re-read it and believe it. 
 2. Learn something new 
 Learning is a very motivating experience and will give you a sense of accomplishment. It will help keep your skills and knowledge up to date, and you may be able to include it in your resume. It doesn't need to be formal or expensive. Read, go to a conference, do an online course, attend a lunchtime talk, or do some training. Think creatively and aim to learn something outside of your comfort zone. Pick a topic you've always been curious about but have never had the time to pursue. This can bring a new perspective to your area of expertise, or take you down a path you may not have considered before. It can also be a great way to expand your network. Check with your professional association,  The Fetch  and  Eventbrite  for interesting events for professionals in your city. 
 3. You need a project 
 One of the frustrations of job search is feeling like you're on the usefulness scrapheap. This is pretty challenging if you are used to working in a demanding job where you tick off lots of achievements every day. You need a project to work towards so you can do something meaningful and rewarding. It need not be a big commitment of time, just something you find engaging. Ideally, choose a project that builds on your skills and experience. A well-chosen consultancy project will help you make connections with prospective employers and can enhance your resume. More importantly, it will make you feel good. If you can't find a paid gig, consider offering your consulting services on a probono basis. If consulting isn't your cup of tea, think about other projects that might inspire you. For example, interview someone whose job you aspire to and write it up as a guest post for a blog that relates to your profession or sector. 
 4. Go social and have fun 
 You've set up your LinkedIn profile and got yourself a Twitter handle but you don't understand how to make it work for your job search. Yes, you can use social media to build your  reputation, positioning and profile . However, if you approach it as a personal branding exercise it will be as joyless as re-writing your resume for the 28th time. Instead, treat it as an opportunity to connect and hang out with interesting people, and contribute to stimulating conversations. Social media is also a great listening post. If you keep your ear to the ground you will get useful insights into what individuals and organisations are talking about. This can help you shape an approach to them to pitch for work before a position gets advertised. Also, consider other ways to get more social. For example, spend a day a week in a  co-working space . This will get you out the house and connecting with other professionals. You never know where these connections might lead. 
 Job search can be an affirming experience if you open yourself up to learning and doing new things and meeting new people. Treat it as a developmental opportunity and it will be much more rewarding. If you find it hard to stay positive and it is really getting you down, get some professional help:  Beyond Blue 
 This article originally appeared in  Women's Agenda 
 Share this: 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Career 
 business ,  career ,  job search ,  women 
 Post navigation 
 Five tips for compelling and persuasive business writing -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Book review: Sight by Jessie Greengrass 
 Book review: Felix Culpa by Jeremy Gavron 
 Literature trilogies 
 Meanjin: what I'm reading 
 The Wanderers: book review 
 Review: Rubik by Elizabeth Tan 
 
 My most popular posts 
 
 About me 
 Wimmera: book review 
 
 Categories 
 Categories Select Category Australian Women Writers Challenge books Books Career Conferences Content strategy Education Interview Libraries Music Ponderings Publishing Reviews Seattle Social media Travels Uncategorized Writing 
 Archives 
 Archives Select Month August 2018  July 2018  September 2017  August 2017  June 2017  May 2017  April 2017  March 2017  February 2017  January 2017  December 2016  November 2016  September 2016  June 2016  December 2014  October 2014  July 2014  April 2014  February 2014  December 2013  September 2013  August 2013  July 2013  June 2013  May 2013  April 2013  February 2013  October 2012 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 My latest tweets 
 
 Did someone say “feminist western”? Thanks @ HachetteAus   https://t.co/LSwf7OXV3N   16 hours ago 
 Thanks @ PenguinBooksAus  for the new @ casaustinauthor  !  https://t.co/nl6lVgNIgR   17 hours ago 
 Are we discussing how bad John Polson is in ‘The Dry’?  1 day ago 
 
 Follow @justine_hyde 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 136 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 #aall13   #aall2013   #aww2017   #vala14   American Association of Law Libraries   amreading   art   auslit   Australian Literature   Australian Women Writers Challenge   blogging   blogjune   blogs   books   business   career   change management   collaboration   communications   conferences   confidence   content   content curation   content strategy   David Malouf   digital   digital strategy   ebooks   education   Emerging Writers' Festival   fiction   Hachette   Hannah Kent   Helen Garner   Hottest 100   Jane Harper   job search   joe janes   Jupiter   leadership   librarians   libraries   literature   Maxine Beneba Clarke   Melbourne   memoir   M Pavilion   music   Newtown Review of Books   non fiction   professional development   publishing   rare books   reading   Reviews   Richard Flanagan   Scribe Publications   Seattle   self confidence   social media   State Library of Victoria   State Library Victoria   Stella Prize 2017   Sticky Institute   Tablo   technology   The Hate Race   transformational change   travel   Triple J   Twitter   VALA 2014   women   writing   zines 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
