Skip to primary content 
 Maine Sparks 
 What's your passion? 
 Search 
 Main menu 
 
 What's a spark? 
 What sparks you? 
 Share your spark 
 Watch the videos 
 About 
 Contact 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous 
 Maine's Project>Login Charts Pathways to Computing Careers 
 Posted on  September 29, 2014  by   Digital Producer 
 From Jay Collier, Educate Maine program director 
 Building on the foundation created for Leadership Maine's  Maine Sparks  initiative,  Educate Maine 's  Project>Login  has been developing a full-spectrum " curiosity to career " pathway for young and adult learners who are sparked by digital technologies. 
 
 Four sets of dashboards on Project>Login's  website  provide  entryways  where students, and those who guide them, can explore professions, education, careers, and profiles of young professionals who studied, and work, in Maine. 
 Explore Professions 
 
 Explore Education 
 
 Explore Jobs 
 
 Profiles of Success   
 Background 
 The  demand for computing and IT professionals  is growing in Maine, but  too few students are discovering these careers  and preparing for them to meet demand. 
 That is why the CEOs from seven of Maine's largest IT-enabled businesses and Maine’s public university system worked together to  launch Project >Login  early last year. 
 The program has grown  , and today, our corporate sponsors are: WEX, Eastern Maine Healthcare Systems, IDEXX Laboratories, MaineHealth, Maine Medical Center, TD Bank, Unum, Tyler Technologies, and the Bangor Savings Bank Foundation. Our academic sponsors are the University of Maine System, Husson University, and Thomas College. 
 We know that the students who are most  enthusiastic about digital technologies  will follow their curiosity, through exploration, study, and preparation for these great Maine jobs … but they just  don 't know where to find the resources  to get there. That is why the foundation of our campaign is a  pathway of online resources  , from curiosity to career, all based on data from the US and Maine Departments of Labor and Education. 
 
 
 About Project>Login's Curiosity to Career model 
 
 To get started, we  compiled data and resources  from  My Skills My Future ,  My Next Move , and  O*Net  for each of the 22  computing and IT degree programs  offered at our participating campuses. [ Data table .] 
 We aligned each of those careers to the  6 personality/work styles  documented over the past 40 years in the  Holland Code system  used by the DOL and school and career counselors nationwide — doers, thinkers, creators, helpers, persuaders, and organizers — so that interested students can more easily  find the career groups matched to their own particular interests. 
 Then, in each group, we've featured  careers with the brightest outlook  in Maine — careers with high demand, high salaries, and high growth — as  projected by the Maine CWRI . 
 We link each of those careers to  profiles of the campuses  [ sample ] that offer relevant majors, based on Department of Education  CIP codes . Those campus profiles include degree programs, academic support, campus life, financial assistance, and (soon) total expenses and net price calculators from the  NCES College Navigator  [ sample ] … all from a computing or IT student’s point of view. 
 The next step would be integration of  employment outcomes  to help students and families evaluate the return on investment of education pathways, and the new  Maine Workforce Data Quality Initiative  database is a great start. We can already see average  first-year wages for 4 of the 22 degree programs we're promoting , and we would like to add that information to our campus profiles in the future. 
 
 In the future,  we could envision an application  , available on a middle-school student's MLTI device, or downloaded to a phone, that would ask  personality and interest questions  (from the Holland system), offer relevant,  targeted videos from Maine professionals  who love working in those careers, and provide  pathways to explore  the specific campuses, staff, and even faculty who could help them determine  if a particular career and education might be right for them . This is currently an aspiration, but such a service could go a long way toward raising awareness of great Maine careers and the ways to get there. 
 Please do explore our own pathways website at  projectlogin.com . 
 About Project >Login 
 Project>Login is a program of Educate Maine which aims to increase the state’s computer professionals through education, information, and internships. Educate Maine, a business-led education organization, is collaborating with Maine’s businesses and universities to educate, engage, and employ more people in the fields of computer science, information technology, and computer engineering. The goal of Project>Login is to generate enough trained professionals in these fields to keep Maine businesses at the forefront of their industries. Learn more about Project>Login at projectlogin.com. 
 More resources 
 
 Project>Login: From Curiosity to Career -  http://www.slideshare.net/collier/projectlogin-from-curiosity-to-career 
 Presentation to the State Workforce Investment Board -  http://goo.gl/yOjoUw 
 Paper on competencies and practices for computing and IT -  http://goo.gl/WaeQzc 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  Project documents  by  Digital Producer . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Maine's Project>Login Charts Pathways to Computing Careers 
 Maine: a creative studio for innovation 
 The Reach Center: Sparking curiosity 
 About Sparks 
 Sparks: how youth thrive 
 
 Archives 
 Archives Select Month September 2014  December 2011  November 2011  September 2011  August 2011 
 Categories 
 Categories Select Category Project documents Sparks    Get sparked    Interests       Conventional       Enterprising       Investigative       Realistic       Social    Spark videos 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 2 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Project team  log in 
 MaineSparks.net  was developed by  The Compass LLC  for a  Leadership Maine  project sponsored by the  Maine Development Foundation . 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 %d bloggers like this: 
