
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Post-Doctoral Research Fellow, Computational Cancer Biology 
 Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Post-Doctoral Research Fellow, Computational Cancer Biology 
 __ Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center 
 [](mailto:?subject=Post%2DDoctoral%20Research%20Fellow%2C%20Computational%20Cancer%20Biology&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/14021279/post-doctoral-research-fellow-computational-cancer-biology/ "Email")  
 Application 
   
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 October 21, 2020 
 Location: 
 Seattle, Washington 
 __ Show Map 
 Salary: 
 Open 
 Type: 
 Full-time 
 Cures Start Here.  At Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, home to three Nobel laureates, interdisciplinary teams of world-renowned scientists seek new and innovative ways to prevent, diagnose and treat cancer, HIV/AIDS and other life-threatening diseases. Fred Hutchs pioneering work in bone marrow transplantation led to the development of immunotherapy, which harnesses the power of the immune system to treat cancer. An independent, nonprofit research institute based in Seattle, Fred Hutch houses the nations first cancer prevention research program, as well as the clinical coordinating center of the Womens Health Initiative and the international headquarters of the HIV Vaccine Trials Network.  Careers Start Here. 
 At Fred Hutch, we believe that the innovation, collaboration, and rigor that result from diversity and inclusion are critical to our mission of eliminating cancer and related diseases. We seek employees who bring different and innovative ways of seeing the world and solving problems. Fred Hutch is in pursuit of becoming an antiracist organization. We are committed to ensuring that all candidates hired share our commitment to diversity, antiracism, and inclusion. 
 
 Thelaboratoryof  Dr. Gavin Ha  has a  Post-DoctoralResearchFellow  positionopeninthe  Computational Biology Program  of the Public Health Sciences and Human Biology Divisions.Weare seeking a highly motivated individual whoisinterested indeveloping and implementing innovativecomputational and analyticalapproachesto study the genetics and epigenetics of cancer.Candidates who are excited about large/complex omics data analysisof cancergenomes,computationalmethods development, andliquid biopsy researchare encouraged to apply.The position hasacompetitivesalarywithgreat benefits. 
 Dr. HaisaProstate Cancer Foundation Young Investigator, V Foundation Scholar, andholds anNCI Transition Career Development Award. Hislaboratorydevelops computational approachesto study cancer genomes from tumors andliquid biopsies,suchascirculating tumorDNA.See the lab websites for more information:  https://gavinhalab.org/  . 
 Weworkin an interdisciplinaryteam environment with manylocal and externalexperts.All of our projectsinvolve partnering withinvestigatorswho havediverseexpertise inmolecular and experimental biology, cancer biology, and clinical research.Potential projectswill be part of collaborations with _ Dr.Peter Nelson  _ (Director, Prostate Cancer Research Program, Fred Hutch), _ Dr. Andrew Hsieh  _ (Deputy Director, Bladder CancerProgram, Fred Hutch), and investigators studyingother cancers. 
 Responsibilities 
 The successful candidate will have the opportunity towork on transformative andleading-edgeresearch problemsin cancer research: 
 
 Cancer Genome Analysis  studytumor evolution,non-coding genome alterations, genome rearrangements andchromatinorganization, cell plasticity, metastatic disease 
 Liquid Biopsies  developnovelapproachestoanalyzecirculating tumorDNA. 
 Multi-omicDataintegration  study of advanced bladder cancer 
 Methods DevelopmentforNewTechnologies  linked-read or long-read genome sequencing of tumors. 
 For examples of recentstudies, see  PMID:29909985  ,  PMID:29109393  ,  PMID:25060187 
 
 Qualifications 
 Applicants must have a PhDor MD(orequivalent)withtraininginone of these disciplines: 
 
 Computational biology, bioinformatics, computer science, data science, statistics, computer/electrical engineering, physics, or other related fields. 
 
 Applicants should have someor allof the following skills and experience: 
 
 Work well in team environments, havestrong communication/organization skillsandisdetail-oriented 
 Highlymotivatedindividualwhothink independently but also enjoy working in a dynamic, collaborative, multidisciplinary team 
 Strong programming experience (R, Python,Matlab, Java, C/C++, Perl or other languages for research) 
 Experience with cancer genome data analysis is considered a strong asset 
 A background in cancer biology (especiallyin prostate) is considered a strong asset. 
 Experience with analyzing sequencing data is considered a strong asset 
 Experience with high performance computing environments and cloud computing environments is a plus 
 Applicantsmusthave a demonstrated publication track record 
 
 Candidateswith stronginterestand/orexpertisein any of these research areasare highly encouraged to apply: 
 
 Cancergenomics, liquid biopsies,tumor evolution/heterogeneity 
 Application ofstatistical modeling, algorithm design,machine learningto study cancer and genetics 
 Analysis of large, complexgenome, epigenome,andtranscriptomedata 
 
 To apply, please submit yourapplication with the following: 
 
 A several paragraph statement of research interests 
 CV 
 Names and email addresses of three references 
 Two representative publications or preprints(if available) 
 
 A  statement  describing your commitment and contributions toward greater diversity, equity, inclusion, and anti-racism in your career or that will be made through work at Fred Hutch is requested of all finalists. 
 Our Commitment to Diversity 
 We are proud to be an Equal Employment Opportunity (EEO) and Vietnam Era Veterans Readjustment Assistance Act (VEVRAA) Employer. We are committed to cultivating a workplace in which diverse perspectives and experiences are welcomed and respected. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, color, religion, creed, ancestry, national origin, sex, age, disability (physical or mental), marital or veteran status, genetic information, sexual orientation, gender identity, political ideology, or membership in any other legally protected class. We are an Affirmative Action employer. We encourage individuals with diverse backgrounds to apply and desire priority referrals of protected veterans. If due to a disability you need assistance/and or a reasonable accommodation during the application or recruiting process, please send a request to our Employee Services Center at hrops@fredhutch.org or by calling 206-667-4700. 
 Not ready to apply?  Connect with us  for general consideration. 
 Application FAQs 
 Software Powered by iCIMS 
 www.icims.com 
 
 
 Internal Number: 18174 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About  Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center 
 At Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center, teams of world-renowned scientists and humanitarians work together to prevent, diagnose and treat cancer, HIV/AIDS and other diseases. Researchers are discovering new ways to detect cancers earlier, improve treatments, and learn how to prevent cancers from growing. Although Fred Hutchinson opened its doors in 1975, its history began about 20 years before that. In 1962 Fred Hutchinson envisioned a center devoted to studying cancer, a disease that took his brother’s life. Today Fred Hutchinson is contributing to the next waves of breakthrough treatments and prevention strategies. Fred Hutchinson collaborates with the Seattle Cancer Alliance, the National Cancer Institute, and the University of Washington. 
 Connections working at  Fred Hutchinson Cancer Research Center 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
