
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Senior Mechanical Designers and Mechanical Design Engineers 
 Brookhaven National Laboratory 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Senior Mechanical Designers and Mechanical Design Engineers 
 Brookhaven National Laboratory 
 [](mailto:?subject=Senior%20Mechanical%20Designers%20and%20Mechanical%20Design%20Engineers&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/13905413/senior-mechanical-designers-and-mechanical-design-engineers/ "Email")  
 Application 
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 September 17, 2020 
 Location: 
 Upton, New York 
 __ Show Map 
 Salary: 
 Open 
 Type: 
 Full-time 
 Why Work at BNL? 
Brookhaven National Laboratory (www.bnl.gov) delivers discovery science and transformative technology to power and secure the nation's future. Brookhaven Lab is a multidisciplinary laboratory with seven Nobel Prize-winning discoveries, 37 R&D; 100 Awards, and more than 70 years of pioneering research. The Lab is primarily supported by the U.S. Department of Energy's (DOE) Office of Science. Brookhaven Science Associates (BSA) operates and manages the Laboratory for DOE. BSA is a partnership between Battelle and The Research Foundation for the State University of New York on behalf of Stony Brook University. 
 Organizational Overview 
 Brookhaven National Laboratory was recently chosen as the building site for the Electron-Ion Collider (EIC), a one-of-a-kind nuclear physics research facility. The EIC will be a discovery machine for unlocking the secrets of the "glue" that binds the building blocks of visible matter in the universe. The machine design is based on the existing and highly optimized RHIC Ion-Ion collider. It will consist of two intersecting accelerators, one producing an intense beam of electrons, the other a beam of protons or heavier atomic nuclei which are steered into collisions. Beyond sparking scientific discoveries in a new frontier of fundamental physics, the Electron-Ion Collider will trigger technological breakthroughs that have broad-ranging impact on human health and national challenges. **** 
 Position Description 
 BNL's new EIC division has immediate openings for Senior Mechanical Designers and Mechanical Design Engineers to join our growing Design and Documentation Group. Under the technical direction of the group leader and other engineers/scientists, you will play a key role in designing the equipment to be used in our new accelerator. This equipment includes magnets, power supplies, RF systems, vacuum equipment, accurately positioned support structures, remote drive systems, lifting fixtures, and civil facilities including building layouts and water/air cooling systems. The assignments you will work on will usually be on a project basis, which will require a high degree of initiative and judgement to plan, coordinate, and perform your design efforts. 
 Join the BNL EIC team and be part of building the next discovery machine for science! 
 Essential Duties and Responsibilities: 
 
 Develop component and equipment designs using 3D modeling and design software 
 Support design and safety reviews 
 Prepare and document fabrication drawings 
 Support fabrication, assembly, testing, installation and commissioning 
 Collaborate with scientists, engineers and other technical staff 
 Independently plan, coordinate and execute assignments 
 May direct and coordinate the work efforts of other drafting support personnel assigned to a specific project 
 
 (Selected candidates will be placed at the appropriate level based on their experience.) 
 Position Requirements 
 Required Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: 
 
 Technical institute or associate degree in a related engineering field or equivalency, and at least six (6) years' relevant design/drafting experience 
 Proficiency using PTC Creo, Autodesk Inventor, and/or Solid Works 3D CAD software designing mechanical components and systems for fabrication 
 Knowledge of material properties, manufacturing/machine shop processes, welding, hardware & component choice, manufacturing, installation, and dimensioning and tolerances 
 Demonstrated ability to create accurate and detailed 3D system models and designs and then use them to generate mechanical manufacturing drawings to ANSI Y14.5 standards 
 Ability to perform mechanical design functions independently with general direction and review by a mechanical engineer or scientist 
 Good technical communication skills for close collaboration with engineers (e.g. reporting changes and modifications) and technical staff who install and maintain equipment 
 
 Preferred Knowledge, Skills, and Abilities: 
 
 Bachelor's Degree in Mechanical Engineering or Engineering Technology 
 Ability to review and check the 3D models and fabrication drawings of other design group staff 
 Experience with custom scientific equipment including magnet design, vacuum chambers & components, high current and high voltage equipment, water cooling, and/or cryogenic components 
 Proficient in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel and Outlook) 
 Excellent interpersonal and time management skills 
 
 Environmental, Health & Safety Requirements: 
 
 Will be required to become a qualified Radiation Worker 
 May be required to climb ladders for equipment inspection 
 May be required to occasionally work off-hours, nights, or weekends to support mission critical projects 
 
 OTHER INFORMATION: 
 
 ****Valid driver's license 
 Selected candidates will be placed at the appropriate level based on their experience 
 BNL cannot sponsor US work authorization/visa for this position 
 
 At Brookhaven National Laboratory we believe that a comprehensive employee benefits program is an important and meaningful part of the compensation employees receive. Our benefits program includes, but is not limited to: 
 
 Medical Plans 
 Dental Plans 
 Vacation 
 Holidays 
 Life Insurance 
 401(k) Plan 
 Retirement Plan 
 Paid Parental Leave 
 Swimming Pool, Weight Room, Tennis Courts, and many other employee perks and benefits 
 
 Brookhaven National Laboratory (BNL) is an equal opportunity employer that values inclusion and diversity at our Lab. We are committed to ensuring that all qualified applicants receive consideration for employment and will not be discriminated against on the basis of race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, age, status as a veteran, disability or any other federal, state or local protected class. 
 BNL takes affirmative action in support of its policy and to advance in employment individuals who are minorities, women, protected veterans, and individuals with disabilities. We ensure that individuals with disabilities are provided reasonable accommodation to participate in the job application or interview process, to perform essential job functions, and to receive other benefits and privileges of employment. Please contact us to request accommodation. 
 *VEVRAA Federal Contractor 
 
 
 Internal Number: 2324 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About Brookhaven National Laboratory 
 Brookhaven National Laboratory is a multipurpose research institution funded primarily by the U.S. Department of Energy’s Office of Science. Located on the center of Long Island, New York, Brookhaven Lab brings world-class facilities and expertise to the most exciting and important questions in basic and applied science—from the birth of our universe to the sustainable energy technology of tomorrow. We operate cutting-edge large-scale facilities for studies in physics, chemistry, biology, medicine, applied science, and a wide range of advanced technologies. The Laboratory's almost 3,000 scientists, engineers, and support staff are joined each year by more than 4,000 visiting researchers from around the world. Our award-winning history, including seven Nobel Prizes, stretches back to 1947, and we continue to unravel mysteries from the nanoscale to the cosmic scale, and everything in between. Brookhaven is operated and managed by Brookhaven Science Associates, which was founded by the Research Foundation for the State University of New York on behalf of Stony Brook University, and Battelle, a nonprofit applied science and technology organization. 
 Connections working at Brookhaven National Laboratory 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 More Jobs Like This 
 
 
 
 Transmission Engineer III or Senior 
 __  Moore, Oklahoma 
 
 
 
 
 WFEC 
 __3 Days Ago 
 
 
 Senior Full Stack Java Developer, Wholesale Payments Tech, Associate 
 __  Singapore, Singapore 
 
 
 J.P.Morgan 
 __2 Days Ago 
 
 
 Transmission Engineer III or Senior 
 __  Moore, Oklahoma 
 
 
 WFEC 
 __3 Days Ago 
 
 
 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
