Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Area Inspector (Safety Inspector) 
 Province of Nova Scotia 
 __Antigonish, NS 
 Apply Now 
 Competition # :  27967 
 Department:  Transportation & Infrastructure Renewal 
 Location:  ANTIGONISH 
 Zone:  7, 8, and 9 
 Type of Employment:  Year Round 
 Union Status:  CUPE - NSPG 
 Closing Date:  12/11/2020 
 Under Article 13 of the Collective Agreement between the Nova Scotia Department of Transportation and Infrastructure Renewal and the Canadian Union of Public Employees, Local 1867, the following opportunity is being posted. 
 Please quote the competition number and the Zone you are applying for as noted above on your application. 
 About Us 
 Maintaining our Provincial built infrastructure is no small job. We’re recruiting for people like you to help our Province achieve big things. 
 The Department of Transportation and Infrastructure Renewal supports Nova Scotia’s 23,000 kilometers of roads and highways, 4,100 bridges, and 9 provincial ferries. There are a lot of exciting developments on the horizon in our Province, and this is your opportunity to get involved with supporting health, safety and environment issues in regards to maintenance and construction activities throughout your assigned construction area. 
 Primary Accountabilities 
 As the Area Inspector (Safety Inspector), you will assist the manager, supervisors and employees in health, safety and environment issues and provide support to the Health Safety and Environment (HSE) Division. 
 You will attend JOHSE meetings and participate in tool box talks; assisting with action items. You will also be responsible for coordinating and delivering HSE training, coordinating new employee HSE orientation, organizing safety files, tracking bi-weekly safety reports, scheduling and updating training records, compiling/presenting safety stats, investigating incidents, and making recommendations for follow-up action. 
 As the Safety Inspector, you are key in the promotion of the Internal Responsibility System (IRS) and supporting staff and management in the successful implementation of this principle in workplace practices. You will assist in the promotion of key departmental HSE programs and policies including Respiratory, Hearing, Lead, and Radon (Radiation) Protection; Housekeeping; Asbestos Management; Liquid Asphalt; Emergency Preparedness and Response; and Environmental Management. You will also co-ordinate and assist in building inspections, site inspections, and hazard assessments. 
 You will further assist management and staff to develop effective cooperative relationships with public and private sector clients and partners to maintain safe, healthy and environmentally compliant workplaces. 
 Qualifications and Experience 
 You have five (5) years of experience in construction, industry, manufacturing, or the transportation sector; an equivalent combination of training and experience may be considered. 
 You must have knowledge and experience in safety, gained through previous work participation in OHS committees, and/or training such as: supervisor roles and responsibility, incident investigation, hazard identification, loss control, safety climate, risk management, and environmental management and sustainability. You are knowledgeable of the OHS Act, Environment Act and their respective regulations. 
 Familiarity and competency in Microsoft Office Suite (Word, Excel spreadsheets, PowerPoint) and data entry with computerized databases is required. 
 You must be certified in Temporary Workplace Signing, Emergency or Standard First Aid, and WHMIS. 
 A valid driver’s license and a good driving record is a requirement. Candidates are asked to please include a current Driver’s Abstract with their application. 
 Experience delivering training courses to adult learners, conducting HSE audits or performing audit functions, and experience with building maintenance and/or highway construction and maintenance are considered assets. 
 You have the ability to multi-task, organize and take a proactive approach to planning and execution, as well as maintain a high level of confidentiality, professional tact, and judgment. 
 Benefits 
 Based on the employment status and Union agreement, the Government of Nova Scotia offers its employees a wide range of benefits such as Health, Dental, Life Insurance, Pension, General Illness (Short and Long Term), Vacation and Employee and Family Assistance Programs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
