v 
 
 
 
 Cannabis Jobs 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Cannabis Careers 
 
 
 Cannabis Consulting 
 
 
 Services 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 Cannabis Jobs 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Cannabis Careers 
 
 
 Cannabis Consulting 
 
 
 Services 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 Cannabis Careers 
 Work in Cannabis aligns with industry leaders providing candidates multiple career opportunities and a place for employers to find great talent. 
 Social Equity Applicant Job - Dispensary Agent Level I 
 Full-Time - Chicago, IL 
 POSTED: 03.01.2020 
 APPLY NOW 
 Job Description 
 We are seeking a Dispensary Agent who has been adversely impacted by the enforcement of cannabis-related laws in Illinois. This includes those who currently reside in disproportionately impacted areas* as well as those who have been arrested for, convicted of, or adjudicated delinquent for any offense that is eligible for expungement under the Cannabis Regulation and Tax Act**. Members of an impacted family may apply as well***. 
 The Dispensary Agent facilitates day-to-day operations of the dispensary, collaborating with department managers (Security, Sales, Patient Services, Inventory) and affecting all strategies and tasks related to facilities, accounting, sales and marketing, and public relations. The right candidate demonstrates proficiency, organization, calmness, and attention to detail in a fast-paced retail environment, is resourceful and able to work both independently and with a team, and prioritizes quality and customer service. 
 The law defines the following terms as such: 
 * “disproportionately impacted areas” means a census tract or comparable geographic area that: 
 (1) meets at least one of the following criteria: 
 (A) the area has a poverty rate of at least 20% according to the latest federal decennial census; or 
 (B) 75% or more of the children in the area participate in the federal free lunch program according to reported statistics from the State Board of Education; or 
 (C) at least 20% of the households in the area receive assistance under the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program; or 
 (D) the area has an average unemployment rate, as determined by the Illinois Department of Employment Security, that is more than 120% of the national unemployment average, as determined by the United States Department of Labor, for a period of at least 2 consecutive calendar years preceding the date of the application; and 
 (2) has high rates of arrest, conviction, and incarceration related to the sale, possession, use, cultivation, manufacture, or transport of cannabis. 
 ** “Offenses eligible for expungement under the Cannabis Regulation and Tax Act” include possession of cannabis up to 500g or the manufacturing and delivery of up to 30g of cannabis. 
 *** “Member of an impacted family” means an individual who has a parent, legal guardian, child, spouse, or dependent, or was a dependent of an individual who, prior to the effective date of the Act, was arrested for, convicted of, or adjudicated delinquent for any offense that is eligible for expungement under this Act. 
 Education/Experience 
 Qualified dispensary agents possess a combination of retail experience and at least a high school diploma to fulfill the day-to-day requirements of the position. Experience in the medical cannabis industry is highly desirable, but not required. Must be 21 years old and be able to pass a criminal background check. 
 How to Apply 
 For consideration, please click the "apply now" button to upload a resume, cover letter and fill out necessary personal information. 
 Job Categories: Dispensaries 
 Job Types: Full-Time. 
 Salary: Apply for Salary Details 
 ABOUT THE JOB 
 DETAILS 
 
 Deliver quality customer experiences. 
 Operate with integrity and honesty. 
 Communicate known issues to the store management team to ensure a smooth flow of operations within the company. 
 Solicits feedback to understand customer needs and the needs of the community. 
 Educate members to ensure all patients are receiving the correct medication that will best help their illness and/or condition. 
 Provide new members with a facility tour as well a full description of all medicine options offered. 
 Responsible for ensuring the cleanliness of all staging areas. 
 Interacting with members on-site as well as over the phone, collecting feedback on the goods and services provided by the dispensary. 
 Completing side tasks and medicine processing projects 
 
 REQUIRED SKILLS 
 
 At least 21 years of age. 
 High school diploma or GED. 
 Demonstrated passion for serving the medical cannabis community. 
 Ability to work within a team and without. 
 Excellent communication and customer service skills, oral and written. 
 Basic understanding of accounting principles and math skills. 
 Computer operating skills 
 Must be able to pass a background check. 
 Must not have been convicted of any felony offense. 
 Medical marijuana product knowledge: effects, genetics, and intake methods. 
 Retail experience (2 years) 
 Experience in a complex, fast-paced environment. 
 Knowledge of retail operations 
 Organization and planning skills 
 Strong operational skills in a customer-service environment. 
 Ability to build relationships 
 Ability to handle confidential and sensitive information. 
 Basic weights and measurement skills, ability to operate a scale. 
 
 APPLY NOW 
 Drop us a line! 
 Get in touch with us! 
 Please Fill Out The Application Below 
 Your Name (required) 
 Your Email (required) 
 About / Position 
 Upload Resume 
 Message 
 Please leave this field empty. 
 Time limit is exhausted. Please reload CAPTCHA. 6  +  two  = 
 __ 
 Cannabis is our passion! 
 Powered by  Quantum 9 
 Fill Out Application 
 Please Fill Out The Application Below 
 Your Name (required) 
 Your Email (required) 
 Position 
 Upload Resume 
 Cover Letter 
 Please leave this field empty. 
 Time limit is exhausted. Please reload CAPTCHA.  ×  seven  =  fourteen 
 × 
