[ 
 Workew 
 Workew is the #1 board to find remote jobs, careers and other remote work opportunities to become digital nomad, work from anywhere and travel the world. 
 ](https://workew.com/ "Workew") Close Search for: Search 
 
 Remote Jobs 
 
 Marketing 
 Developer 
 Operations 
 Designer & UX 
 Customer Service 
 Project Mgmt 
 Sales & Biz Dev 
 Writing & Editing 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Other WFH Jobs 
 
 
 Remote Work Course 
 My account 
 
 Shopping Cart 
 
 
 More
 
 Facebook Group 
 Telegram Alerts 
 Pricing & Plans 
 Remote Health 
 Contact Us 
 Blog Posts 
 
 
 Post a Job 
 Post a Resume 
  __Facebook 
 
 Menu 
 Sales Strategy Lead 
 
 
 Sales 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 Posted September 22 
 Applications have closed 
 Dropbox 
 
 Overview 
 Thank you for your interest in Dropbox careers. We are actively hiring for this position and look forward to reviewing your application. Dropbox is continuing to monitor the COVID-19 pandemic as the health and safety of our community, employees and candidates remain our number one priority. We appreciate your flexibility as we adapt our hiring processes during this evolving situation. 
 Dropbox is the world’s first smart workspace that helps people and teams focus on the work that matters. With more than 600 million registered users across 180 countries, we’re on a mission to design a more enlightened way of working. Dropbox is headquartered in San Francisco, CA, and has 12 offices around the world. 
 Team Description 
 Our Business Strategy & Operations team sets and drives key business initiatives across the company. We complement and support product, engineering, sales, and marketing teams across three critical areas: corporate and business unit strategy, business planning and sales operations, and business systems and tools development. 
 Role Description 
 This role is located in Austin, TX with eligibility to be remote at the following locations: 
Mountain View, CA 
San Francisco, CA 
Seattle, WA 
Distributed - US 
 We’re looking for a Sales Strategy and Operations professional to serve as a key adviser to our Global Head of Channel Sales. As a strategic advisor of data and insights, you will play a critical role in helping to run one of Dropbox’s newest and fastest growing businesses. 
 You are a self-starter and independent thinker with exceptional analytical skills, capable of handling highly sensitive and confidential information while supporting a rapidly changing organization. You do not shy away from rolling up your sleeves, slicing and dicing massive sets of information, and creating solutions to problems that have not been tackled yet. You recognize where processes can be improved, and take the initiative to improve them. 
 But you don’t just live in the weeds - you’re comfortable interacting across the organization at all levels, including senior leaders in sales, finance, marketing and people operations. You’re a great teammate, and relish collaborating with your Sales Strategy and Operations colleagues across the globe. 
 While you thrive in ambiguity, you’re highly organized, detail-oriented and love structuring out problems to keep everyone on track. 
 Responsibilities 
 
 Conduct in-depth analysis of the Channel Sales business and develop a deep understanding of key value drivers to identify growth opportunities 
 Synthesize key insights into executive-level presentations for key stakeholders (Global Head of Channel Sales, Chief Sales Officers, and Chief Operating Officer); resulting in decisions that accelerate productivity across the field to achieve overall company objectives 
 Develop scorecards that can be leveraged by the executive team to instrument, optimize, and scale the business for accelerated growth 
 Lead high priority global initiatives including annual strategic planning, book of business construction, goal setting, and market segmentation 
 Drive fiscal planning and execution, including recommending organizational structure, financial goal setting, quota setting, and market segmentation 
 
 Requirements 
 
 5 to 8 years of work experience; with background in management consulting, finance, or sales strategy and operations roles strongly preferred 
 Deep interest and skill in quantitative analytics and financial modeling, drawing insight from complex data, and translating that into concrete action - SQL and Tableau experience is a strong plus 
 Demonstrated ability to structure complex problems and drive solutions cross-functionally 
 Experience communicating with senior management 
 “Building” mentality - a strong desire to take the initiative; you thrive on change and are comfortable with ambiguity 
 Interest in potentially growing into a leadership role is a plus 
 Bachelors degree required 
 
 Benefits and Perks 
 
 100% company paid individual medical, dental, & vision insurance coverage 
 401k + company match 
 Market competitive total compensation package 
 Free Dropbox space for your friends and family 
 Wellness Reimbursement 
 Generous vacation policy 
 10 company paid holidays 
 Volunteer time off 
 Company sponsored tech talks (technology and other relevant professional topics) 
 
 Dropbox is an equal opportunity employer. We are a welcoming place for everyone, and we do our best to make sure all people feel supported and connected at work. A big part of that effort is our support for members and allies of internal groups like Asians at Dropbox, BlackDropboxers, Latinx, Pridebox (LGBTQ), Vets at Dropbox, Women at Dropbox, ATX Diversity (based in Austin, Texas) and the Dropbox Empowerment Network (based in Dublin, Ireland). 
 
 Bookmark Job 
 
 Job Page Views:  161 
 Sales 
 
  Website  
  Twitter  
  Facebook  
  LinkedIn  
 
 Full Time 
 More Jobs 
 Position closed? 
 Let us know . 
 Share this job: 
 
  Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Join the Remote Slack Community: 
 
 Signup today for free!  🚀 
 Related Jobs 
 
 
 
 Email Developer 
 Animoto  Video making, made easy 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 * Marketing
* October 29
 
 
 
 
 Product Design Lead 
 Quora  A place to share knowledge and better understand the world 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 * Designer
* December 25
 
 
 
 
 Chief Accounting Officer 
 Lime  We offer electric scooter and bike rentals in over 100 countries around the world 
 Anywhere 🌎 
 * Others
* November 25
 
 Find Your Dream Job 
 Recruiters looking for remote talent can find your resume based on keywords, job titles, skills and more. 
 Post a resume today 
 WORKEW © 2020 
 Facebook   Twitter   LinkedIn   Instagram   YouTube 
 Back to Top 
 Nomad Insurance by SafetyWing : The best travel medical insurance for freelancers & remote workers Get Insured 
