Skip to content 
 
 MY BLANK PAGE 
 Script Magazine's pick for "Website of the Week" 
 Menu 
 
 About Scriptcat 
 Filmography 
 My Movie Trivia 
 PRESS & BUZZ 
 PRIVACY POLICY & TERMS OF USE 
 QUOTE FOR TODAY 
 Script Consultation - Submission Agreement 
 WEBINARS 
 WORKSHOPS 
 
 Category: screenwriting career 
 Scriptcat's survival tips for your screenwriting journey… 
 January 16, 2021  ~  Scriptcat  ~  Leave a comment 
 If you’re a regular reader of this blog, first of all—THANK YOU! I truly hope you're busy creating and forging ahead on your screenwriting journey and you've been able to take away a few nuggets of advice that helped. As you may know, I’ve been adding short posts (  nothing is EVER short on this blog!  ) and sharing various survival tips. I do speak about these in the various articles on this blog, but this new feature will be a quick reference to glance over and consider as you navigate your screenwriting journey. So, in addition to my tips on Twitter ( @scriptcat) , I’ll be posting new tips here from time to time. Thanks for reading and as always: Carry on, keep the faith and keep screenwriting! 
 Okay, three more survival tips that will help you on your screenwriting adventure… 
 TIP #1 
 Do yourself a favor early on your screenwriting journey: Always work from a solid step outline or story treatment before you start pages. Trust me, you will be training yourself for the future. Treatments, beat sheets and step outlines are an important process that prepare you to write the script.  If you’re getting paid as a professional writer for a script assignment, it’s standard practice the producer or executive will require you in the contract to create one of these structured documents before they’ll allow you to start the script.  Only a fool leaves on a journey without the proper road map, supplies and a clear vision of the destination. The same goes for your screenplay. I've read so many scripts that run of steam in that barren wasteland of ACT TWO and the writer has no clue how to get the characters across those fifty or so pages. Writing an extensive  treatment  is similar to doing a pre-draft of your script.  It gives you the chance to explore your story and get to know your characters before you set out on a journey of a hundred pages with them.  If you embrace the treatment process and craft a solid framework for your story, it will help serve as your road map to a successful  first draft . 
 TIP #2 
 Be willing to make the time necessary to create a viable body of work.  Practice  patience , Grasshopper. We all want overnight success with the least amount of effort, right?  You read or hear about a first time writer selling a script for a million dollars? You think a screenwriting career is as easy as falling out of bed in the morning into a three-picture deal? Wrong. It usually takes years of rejection and learning while you toil away writing at a half-dozen screenplays to achieve any level of success as a working screenwriter—or maybe never. You’ll need time to fail, be rejected and write bad screenplays so you can get on to doing your best work. You need to think of your career as your life’s journey and continually learn, study, and work at becoming a better screenwriter. You want to become a master of your craft at the top of your game.  When you consider that only 4,510 Writers Guild Members reported any income last year and half of the guild did not work, you’ll need to be screenwriting at the highest levels necessary to compete in a very competitive and crowded marketplace. 
 TIP #3 
 Image is everything! As you travel on your screenwriting journey, the image that you project is extremely important and you should keep up an image of success. You do this by being busy and creating a solid body of material to show prospective agents, managers, producers and executives that you are a work horse with something to offer. Never give them a chance to think of you as a diva who believes he or she is God’s gift to cinema. It’s the team player and collaborator who always works again. The pain in the ass gets branded as “difficult” and wonders why the work has dried up. 
 Keep screenwriting and filling your blank pages. 
 Scriptcat out! 
 Copyright 2021 by Mark Sanderson. All rights reserved on My Blank Page blog. 
 Subscribe to my  YOUTUBE CHANNEL  for weekly screenwriting videos on survival in the trenches. 
 Did you just finish your latest screenplay and need in-depth consultation/proofing/analysis? Check out my consultation services with the link below to my website. I look forward to helping you push your script closer to the best possible release draft.   
  https://fiveoclockblue.net/ 
 “  You must write every single day of your life… You must lurk in libraries and climb the stacks like ladders to sniff books like perfumes and wear books like hats upon your crazy heads… may you be in love every day for the next 20,000 days. And out of that love, remake a world.”  —Ray Bradbury 
 _" One of the things that young writers falsely hope exists is inspiration. A lot of young writers fail because they aren’t putting in the hours. Whether you can write all day every day, or whether you can write four hours on Sundays, whatever it is, you have to protect that time."_—William Goldman 
 " Ultimately, we all have to decide for ourselves what constitutes failure. But the world is quite eager to give you a set of criteria if you let it. [F]ailure means a stripping away of the inessential. I stopped pretending to myself to be anything other than what I was, and began to direct all my energy into finishing the only work that mattered to me. Had I really succeeded at anything else, I might never have found the determination to succeed in the one arena where I believe I truly belonged. [R]ock bottom became the solid foundation on which I built my life.”  ~ J.K. Rowling 
 _" Everyone holds his fortune in his own hands, like a sculptor the raw material he will fashion into a figure. But it's the same with that type of artistic activity as with all others: We are merely born with the capacity to do it. The skill to mold the material into what we want must be learned and attentively cultivated."_—Johann Wolfgang Von Goethe 
 Rate this: 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Email 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Scriptcat's end of the year checklist for screenwriters… 
 December 23, 2020  ~  Scriptcat  ~  2 Comments 
 Who can believe the year is almost over? The pandemic has changed everything and working in Hollywood now has even more challenges. It's always a powerful tool to look back over the previous year and critically analyze the good, the bad, and the ugly choices you've made about your screenwriting. Hopefully, you've learned from your failures and enjoyed your successes. Excuses abound, but what really matters is how productive have you been? Room for improvement? Have you become a better screenwriter and have you been able to move yourself and your projects down the field? Have you opened doors and gained new "fans" of your writing? Have you been able to gain and hold new ground? Established new relationships and contacts? Created a solid body of material in a  genre  to show your unique voice? 
 The responsibility for a screenwriter’s career begins and ends with the screenwriter. The hard fact:  Your screenwriting career is probably the most important struggle to you and not to anyone else. Only you know the hard work and sacrifices you’ve endured to go after your dream, so you need to protect your career path by taking responsibility for chartering the course of your career. Your time is precious and you need to constantly be moving forward and avoid the pitfalls of poor choices and negative experiences. 
 Too many times, I’ve heard screenwriters blame others for their own missteps or lack of success in Hollywood. Some writers look for the quick and easy way to success, but end up frustrated when their one script doesn’t sell, they have no other plans and they are not working on new material. Sure, it's easier to soften the blow to blame the agent, manager, producer, or Hollywood itself for not getting your film made, but screenwriters need to step up and take more control over their choices. 
 Every time you write a new  project on spec,  you must consider how it fits into the bigger picture of your screenwriting goals. It's a risk when you write a spec and you are rolling the dice with your  precious time . Did you just have a "fun idea" for a movie and thought it would sell, so you decided to spend months writing it? This is not an effective use of your time. If it's your passion project and you must write it—do it and hopefully you've executed it properly and your passion will be there on the page. 
 
 Always have a purpose in choosing your material. REMEMBER:  What  you write about is as important as  how  you execute it — and just because you write it doesn't mean they have to buy it or will " love it ." You'll only figure this out after you meander through four or five scripts that don't achieve the plateaus you had expected or do not sell. You'll be forced to take a step back and examine your reasoning for embarking on the journey with each project. If you've been successfully making noise with a particular genre, continue to establish yourself as an expert in that genre. When you secure a writing gig, you'll have steady work because you'll be known for a genre. There is nothing wrong with being pigeonholed as a screenwriter. It means you'll work and build up your résumé in a genre that you hopefully enjoy writing. 
 
 Trust me, bouncing around for years with different scripts in different genres hoping that something sticks is a fool's endeavor. I've been there.  When something eventually hits and is a success, the producers will want more of the same from you in the way of screenwriting assignments—the bread and butter or working screenwriters. There is no shame in steady work in a particular genre. I find sometimes aspirants believe they'll hold out and will only go with a script that is "their vision" and somehow it's "selling out" to take a job offered writing something that maybe isn't their favorite choice of material—but it's a foot in the door. A writer with zero credits is still a writer without any produced films. 
 If you haven't figured it out yet, the odds are already stacked against you and time marches on so quickly. Only 6,323WGA members reported any income last year and of those, 5,118 were in Television (annual report ending in July 2020) out of nearly 13,000 members. Check out the  2020 ANNUAL REPORT FROM THE WGA . Think about those odds for a moment and then get back to work. And if you add the non-union screenwriters working… it can boggle the mind with more stats and there are no stats for non-union screenwriters working or not working. The main issue is that you must stay busy creating projects, networking, building your unique voice, and casting your best scripts wide to the right players. 
 
 So, it's never too late, even though the year is nearly over, to grab a piece of paper and if you haven't yet, set up a game plan for 2021. Hit the ground running and achieve your goals every day of the week. Treat your screenwriting like a business—because it's YOU, INC. and every decision you make affects your pathway to success. Ask yourself the hard questions: "Why are you writing this particular  spec  and will it serve you in the best way possible to create opportunities and open doors?" 
 Here are seven steps in my checklist to prepare for the new year: 
 
 
 SCREENPLAYS! Make a list of all viable projects. Completed scripts and what condition they are in: ready to be read, needs a rewrite, needs a polish, only a first draft, etc. Add to the list any fleshed out pitches, log lines, one sheets, beat sheets or treatments. This is important if you cross paths with an agent or manager. They want to see you busy and prolific on your own. What do you have to offer? Do you have script only and nothing as a follow-up? You'll need a solid body of work to standout and it will take time to craft these projects. It's dangerous to be impatient and go out with a screenplay without having another solid project to back it up. 
 
 
 ACHIEVEMENTS! Make a list of your achievements in 2020. Scrutinize the successes and failures so you can see where you need to pick up the slack in areas where you need to focus in the new year. List any accolades—did you win or place in a significant screenwriting competition? Did you option or sell a screenplay? Did you graduate from film school? Did you make any films, short movies, or a webseries on your own? Did you work on a production or take an internship? List anything that shows you are working toward to your goals. 
 
 
 SOLID CONTACTS! Make a list of any new contacts that you met by networking during the year. In January, make sure to send them a "First of the year—hope this finds you well—this is what I'm doing" e-mail. It will put you back on their radar and if you list a few interesting projects, they might bite and ask for a read. Also, instead of always asking for help, BE a good contact too. It's not all one-sided. 
 
 
 DEADLINES!  Make a list of potential deadlines for any rewrites or new ideas. Keep true to these self-imposed deadline as if they were real screenwriting jobs. Do not deviate from the commitment for anyone or any external forces. Trust me, either on purpose or by mistake, people will try to derail your schedule and will think it's not that important because you're writing on spec. It is that important. It's vital training for the time when you finally do get a job on assignment and you'll know how to keep a deadline under any conditions. Find respected screenwriting contests that you may want to enter and use their entry dates as a goal and deadlines to finish your new material. 
 
 
 NETWORKING! If you haven't yet, start attending networking events in the new year. Become a member of the International Screenwriter's Association (  ISA  ) for workshops, webinars and in person events in your area. Join  Scriptwriter's Network  and they have seminars and meetups every month in Los Angeles. Network on  Stage32.com  and also  Final Draft  hosts meetups every month with known screenwriters and offers tips and many free networking events during the year. Get out of your writing cave and meet other screenwriters and network.  Help others and you will find they will help you. 
 
 
 READ, READ, READ! If you don't already, read scripts on a regular basis. Good scripts, bad scripts, classics—read! You'll be surprised how much you learn from reading screenplays. Be careful of the screenplays that are posted during award season. Do not try to emulate their style as most were written in a protected bubble of development and were not specs, so they can get away with many things regarding format that you cannot with a spec from an unknown writer.   “If you don 't have time to read, you don't have the time (or the tools) to write. Simple as that.”  —Stephen King. 
 
 
 HOMEWORK! If you don't already, read screenwriting blogs, books, articles and film websites with news about the film industry. You must do your  homework  on a daily basis and not expect your representation (  if you 're lucky to have an  agent or manager ) to do it for you. A lot of vital information slips through the cracks and information is priceless currency in Hollywood. It can mean the difference between getting in a door with a meeting that could land you the next job that launches your career. 
 
 
 A game plan helps you allocate your precious time wisely. It shows that you're your serious about your career and treating your screenwriting as a professional—not just willy-nilly writing a script and hoping it will sell on its own merits. It's rare that one script makes a career. It's always one script that opens the door, but you'll probably have to write five or six to get to that "ONE." The overnight success is usually a series of little successes along the way that lead up to continued success.  You have to consider how everything you do regarding your career fits into your bigger overall goals. 
 Your career aspirations can't live or die by one project and you can't focus on "the one" and hope it unlocks the gates of Hollywood. It's always going to be a numbers game with horrible odds of success. Even if you sell a screenplay, there are no guarantees and still so many hurdles to jump. The good news is—the more quality material you create, the better chance you have of garnering interest and that may lead to a sale or assignment work. It's always about the right project to the right producer at the right time. That's why you stay in the game by continuing to write and get better. Keep your eye on the big picture.  It's like what Bruce Lee said in  Enter the Dragon , "It's like a finger pointing a way to the moon. Do not concentrate on the finger or you will miss all of the heavenly glory!" 
 All my best wishes for a glorious and successful 20201 that is a blank slate for you to fill as you wish. Stay healthy, wash your hands, and stay six feet apart. 
 Scriptcat out! 
 Copyright © 2020 by Mark Sanderson. All Rights Reserved. My Blank Page blog. 
 Also check out my  YOUTUBE Channel  with weekly videos offering script tips. 
 Rate this: 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Email 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posts navigation 
 Older posts 
 DIG THE ARCHIVES 
 
 Pitching  (6) 
 Representation  (5) 
 screenwriting career  (21) 
 Screenwriting Survival Tactics 101  (211) 
 The Art & Craft of Screenwriting  (100) 
 The Biz  (182) 
 The Super 8 Diaries  (6) 
 Uncategorized  (18) 
 
 SEARCH MY BLANK PAGE 
 Search for: 
 
 SUBSCRIBE TO BLOG & NEWSLETTER BY E-MAIL 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by E-mail. I will never sell your address. 
 Join 523 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up, baby! 
 Social Media Links 
 
 View pages/MY-BLANK-PAGE/213497762037083's profile on Facebook 
 View scriptcat's profile on Twitter 
 View marksanderson_scriptcat's profile on Instagram 
 View scriptcat's profile on Pinterest 
 View UCTN_wvBLFeC3PnwG_6hxHZQ's profile on YouTube 
 View 104040716102109725413's profile on Google+ 
 
 GET ON THE LINKS 
 
 My Filmography 
 Deadline Hollywood 
 Five O'clock Blue Entertainment 
 My YouTube Channel 
 The Amazing Onionheads on Funny or Die 
 Popcorn Fiction 
 Composer James Verboort 
 Trailers from Hell 
 I will not read your f*cking script 
 Haywire 
 33 Days the Book 
 A Streetcar Named Design 
 The Longwell Files 
 The 5th Color 
 International Screenwriters Association 
 The Story Fanatic 
 The 99% 
 The Bitter Script Reader 
 My Screenplay Consultation Services 
 Mark Dark Story's Blog 
 The Single Screenwriter Blog 
 Script Magazine 
 The Story Department 
 Maximum Z Blog 
 Movie Outline 
 Creative Inside Out 
 Stage32.com 
 My Script Consultation Services Video 
 Cinephilia & Beyond 
 Christine Conradt - Screenwriter 
 ScreenCraft 
 The Screenwriting Spark 
 LA Screenwriter Blog 
 Writer Duet App 
 My book "A Screenwriter's Journey to Success" 
 Coffee Ring Cartoons Merchandise 
 
 Tweet Tweet Tweet 
 
 Need help navigating Hollywood’s trenches as you pursue a screenwriting career? Consider my book “A Screenwriter’…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   23 hours ago 
 #Screenwriting  survival tip for today...  #scriptcat   #screenplay   #screenwriter   #screenplays   #filmmaking   https://t.co/6KVpyRsRCg   23 hours ago 
 
 Follow @scriptcat 
 
 
 
 SCRIPT MAGAZINE 
 final draft   script writing   screenwriting software   screenwriting contests   filmmaking books 
 Start a Blog at WordPress.com . 
  MY BLANK PAGE  
 Start a Blog at WordPress.com . 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
