Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Inside Sales Representative 
 Big Hearts First Aid 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Big Hearts First Aid is growing and has an immediate need for a  Sales Associate (Inside Sales functions),  working  in office.  We sell certified first aid training to individuals and businesses. 
 The Role: 
 Our  Sales Associate  is the front line of our business and is directly responsible for the generation of new business through inbound and outbound channels while forging long term relationships. 
 What we offer: 
 
 Hourly rate + commission 
 
 YOUR Opportunity 
 
 Introduce and sell our services to current and future customers. 
 Conduct outbound calls to generate leads. 
 Complete the sales process while building strong customer relationships 
 Track and follow up with past business to establish long term relationships for future business. 
 
 Here’s what YOU bring 
 
 1-3 years of B2B/B2C sales experience, including experience outbound calling 
 Intermediate skills with MS Word and Excel are required. 
 Driven to seek new business and have a natural ability at building authentic customer relationships. 
 Post-secondary degree or diploma is considered an asset. 
 Additional languages are an asset, especially French or Spanish. 
 Strong presentation, strategic thinking, negotiation and closing skills. 
 Excellent time management skills and the ability to multi-task. 
 Strong work ethic without sacrificing your ability to have fun on the job. 
 
 Part-time hours: 16.5 per week 
 Job Types: Part-time, Commission, Casual 
 Salary: $15.00-$17.00 per hour 
 Additional pay: 
 
 Commission pay 
 
 Benefits: 
 
 On-site parking 
 
 Experience: 
 
 customer service: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
