Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 DeGroote School of Business - Communications and Outreach Office 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Schedule Mo - Fr 8:30 - 4:30 
Education Level Bachelor’s degree in Multimedia, Communications or related field 
Hourly Rate $24.56 - $34.59 
 Job Description 
 Department Summary 
DeGroote’s Student Experience team supports all students at the DeGroote School of Business – MBA, BCom, specialized graduate programs and PhD students. As an integrated team, we champion new ideas, collaborate across boundaries, and learn continually to deliver a consistent and inspiring student experience. Our school’s culture is captured by three values: Generosity, Innovation and Collaboration. Serving more than 500 MBA students located at the Ron Joyce Centre in Burlington, DeGroote offers full-time, co-op, accelerated and part-time MBA study options. As part of the MBA Academic team, the MBA Communications and Outreach Officer will support the recruitment of high-quality students, with an emphasis on student inquiries to our Accelerated Program (both part-time and full-time options). This role will support our recruitment efforts across all MBA Programs through the planning and implementation of virtual recruitment events (profiling current and past students). Working with our partners in Marketing and Community Engagement, his role will also help identify and create high impact communications that will be distributed across several platforms (CRM, social media, email campaigns). 
 Job Summary 
Responsible for developing and administering the social media and digital content presence for the Program. Work closely with the Program team to create, implement, track, and monitor the Program’s online communication strategy. Responsible for planning promotional events and developing promotional materials related to the recruitment of students and alumni outreach. Work closely with the Program team to provide high quality, meaningful opportunities for alumni to maintain positive relationships with the Program. 
 Accountabilities 
 
 Develop, coordinate, and implement a communication strategy and a work plan for the communication and promotion of the Program in order to project its distinctiveness and enhance its profile. 
 Develop promotional materials, both print and web-based, for prospective students. 
 Assist in the development of strategic plans and objectives, in consultation with the Program Director, to promote activities of the Program both internally and externally and to enhance alumni engagement. 
 Design, deliver, and maintain social media accounts and digital campaigns to achieve the Program’s outreach goals. 
 Update and maintain the infrastructure to support the communications strategy on an ongoing basis. 
 Evaluate the website and make necessary changes regarding graphic layout, content, usability, search engine optimization, and relevance. 
 Develop and maintain a comprehensive alumni database. 
 Ensure that all website content is uploaded to the site on a timely basis. 
 Work closely with Program Director to develop and implement appropriate guidelines related to social media and online digital presence, ensuring that all posts and activity support the Program’s vision and objectives. 
 Plan and coordinate a variety of promotional and alumni events and activities intended to promote the department 
 Represent the Program at various events including, but not limited to, information sessions and fairs. 
 Complete and monitor an annual alumni outreach plan. 
 Evaluate on-going programs, social media and digital platforms and provide recommendations for improvement to Program Director. 
 Photograph and record various events and collect signed consent forms for release. 
 Develop and maintain a photograph and video inventory. 
 Troubleshoot and resolve technical issues. Escalate complex technical issues. 
 Oversee the collection, storage, and accessibility of a variety forms and documents. 
 
 Qualifications 
 Education:  Bachelor’s degree in Multimedia, Communications or related field 
 Experience:  Requires 3 years of relevant experience 
 Working Conditions 
 Physical Environment: 
There are no adverse physical environment conditions inherent to the job. 
 Psychological Environment: 
Occasionally interacts with individuals who may be rude or upset. 
Frequently handles competing requests from multiple sources. 
 Health & Safety: 
Risk to the incumbent is no higher than for the general population. 
 Assets 
 
 The successful candidate will be a highly motivated self-starter, who demonstrates exceptional written and oral communications skills, organization, time management and attention to detail. 
 Experience recruiting for post-secondary programs and the ability to develop and deliver persuasive presentations is also required. Experience working with a graduate student audience would be considered an asset. Demonstrated skill developing recruitment events and communication tools, as well as a very good working knowledge of CRM systems and a broad range of social media platforms is required. 
 Exceptional interpersonal skills, professionalism, confidentiality and tact are key attributes of this position. The successful candidate must be comfortable speaking one-on-one or in larger groups, delivering difficult messages where necessary. 
 Strong technical skills, including Excel, Word, MS Teams and PowerPoint are required. 
 Some early morning or evening / weekend work may be required during the peak recruitment cycle. 
 
 How To Apply 
 Please apply on line for this position. Please include cover letter, resume and a short writing sample. 
 Thank you for your interest, however only those selected will be contacted. 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and within the lands protected by the “Dish With One Spoon” wampum agreement. 
 The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. 
 The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity and inclusion, who will contribute to the diversification of ideas and perspectives, and especially welcomes applications from indigenous (First Nations, Métis or Inuit) peoples, members of racialized communities, persons with disabilities, women, and persons who identify as 2SLGBTQ+. 
 As part of McMaster’s commitment, all applicants are invited to complete a confidential Applicant Diversity Survey through the online application submission process. The Survey questionnaire requests voluntary self-identification in relation to equity-seeking groups that have historically faced and continue to face barriers in employment. Please refer to the Applicant Diversity Survey - Statement of Collection for additional information. 
 Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact: 
 Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247), or 
Faculty of Health Sciences HR Office at ext. 22207, or 
School of Graduate Studies at ext. 23679 
 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
