Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 5 Ways to Write a Better Resume 
 Jose Sanchez    22nd September    Career   Leave a Comment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=5%20Ways%20to%20Write%20a%20Better%20Resume%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fyour-job%2Ftips-for-writing-a-better-resume%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 As the job market and jobs themselves are evolving, it’s important to remember that  resumes  evolve along with them. 
 While the resume has always played an important role, there are also new trends to which we must pay attention. 
 If you want to  write a resume  that will help you stand out, then incorporate these tips. 
 The most important thing to remember in writing your resume is that this  is the time of showing, not telling . 
 1. Social Resumes 
 If you are serious about  landing a job  now, then you'll have to realize that resumes are no longer static pieces of paper. 
 One of the most important changes recently is the  sociability  of resumes. Resumes are becoming  living entities  online.  Social media  means that the type of communication between hiring managers and prospective employees has also changed — it’s closer and more direct. 
 Prospective employees have the opportunity to interact with, and sometimes  befriend , hiring managers before applying for a position. Companies are increasingly likely to use social networks, and your social media accounts are now the true  first impression . 
 2. Twitter 
 The popularity of  Twitter  keeps growing astronomically. The good news is that you are probably already on it. Job seekers can harness the power of a  tweet  by explaining why they are an excellent candidate in 140 characters or less. 
 Fortunately, you have 160 characters to describe yourself in your  Twitter biography . Your Twitter biography section is the online version of your elevator pitch. If you find the task of condensing your qualifications daunting, then you just have to view this as an  opportunity . 
 It is your opportunity to figure out what really makes you different. Brands refer to this as their Unique Selling Proposition (USP). 
 Twitter is your chance to figure out your USP and develop your  personal brand . Once you've hooked your prospective employee with your amazing biography, then you need to link your website, resume or other professional networking site, i.e.  LinkedIn . 
 3. QR Codes 
 If you are applying for a technology related position, then  QR codes  might help you stand out. A QR code is that small, square, barcode-looking image that you’ve probably seen in publications, advertising and some product packaging. 
 It shows that are aware of technology trends and that you know how to use them too. 
 It's not mandatory, of course, but it can be a good way to add some coolness factor to your resume and make it  stand out  from the crowd. 
 Some tips for using QR codes on your resume: 
 
 Take into consideration the type of position and the “audience.” QR codes will be more accepted by  marketing -oriented employers. 
 Include your website’s URL in addition to the QR code. 
 Make sure that the website to which your QR code goes is fully accessible and mobile-friendly. 
 
 4. Infographics 
 A picture is worth 1000 words.  Infographics  are popping up everywhere online and on print. Candidates most likely applying for  visual  or  creative  positions can use the popularity of infographics to highlight their qualifications and  skills . 
 Since infographic resumes do not cover in-depth details (they tend to be more simplistic than the standard resume),  job seekers  can use them to supplement their resume. 
 In some cases, an infographic resume could catch the employer’s attention, but probably they will never replace the traditional text CV. 
 5. Other useful tips 
 
 
 Resumes should always be   targeted, specific and quantifiable . Make sure that  your resume  is not only  tailored to the position  that you are applying to, but it should also be  tailored to the company  that you are applying to. 
 
 
 Get specific.  Numbers, figures and percentages show what you can do. Quantifying your experience, where possible, also makes you  appear more professional . 
 
 
 References available now.  Show managers what others have to say about you by pulling your strongest third-party testimonials and put them at the very top of your resume. The easiest place to find testimonials is from  LinkedIn recommendations . 
 
 
 One or two page resumes? Depends . If you are making a resume that is tailored to that specific  job description  and company, then hiring managers can overlook the length. 
 
 
 Edit your resume when possible.  Hiring managers are  busy  and have limited time. 
 
 
 Make sure that your resume is readable on several devices.  Try reading it on a phone or tablet because it’s quite possible it will be reviewed on a mobile device. Readability with bullets, bold fonts and short paragraphs matter more than resume length. 
 
 
 -- 
 Was there anything we missed? What do you have to add? Include your tips for writing a  better resume  in our comments below. 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 hiring (21) 
 
 
 how to get a new job (3) 
 
 
 New Job (23) 
 
 
 resumes (16) 
 
 
 tips for writing a better resume (1) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Jose Sanchez  |  Website  |  Other Articles 
 Jose Sanchez has been a Resume Expert and Career Advisor since 1999. He also writes and shares guides, tips and news related to resume writing, job interview questions and cover letters. Follow him on  Twitter  and  Google Plus . 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     When It's Time to Go Home: The Pitfalls of Being a Workaholic  
  _ _     Where to Research for Your Salary Negotiation  
  _ _     How to Write a Cover Letter That Gets Noticed  
 
 Discussion 
 
 0 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 No Comments yet, be the first! 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
