  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Isle of Man 
 Rate:  £45 - £50 per hour + + Benefits 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Lead Nurse 
 Service Care Solutions are recruiting for a Band 8a Lead nurse for a role within the Isle of Man. 
 This is a full time 3 month contract with the look to extend. 
 To be considered for this role you MUST have management experience within a HMP service. 
 Role : Band 8a HMP Lead Nurse 
Location: Isle of Man 
Rate of pay £45.00 - £50.00 p/h (Via Umbrella) 
Job Type: Contract - Full time - 37.5 hrs per week 
 
 About our Site: 
 The prison is a male and female adult and young prisoners serving sentences from a few weeks to more than 10 years. 
 The Isle of Man Prison Service serves the public by keeping in custody those committed by the courts. 
 Their duty is to keep prisoners in custody, maintain order and control, treat prisoners with dignity, fairness and respect, and provide opportunities to help them lead law-abiding lives after release. 
 Prisoners will serve their complete sentences in this establishment, unless they request a transfer to their home country (in most cases the north-west of England) or if they are serving a life sentence, in which case they will be compulsorily transferred to a prison in England or Wales, determined by HM Prison Service authorities. 
 Flights / Ferry costs will be reimbursed by the Isle of Man Government. 
 THE IDEAL CANDIDATE: 
, NMC Registration 
, PRISON HEALTHCARE MANAGEMENT EXPERIENCE ESSENTIAL 
 This role requires the ability to work with vulnerable people in a caring and compassionate way. 
 A DBS check and relevant police/ prison clearance will be required to exclude any individuals with a history of behaviour, which could be considered unacceptable (by G4S or the clients). 
 Safety is of paramount importance and the post holder must ensure that safe systems of work are followed without compromise. 
 If you would like further information or would like to be considered please contact Mark Arthur on 01772 208 962 or alternatively reply to this email. 
 
 
 Rate:  £45 - £50 per hour + + Benefits 
 
 
 Location:  Isle of Man 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Medical 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208962 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2021-01-06 17:05:22 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Customer Service Advisor 
 Cleaner 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Recovery Worker 
 Mental Health Recovery Worker 
 Channel Sales Manager 
 Senior Children's Support Worker 
 Social Worker 
 Talent Acquisition Coordinator  
 Recovery Worker 
 Environmental Health Officer 
 Food Safety Officer 
 Environmental Health Officer 
 Theatre Nurse 
 Domestic Assistant 
 Planning Manager 
 Head of Highways 
 Hospital Cleaner 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
