Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Associate Vice President, Shared Services 
 University of Alberta 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Competition No. - A114943226 
Closing Date - Nov 27, 2020 
 Reporting directly to the Vice-President, University Services and Finance, the position provides strong and consistent leadership to the University of Alberta’s Processing Hub, Staff Services Centre, and Continuous Improvement units providing direction and ideas through an integral time of change management and continuous improvement. The position is accountable and responsible for the delivery of integrated, consistent and efficient services and process delivered through the following areas: 
 The Staff Services Centre is the University’s ‘front door’ for staff to be able to access a variety of important services (e.g. benefits assistance, expense claim information, payroll queries, IST support either in person, virtually, or by phone. 
The Processing Hub which brings the repeatable and process-oriented elements of professional services together into a central processing center where experts deal with them efficiently and effectively (e.g. payroll, accounts receivable/payable, procurement, onboarding) 
The Continuous Improvement team provides internal training, data quality/quality assurance and process improvement services to the rest of the area. 
 As a highly effective leader, the Associate Vice-President, Shared Services excels at the following areas: 
 Strategic Leader 
 Translates the Vice-President, University Services and Finance’s vision and strategic plans into understandable and achievable goals and objectives for the Services and Processing area. 
Leads the development of an integrated operating plan for the Service Centre, the Processing Hub and the Continuous Improvement Team (both short and long term). Makes the connections for Services and Processing staff between the role of the area and the success of the University. 
Assesses gaps between current and future state and creates strategies to close the gaps. 
Designs and implements the organizational structure needed for Services and Processing to deliver on its strategic priorities. 
Monitors and ensures compliance with legislative, regulatory, policy and procedural requirements in the area (e.g. provincial and federal legislation, Employment Insurance and Canadian Revenue Agency policy or process changes) 
Understands the strategic consequences of emergent trends, barriers and opportunities in the internal and external environment. Synthesizes and integrates information from multiple internal and external sources in order to develop an effective organizational response. 
Ensures the availability of resources (e.g. financial, human resources, technology) for key area objectives. Makes adaptations to resource plans in response to changing organizational priorities. Seizes opportunities to leverage resources between area units. 
Sets clear performance standards and expectations. Critically analyzes and evaluates the area’s performance against the strategy and makes changes as required. Holds self and area accountable for meeting performance objectives. 
 Decision Maker 
 Leverages past experiences and an in-depth understanding of both the University, the higher education sector, as well as human resources, call center, financial processing, continuous improvement and payroll best practices to make sound decisions. 
Gathers information from direct reports and Service Partners (HR, Finance, IT and Communications) to ensure all available information is taken into consideration prior to making key decisions. 
Balances multiple, competing requirements; makes decisions to advance some requirements over others. 
Assesses and balances vast amounts of information, which is sometimes poorly or partially defined, to make decisions in a volatile, ever changing environment. 
Makes speculative, high-impact, and sustainable decisions that can influence the success of the University today and into the future. 
Understands the broader, long- term impacts of strategic decision making. Anticipates the impacts of these decisions on the University, other areas or individuals. Plans for impacts. 
Keeps the Vice-President, University Service and Finance and other senior leaders involved and informed in decision making. 
Delegates or escalates decision making where appropriate. 
 Innovator 
 Shapes the future of the University through personal or area leadership of key strategic initiatives. 
Promotes innovation throughout Services and Processing and broadly across campus. Builds, maintains and supports networks for staff or stakeholders to share ideas. 
Encourages and rewards initiative and innovation, while learning from failures. 
Anticipates barriers to change and innovation. Develops strategies to overcome challenges. 
Recognizes the need for change. Champions change which may mean disrupting or destructing traditional delivery. Continually assesses the University’s cultural readiness and capability to adopt proposed changes. 
Continually analyzes the change process and makes necessary adjustments to maximize effectiveness of services and to reduce risk and financial implications; ensure any risks and/or challenges that impact the organization or service delivery are appropriately identified and mitigation plans developed. 
Proactively develops policies, processes and practices that remove systemic barriers to success. 
Sponsors key area initiatives both within and outside area of responsibility. Provides input, advice, or direction into project development (e.g. scope, performance indicators). 
Ensures that all area initiatives advance the broader strategic goals of the university. 
 Talent Manager 
 Works to shape the future of the university by creating an environment which engages current talent, as well as identifies and develops future leaders. 
Promotes a culture which encourages development, innovation, collaboration and continuous improvement. 
Fosters a diverse, inclusive and respectful work environment that promotes opportunity without discrimination or harassment. 
Attracts and engages the "right team" to accomplish strategic area objectives. 
Supports and advocates for the area and its staff in all contexts. 
Provides an appropriate level of autonomy to staff. Encourages staff to take the lead on issues, thereby developing leadership potential through professional growth or identification of internal mobility opportunities. 
Coaches and mentors’ staff while encouraging professional development to foster a mindset of continuous learning. 
Recognizes the achievements and contributions of staff. 
 Communicator 
 Supports open, meaningful, positive and useful internal and external communication. Uses a variety of communication mediums to get key messages across. 
Builds confidence in the area and the University through personal actions and communications. 
Effectively and tactfully discusses complex and technical concepts with stakeholders, who may or may not have the same technical understanding, in order to gain support from others who may hold competing or opposing views. 
Negotiates desired outcomes or resolutions in sensitive or contentious situations. 
Handles difficult on-the-spot questions related to Services and Processing activities with composure and tact. Anticipates and builds on others' reactions to ensure continued support for direction/approach. 
Ensures the continuous flow of information throughout the organization and that others receive required information from the Services and Processing area in a timely fashion. 
Takes every opportunity to promote, advocate and represent the achievements and needs of the Services and Processing area internally to gain support for its initiatives. 
 Relationship Builder 
 Builds strategic relationships both internally and externally to the university. Identifies potential stakeholders/allies and actively seeks partnerships and collaboration for the long-term benefit of the UofA. 
Promotes relationships with key stakeholder groups (e.g. staff associations, leadership, government agencies). 
Recognizes the importance of cross-portfolio and cross-institutional collaboration in creating responsive solutions that meet both client requirements and U of A objectives. Proactively seeks out opportunities to integrate with other AVPs on key initiatives, strategies, and priorities. Promotes the sharing of expertise. 
Develops relationships at all levels of the university. Creates awareness and mutual understanding in order to facilitate required solutions. 
Builds strong, collaborative relationships with University leadership, faculty, and staff. 
Maintains positive working relationships with Services and Processing staff. 
 Knowledge Requirements 
 A master’s degree in a related discipline is required as well as broad and substantive senior leadership experience in one or multiple disciplines in the assigned area. 
Progressive senior leadership experience in Shared Services 
A minimum of 10 years leading a Shared Services Organization, preferably Human Resources, Finance or IST in an organization of significant size, complexity and diversity 
Extensive financial experience managing large scale operations and multi-million dollar budgets. 
A minimum of 10 years leading full cycle projects of significant size and complexity. 
Strong knowledge of Shared Services Information Systems and Service Center applications and tools 
A demonstrated ability to design a responsive/highly effective service model and create a robust service culture that aligns with the model 
A demonstrated clear pattern of professional and personal development 
Successful record of achievement as a leader, including extensive experience in senior leadership of a large and diverse range of functions. 
Demonstrated capability in leading self, engaging others, developing coalitions, achieving results and bringing about transformative change at a systems level. 
A strategic thinker, taking into account long-term goals assessing options and implications 
Effective communicator with strong organizational skills, client focused orientation and commitment to providing long term quality services. 
Leadership skills, including demonstrated ability and comfort with decision making responsibilities, coaching and teaching, and the ability to inspire and build confidence in others. 
Demonstrated ability to manage change and create innovative solutions for complex and diverse organizational issues. 
Ability to manage diverse human, financial and physical resources within a complex environment 
Proven ability to foster partnerships and to achieve organizational goals with a large diverse organization and managing within a unionized sector 
 In accordance with the Management and Professional Staff (Excluded) Handbook, this position is a full time, continuing appointment and offers a comprehensive benefits package found at Faculty & Staff Benefits. Salary will be commensurate with experience. While this position welcomes applications from the public, please note that preference will be given to current employees at the University of Alberta. Review of applications will be begin on November 27; however, the competition will remain open until filled. We thank all candidates for their interest, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
