Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Retail Store Manager 
 PetSmart Canada 
 __Bolton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 ABOUT OUR STORES: 
PetSmart is a retailer unlike any other; we don’t just sell products, we provide solutions that foster happy and healthy homes for pets and pet parents. Our Store Managers lead the operations of our stores through that lens and are passionate about creating a unique, customer-focused environment. 
 As a Retail Store Manager with PetSmart, you’ll oversee all aspects of our retail store—from head to tail. From hiring & training knowledgeable associates to executing on strategic merchandising initiatives, you’ll set the standard of success within our stores. It’s no easy feat, but every day you come in to work you’ll take pride in knowing that you're making a real difference for your associates, our pet parents, and pets in our care. 
 ABOUT OUR TEAMS: 
In a store as big as ours, we need all hands (and paws, wings and fins!) on deck to ensure we are operating efficiently. You’ll lead an Assistant Manager, Service Managers and Department Managers to success in the following areas: 
 Customer Engagement:  With extensive knowledge of our products and a passion for animals, our Customer Engagement team ensure that our customers have the right solutions for their pet. In addition to supporting store initiatives, they also lead a team of Pet Care Associates to maintain a safe and clean environment for all pets in our care. 
 Merchandising & Inventory:  With a heavy emphasis on store presentation, our Merchandise and Inventory teams play an integral role in helping our pet parents find exactly what they need, right when they need it. This team leads the execution plan-o-grams, organize promotional and sale price changes, and oversee fulfillment of our In-Store Pick Up Orders. 
 Associate Leadership:  With an emphasis on training and development, our Associate Lead ensures that our teams have the education they need to advise pet parents, complete pet safety inspections and support the Store Manager on company initiatives. 
 Services:  There’s more to our stores than just the merchandise—it’s the services that we offer that are fast growing areas of our business. Although our Grooming Salon and our Pets Hotel do have their own leaders, it is in partnership with the Store Manager that they are successful business units. 
 Overall Retail Initiatives:  You and your teams will also drive sales and traffic targets, execute on strategic merchandising initiatives and set standards of success within our retail store. 
 ABOUT YOUR CAREER: 
Just like we’re there for pets at every stage of their lives, we’ll be with you at every stage of your career, too. With PetSmart, you will have opportunities to: 
 Develop your leadership skills with on-going development 
Tackle the challenge of a new store opening or turning around a struggling store 
Transfer to any one of our 1600 stores nationwide 
Grow to become a District Leader and then a Regional Director 
 THE WARM AND FUZZIES: 
We’ve highlighted job responsibilities as best as we could above—but the best parts of working at PetSmart can’t be fully described in the job description. 
 It’s the excitement you feel when you help a little one pick out his very first fish. And not just any goldfish, but that one, right there, no not that one, this one, yea! 
It’s the relief Rosie feels when you help her mom select the best food for her upset tummy and her delight when it turns out to be chicken flavored!! 
It’s the pride of the giving Mickey a makeover in our salons watching him strut his stuff on the way out. Paws off, ladies, he’s taken! 
It’s the joy of reuniting Frankie with her family after a fun stay in our Pets Hotel. 
It’s the celebration of Bella’s birthday, Gizmo’s graduation from puppy classes or Ace’s adoption. 
It’s the little things we do that add up to really big things that pets need. 
 Working at PetSmart is not a job, it’s a community of those who work together for the love of pets. 
 Apply now to experience a career that loves you back. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
