Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Tutor 
 Spark Lifecare 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Love helping people? We're looking for passionate, hardworking, and self-directed people to join our team of caregivers. Spark Inc is an innovative and award-winning organization that matches clients to the best one to one care in the community 
 TUTOR 
Our clients are lovely individuals seeking care in the Ottawa region and valley. After experiences such as brain injury, learning exceptionalities, or mental health issues, they are looking for support as they tackle formal schooling, at-home learning, or extended education and ongoing learning. Our clients have a wide range of interests, from arts and crafts, to cars and mechanics, to animals, and everything in between. You would be the ideal candidate to work with us if you are passionate about helping people, are reliable, love working in a team, and have professional experience providing tutoring support. 
 HOURS 
Flexible scheduling options 
 RATE OF PAY 
Starting at $18/hr 
 REQUIREMENTS 
 Cover letter outlining why you would be a great match for Spark. Tell us who you are! 
Valid First Aid and CPR Standard level C certification 
Smartphone with a data plan 
Criminal Record & Vulnerable Sector Check (within the last 12 months) 
 ASSETS 
 University or College education in a related field 
CPI and/or NVCI training 
Valid "G" class license and access to a reliable vehicle 
 Spark is looking to hire motivated, dedicated, and experienced Tutors. In this role, you'll be supporting individuals in the community requiring support with developing English as their second language, math skills, engaging in professional recommendations for communication development, and coping with learning exceptionalities. Care is tailored to each person, so each position is unique. Some clients need mainly in-home support. Others require support participating in community activities. Whatever the circumstances, we want people who will genuinely care about their well-being. 
 Why Choose Spark? At Spark, we value community, work life balance and career development. To help foster your personal and professional growth, we partner with Spark U, a nonprofit focused on equipping, educating, and empowering caregivers. Spark U makes your job easier so you can focus more on you and your clients. Whatever our clients' age, background, or circumstances, we help them choose the perfect fit from our handpicked team of passionate, skilled and committed caregivers. As a caregiver with Spark, you have a voice in the matching process. We believe that your input will foster the best long-term relationships with your clients. At Spark you'll have flexibility, autonomy and a team who truly cares about you. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
