Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Assistant Bakery Manager 
 Freson Market Ltd./Freson Bros. 
 __Stony Plain, AB 
 Apply Now 
 ASSISTANT BAKERY MANAGER 
 Freson Bros. an Alberta owned and operated fresh food retail chain  invites positive, energetic and self-starters who have an interest in the exciting and challenging retail industry. We invite invites an experienced Artisan Baker who is passionate about baking to pursue a rewarding career as an Assistant Bakery Manager to deliver a Unique Alberta Food Experience in Stony Plain Alberta and surrounding communities. 
 WHY FRESON BROS. 
 Drive:  To make it onto our team, it starts with focus, commitment and your own source of fuel. 
 Integrity:  Like it or not, we’re open and honest. Team members do what is right, they’re upfront and turn feedback into progress. 
 Growth:  Remember, personal development is at the core of what we do. We bring on those who love learning because we’re asking them to inspire others to feel the same way. 
 RESPONSIBILITIES: 
 As the Assistant Bakery Manager, you will report to the Bakery Manager and will assist in managing the overall operations of the bakery department. You will assist the Bakery Manager in the implementation of all bakery programs, ordering, receiving, inventory, merchandising and displays, work schedules, staff training and coaching, quality, service, cleanliness and safety standards. We want people with passion, drive and leadership. 
 As a high achiever who has a clear vision of what makes a great business grow, you believe in the value of teamwork and are competent in organizational, inter-personal and communication skills. 
 THE OPPORTUNITY: 
 To the successful candidate we offer an opportunity to gain hands on business analytics experience in an exciting, customer focused industry along with an attractive compensation package including competitive wage rate from $20.00 to $25.00 per hour depending on experience, benefits plan (for full time), family grocery discount, and above all exciting career opportunities. 
 If you are the person we are looking for, we invite you to submit your resume either by fax or e-mail to: 
 Annette Lee, Store Manager 
 e-mail: click Apply Now, Fax: 780-968-9292, website: www.freson.com 
 **  At Freson Bros. We Believe Really Great Food and People Really Matter ** 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Salary: $20.00-$25.00 per hour 
 Benefits: 
 
 Extended health care 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 Day shift 
 Night shift 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Bakery supervisory: 1 year (Preferred) 
 scratch baking: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
