This site uses cookies to analyze traffic and for ad measurement purposes. For more information please see our   privacy policy .   |    Learn More 
 I Accept 
   
 Log In  Join Now 
  0   
 
  Membership   
 
   
 Membership 
*  Join/Renew 
*  Local Network 
 
  Education   
 
   
 Education Overview 
*  Class Schedule/Locations 
*  Training 
*  Webinars 
*  Expert Insights Web Series 
*  Conference Recordings - Sales Comp 
*  Conference Recordings - Total Resilience 
 Education Resources 
*  Team & Corporate Solutions 
*  Policies 
 
  Certification   
 
 Certification Overview 
 Compensation 
 * [Certified Compensation Professional (CCP)](/certification/certified-compensation-professional-ccp/)
* [Certified Compensation Professional (CCP) - Canada](/certification/canadian-certified-compensation-professional-ccp-canada/)
* [Global Remuneration Professional (GRP)](/certification/global-remuneration-professional-grp/)
* [Advanced Certified Compensation Professional (ACCP)](/certification/advanced-certified-compensation-professional-accp/)
 
 Executive Compensation 
 * [Certified Executive Compensation Professional (CECP)](/certification/certified-executive-compensation-professional-cecp/)
 
 Sales Compensation 
 * [Certified Sales Compensation Professional (CSCP)](/certification/certified-sales-compensation-professional-cscp/)
 
 Benefits 
 * [Certified Benefits Professionals (CBP)](/certification/certified-benefits-professional-cbp/)
 
 Certification Resources 
 * [Exam Information](/certification-exam-info/)
* [FAQs](/certification/faq/)
* [Recertification](/certification/recertification)
 
 
  Resource Center   
 
 Resources Overview 
*  Research & Surveys 
*  Salary Budget Survey 
*  Podcasts 
*  Popular Topics 
*  Expert Insights Web Series 
 Publications 
 * [Workspan](/workspan)
* [The Journal of Total Rewards](/journal/)
* [#evolve](/evolve/evolve)
* [Bookstore](/resources/bookstore/)
* [Benefits Insider](/resources/benefit-insider)
 
 Connections 
 * [Local Networks](/resources/local-network-partners)
* [Community](/community/)
* [Career Center](http://careers.worldatwork.org/search.cfm)
 
 Tools 
 * [Glossary](/resources/glossary/)
* [Salary Data Center](/member-portal/salary-data-providers)
* [Sample HR Policies](/resources/hr-policies-and-sample-documents/)
* [Sample Formulas](/resources/formulas)
* [Sample Job Descriptions](/resources/sample-job-descriptions/)
* [State Labor Law Directory](/resources/state-labor-laws)
* [Pay Equity Laws by State](/resources/pay-equity-laws-by-state)
* [Survey Search](/resources/survey-search)
 
 
  Events   
 
   
 Events Overview 
 Upcoming Events 
 * [WorldatWork 2021 Spotlight on Sales Compensation Conference & Exhibition](/events/2021-spotlight-on-sales-compensation/)
* [WorldatWork 2021 Total Rewards Conference & Exhibition](/events/2021-total-rewards-conference-and-exhibition/)
 
 Event Resources 
 * [Call for Proposals](/events/speakers)
* [Sponsors / Exhibitors](/events/sponsor-exhibitor)
 
 Past Events 
 
 Vendor Directory 
 COVID-19 Updates 
 
                   
  Compensation     Executive Compensation     Sales Compensation     Benefits  
 
 OK 
 
 OK 
 
 OK 
 Check it Out! 
 Sample Job Descriptions 
 Crafting the right job description is an important early step in the hiring process. It takes time to do it right and create a job description that will help attract the right candidates to the position. WorldatWork provides a wide library of sample job descriptions and job templates to help our members save time and create high quality job descriptions that deliver results. 
 Want to Contribute to Our Job Description/Template Library? 
 We encourage members of the HR community to submit sample job descriptions and templates for consideration in our library. WorldatWork reserves the right to edit submissions before they are posted. If you hold a Society designation (CCP, CBP, GRP or WLCP), you earn credits toward recertification by contributing a sample job description or template. When filling out your Recertification Application online, use #4 in the "Leadership" category to describe your submission and record credits. You can earn ½ credit per submission, up to a maximum of one credit per recertification cycle. 
 Want access to these resources? Join today! 
 Being a member has its advantages. By joining WorldatWork, you gain access to our library of sample HR policies, procedures and guidelines along with many other tools and resources. 
 Join Now 
 
 Submit a job description 
 [Email Now](mailto: surveypanel@worldatwork.org?subject=Re: Job Descriptions) 
 Categories 
 
 Accounting 
 Administrative/Office 
 Executive/Senior Management 
 General 
 Human Resources (HR) 
 Information Techonology 
 Marketing 
 Product 
 Sales 
 
 Accounting 
 
 Accounting Assistant 
 Primary function is to provide accounting support for the finance department. 
 Accounts Payable Specialist 
 Review and ensure administrative requests are in compliance with corporate policies and procedures and processed timely, reconcile accounts payable data and update the accounts payable vendor master file and perform other administrative duties as required. 
 Budget Analyst 
 Works with department managers and administrative staff in the compilation of information related to expenditures and revenue budgets, including grants, contracts, endowments, and general funds, revenues, and/or gift accounts. Assists with in the development of various budgets and budget projections as assigned. Administers grants and contracts in post award period. Provides up-todate expenditure and balance information. Reviews and processes payroll and accounting transactions, verifies budgets and expenditures to ensure compliance with university and/or agency regulations and restrictions. 
 Controller - Administration 
 Provide leadership and coordination of company financial planning, debt financing, and budget management functions. Ensure company accounting procedures conform to generally accepted accounting principles. 
 Controller - VP Finance 
 Directs activities of Accounting Department. Reviews incoming mail and correspondence, determines needed action and provides direction to employees regarding how to complete tasks. Maintains current industry knowledge. Performs various accounting functions such as signing checks, approving invoices, posting journal entries, investing excess funds and preparing various reports and returns. 
 Payroll Specialist 
 The payroll specialist is responsible for the accurate and timely completion of payroll processing tasks, preparation of fundings, reconciliations and related reports and responding to inquiries related to payroll processes and procedures. 
 Staff Accountant 
 Apply principles of accounting to analyze financial information and prepare financial reports by performing the following duties. 
 Administrative/Office 
 
 Administrative Assistant 
 Assist and support various human resources programs and procedures for employees. This includes providing high-level administrative support to the Human Resources Department, and working on special projects to expand professional human resources knowledge. 
 Administrative Assistant 2 
 Works under general supervision of corporate officer, providing personal secretarial services and administrative assistance requiring exercise of discretion and judgment on occasion. 
 Clerk Typist 
 Works under close supervision, performing general, routine clerical duties. Types and transcribes such items as correspondence, reports, and simple statistical tables, from rough drafts and dictation tapes. 
 Data Entry 
 To provide accurate and efficient data entry for ABC Company audits. 
 Department Secretary 
 This position is accountable for providing secretarial support to the Corporate Controller and the department professional staff, including routing and specialized secretarial services. 
 Executive Assistant 
 Works under the general direction of the President and/or Chairman of the Board, works independently, providing personal secretarial services and administrative assistance, exercising initiative and judgment on a regular basis. 
 Executive Assistant - Chief Executive Officer 
 This position is responsible for providing support to the Chief Executive Officer in the execution of his responsibilities by effectively managing the day-to-day operation of his Office. The incumbent is fully responsible for managing the administrative functions, establishing administrative procedures and guidelines and managing clerical staff reporting to this office. 
 Mail Distribution Clerk 
 Works under close supervision of the mailroom supervisor and performs routine clerical duties. 
 Office Assistant 
 Position responsible for the management of all copyright, reprint permissions, and filings required which protects the intellectual capital of the association. This position provides administrative support to the publications staff through the coordination of the review process for all articles written for publications. The incumbent will work closely with the Librarian to ensure administrative and research needs are satisfied for the department. Is responsible for fostering good working relationships with consultants and other vendors who provide products and research material needed by the association. Works on special knowledge services projects as assigned. 
 Paralegal 
 Position responsible for assisting in various types of litigation and legal matters pertaining to the organization and for providing assistance in the preparation of legal documents, research and compilation of data from various legal references as well as the preparation of drafts for contracts and maintenance of case filings and meeting minutes. 
 Production Manager 
 Provide timely response to customer phone and e-mail inquiries concerning both the products and the delivery of those products to the customers. 
 Receptionist 
 Operate a multi-line telephone system to answer incoming calls and direct callers to appropriate staff members by performing the following duties. Provide administrative support to various departments as needed. 
 Senior Clerk Typist 
 Works under general supervision, performing various moderately complex typing and general clerical duties that require a thorough understanding of organization, department, and section policies and practices, using occasional exercise of independent judgment. 
 Executive/Senior Management 
 
 CEO 
 The President and Chief Executive Officer is charged with the overall leadership of the Medical Center and its related entities in a manner commensurate with the authority conferred by the Board. 
 Chief Technology Officer & Divisional President 
 With targets set by the Chief Executive Officer and Board of Directors, this position is accountable for the organization-wide strategic direction and management of technology for new and existing products to maintain and advance the company's competitive position and profitability. 
 Director of Manufacturing Operations 
 Oversee management of all areas of Manufacturing and direct activities so that approved products are manufactured on schedule, and within quality standards and cost objectives. 
 Manager - Business Applications 
 Position responsible for leading the processes of planning for, developing or acquiring, and implementing computer applications which effectively support business processes and provide the necessary business control and management of information. 
 Manager - Compensation, Benefits & HRIS 
 Position responsible for the management, administration, creation and development of all compensation and benefits programs for the organization. Responsible for facilitating the coordination of all compensation and benefits programs to support and align with business objectives and strategy. Incumbent is accountable for a staff providing support, research, implementation and development of people strategies in the area of rewards. 
 Non-Profit CFO 
 The chief financial officer provides leadership and oversight of the financial management and accounting functions for the organization in conjunction with the president/CEO and board of directors. The CFO provides oversight and direction of budgeting, audit, tax-related reporting, accounting, federal grant financial compliance, purchasing and long-range forecasting for the organization. 
 President/CEO 
 President/CEO is a member of and works closely with the Board of Directors and Chairman to fully develop and implement the organization's long-term strategic plan. Has responsibility for establishing and executing the major goals and objectives of the organization. Position has direct responsibility for executing and managing the organization's operating plan and budget. This includes responsibility for the internal administration and supervision of the organization and for maintaining close relationships with business, regulatory, and government organizations as well as with the press and other related entities. Interprets and implements polices and directives from the Board. Develops and maintains an effective organizational structure and reporting relationships for the organization to enhance transparency. 
 Privacy Officer 
 Provides development guidance and assists in the identification, implementation and maintenance of ABC Company information privacy policies and procedures in coordination with ABC Company management and administration, the Privacy Review board and legal counsel. 
 VP - Finance 
 The Vice President, Finance/CFO is the chief financial officer of the health care organization and is responsible for the development, interpretation, coordination and administration of policies on finance, accounting, insurance, information technology, patient financial services, health information management, internal control and auditing, reimbursement, operations and systems engineering, and materials management. 
 VP - Managed Care Public Policy 
 The Vice President, Managed Care/Public Policy is responsible for developing, administering and evaluating the managed care and public policy services and programs for the company. Acts as primary liaison for other organizations with regard to managed care and legislative issues. Serves as a member of the Senior Management team responsible for planning, allocating and monitoring resources, identifying and supporting the organization's mission, strategic plan and quality improvement initiatives. 
 General 
 
 Cashier 
 Works under general supervision of accounting supervisor and performs petty cash, accounting, and disbursement duties, and general cashier functions 
 Customer Service Representative I 
 This position provides a basic working knowledge of systems, procedures, customers, and products. Position performs assigned functions with moderate reliance on others for direction. Work requires some judgment but is performed primarily according to fairly standard business procedures/practices. 
 Low Income Housing Property Manager 
 Property managers are responsible for the overall performance of the property(ies), including, but not limited to, maintaining compliance with Section 42 Low Income Housing Tax Credits and/or HUD Section 8 program requirements, financially, aesthetically and in resident relations. The property manager is also responsible for managing the day-to-day operation of the management office and leading the on-site team. Prior on-site management experience including supervisory responsibility is preferred. Must be willing to work flexible hours/days/weekends/locations, as well as live on-site in a two-bedroom apartment as a condition of employment. 
 Research Assistant - Library Services 
 Position responsible for the management of all copyright, reprint permissions, and filings required which protects the intellectual capital of the association. This position provides administrative support to the publications staff through the coordination of the review process for all articles written for publications. The incumbent will work closely with the Librarian to ensure administrative and research needs are satisfied for the department. Is responsible for fostering good working relationships with consultants and other vendors who provide products and research material needed by the association. Works on special knowledge services projects as assigned. 
 Human Resources (HR) 
 
 Benefits and Compensation Manager 
 Design and manage compensation and benefits programs. Ensure compliance with overall District policies and pertinent federal and state employment laws. Communicate and interface with employees and benefit plan consultants, vendors, legal advisors, and administrators regarding benefit policies, eligibility and coverage issues, and enrollment procedures. Provide strategic recommendations with regard cost containment and increasing the District's return on investment in employee benefits. Participate in the research, analysis, development/revision, and implementation of employee benefit programs and compensation programs that are designed to maintain the District's objectives and competitive position in the marketplace. 
 Compensation Administrator 
 Summary of major reason this job exists Handle all activities related to the company's salary administration program, the performance appraisal program, and other various duties as assigned. 
 Compensation and Benefit Manager 
 Plan, direct, or coordinate compensation and benefits activities and staff of an organization. 
 Compensation Manager 
 This position is responsible for the day-to-day management activities of the compensation department. Manage all market pricing activities to ensure internal equity, external competitiveness, while adhering to the company's over-arching compensation philosophy. Provide analytical expertise to Employee Services, providing guidance and interpretation of various compensation policies. Manage the high-level project planning components relating to compensation program revision, development, and/or re-design. 
 Compensation/Benefits Analyst 
 Develops and/or implements employee benefit and compensation programs for the Company to attract, retain and motivate employees, by performing the following duties. 
 Employment Interviewer 
 Works under general direction of employment manager and interviews, tests, and evaluates job applicants below management level for full or part-time employment, requiring regular exercise of independent judgment. 
 Facilities Manager 
 Performs professional senior-level recruiting responsibilities for the Company. Ensures that the Company's overall recruiting strategy, technology infrastructure and processes are competitive and aiding to attract and retain the best talent in the marketplace. 
 Group Manager, Human Resources 
 Responsible for the efficient and effective implementation and management of numerous aspects of human capital. Develops relationships and promotes mutually beneficial partnerships with employees and management. Participates with HR senior management in the development of goals, objectives, strategies and policies consistent with the direction of the departmental function head. Ensures excellent HR service to all levels of employees. Provides HR leadership and expertise as employee advocate, change agent and general HR subject matter expert. 
 HR Administrator 
 Position responsible for providing support to the human resources department by maintaining files and records and assisting with benefits administration. 
 HR Generalist 
 The Human Resources Generalist, with limited supervision, is responsible for the successful management of personnel practices and policies for assigned client groups. The incumbent's responsibilities include organizational development/training, recruitment, policy interpretation and administration, employee relations, training, compensation, benefits, and other duties as necessary to ensure maximum effectiveness of the Human Resources function. 
 HR Plant Manager 
 Administer and/or manage Human Resource programs covering several of the following areas: employee relations, recruiting, salary administration, training and development, safety, health benefits and employee services. 
 HRIS Manager 
 Manage and oversee all aspects of the District's Human Resources Information System (HRIS), including Payroll. This includes integration of present human resources office procedures into electronic data processing systems in support of human resources administration and projects. Serves as the primary interface between HR and the District's IT department, software vendors and Payroll to ensure the integrity of the system. Provides a leadership role in the implementation of HR PeopleSoft components as well as day to day operations of the HRIS functions. 
 Senior Recruiter 
 Performs professional senior-level recruiting responsibilities for the Company. Ensures that the Company's overall recruiting strategy, technology infrastructure and processes are competitive and aiding to attract and retain the best talent in the marketplace. 
 Information Techonology (IT) 
 
 Engineering Information Systems Director 
 With targets and objectives set by senior engineering leadership, this position is responsible for the effective operations of an information technology and information systems based department that supports the unique needs of a telecommunications engineering department. These functions, supporting internal engineering systems, customer service and customer product development, include but are not limited to software applications, telecom, data, custom product development and systems administration. 
 Help Desk Technician 
 Incumbent will provide quality front-line help desk support to ABC Co. personnel as end users, giving prompt and professional resolution of any problems with ABC Co. standard hardware, software or network/communications tools or services. The incumbent will act as front-line troubleshooter but utilize proper judgment to escalate issues when necessary. 
 Mailroom Print Center Technician 
 This position handles all aspects of printing, shipping and receiving along with other duties assigned by the Supervisor. 
 Network Systems Engineer 
 Responsible for designing, building, operating, and supporting systems and network operations 
 Software Engineer 
 Develop, create, and modify general computer applications software or specialized utility programs. Analyze user needs and develop software solutions. Design software or customize software for client use with the aim of optimizing operational efficiency. May analyze and design databases within an application area, working individually or coordinating database development as part of a team. 
 Marketing 
 
 Advertising Manager 
 Supervise, direct and assist Advertising Salespersons to assure ongoing advertising sales are carried out effectively to meet Chronicle ad level requirements and advertisers' requirements for timely, appropriate and correct ads according to established, sound and ethical sales and business practices; coordinate with other Chronicle managers to plan and implement programs, policies and deadlines. 
 Market Research Analyst 
 Research market conditions in local, regional, or national areas to determine potential sales of a product or service. May gather information on competitors, prices, sales, and methods of marketing and distribution. May use survey results to create a marketing campaign based on regional preferences and buying habits. 
 Marketing Research Manager 
 Under general direction, responsible for analysis of sales records and market trends. Explores new markets and estimates their potential. Supplies senior management with market data for use in estimating market share and controlling market conditions. 
 Product 
 
 Director Strategic Product Marketing & Support 
 Develops and aggressively markets new and existing product lines to current and prospective customers. Promotes company services to current and prospective members. Directs Product Development Team in developing and achieving company, team and personal goals 
 Engineering Manager 
 Plan, direct, or coordinate activities in such fields as architecture and engineering or research and development in these fields. 
 Product Line Director 
 Develop and articulate the vision for the Managed Care line of products and ensure that development timelines and revenue targets are met. Work closely with sales directors to maximize revenue generation within the client base. 
 Senior Engineer, Gas Engineering 
 The senior engineer provides highly technical engineering services and directs the work of others for the planning, design and construction of project additions to the company's energy delivery system. Responsibilities include project management for all phases of project additions; overseeing and guiding engineering staff in project management and design and problem resolution of complex engineering problems. 
 Sales 
 
 Account Executive 
 As an Account Executive within ABC Company's Partnerships & Alliances business unit, you will be our partner's daily contact and are responsible for developing relationships with key managers and decision-makers within assigned partners in the pharmacy marketplace. This marketplace consists of retail pharmacy chains, payors, pharmacy benefit managers, pharmacy and medical claim switches and other health care companies. Qualified candidates must have a thorough knowledge of ABC Company's pharmaceutical data products and software applications to help negotiate agreements to access the most useful data from our partner's claims. You will work with ABC Company's management team to negotiate new data agreements and renew existing agreements. You will work with the marketing team to ensure the timely development and introduction of useful data products and services to our pharmacy partners. Your ability to identify new areas of product and service opportunities within our partners' businesses and increase the value ABC Company's relationship with our partners, will be important to ABC Company's success in maintaining lasting data agreements. 
 Sales Engineer 
 Sell business goods or services, the selling of which requires a technical background equivalent to a baccalaureate degree in engineering. 
 Be the first to hear about our exclusive offers and news by subscribing to our newsletter. 
 Subscribe 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 
 Press Room 
 
 
 Marketing Opportunities 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Copyright   •   Privacy Policy   •   Site Map   •   Community Terms and Conditions 
(C)2021 WorldatWork All Rights Reserved 
 WorldatWork Login 
 
 
 ID or Email Password 
 Create New Account     |     Forgot Password 
 Product successfully added to your cart! 
 Continue Shopping  View your cart 
 Functionality not implemented. 
 
 Close 
 
 
 Close 
 Newsletter Subscription 
 
 [ twitter ](https://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Job Descriptions) 
  facebook  
  linkedin  
 [ email ](mailto:?subject=Job Descriptions&body=https://worldatworksociety.com/resources/sample-job-descriptions/) 
 
 Select Category Certification Community Education Events Public Policy Resources 
 Have Questions? 
 Phone 
 +1 877 951 9191 
 USA and Canada 
 +1 480 951 9191 
 Other Countries 
 Online 
 Chat Now 
 Email Us 
