[ 
 Workew 
 Workew is the #1 board to find remote jobs, careers and other remote work opportunities to become digital nomad, work from anywhere and travel the world. 
 ](https://workew.com/ "Workew") Close Search for: Search 
 
 Remote Jobs 
 
 Marketing 
 Developer 
 Operations 
 Designer & UX 
 Customer Service 
 Project Mgmt 
 Sales & Biz Dev 
 Writing & Editing 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Other WFH Jobs 
 
 
 Remote Work Course 
 My account 
 
 Shopping Cart 
 
 
 More
 
 Facebook Group 
 Telegram Alerts 
 Pricing & Plans 
 Remote Health 
 Contact Us 
 Blog Posts 
 
 
 Post a Job 
 Post a Resume 
  __Facebook 
 
 Menu 
 Strategic Alliance Manager 
 
 
 Sales 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 Posted November 6 
 Paytient 
 
 Overview 
 Paytient is on a mission to help people live better lives by improving their ability to better access and afford care. 
 Our financial technology gives Americans the funds they need to pay for the more than $400 Billion in out-of-pocket healthcare expenses (e.g., spending within deductibles, co-pays, co-insurance) that were billed last year. 
 For too long, there has been too much preventable financial harm and delayed or deferred care hurting patients and providers. We envision a fairer future, over the horizon, where every American can more easily pay for care and live a financially healthier life. 
 Founded in 2018, Paytient has raised $50 million from CoVenture and $7M from Inspired Capital, Lightbank, BoxGroup, Cultivation Capital, Crossbeam, and Lachy Groom Fund to fuel our mission and help employers, payors, providers, and patients better afford the status quo. 
 Solving this problem presents a generational, multi-billion-dollar opportunity to become the payments and financing layer for healthcare transactions in the US. 
 We live every minute in that special, impactful area of overlap between healthcare and fintech knowing we’re solving a big, important societal issue. If that’s exciting to you, then we would love to hear from you. 
 How you can help 
 Paytient is looking for a Strategic Alliance Manager who is passionate about the power of Paytient's platform and mission to help remove cost as a barrier to care. In this role, you will build and own all our employer benefit consultant/broker relationships, acting as the single point of contact for our partnership success. You will be responsible for identifying, cultivating and expanding relationships with key brokerage houses across the country with the goal of partnering with brokers to offer Paytient to their clients. 
 The role reports to our Head of Revenue Operations and Strategy, and you can work from our Columbia, MO office, or anywhere within the United States. 
 Responsibilities 
 
 Define Paytient’s strategy for integrating with the benefits broker/consultant ecosystem, aiming to expand Paytient’s footprint in this space 
 Scope, develop, and structure terms for new broker partnerships 
 Manage existing relationships (regional and national), effectively prioritizing their requests 
 Pass along partner feedback to Product and Marketing teams, informing our future feature roadmap and messaging/content strategy 
 Travel to meet, engage and present to new broker partners 
 Ability to navigate complex organizational structure to structure top-down initiatives with brokerage houses 
 
 Experience 
 
 5+ years of experience in a B2B business development, account management or sales role. Or, 5+ years of experience working as a benefits consultant/broker 
 Direct experience working for (or with) employer benefits consultants/brokers 
 Track record of success sourcing, closing, and implementing client/customer/partner deals in the B2B space 
 Deep understanding of healthcare stakeholders (payors, providers, patients) and their needs 
 Experienced project manager who can juggle multiple timelines and prioritize demands from internal and external stakeholders 
 Exceptional communication skills, with experience influencing senior leadership 
 Familiarity with Hubspot and  io (or similar tools) 
 Ability to deliver effective presentations both in-person and virtually 
 BA/BS or equivalent experience 
 Optional but helpful; experience working at an early stage startup 
 Permanent US work authorization required 
 
 At Paytient we believe that a diverse set of backgrounds and experiences enrich our teams and allow us to achieve above and beyond our goals. If you do not have experience in all of the areas detailed above, we hope that you will share your unique background with us in your application and how it can be additive to our teams. 
 Compensation & Benefits 
 
 Salary & being Remote-with-Roots: Paytient is a mostly remote company that pays geographically-agnostic, stage-appropriate, talent-based salaries. Our founding team is proud to call Columbia, Missouri home and welcomes new hires to stay in one of our company-provided luxury apartments on visits so they’ll come to know what we already know to be true – CoMo is an unexpectedly awesome place to live, work and play. 
 A direct primary care membership 
 Your choice of medical, dental, and vision insurance made better with built-in deductible financing of $5,000 on your personal Paytient card 
 401(k) plan with matching contribution up to 4% of your salary 
 5 weeks of encouraged paid time off available on your first day for your physical and mental health 
 6 weeks of paid parental leave and 2 weeks flexible time upon return 
 $50 monthly phone stipend 
 $100 monthly stipend for your choice of wellness benefits 
 $500 one-time stipend to enhance your remote work experience 
 A company provided computer 
 Two awesome company retreats a year 
 
 
 Apply for job 
 Bookmark Job 
 
 Job Page Views:  113 
 Sales 
 
  Website  
  Twitter  
  Instagram  
  LinkedIn  
 
 Full Time 
 More Jobs 
 Position closed? 
 Let us know . 
 Share this job: 
 
  Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Join the Remote Slack Community: 
 
 Signup today for free!  🚀 
 Related Jobs 
 
 
 
 People Operations Analyst 
 InVision  A prototyping, collaboration, and workflow platform for design-led teams. 
 Anywhere 🌎 
 * Operations
* December 4
 
 
 
 
 Enterprise Partnerships Manager 
 Webflow  On a mission to democratize creation for the web 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 * Sales
* December 2
 
 
 
 
 Growth Marketer 
 Hipcamp  Everywhere you want to go camping, glamping & RVing 
 Anywhere 🌎 
 * Marketing
* November 3
 
 Find Your Dream Job 
 Recruiters looking for remote talent can find your resume based on keywords, job titles, skills and more. 
 Post a resume today 
 WORKEW © 2020 
 Facebook   Twitter   LinkedIn   Instagram   YouTube 
 Back to Top 
 Nomad Insurance by SafetyWing : The best travel medical insurance for freelancers & remote workers Get Insured 
