Menu 
   
 Michigan STEM Partnership 
 Preparing Today's Learners for Tomorrow's Careers 
 Skip to content 
 
     mistempartnership  4:28 pm  on  July 29, 2017 
Tags:  connected technology-related careers ( 2 ) , Crain Communications,  Michigan ( 7 ) ,  Michigan STEM partnership ( 12 ) ,  Mobile Technology Assn of Michigan ( 4 ) , mobility, MSX International, MTAM, STEM Career Showcase, STEM Career Showcase @ TIM Detroit,  STEM Careers ( 3 ) , STEM talent,  Technology in Motion (TIM) ( 2 ) 
 Michigan STEM Partnership, Mobile Technology Association of Michigan to Host STEM Career Showcase at Technology in Motion Detroit 
 Diversity of STEM-related career opportunities for high school and college students, career changers to be showcased with interactive exhibits, panels, expert speakers, videos 
 The Mobile Technology Association of Michigan (MTAM), the Michigan STEM Partnership and Technology in Motion (TIM) announced that they have joined forces to create a STEM Career Showcase at the inaugural TIM Detroit conference and trade show. TIM Detroit, scheduled for Sept. 6-8, 2017, will feature a STEM Village of exhibitors for the duration of the event, as well as STEM-focused speakers, panels and activities on September 7th from 1:00 – 7:00 p.m. 
 “Careers in the STEM (Science, Technology, Engineering & Math) fields are the fastest-growing careers in the global marketplace and they’re also the most in-demand jobs in Michigan,” said Gary Farina, Executive Director at the Michigan STEM Partnership. “Partnering with MTAM and TIM Detroit on the STEM Career Showcase provides a real-world platform for the Michigan STEM Partnership and the Mobile Technology Association of Michigan to demonstrate exactly what it takes to prepare the next generation for careers in the automotive and technology fields.” 
 TIM Detroit is a three-day event co-produced by Crain Communications and MSX International, and will serve as the intersection of automotive and technology, highlighting the rapidly-growing interest in connectivity, autonomy, mobility and the shared economy. It will highlight the future of mobility by showcasing the most advanced technology for the next generation of vehicles. TIM Detroit will also include on-site events, product exhibitions, presentations and panel discussions featuring leading innovators in transportation and technology. 
 “It is not only critical that we engage students in a program like this to clearly demonstrate the opportunities and benefits of working in the automotive and technical industries and living in Detroit, but many of our sponsors, participants and exhibitors coming to TIM Detroit have a direct need for highly trained, technically skilled and creative workers,” said Dave Graff, Senior Vice President of Global Sales for MSX International. 
 The STEM Careers Village will feature exhibits from companies seeking to increase awareness among students, parents, educators and career-changers on the mobility / connected technologies career opportunities that exist for students and career-changers to pursue, and the type of education and skills required to succeed in such careers. The STEM Career Showcase will feature keynote speakers, panel discussions, videos from STEM professionals, interactive opportunities and more to increase enthusiasm about pursuing STEM-related careers. 
 Topics to be discussed during the STEM Career Showcase event include: 
 
 How to find a STEM job in today’s marketplace 
 Solving the STEM talent problem through diversity 
 The STEM gender gap and how to close it 
 The importance of STEM to Michigan’s economy 
 Increasing the availability of STEM training 
 
 MTAM Executive Director, Linda Daichendt indicates, “Skilled STEM talent is in exceptionally high demand – nationally, and in Michigan – particularly in fields associated with mobility and connected technologies. Studies have shown that Michigan will have a need for 100,000 additional people in these fields by 2020. Therefore, it is critical that we educate students and those seeking second or alternative careers about the lucrative, challenging and fulfilling career opportunities available to them once they’ve completed STEM-related training programs so they will make the choice to pursue these fields.” 
 Students from local universities and high schools will be given complimentary attendance for the STEM @ TIM event and will be invited to attend and participate in event demonstrations. They will also be able to view the TIM Pitch competition – where start-ups showcase their innovations to industry leaders – as well as the Hack-a-thon, which will challenge software experts to solve specific tasks. The TIM Pitch Competition will take place starting Sept. 6 at 3:00 p.m. and continue into Sept. 7, when the winners are announced. The Hack-a-thon will take place throughout the event. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Post navigation 
 <- Girls participation in Computer Science skyrockets past boys 
 MI STEM Partnership Wins Leadership Award at TIM Detroit 2017 -> 
 Search 
 Search 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 MI STEM Partnership RSS 
 
 RSS - Posts 
 RSS - Comments 
 
 Michigan STEM Partnership 
 
 Michigan STEM Partnership 
 
   Xconomy Education 
 
 Q&A: New Rady Dean Ordóñez on School’s Growth, Startups, Ethics & More  September 20, 2019 
 Booming CS Demand Brings Ex-Acquia CEO Back to His UW Roots  September 13, 2019 
 Why Ethernet Inventor Bob Metcalfe is an Internet Optimist  July 8, 2019 
 What Is the Future of the Internet? Experts Predict Next 50 Years  July 2, 2019 
 Degreed Raises $75M to Expand in Growing Workforce Training Sector  June 27, 2019 
 
 Archives 
 
 February 2018 
 January 2018 
 September 2017 
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
 *[4:28 pm  on  July 29, 2017]: 2017-07-29T20:28:42Z 
