
 Skip to primary navigation 
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to footer 
 
 This site uses cookies. Please review our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy  - by continuing you are accepting them. Click to close this message. 
 Log in 
 | 
 Join 
 
 
 Members home 
 Purpose and fulfilment 
 Finding and getting a new job 
 Self employment 
 Thrive at work 
 Organisational Renewal 
 Leadership & Team Coaching 
 Career Coaching 
 Outplacement 
 The Team 
 News 
 Contact us 
 
 The Value of a Career Coach 
 
 Make sure you have someone in your life from whom you can get reflective feedback." 
Warren G Bennis, President of the University of Cincinnati 
 
 There can be only one reason for not having a coach; not being able to afford one. It would, of course, be nonsensical to assume everyone has available cash to pay for a coach, career or otherwise. To a large extent, the role of coach is the basis for this website. Naturally, if any of our members wants additional, personal support it is available. 
 So, what areas can a coach participate? 
 
 Providing a fresh pair of eyes 
 Eliciting your sense of purpose and personal philosophy 
 Opening up an understanding of true aspirations 
 Investigating the value and merits of the current situation 
 Identifying the correct general direction 
 Creating the career path, possibly in the current organisation 
 Bringing clarity to the exercise 
 Helping to create deep focus and concentration 
 Developing personal confidence 
 Identifying areas for personal development and learning 
 Ensuring proper preparation (to prevent poor performance) PPPPP 
 Considering all aspects of selection, including interviews and assessments 
 
 Deciding whether to use a coach and how to use him or her, means investing in yourself. The key word is investing. Yes it costs money but the payback, both financially and emotionally, may be great if you fully participate. 
 Footer 
 About Work Horizons 
 At Work Horizons we are organisational renewal and career coaching specialists. Our employees and associates bring many years’ experience and a firm belief that sustainable success is built on employees and managers who have a clear sense of purpose, aligned with the values and goals of the organisation. 
 Meet the team  |  Statutory information 
 Recent news and commentary 
 Launch Event - Work Horizons Consultancy Practice 
 Paid internship - digital marketing and social media 
 Your chance to shine! A guide to virtual interviews 
 Welcome Aboard! 
 Sleep Your Way to the Top! 
 Contact us 
 Work Horizons is based in Birmingham, UK and we have partners delivering projects and supporting clients throughout the country. 
 You can reach us during UK working hours on  0121 663 1710 . During lockdown and social distancing we may answer a little more slower than usual, so for the fastest response please  contact us by email . 
 (C) Copyright 2016-2021 Work Horizons Limited 
