Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Chef Manager Remote Sites Manitoba (Job ID:83569001) 
 Sodexo Canada 
 __Winnipeg, MB 
 Apply Now 
 Grow your career with a company that shares your passion! Our Energy and Resources Division has an exciting new opportunity to join the Sodexo team as our next Chef Manager. This role will require you to work with a rotation of 21 days in camp/10 days out of camp. 
 Sodexo is the global leader in services that improve Quality of Life, an essential factor in individual and organizational performance. Operating in 67 countries, we serve over 100 million consumers each day through our unique combination of services. We pride ourselves on being committed to the highest standard of Employment Equity and Diversity. By partnering with the Stop Hunger Foundation, we have dedicated ourselves to a corporate responsibility by fighting hunger worldwide. Start your journey with Sodexo, as we continue to grow across Canada! 
 How You’ll Make an Impact: 
· You will work a rotation in site of 21 days in camp – 10 days out 
· Manage a very busy kitchen team within a unionized environment 
· This role will require your strong knowledge and background working inventory and food service management. 
· You will drive a standard and consistency in food, food service delivery as well as foster a fun environment. 
· Working with your creativity, you will build and maintain a solid and mutually beneficial business relationship including: high levels of client and customer satisfaction and account retention; strong interpersonal relations; as well as foster a strong safety culture. 
 What You’ll Need to Succeed: 
2-4 years working with operations, finance, inventory, financial statements experience at the managerial/supervisory level 
Proven success in managing food services operations in a busy setting 
Effective oral and written communication skills are needed 
Red Seal Certified 
Strong ability to manage and promote a safe work environment and lead a safety culture 
Effective planning, organizing, and time management skills 
Excellent interpersonal skills 
Ability to select and develop people 
Ability to anticipate and solve problems 
 What Sodexo Can Offer You: 
· Flexible work environment 
· Competitive compensation & great employee benefits 
· Training and development programs 
· Countless opportunities for growth 
· Corporate responsibility & sustainability 
· Canada’s Top Employers for Young People 2019 
· Canada’s Best Employers by Forbes 2019 
· Diversity Inc. Top 50 employer 2019 
· And so much more! 
 Sodexo is committed to Employment Equity and Diversity. We do not discriminate against any employee or applicant for employment because of national origin, race, religion, ethnic group, age, disability, gender, sexual preference, sexual or gender identity, status as a veteran or any other federal, provincial or local protected class. 
 We welcome and encourage applications from people with disabilities. Accommodation is available on request from candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. 
 Thank you for your interest in Sodexo. 
Please note that only those candidates under consideration will be contacted. 
 Follow us on social media to see first-hand what we are all about! 
Instagram: @SodexoCanadaCareers 
Twitter: @SodexoJobsCA 
LinkedIn: Sodexo Canada Careers 
Facebook: Sodexo CA Jobs 
 Job Type: Fly-In/Fly-Out 
 Salary: $60,000.00-$65,000.00 per year 
 Benefits: 
 
 Dental care 
 Extended health care 
 Life insurance 
 Paid time off 
 RRSP match 
 Vision care 
 Wellness program 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 10 hour shift 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Financial Management, Budget Management, P/L statement: 2 years (Required) 
 Chef Management : 4 years (Required) 
 Staff Management : 4 years (Required) 
 Red Seal Chef : 4 years (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
