  Prinzo & Associates LLC  "Helping Clients Since 1991" 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
 Home  › Posts tagged jobs 
 Blog Archives 
 Americans Feel More Pressured by Job Competition Now—And They Like It 
 Posted on  March 24, 2016  by  Prinzo and Associates LLC  --  Leave a comment 
   
 Fortune 53m ago pubdesk After the mass layoffs that plagued the financial recession, Americans have entered an era that seems even more threatening to their job stability: the creation of robots, outsourcing to other nations, a potential recession-all could lead… 
 Read more › 
 Tagged with:  american jobs ,  american workers ,  Americans ,  business ,  creation of robots ,  euphoric ,  feel better at work ,  financial recession ,  fortune ,  how to get a better job ,  how to get a promotion at work ,  how to raise at work ,  jobs ,  matt rayman ,  money ,  new jobs ,  pew research ,  pittsburgh ,  prinzo and associates ,  technology 
Posted in  America ,  Americans ,  business ,  economy ,  finance ,  job cuts ,  jobs ,  management ,  money ,  pittsburgh ,  robotics ,  success ,  technology ,  Uncategorized 
 These Are the Jobs With the Biggest Gender Pay Gaps 
 Posted on  March 23, 2016  by  Prinzo and Associates LLC  --  Leave a comment 
 Fortune 13m ago pay-gap Considering the push to get more women into tech, you might think companies would be throwing bushels of money at female computer programmers. But as it turns out, you’d be wrong. According to a study released… 
 Read more › 
 Tagged with:  equal pay ,  female computer programmers ,  glassdoor ,  jobs ,  jobs with biggest pay gaps ,  male programmers ,  matt rayman ,  pay gaps ,  pittsburgh ,  prinzo ,  prinzo and associates ,  what jobs have biggest pay gaps ,  women in tech 
Posted in  business ,  economy ,  finance ,  jobs ,  management ,  money ,  pittsburgh ,  success ,  Uncategorized 
 Calfrac Well Services Ltd cuts another 500 jobs from North American workforce 
 Posted on  March 3, 2016  by  Prinzo and Associates LLC  --  Leave a comment 
   
 Financial Post - Top Stories 8m ago layoffs-and-downsizing CALGARY — Calfrac Well Services Ltd. has cut another 500 jobs as gloom continues to linger over the oil and gas sector. The Calgary-based oilfield services firm says it now has 2,300… 
 Read more › 
 Tagged with:  500 jobs ,  barrels of oil ,  calfrac ,  canada ,  crude oil ,  frackers ,  fracking ,  job cuts ,  jobs ,  matt rayman ,  north america ,  oil ,  oil prices ,  oil production ,  oilwell ,  pittsburgh ,  prinzo and associates ,  united states 
Posted in  drilling ,  entreprenuer ,  finance ,  fracking ,  job cuts ,  management ,  mananging ,  money ,  Uncategorized 
 This is the only state losing a significant amount of jobs 
 Posted on  August 25, 2015  by  Prinzo and Associates LLC  --  Leave a comment 
   
 clairegroden • #pubdesk • 5m ago  https://wordpress.com/read/post/feed/21686082/788781753  West Virginia is the only state that experienced a statistically significant decrease in employment in the year ending July 2015, according to a release from the Bureau of Labor Statistics. The state lost about 19,100… 
 Read more › 
 Tagged with:  coal ,  coal industry ,  job loss ,  job losses ,  jobs ,  states for jobs ,  west virginia ,  west virginia university 
Posted in  Uncategorized 
 Contact 
 3402 Washington Road 
 724-942-3622 
 Monday - Friday 9a-5p 
 Like us on Facebook! 
 
 Like us on Facebook! 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 8 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
 
 (C) 2021  Prinzo & Associates LLC 
 ↑ 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
