  
 Post jobs for free with one click to top job boards 
 Post this Account Supervisor ad 
 with a free trial of Workable 
 Post a job right now 
 When you submit your job ad below, we’ll post it to multiple free job sites, all at once. 
 Review applications and schedule interviews 
 View all of your candidates on your Workable hiring dashboard and move them through your pipeline quickly. 
 Evaluate and hire candidates 
 Work with your team to determine who’s best, then make an offer. 
 **Powered by Workable  ** 
 Workable is a hiring platform that gets companies from requisition to offer letter, faster. We’ll help you find great candidates, decide who’s best and automate the process along the way. 
 Step 1 - Tell us about your company 
 Who’s hiring? Enter your details below: 
 First name 
 Last name 
 Email 
 Using a non-company email might delay the verification of your account and publication of your jobs. 
 Company name 
 Company url 
 Company phone 
 This information is required to submit your job to the following job boards: 
 
 Indeed 
 LinkedIn 
 Monster Controlled Listings 
 Google for Jobs 
 Glassdoor 
 Facebook Jobs 
 Trovit 
 Recruitnet 
 JobisJob 
 National Labor Exchange (NLx) 
 Careerjet 
 Jooble 
 Resume Library 
 Livecareer 
 Jobcase 
 ZipRecruiter 
 Workable 
 
 There is no charge to post this job, and you can withdraw the post at any time. 
 Step 2 - Customize your job post 
 Looking for: 
 
 Title 
 
 in 
 
 
 Location 
 
 
 Description 
 
 
 We are looking for an Account Supervisor to lead our account team and oversee our clients’ marketing campaigns and plans. In this role, you should be an excellent communicator and effective leader who can supervise multiple programs and team members. If you also have a solid background in account management and advertising, we’d like to meet you. Your goal will be to ensure high-quality service to our clients and that our account department runs smoothly and profitably.   Responsibilities     Lead account executives and account representatives   Allocate new accounts and tasks to team members   Monitor team performance and give guidance when needed   Provide strategic insight to clients’ programs   Oversee execution, analysis and optimization of marketing plans   Communicate with clients daily to ensure satisfaction   Review recommendations for ad and communication campaigns   Manage accounts’ financial aspects (budgets, contracts, fees etc.)   Report on activities and accounts   
 
 Requirements 
 
   Proven experience as an Account Supervisor   Solid account management and customer service experience   Experience in project management   Familiarity with budgeting and reporting   Knowledge of online marketing and advertising   Proficient in MS Office and social media   Excellent communication skills   Outstanding organizational abilities   Strategic thinking   BSc/BA in Marketing, Communications or a related field   
 Yes, I’d like to receive new resources like tutorials, templates and the latest hiring advice, and hear about Workable events. (You can opt out at any time.) 
 View our  privacy policy . 
 What happens next? 
 WE’LL REVIEW YOUR JOB POST 
 After posting your job, our expert support team will review it to make sure it’s optimized for top performance. If we have any recommendations, we’ll email them to you. 
 WE’LL LET YOU KNOW WHEN IT’S APPROVED 
 Typically, it takes 12-24 hours for job boards to approve a posting. No need to keep hitting refresh — we’ll email you as soon as it’s approved! 
   
 
   
   
   
   
 
 [ ]: Required 
