Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Client Partner, Canada - Insurance 
 Cognizant Technology Solutions 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Insurance - Client 
Partner -1 (CP-1) – Canada Region 
 The 
Opportunity 
 Cognizant’s 
Insurance (INS) Vertical is seeking a Client Partners (CP-1) in Canada region 
to be actively involved in continuing to grow our Insurance footprint and 
assist the Senior Client Partner (CP) in growing key Insurance accounts. In 
this role, the CP-1 will balance client/project responsibilities with business 
development and sales responsibilities including identifying, qualifying and 
closing new business opportunities. The position also requires working with and 
leveraging a top-notch client management and consulting team. The individual 
will be responsible for overseeing high quality delivery while developing 
strategies and tactics for further penetrating the account and cross selling 
CTS’s emerging services. The CP will support the Senior CP in achieving 
“trusted advisor” status and have a mix of strategic and tactical management 
experience. 
 Responsibilities 
 § Market Leadership:  creates sales strategies and plan 
for the Senior Client Partners review and for its incorporation into the 
broader client strategy and plan. 
 § Relationship Management:  executes and manages the account 
plan under the guidance of the Client Partner. Invests time in strengthening 
existing client relationships. Participates in reviews and provides educated 
and relevant perspectives 
 § Business Development:  responds to and deliver on client 
requests; responds to RFP’s. Identifies opportunities, makes proactive 
proposals to client in line with account strategy. Obtains the approvals to 
pursue opportunities. Engage the relevant team for solutions. 
 § In collaboration with Insurance vertical team and or other 
 horizontals: 
o 
Proactively propose/recommend 
solutions that are aligned with business priorities, receive buy-in and are 
delivered effectively and efficiently. 
 o 
Identify short-term change 
initiatives (“quick wins”) in close cooperation with business and technology 
leadership, in order to help bolster long term partnership 
 § Responsible for the day-to-day management of overall 
relationships in his/her area, program risks, issues, conflicts, priorities, 
communications ensuring the delivery of new capabilities. 
 The 
individual needs to have had a strong pedigree of managing similar 
relationships and having grown them in previous roles. The individual will be 
 expected to: 
Drive net new revenue and profitable 
growth of the account relationship. 
 Review the performance 
metrics of the account with the delivery, operations and finance teams on 
regular basis. 
Be part of senior 
management reviews for the performance metrics of the account 
relationship. 
Collaborate with multiple 
service lines, innovation teams and business teams in Cognizant to 
formulate a business plan and execute it for the account 
relationship. 
 · 
Respond to and deliver on client requests; 
responds to large RFP’s by working with Senior Client Partner and other service 
line leads. 
 · 
Identifies opportunities, makes proactive 
proposals to client in line with account strategy. Obtains the approvals to 
pursue opportunities. Engage the relevant team for solutions. 
 Have regular meetings and 
interface with the customer decision makers and influencers. 
Be responsible for 
execution and customer satisfaction in all the revenue portfolios within 
the account. 
Identify and forge partnerships and 
tap into existing alliance partnerships of Cognizant to grow the account. 
Develop strong working relationships 
with senior leaders across all LoBs for the client 
Assist the Cognizant teams to 
penetrate and diversify sources of revenue with the client 
Ability to bring together Insurance 
domain knowledge to create and propose solutions in both business & technology 
 In addition, the 
 qualified candidate should possess the following: 
Past experience managing a client P&L of at least $10+ 
million dollars, including reporting and metric assessment for the 
account. 
 · 
A minimum of 10-12 
years of experience in a client facing role or account leadership role in the 
IT professional services or management consulting firm with 5 – 8 yrs in 
Insurance industry ((Life, Annuities, Property & Casualty, Group, 
Retirement) preferred. 
 · 
Experience with account 
management/selling in the local Market in Canada 
 Understanding and thought leadership 
in technology, services and business trends their direct and indirect 
impacts on the outcomes of the customer and our organization 
A strong performance track record of 
managing different portfolios-ranging from sales, new sales, programs and managing 
existing business and their profitability. 
A strong relationship oriented bent of 
mind, demonstrated capabilities in building and sustaining CxO-1 
relationships and below. 
Experience of leading diverse teams, 
experience of cultivating and collaborating in a multi-cultural 
environment 
Must be able to navigate a large 
organization, work in a multi-dimensional matrix and have the power of persuasion 
through content and confidence 
Knowledge of value articulation principals include 
client ROI and appropriate storyboarding techniques. 
Knowledge of Client context and client engagement 
guidelines including organizational sensitivities to consistently look for 
new solutions. 
Bachelors or Master’s Degree. 
 Preferred Insurance Domain 
 Skills: 
The candidate must bring in experience, insight, and 
credibility across all LoBs in Insurance domain – Life & Annuities, Property 
& Casualty, Core, Retail and Insurance Operations. 
 Life & Annuities – Should have a solid 
understanding of all functions and processes, from distribution to 
claims. Should possess knowledge of solutions for L & A, Group and 
Retirement markets. 
Property & Casualty - Should be able to understand 
and recommend P&C solutions covering everything from distribution 
through underwriting relevant to client needs. 
Insurance Industry expertise in Underwriting 
Policy Administration and Claims preferred along with Technical depth 
with knowledge of RPA, Analytics, AI, Business Transformation Models, and 
Security 
 Strong domain knowledge including but not limited to 
Underwriting, Claims, Retirement and expertise in executing Digital themes 
in Insurance domain. 
Able to sell, mode of work in agile or scaled-agile 
framework and delivering business value on a continuous basis. 
Business process transformation experience focused on 
customer experience, simple solutions, and automation/efficiency 
Should be able to conceptualize, analyze, create 
blueprint for business transformations and present solutions in the 
insurance domain including systems modernization, conversion, and 
integrations. 
Candidates must have a proven record of building and 
maintaining long-term relationships at senior / CXO-1 levels and below. 
They must be comfortable presenting to senior executives, and senior 
business and technology leaders, and must be persuasive and influential. 
 Technical Skills SNo Primary Skill Proficiency Level * Rqrd./Dsrd. 1 Account Management Skills NA Required 2 OIPA Architecture PL4 Required 3 Psft- Project Portfolio Mgmt PL4 Required 
 
 Proficiency Legends Proficiency Level Generic Reference PL1 The associate has basic awareness and comprehension of the skill and is in the process of acquiring this skill through various channels. PL2 The associate possesses working knowledge of the skill, and can actively and independently apply this skill in engagements and projects. PL3 The associate has comprehensive, in-depth and specialized knowledge of the skill. She / he has extensively demonstrated successful application of the skill in engagements or projects. PL4 The associate can function as a subject matter expert for this skill. The associate is capable of analyzing, evaluating and synthesizing solutions using the skill. 
 
 Employee Status :  Full Time Employee 
 Shift :  Day Job 
 Travel :  No 
 Job Posting :  Jul 30 2019 
 About Cognizant Cognizant (Nasdaq-100:  CTSH) is one of the world's leading professional services companies, transforming clients' business, operating and technology models for the digital era. Our unique industry-based, consultative approach helps clients envision, build and run more innovative and efficient businesses. Headquartered in the U.S., Cognizant is ranked 193 on the Fortune 500 and is consistently listed among the most admired companies in the world. Learn how Cognizant helps clients lead with digital at www.cognizant.com or follow us @Cognizant. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
