Witch on a Bicycle 
 I'm building a car from scratch with zero budget, watch me go insane 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About Gigi 
 About Opus 
 Character backstory: The Old Man 
 My life as a standup comedy routine 
 Origin story, but superhero or supervillain? 
 Quill Quester's continuing story 
 Spelling it out: Hit-from-behind and intersection wreck avoidance protocols 
 The Gay Marriage Challenge 
 The Gigi story 
 
   
 Tag Archives: bicycles are job creators 
 I spent 3 hours paying the storage unit fee, and the Feed 
 Posted on  January 6, 2015  |  Leave a comment 
 I had to pay the rent on the storage unit today, which is a pain now that I can't ride my bike there and back. The place is only just over a mile and a quarter away which is a bit too far for my bum leg to walk there and back. So I had to take the bus downtown then catch the bus to the storage unit which ended up taking twice as long as it would to just walk there. I was going to catch the bus back downtown and then the other bus from downtown back home, but the receipt for the payment took too long to print out and while it was printing the bus back downtown went by, so I walked home instead. My leg was complaining the last half mile, but I walked home 15 minutes faster than I would have left the station had I caught the bus. So I swapped pain for time today. 
 Up first, was this a loss or a gain for music?  BONO SAYS HE MAY NEVER PLAY GUITAR AGAIN AFTER BICYCLE ACCIDENT  Not impugning Bono's guitar work, he's just not the lead guitar player for U2. Bono is a great human being, and I loved "Sunday, Bloody Sunday". 
 That video of the bike flipping end over end from last week now has some commentary from the rider that went ass over teakettle.  'This is going to hurt': Byron Bay cyclist talks through spectacular crash  Like I said last week, I hope someone sends this in to the Mythbusters. 
 A Lifestyle story from MD.  Hundreds of cyclists ride to honor Thomas Palermo  and  Popular cyclist mourned as donations arrive for children  This was the cyclist killed by a hit-and-run driver with previous DUI convictions. 
 One major component of bicycle infrastructure is having a place to park your bike after you get to your destination.  Grant will add bike racks in Springfield  I wonder how many grants are required to install car parking? 
 How would you like this as a T-shirt?  http://bicyclinghub.com/blog/new-tshirt-design-cycling-habbit/ 
 Our Daily Ted.  Morning Links: Finish the Ride gets bigger for 2015; support the revised Beverly Hills Greenway on Tuesday 
 If you have been contemplating a wearable video camera…  NARRATIVE CLIP 2 
 Here's one way of getting rid of an idiot.  Australia's PM Tony Abbott told to get off his bike - by his doctor  Keep him from exercising, so he dies from heart disease or diabetes. 
 And those were all the links I could find today. 
 Billed @€0.02, Opus the Poet 
 Leave a comment 
 Posted in  Daily Feed 
 Tagged  bicycle infrastructure ,  bicycle parking ,  bicycles are job creators ,  bike cameras ,  bono ,  Daily Ted ,  how do you kill an idiot? ,  mythbusters ,  T shirt ,  Thomas Palermo ,  video cameras ,  wearable camera 
 I'm really tired of seeing the same links 4 times a day, and the Feed 
 Posted on  December 10, 2014  |  Leave a comment 
 Yep, getting really tired of seeing the same links 4 times in the Feed for one day, especially when they were there 4 times yesterday. And I'm really frustrated when they are wreck links, because I really really stopped doing wrecks here last month. I have seen the same links to a wreck in Lubbock at least 6 times, and maybe 4 more times from another media outlet in Lubbock. And the only witness to the wreck was the driver of the weapon vehicle, as the cyclist died at the scene… so naturally the cyclist was at fault for the wreck. But I don't do wrecks any more so I will put those links out of my mind… 
 Up first, did you know cycling made more jobs in Europe than cars?  Cycling is a bigger job creator in Europe than anything we are doing here in America  Oh yeah, also than anything in the US. Sorry 'bout that, chief. And pop culture bonus points for knowing where that came from, and who played the "Chief" referred to. 
 Our Daily Ted.  Morning Links: The Times looks at the need for real bike data; and a crowded weekend calendar of bike events 
 A link that also appears in the Daily Ted, if you don't know what the numbers were before, how do you know you made an improvement after?  Getting a firm grasp on L.A.'s bicycling data 
 This is a little dense reading but worth the time.  Systematic review and meta-analysis of reduction in all-cause mortality from walking and cycling and shape of dose response relationship  tl;dr: Active transportation infrastructure saves lives and money at a far faster rate than the money spent for it. 
 Tone deaf PSA from major metropolitan transit agency times 3.  MTA Warns Cyclists Not To Crash Into Buses  Considering the number of cyclists injured running into the backs of buses = 0, number killed by right hooks = unknown because transit agency will not allow numbers to be released; this is beyond tone deaf. As called out in this  tweet 
 As if anyone needed an excuse to heat up the car-bike conflicts  anywhere .  Hamilton car-bike conflict heats up after cyclist charged in collision 
 Paris is starting to get a handle on what is causing their air pollution.  Paris plans to ban cars from its city center 
 Other parts of France don't seem to have as great a grasp of reality.  France plans crackdown on rogue cyclists  Is it just me or do the English news outlets in France have pretty much the same anti-cyclist bias as the majority of media outlets in most Anglophone countries? 
 And those were all the links I could stomach reading to use to create a link here. 
 Billed @€0.02, Opus the unkillable badass Poet 
 Answer to pop culture question:  Get Smart  Edward Platt 
 Leave a comment 
 Posted in  Daily Feed 
 Tagged  air pollution ,  anti-bike blatherings ,  bicycle infrastructure ,  bicycles are job creators ,  can you top this ,  cycling life ,  Daily Ted ,  data ,  France ,  infrastructure ,  Paris ,  stupid politicians ,  unkillable badass 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 1,267 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
 
 
 
 January 2021 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 
 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 
 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 
 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 31 
 
 
 
 « Dec 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 BicycleLaw the blog 
 BikePortland 
 BikinginLA 
 DFW Point to Point 
 Drunk Cyclist 
 Mad Blog Media 
 mtb law girl 
 WordPress.com 
 WordPress.org 
 
 
 
 hangouts 
 
 A warning to the human race 
 As diseases go Friendship is pretty good 
 Coffee-powered Superhero! 
 Droid for the win 
 Help Desk 
 RBENT 
 Rule of Three 
 Sandra and Woo 
 Something Positive 
 Times Like This 
 User Friendly 
 Wapsi Square 
 Why bloggers will never take over the world 
 Yehuda Moon and the Kickstand Cyclery 
 Yield To Life 
 
 
 
 Useful places 
 
 A view from the cycle path 
 E-bikes.ca 
 
 
 
 Email Subscription 
 
 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 1,267 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 
 Buy me a Ko-fi 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
