
 
 Menu Skip to content 
 
 Blog 
 Gyanesh Chaudhary 
 Gallery 
 
 Search 
 Search for: 
 solar jobs 
 Exorcism of Unemployment- Switching to Solar 
 February 9, 2019  /  gyaneshchaudhary  /  Leave a comment 
 Current progress in India indicates incredible growth in business and industry development, testified by the country’s acquirement of 77th position On World Bank's Ease Of Doing  Business  Report from 126th rank in 2016. However, factoring in 6.1% (NSSO data) current unemployment rate it is important to note that unemployment in the country is surging faster than development and job creation. Improving functionalities and inner mechanisms through policy reformations have done a great job in India, but as a scenario indicates, the country needs a saviour to significantly increase job development. 
 Continue reading -> 
 Solar Skill Development in India: A Necessity to Sustain Progressive Growth 
 April 17, 2018  /  gyaneshchaudhary  /  Leave a comment 
 Global solar industry has grown immensely within last couple of years. In 2017, China added 52 GW of new solar installations, while US installed 12.5 GW, India ~6 GW, Japan 5.8 GW, Germany 2.2 GW, taking respective positions as World’s leading solar countries. 
 Government of India has made huge strides to solarize the country. However, efforts are sure to come up short if one of the most important component of growth ‘manpower’ is not enhanced to shoulder the new responsibilities. 
 Current Scenario 
 It is important to note, that more than 200 million people in India still live without electricity, and since India’s solar mission is directed towards providing power for all, while benefiting from green energy transition, solar skill development efforts have to match or even surpass the solarisation goals. 
 Unemployment is a growing issue that is threatening to undone world’s efforts at transforming the socio-economic structure, in hopes of a better and sustainable future. And since India has 600 million people (more than half of its population) under 25 years, the country needs to make better and faster efforts at creating jobs. Fortunately solar has presented the solution with ease. 
 Solar industry has created  103,000  jobs in India till December 2017 and 1,017,800 jobs are expected be created within 2022. And not just in India- 
 
 In US, solar energy is creating 13.7 jobs per million dollars spent, surpassing fossil fuels (coal, oil, natural gas) as it creates 12.1 jobs per million spent. 
 Brazil has hopes of creating 60,000 to 90,000 new jobs by the year 2018. 
 European Union is expected to create +1.25 million economy-wide renewable energy jobs by 2030, reducing 40% greenhouse gas emissions. 
 Mexico is expected to create +134,000 jobs in renewable energy sector by 2030. 
 United Kingdom can create +70,000 net employment in renewable energy by 2030. 
 Renewable energy is expected to create 24 million jobs by 2030 globally. 
 
 Therefore, it is apparent that investing in solar skill development will solve the unemployment problem, while aligning India’s solar mission with a talented resource pool to complete it. 
 Government Initiatives are here but So are Challenges 
 Government of India properly understands the requirements at hand, and they have taken initiatives to build a capable work force. The Ministry of Skill Development and Entrepreneurship (MSDE) has worked towards to create qualification standards to create more green energy work force. 
 The Ministry of New and Renewable Energy (MNRE) has also made efforts to incorporate green energy education in various formal and in-formal training outfits. MNRE has also partnered with the United States to develop Solar Energy Training Network (SETNET), to make solar training programs in India more robust. 
 However, there are bureaucratic hurdles that limit the interaction between training institutes and industry. This is creating a huge gap between the demand and the available skilled resources. Besides the training systems currently are more focused towards theoretical understanding of different stages of solar development and lack of practical know how. 
 Additionally, high training cost also stands as a road block to quicker solar skill development. 
 Remedy to the Problems 
 
 Education Should Be Comprehensive  : while establishing new training programs and policies, Government of India should also focus on the coursework and make sure that it is industry focused and has substantial practical training processes. Government should arrange access to domestic solar manufacturers and EPC solution providers to the students, to allow them hands on practical knowledge on various solar development processes. 
 Establishing Training Institutions  : Policy makers need to mandate at least one solar training institute in every state to support state wise solar growth. And locations of these institutes should be identified through advertisement to raise awareness. 
 Training Standardization and Certification  : Training curricula should be standardized and certified to produce skilled resources, who can be easily hired across state lines. 
 Reduction of Training Cost  : Due to the solar boom and world wide acceptance of solar, demand for skilled solar employees is incredibly high in India. And so is the training cost. Government needs to reduce this cost or offer flexible education loans to encourage students into selecting Solar as a career. 
 Utilizing International Platforms  : India’s National Institute of Solar Energy (NISE), should utilize international platforms like ISA, to get acquainted with international best practices to develop skills. 
 
 Way Forward 
 India needs 1,116,400 skilled professionals in solar manufacturing, design, construction, maintenance, business development, and commissioning to reach its 100 GW by 2022 target. And although, India has shown incredible growth in solarisation, more focus is needed to boost solar skill development to reach the targets in sight. Otherwise the country may come up short in realizing its goals, which are suspected to transform the country. 
 https://www.theguardian.com/commentisfree/2018/jan/13/india-600-million-young-people-world-cities-internet 
 https://timesofindia.indiatimes.com/city/madurai/By-2020-India-will-have-the-largest-young-workforce/articleshow/51368384.cms 
 https://www.firstpost.com/india/india-worlds-largest-youth-population-well-ahead-china-un-report-1808537.html 
 https://www.thenational.ae/business/economy/industry-relevant-skill-training-on-the-rise-in-india-1.678584 
 http://ceew.in/pdf/CEEW-NRDC-Filling-the-Solar-Skill-Gap-Report%2012Feb16.pdf 
 https://www.nrdc.org/experts/anjali-jaiswal/what-skills-are-demand-grow-indias-solar-energy-market 
 http://www.thehindu.com/news/cities/Delhi/programme-to-train-future-solar-energy-technicians/article8236124.ece 
 http://vikaspedia.in/energy/policy-support/renewable-energy-1/suryamitra-skill-development-programme 
 http://www.skillreporter.com/2017/12/news/other-minstries/national-institute-solar-energy-nise-organize-skill-development-program-solar-pv-system-design-using-pvsyst-pvsol-software/ 
 Share your thoughts with me on this at @gyaneshc . 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Why Leaders Should Focus On Teams' Growth? 
 Clean Energy can Support India's Economic Recovery through COVID-19 
 If You Can't Go OUTSIDE, Go INSIDE 
 Transforming the word “Crisis”: From Negative to Positive 
 Finding Path Through Crisis 
 Obstacle is the way 
 Making Yourself Matter in This Crisis 
 COVID-19: The Possible Bright Future Behind Dark Clouds 
 The Strength of Human Will 
 The Govt Urgently Needs To Wipe Out Risks Associated With Investing In India 
 
 Tags 
 achievement   anti-dumping   As A Man Thinketh   Book Review   business   challenges   classic   clean energy   Climate Change   confidence   decision-making   DISCOMS   domestic manufacturing   economy   energy   Entrepreneurship   environment   Environmental Well-being   failure   foreign investment   fossil fuel   fossil fuels   goals   going green   green energy   growth   habits   India   Indian Government   Indian Solar Industry   Indian Solar Sector   infrastructure   inspiration   James Allen   knowledge   Leadership   learning   lifestyle   Make In India   MNRE   modern man   module imports   Motivation   Narendra Modi   natural resources   opportunity   permanence   pervasiveness   policies   realisation   Renewable energy   sacrifce   self-evaluation   self-help   social awareness   solar development   Solar energy   solar energy targets   solar equipment   Solar Industry   solar installation   solar manufacturing   solar module dumping   solar modules   solar park   solar parks   Solar Policies   solar power   solar PV   Solar Technology   strategy   success   sustainability   technology   willpower 
 Tags 
 achievement   anti-dumping   As A Man Thinketh   Book Review   business   challenges   classic   clean energy   Climate Change   confidence   decision-making   DISCOMS   domestic manufacturing   economy   energy   Entrepreneurship   environment   Environmental Well-being   failure   foreign investment   fossil fuel   fossil fuels   goals   going green   green energy   growth   habits   India   Indian Government   Indian Solar Industry   Indian Solar Sector   infrastructure   inspiration   James Allen   knowledge   Leadership   learning   lifestyle   Make In India   MNRE   modern man   module imports   Motivation   Narendra Modi   natural resources   opportunity   permanence   pervasiveness   policies   realisation   Renewable energy   sacrifce   self-evaluation   self-help   social awareness   solar development   Solar energy   solar energy targets   solar equipment   Solar Industry   solar installation   solar manufacturing   solar module dumping   solar modules   solar park   solar parks   Solar Policies   solar power   solar PV   Solar Technology   strategy   success   sustainability   technology   willpower 
 
 
 
 January 2021 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 
 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 
 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 
 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 31 
 
 
 
 « Dec 
 Tags 
 achievement   anti-dumping   As A Man Thinketh   Book Review   business   challenges   classic   clean energy   Climate Change   confidence   decision-making   DISCOMS   domestic manufacturing   economy   energy   Entrepreneurship   environment   Environmental Well-being   failure   foreign investment   fossil fuel   fossil fuels   goals   going green   green energy   growth   habits   India   Indian Government   Indian Solar Industry   Indian Solar Sector   infrastructure   inspiration   James Allen   knowledge   Leadership   learning   lifestyle   Make In India   MNRE   modern man   module imports   Motivation   Narendra Modi   natural resources   opportunity   permanence   pervasiveness   policies   realisation   Renewable energy   sacrifce   self-evaluation   self-help   social awareness   solar development   Solar energy   solar energy targets   solar equipment   Solar Industry   solar installation   solar manufacturing   solar module dumping   solar modules   solar park   solar parks   Solar Policies   solar power   solar PV   Solar Technology   strategy   success   sustainability   technology   willpower 
 Blog Archives 
 
 December 2020 
 July 2020 
 June 2020 
 April 2020 
 January 2020 
 December 2019 
 August 2019 
 July 2019 
 June 2019 
 May 2019 
 April 2019 
 March 2019 
 February 2019 
 January 2019 
 December 2018 
 November 2018 
 October 2018 
 August 2018 
 July 2018 
 June 2018 
 May 2018 
 April 2018 
 March 2018 
 February 2018 
 January 2018 
 December 2017 
 November 2017 
 October 2017 
 September 2017 
 August 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 1,237 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Start a Blog at WordPress.com . 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
