We use cookies to personalize content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyze our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners who may combine it with other information that you’ve provided to them or that they’ve collected from your use of their services. You consent to our cookies if you continue to use our website. View our updated  Cookies & Privacy Policy  to learn more. 
 I Agree 
 
 
  workforolympia.com  
 
 
  __Who We Are 
 
 
  __Career Path 
 
 
  __Awards & Accolades  
 
 
  __Jobs 
 
 
  Privacy Policy  
 
 
  Contact Us  
 
 
  theolympiacompanies.com  
   
  Search Jobs  
 Sous Chef 
 Gorham, NH 
 About the Property 
 The Notch Grille, our full-service, and family-centric restaurant features your favorite North Country comfort foods – with a twist. Offering breathtaking views of Mount Washington, The Notch Grille is proud to support our local farms, breweries, and distilleries – including our own private label vodka made at Tamworth Distilling. 
 In addition to our full-service bar and restaurant, The Glen House features flexible indoor and outdoor meeting and event space that can accommodate up to 150 people. 
 To join our team, please complete the below employment form. 
 Job Description 
 Skills Required 
 Core Skills: 
 
 Leadership  – ability to effectively motivate, mentor, coach & counsel others to perform well (including appropriate documentation) 
 Customer Service  – deliver hospitable service that is attentive, friendly, efficient and courteous; demonstrate patience, tact and diplomacy 
 People Skills  – ability to collaborate, create rapport, and work effectively with others 
 Communication Skills  – ability to effectively listen & communicate professionally, both verbally and in writing 
 Problem-Solving & Analytical   Skills  – ability to identify the issue, collect and analyze information to understand the problem and effectively resolve. Identify, recommend, and implement best practices 
 Judgment & Discretion  – appropriately handle confidential and sensitive information 
 Organizational & Time Management Skills  – ability to appropriately schedule time to meet job demands, multi-task, prioritize, follow through, and work efficiently with limited supervision 
 Aptitude & Adaptability  – ability to learn quickly and adapt to changing priorities and business needs 
 Composure  – ability to maintain composure and work under pressure, managing stress to meet business demands (Calmly handle all customer and employee interactions & issues) 
 Attention to Detail  – ability to follow instructions and achieve thoroughness and accuracy when accomplishing tasks 
 Computer skills/ Technical Aptitude  – proficiency in computer technology, i.e. e-mail, MS Word, Excel, & other hotel related systems. Utilize technology to enhance organizational efficiency 
 Training  – ability to share knowledge and act as a resource in teaching others to perform tasks efficiently and safely 
 
 Technical Skills: 
 
 Must have strong Culinary/cooking skills - skilled in different styles of cooking 
 Food cost analysis, i.e., knowledge of food ordering, inventories, labor control 
 Thorough knowledge and understanding of kitchen equipment use and operation 
 Knife skills, grill, broiler, sauté and Expediter skills; garde manger experience 
 Financial understanding in food costs and minimizing waste in the kitchen 
 
 Experience / Education:  **** 
 Minimum 2 years’ of high volume kitchen management; catering/banquet experience, management or previous supervisory experience in food and beverage operations preferred; Culinary degree desirable or equivalent combination of education and work; previous experience with employee coaching and counselling as well as documentation; experience with documenting and enforcing food safety procedures and workplace safety procedures, as well as purchasing, receiving and inventory control. Serve Safe Certification and Allergy Awareness Training strongly preferred. 
 Physical Demands: 
 Work is performed in a hotel environment; this position is physically demanding as it requires extended periods of walking, standing, bending, and lifting up to 50 pounds. Moderate levels of computer keying using both hands and viewing material on a computer screen. Requires flexible working hours including nights and weekends; Extended workdays may be required to accomplish tasks and meet workload demands during peak periods. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. 
 
 Location 
 The Notch Grille 
979 NH Rt 16 
Gorham NH, 03581 
 603-466-3420 
 Job Overview 
 TITLE:  Sous Chef 
 DEPARTMENT:  Food & Beverage 
 FT/PT:  Part Time 
 __   Download Job Listing 
 Apply Now 
 To apply for this job, please use the form below 
 Email * 
 Name * 
 Phone Number 
 Message * 
 Resume 
 Please upload your resume here. Allowed files: .doc, .docx, .pdf. 
 Are You Human? * 
