
 Minjal's Musings 
 …on design, life, etc. 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 
 Category Archives: career 
 After my first internship… 
 Posted on  May 31, 2012  by  Minjal 
 
 As you might know from reading a bit about my background, I have a business background that is fairly analytical. While Finance turned out to be the wrong career choice for me, my experience at Asia Society helped me learn something important about myself:  I am happiest working when I am using both sides of my brain. 
 I started Pratt under the assumption that I would eventually seek a role that required both analytical and creative thinking. But after a few classes, the right side of my brain was raring to go after resting for so long. That and being surrounded by incredibly talented designers and artists made me want to see if I too could do well in a purely design role. I now know what the answer is – probably not. 
 But there is a certain amount of pride I feel to know that I had a strong enough portfolio to have gotten a design internship in the first place, given I had never even used Adobe Illustrator before design school. And in going own the career path, it's just  as important  to understand what you  don 't want  to do as it is to know  what you want  to do. 
 I have now worked at both ends of the extreme – finance and design. I think this puts me closer to where I want to be, which is in the middle. Hopefully. 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  career  |   Leave a comment 
 My time at Asia Society 
 Posted on  May 26, 2012  by  Minjal 
   
   
   
   
   
 I wanted to regularly update this blog with my internship experience, but classes and working have kept me so busy that my very first design internship has already come to an end, and this is my first post about it! 
 My six month internship at  Asia Society  of  New York  started last September and ended last month. As part of the Marketing & Design department, I worked on designing both print (advertisements, invitations, signage, and web banners) and digital (web banners, exhibition websites) collateral for exhibitions, events, and gift shop promotions. I also got to indulge my inner-photographer when I was asked to take pictures a few exhibitions to submit to the press (including the New York Times!). Everyone in the department was friendly, especially the talented designer who I worked under. It was extremely gratifying to see my work on display and sent out in the world. And I absolutely loved working in an environment surrounded by art and culture. How many people can check out  Buddhist sculptures  from the 4th century BCE during their lunch break? 
 During my time here, I learned how to create and carry out a a cohesive brand identity across different media, spaces and sizes. A new exhibition opening required designing everything from small dinner invitations, large window signage, and even bigger (eight feet long!) fabric banners that were hung high up at the Park Avenue entrance. Part of the design process included collaborating with the exhibition designers to collaborate on colors and typefaces. I accompanied the designer on press checks where I picked up a lot of useful information on proofing and color management, that is going to be very helpful for my classes. It was these types of real-world experiences that I really appreciated, because up until then, I had only done design work for school. Some of the work I did fo the Asia Society can be found on  my portfolio . 
 My thoughts on career-related matters next… 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Pocket (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  branding ,  career ,  exhibition design  |   Leave a comment 
 Type, hit enter 
 Search 
 Minjal 
 I'm a recent graduate of Pratt Institute's Master's in Design program who left behind a career on Wall St. to pursue a lifelong love of art, design and all things creative. When I started grad school (and this blog), I had no idea where I was going to end up – thrilling and terrifying at the same time. 
 Now that I have a degree and a few internships/freelance positions under my belt, I've learned that I work best when I get to be both analytical and creative, so I'm searching for opportunities in strategy. I'll be posting here as I figure things out. Enjoy! 
 Me on the Web 
 
 LinkedIn 
 My Photography 
 My Portfolio 
 Pinterest 
 
 Musings On 
 architecture   branding   career   color   digital   environmental design   exhibition design   fashion   fine art   food   graphic design   health   history   information design   inspiration   interaction design   interior design   photography   product design   psychology   public art   strategy   technology   thesis   thoughts 
 Design Faves 
 
 Apartment Therapy 
 Brand New 
 Design Observer 
 Design*Sponge 
 Good 
 Grain Edit 
 ILT 
 Ministry of Type 
 Quipsologies 
 The 99% 
 The Dieline 
 WLT 
 
 Good Information 
 
 BBC News 
 Bloomberg Businessweek 
 Business Insider 
 Google News 
 Mashable 
 The Economist 
 The New York Times 
 The Wall Street Journal 
 
 Follow this blog 
 Join 9 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Yes, please! 
 Archives 
 
 April 2013  (3) 
 March 2013  (3) 
 December 2012  (2) 
 November 2012  (1) 
 October 2012  (2) 
 September 2012  (1) 
 May 2012  (3) 
 March 2012  (5) 
 February 2012  (3) 
 January 2012  (1) 
 December 2011  (1) 
 October 2011  (2) 
 July 2011  (9) 
 June 2011  (2) 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
