  
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Boot Reviews 
 
 Concrete Floors 
 Boots for Construction 
 Waterproof Work Boots 
 Lightweight Designs 
 Slip On 
 Roofing Boots and Shoes 
 Work Boot Insoles 
 Lineman 
 
 
 
 Info Guides 
 
 Composite Toe VS Steel Toe 
 Most Comfortable Designs 
 Most Durable 
 Breaking in Work boots 
 Waterproofing Guide 
 How to Clean 
 How to Tie 
 
 
 
  Home -> 
 
 
 Information and 'How To' Guides 
 
 
  ->5 Seasonal Winter Jobs in the U.S 
 
 
  0   
 5 Seasonal Winter Jobs in the U.S 
 Seasonal jobs are a great CV-builder for students or those looking for more work experience  (not to mention earn good cash) . Some seasonal jobs can even lead to a full-time position in the future. But if you’re looking for a super fun way to spend the winter season, at home or away, working in holiday-season retail or shipping might not be your best bet. Instead, take a look at our top 5 countdown of the most fun seasonal winter jobs in the US. 
 Our Countdown For Winter Jobs in the U.S.A 
 5) Winter Resort Staff 
 Winter resorts need winter resort staff.  As we approach the  snow season , resorts across the US put out job adverts for a whole host of seasonal positions. Hotels need hospitality staff, porters and cleaners. Restaurants need cooks, waiters, and dishwashers. Family fun resorts need staff with experience in childcare and education and those gondolas and ski lifts won’t operate themselves! Ski resorts and the ski towns surrounding them sustain themselves year-round on the tourist dollars that come in during ski season. Start looking for a position that works for you at least a few months ahead. 
 4) Winter Camp Counsellor 
 Summer camp gets all the press but some organizations run camps during winter school break too. Winter camps take place in a variety of settings. Nature-oriented outdoor camps usually take place near mountain resorts and look for camp counselors with winter sports experience, and CPR and first aid training. One huge bonus of these sorts of winter camps is that they’re rarely residential. 
 You can run around in the snow all day with kids and return to the comfort of your own bed each night! Educational winter camps also take place in museums, art galleries, theatres and science centers, getting kids out of their usual school routine and into fun-based learning. If you have qualifications in any of these areas, a winter camp counselor position could be perfect for you. 
 3) Christmas Village Staff 
 Come wintertime, Father Christmas impersonators pop up everywhere. Every shopping mall has one, every department store and every tourist attraction. Where do they all come from? The truth is, most Father Christmases have a regular job they attend to all year round, without the white beard and red hat. Being Father Christmas is a great gig, especially if you love working with children and enjoy the opportunity to sit down at work. But Father Christmas doesn’t work alone. So even if you can’t quite pull off the Santa-look, you can still find seasonal employment as one of Santa’s elves or other minions. 
 2) Park Ranger or State Park Interpreter 
 The United States is home to more than 10,000 glorious state parks, welcoming over 800 million visitors each year. The best state parks don’t go to sleep in the winter, they continue welcoming intrepid explorers who happily accept lower winter temperatures to avoid busy summer crowds. America’s State Parks are a big employer and although competition for jobs is fierce, the benefits of are huge. Snagging a winter position as a state park interpreter or similar means enjoying a whole season of majestic views with only the most hardcore visitors to attend to. Check out parkranger.edu and the US National Park Service for opportunities. 
 Work Boots for this Winter Job 
 This is winter job where safety is paramount and will be a requirement for the job regardless of which cold climate you're going to be working in. Along with your park rangers outfit and other necessary gear to keep you safe you're going ot need  work boots to keep your feet safe and warm  in the cold conditions. You may need steel caps depending on the type of work you're doing but we also advise that you check out composite toes too as they don't conduct the cold temperatures as much as the steel will. 
 1) Ski Instructor 
 And the most fun seasonal winter job of them all? Of course, its a ski instructing! For those who can’t wait to get out on the hill as soon as the first powder settles, the idea of getting paid to ski sounds too good to be true. There are dozens of world-class ski resorts across the United States. From Sun Valley, Idaho to Whitefish, Montana to CN traveller’s 2018 favorite Telluride, Colorado, there are opportunities galore in the US for seasonal ski employment. 
 This is a job where you're going to have to have the best  winter clothes to keep warm.  Nothing would be worse than taking different groups of people out on the slopes day in and day out and freezing your toes off. 
 In order to work as a ski instructor in the United States, you will need a certification from the  PSIA-AASI . A level 1 certification will teach you all you need to know to instruct skiers on groomed runs, including basic technique and teaching methods. Once certified you’re ready to start job hunting. Take note of perks as well as salary. As many seasonal ski instructors will attest, a free ski pass, free accommodation and other perks are often more important than the advertised salary. 
 Related 
 
 April 15, 2019 
 Information and 'How To' Guides 
 
 Click Here to Leave a Comment Below 0 comments 
 Leave a Reply: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 7 Best Tactical Boots for Any Tough Job (2020) 
 The Future of Farm Work in America 
 Types of Farming in the US and Their Roles 
 Georgia Wellington Boot - Our Top Review 
 Best Farm Boots – Rubber and Leather Reviews 
 
 Facebook Page 
 
 Facebook Page 
 
 workgeared.com is a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com. That being said, we only recommend products that we believe will make your life more safe and comfortable. 
 Copyright disclaimer - 2020 Work Geared. All rights reserved. 
 
 About Us 
 Disclaimer Page 
 Sitemap 
 Privacy Policy 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright text 2018 by Rate Work Boots 
 We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok 
