Skip to content    
 Search for: 
 
 Anita Rodgers Mystery Writer 
 The Writing Life, Books, and Things That Make Me Go, "Ah" 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 About Me 
 My Books 
 Services - Freelance Copywriting 
 RESOURCES FOR WRITERS 
 
 Guest Posting on this blog 
 Never Forget 
 
 
 
 Search 
 career 
 How to Always be a Broke Writer 
 Posted on  June 2, 2013June 4, 2013  by  writerchick 
   
 Yep, that title is a shocker, ain’t it? But here’s the thing – in our industry we read a lot of articles. We want to know how those who came before us succeeded. 
 Maybe we try to emulate somebody who has broken in, or get all hopped up on the latest internet marketing approach to promoting our awesome services. 
 But what you don’t often read about is how to fail. 
 Now, why would knowing how to fail help you? 
 Good question. The short answer is so you know what not to do when you’re blazing the paths of freelance writer-dom. 
 And you might be surprised to see yourself on the following list: 
 
 Don’t specialize, be a jack of all trades and master of none . There are a lot of reasons this is a bad strategy. But the most compelling is that you’ll never be all things to all people. By specializing you have a smaller focus but a much chance at real targeted marketing. Plus you end up really good at something. Everybody loves that. Don’t get me wrong, I’m not telling you to turn down work that you can do and are happy to do. However, in terms of your business model and marketing, if you focus on your speciality and promote that you’re more likely to get the kind of clients you want doing the kind of work you are great at doing. 
 Be reactive.  Like it or not, you have a business. You may be the only employee and the only one producing your product or service but it’s still a business and should be run as one. Hanging around and waiting for your existing clients to give you more work is reactive. Be proactive, send out letters of introduction, list yourself in some directories, join the local Chamber of Commerce. Chances are, right now only you and a handful of people know what you can do. Don’t keep it a secret. 
 Don’t choose a business model.  In other words just go at your writing career willy-nilly and hope for the best. This will definitely keep you broke and require you pick up part-time jobs that don’t involve writing. A business model doesn’t have to be complex or fancy, it just has to be a specific approach that will advance your career. For example: Figure out who you’re going to write for, what type of writing you’ll provide, what your fees are and the way you’re going to promote your services. That of course is bare bones, but even bare bones is better than nothing. 
 Promote haphazardly . Now, I’m all for marketing and promoting and I’ve read, studied, listened to and used a bagillion different techniques for marketing. However, trying to run a website, a blog, Facebook page, twitter accounts, Google ads, banner ads, guest posting and free information products in order to saturate the market usually leads to you becoming a nervous wreck. While there may be a day when you can master all of the above and still have time to actually write – but for now, pick one channel of promotion that you can handle and is effective and stick to that. Your chances are much better for yielding a result. 
 Don’t promote or market.  This should be a no-brainer but you’d be shocked by how many writers don’t promote or market. They feel funny about singing their own praises or can’t be objective enough about their skills to even figure out what to say. But if you can’t figure out how to promote your services how do you think you’ll be able to do it for a client? Suck it up, get rid of the false modesty and do a real assessment of your skills and promote the heck out of it. If you need help, ask a client or business friend to help you figure it out. Again, if you keep your skill and services a big secret you can definitely look forward to a job as a barista somewhere 
 Work for clients who don’t value you . This may be obvious and yet so many writers do this. Part of the reason is that they don’t have enough confidence in their own skill or maybe they are just starting out and feel they have to pay their dues before they can get the choice assignments. But the problem with working with clients who don’t value you is that they make you feel bad about yourself and your work. And if you’re feeling bad all the time, you won’t have the energy or vibe to get better clients. 
 Give up . When you’re self employed and don’t get a regular paycheck it can make you grumpy. Especially if things aren’t going great. And I know writers who make an  I-give-up  declaration once a week. No, they don’t mean it but does the universe know that? Often we are the most likely to sabotage our own efforts. Do what Napoleon Hill suggests – focus, be determined, believe in yourself. Tell the universe you never give up because frankly you’re going to have to if you want to succeed at anything. Nobody who has ever gotten anywhere has given up. In fact, just the opposite, they refuse to give up. Emulate those people. 
 
 Why should you listen to me? 
 Well, because I’ve made every one of these mistakes and more.That’s how I know it doesn’t work. Experience, baby. Not the easiest way to learn but effective. 
 So, did you see yourself in the list above? If so, what did you do to change things? Do you have any tips for success you’d like to share? Let me know in the comments below. 
 Writer Chick 
 Copyright 2013 
 Posted in  copywriting ,  marketing ,  self-employment ,  writing ,  writing life Tagged  career ,  freelance writing ,  marketing advice ,  self-employment Leave a comment 
 Book updates, free stories & more 
 SIGN UP  for news from Anita about: 
 
 New books 
 Promotions 
 Contests 
 Exclusive subscriber content 
 Latest updates 
 Little tidbits to brighten your day 
 And more… 
 
 Anita respects your privacy and will not share your email with anyone. 
 Typically, you will receive updates once or twice a month. You may unsubscribe at any time. 
 Follow Anita Rodgers Blog via Email 
 You can enter your email address to follow Anita's blog and you'll receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 3,004 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Get to know Anita on Facebook 
 
 Get to know Anita on Facebook 
 
 Bookbub with me 
 [](https://www.bookbub.com/authors/anita-rodgers
?follow=true) 
 Yes, you can get an ebook autographed 
 
 Biz 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Blogs I Follow 
 
 Nail Your Novel 
 mjbreviewers 
 Dead Darlings 
 Lee Lofland 
 Kristine Kathryn Rusch 
 House of Heart 
 Lorraine Ambers 
 lifecameos 
 transitionu 
 J. B. Garner - Musings of a Starving Author 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 
 PLot Driven or Character Driven 
 Characters leave you flat? 
 Stages of writing a book 
 Writer's Ideas 
 Why I Like Being a Writer 
 Writer Life Hacks 
 The Shy Writer - Review 
 How copy writing improves fiction 
 What you never knew about writers 
 Why mysteries 
 Reviews, best way to select book? 
 Leaving the boring stuff out 
 Too much of you in your story? 
 Need a book? 
 Secret writer behavior 
 Why I didn't write today 
 Outlining 
 To outline or not to outline 
 
 Nail Your Novel 
 Nail Your Novel - Writing, publishing and self-publishing advice from a bestselling ghostwriter and book doctor 
 mjbreviewers 
 So Many Books, So Little Time 
 Dead Darlings 
 Everything Novel. 
 Lee Lofland 
 The Graveyard Shift 
 Kristine Kathryn Rusch 
 Writer, Editor, Fan Girl 
 House of Heart 
 Lorraine Ambers 
 Fantasy writer - Bibliophile - Daydreamer 
 lifecameos 
 transitionu 
 Life Coaching, Observations, Reflections, Things that make you go hmmmmm 
 J. B. Garner - Musings of a Starving Author 
 Watch the ongoing adventures of everyone's favorite struggling author! 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
