  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
 AJAX 
 
 AJAX Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance AJAX Developer ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/ajax) 
 27 days ago 
 Ecommerce Project Development 
 Published: 27 days ago  Bids: 29 
 Requirements: 
 We want to create a multi-platform eCommerce project written in PHP from scratch, with a marketplace similar to Wish, eBay, and/or Amazon. 
 We don’t want you to use CMS like Prestashop, WordPress, Woocommerce, Dokan, Shopify, etc… It is a personalized code written from scratch using up-to-date technologies. 
 Characteristics: 
•    Responsive 
•    Multilanguage 
•    Marketplace 
•    Develop the mobile (android and iPhone) and web applications 
•    Mobile & Website features 
o    Find your Vendor or Products 
o    Users can see a list of products for specific vendors 
o    Products details 
o    Order tracking 
o    Etc… 
•    Etc … 
 Skills: 
•    PHP 
•    MySQL 
•    AJAX 
•    Bootstrap 
•    jQuery 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : E-commerce 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new store 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Payment Processor (Paypal, Stripe, etc.) 
 Roles needed  : Developer, Designer 
 Published by:  E. P. D. Last reply: 2 weeks ago  Dominican Republic 
 Over USD 3,000 
 4 months ago 
 Online Enrollment , Company Agency system , Running Event Website ,... 
 Published: 4 months ago  Bids: 4 
 i have created some projects using PHP Codeigniter i make system for Agency and Running Event System during my intern i have experienced using CMS Woocommerce and Informative website 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Social media (Facebook, Twitter, etc.), Other (Other APIs) 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  S. A. Philippines 
 USD 500 - 1,000 
 5 months ago 
 Woocommerce Ajax Checkout 
 Published: 5 months ago  Deadline: 3 Bids: 4 
 We are going to use Woocommerce donations plugin in specific posts, what we want to do is when the user clicks the donation button, below of this button or over the button the checkout appears and the user can easily do checkout, once the checkout process is done, the checkout page collapse and a notification appears, everything in same place. 
 User can donate as many times as he wants from the same page 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Wordpress 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Custom development 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : Not applicable 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Payment Processor (Paypal, Stripe, etc.) 
 Published by:  F. M. Colombia Payment method:  __Verified 
 Less than USD 50 
 8 months ago 
 Vue.js Developer 
 Published: 8 months ago  Bids: 7 
 Company Introduction 
ChinesePod is the pioneer creator of online resources for learning Mandarin Chinese. With over 4,000 video and audio lessons, ChinesePod houses the largest library of Chinese learning content available on the web. 
We are looking for an expert JavaScript developer who is highly skilled with  Vue.js. 
 Your primary focus will be developing user-facing web applications and components. You’ll implement them with the  Vue.js  framework, following generally accepted practices and workflows. You will ensure that you produce robust, secure, modular, and maintainable code. 
 You will coordinate with other team members, so your commitment to team collaboration, perfect communication, and a quality product is crucial. 
Responsibilities 
•    Developing user-facing applications using  Vue.js 
•    Building modular and reusable components and libraries 
•    Optimizing your application for performance 
•    Implementing automated testing integrated into development and maintenance workflows 
•    Staying up-to-date with all recent developments in the JavaScript and  Vue.js  space 
•    Keeping an eye on security updates and issues found with  Vue.js  and all project dependencies 
•    Proposing any upgrades and updates necessary for keeping up with modern security and development best practices 
Skills 
• Expertise in working with RESTful APIs, JSON etc. 
• Strong expertise with HTML5, CSS3, and writing cross-browser compatible code. 
 • Good understanding of AJAX and JavaScript Dom manipulation Techniques 
• Good to have experience with Angular or React. 
• Experience with the full web stack performance optimization techniques 
• Familiar with unit-testing frameworks 
• Experience with Git, Jenkins, build and deployment tools 
• Ability to represent the data in the most readable and efficient manner using charts, smart objects, tables etc. 
• Experience designing and building cloud native applications on Azure will be an added advantage 
• Critical thinker and Excellent communication skills & analytical skills 
• A strong curiosity about our clients’ business needs coupled with a passion to stay on the cutting edge 
• Experience with Agile Development Practices 
• Must be an Individual Contributor and able to handle deliverables without supervision 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  S. M. Last reply: 8 months ago  Taiwan 
 USD 250 - 500 
 8 months ago 
 Increase Seo on Facebook, Instagram, and Twitter 
 Published: 8 months ago  Bids: 8 
 I have a small web presence with a website representing a church school  I would like to increase the visibility for Facebook, Twitter, and Instagram to include short articles that have been previously prepared and photos that would be supplied.  Theses Facebook an Twitter Accounts have been set-up for several years, but have been inactive for +1 year. 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Advertising on Google, Facebook 
 What do you need?  : Medium-sized campaigns 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  K. S. United States 
 USD 50 - 100 
 9 months ago 
 X-cart 5 Develper 
 Published: 9 months ago  Deadline: 3 Bids: 1 
 Description 
I need a X-cart 5 develper who can fix bug on template and core fixing 
According to design you have to set it in pixel exactly 
1. Home page 
2.Product page 
3.Category page 
4. Vendor page 
5. 
Checkout 
6. All static pages ( for example Sing in, Cart, invoice and ect.) 
 Time 4 week 
Budget 500$ 
 Payment after work is done 
 Please without agencies and scammers 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : E-commerce 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have the design 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  P. Croatia 
 USD 250 - 500 
 10 months ago 
 Website Screens And App 
 Published: 10 months ago  Bids: 0 
 Create account: the pastor / user when entering the site will be able to create the account to manage his church. 
(There is no need to do the hotsite, only the access programming. The website design is up to us) 
 Login: the pastor / user will login to access the system. 
 Recover password: the pastor can recover his password by receiving a link by email. 
(There is no need to do the hotsite, only the access programming. The website design is up to us) 
 My Account (profile): the pastor / user logged in the system will be able to edit his own data. 
 Name, email, password, payment, etc. 
 Users: the main login (pastor / user) can create logins for other users to also access the system. 
The main login will create access profiles. Limiting access according to the profile chosen for each user. 
 The user profile may or may not access the selected modules. And you can also choose which churches / branches the user will have access to. 
 Senior administrator user - does it all in all churches 
Example: this user accesses the "People", "Heritage", "Events" screen, etc., Of all churches (headquarters and branches) 
 Branch administrator user - does everything only at the authorized church / branch. 
Example 1: this user accesses people, heritage, events, etc., Only from his church / branch. 
Example 2: He will create a user account for John to access only the "People" screen. John can only see the people at this church / branch. 
 Example 3: The Senior Administrator User can prohibit that user from accessing the "Financial" screen. Then, that user will be able to do everything in this church / branch, except access the "Financial" screen. 
 People 
This is a register of people from the church. They can be "member" or "non-member". 
Anyone can download the app and create an account. 
 After this registration (account / login in the app), this registration will appear on this screen. Here the pastor will approve as "member" or "non-member". 
 At the top of this page there will be a table or in the form of  , or  , or  . You will have the registrations recently made by people on their own private phones through the app. 
The pastor approves as "member" or "non-member", or excludes.
 Once approved, the registration disappears from there and appears in the table below. This second table will contain all those registered. 
 Note: this screen will have a modal so that the pastor can also include someone who does not have a phone for example. Whoever does not have a phone, on this screen the administrator can register anyone. 
 Churches 
When the pastor creates his account for the first time on the "create account" screen on the website. A field will be for the name of the church. And when he finishes, the pastor already enters the system with a registered church. 
 This church will be the main one by default. But, he will be able to create other churches (branches). 
To use the system he will pay a fee. 
 Example 100.00 for the main church. For each church he adds he will have to pay an additional cost, for example 30.00 per church. 
That is, if he creates the account and adds 2 more churches, he will pay 160.00 per month. 
 100.00 the main. 
R $ 30.00 the filial church 1. 
And R $ 30.00 for the branch church 2. 
 Dashboard 
If the user is the Senior Administrator User, they will see the dashboard with data for all churches. Statistics and percentages of all. 
Example: (if church / branch A had 5 new people registrations, and branch B had 3 new ones) that user will see "People: 8" (total). 
 If the branch administrator User , is from church / branch A, he will see only "People: 5". 
If it is from church / branch B, he will see only "People: 3". 
 System HEAD 
In the HEAD of the system you will have a combolist with the name of the churches / branches. For the Senior Administrator User, the default is the "all" option, so that he can see all the data for all churches together. 
Example: if you have in this list selected "all". 
 When he goes to the "People" screen, he will be able to see all people from all churches / branches. If he later goes to the "Events" screen, he will only see events from that church / branch. If he changes in HEAD "all" to "church / branch A". 
 Wherever it goes in the system, it will only display data from "church / branch A". 
 If the pastor / user has more than one church, the dashboard will be with data from all churches. 
Example: Total number of registered members, from all churches. 
At the 
In the upper right corner, you will have a combolist with the churches. 
 When the pastor logs in, he will open the main church. The dashboard is from the main church, the People screen will appear only people from the main church, etc. 
At the top, if he clicks on the church list and changes to branch 1, the data is only displayed for church 1. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Social media (Facebook, Twitter, etc.), Payment Processor (Paypal, Stripe, etc.) 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  D. P. Brazil 
 USD 250 - 500 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
