Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Seasonal-Stock Handler General (Day Shift) 1 
 The Source (Bell) Electronics Inc. 
 __Barrie, ON 
 Apply Now 
 The Source is Canada’s largest tech retailer, and every day we come into work excited to share cool tech and amazing brands with our fellow Canadians. From your local shopping centre to cool music festivals, we are where Canadians live, work and play. 
 Every day our Associates across the country help Canadians find the tech they want and need. The Source is a great place to work and we are committed to your development through best in class training programs that help you do your best. Behind our in-store Associates is a supporting team of professionals who curate our product assortment, ensure on-time deliveries, create engaging marketing campaigns and help keep our systems running at peak capacity. 
 We are passionate about what we do and look for individuals with their own passion, curiosity and genuine helpfulness to join us! 
 The career you want. 
 As the Stock Handler General, the successful incumbents will primarily be responsible for order picking, packing, and stocking shelves. Additional responsibilities may also include: 
 Receiving merchandise and verifying against computer records. 
Preparing for restocking into warehouse inventory. 
Completing and printing courier bills of lading to prepare for shipping. 
Ensuring product is processed in a timely fashion to meet shipping deadlines. 
Transfer stock to vendor out bins for restocking. 
Other related duties as assigned. 
 Skills we’re looking for. 
 Prior working experience in the same or a related job is a definite asset. 
Ability to handle light to medium weight merchandise weighing up to 40lbs with the ability to handle product weighing 25lbs on a continuous basis is necessary. 
Must be capable of standing and walking throughout an 8-hour shift. 
Accuracy and attention to detail are essential. 
 < span style="font-family: "Calibri","sans-serif"">#corp #corpo 
 Position Type:  Union 
 Position:  Seasonal-Stock Handler General (Day Shift) 
 Job Location:  Canada : Ontario : Alliston || Canada : Ontario : Barrie || Canada : Ontario : Bradford || Canada : Ontario : Innisfil || Canada : Ontario : Newmarket || Canada : Ontario : Thornhill || Canada : Ontario : Vaughan 
 Application Deadline:  11/23/2020 
 As Canada's favourite tech retailer you have the opportunity to work close to home - and we're also proud to offer a competitive compensation package that includes an extensive recognition and rewards program, career development opportunities, multi-faceted training programs, competitive medical and dental benefits, charity and volunteer opportunities and of course, associate discounts! 
 The Source celebrates and embraces diversity as part of our culture. We strive to be an inclusive, equitable and accessible environment that supports both our internal and external customers, ensuring everyone feels valued and respected. Accommodations are available on request for all candidates taking part in any aspects of the selection process. For a confidential inquiry, simply email your recruiter directly or inclusion@thesource.ca to make arrangements. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
