Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Mobile Mortgage Specialist Assistant 
 TD Bank 
 __Milton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 TD Description 
 Tell us your story. Don't go unnoticed. Explain why you're a winning candidate. Think "TD" if you crave meaningful work and embrace change like we do. We are a trusted North American leader that cares about people and inspires them to grow and move forward. 
 Stay current and competitive. Carve out a career for yourself. Grow with us. 
 Job Description 
 The TD Canada Trust Mobile Mortgage Specialist (MMS) sales team is a national retail banking channel responsible for acquisition of new mortgage and Home Equity Line of Credit (HELOC) business. Our mandate is to deliver new customers to the bank and to contribute to the volume, profits and market share of TD Canada Trust's Real Estate Secured Lending. The team is currently comprised of over 700 sales specialists, management and support staff. 
 Mobile Mortgage Specialists are responsible for bringing new banking customers to the TD Canada Trust branch network using the mortgage as the delivery vehicle. They operate on an entirely mobile platform from a home office base, to develop mortgage and home equity line of credit referrals from realtors, builders, financial planners and other centres of influence. 
 The MMS Assistant provides day to day administrative support for their associated Specialist, contributing to the success of the Specialist and the MMS channel by allowing the Specialist to focus on sales and business development activities. 
 As an Assistant for a Mobile Mortgage Specialist, the successful candidate will: provide extensive support to the Mobile Mortgage Specialist in all areas of credit administration, including: 
Application processing and submission in accordance with channel specific policy and process 
Obtain/compile all the supporting documentation required for completing credit requests 
Partner with administrative support groups to facilitate the end to end credit decision process 
 Job Requirements 
 Additionally, the MMS Assistant will: 
Understand and apply bank and business channel operating policies and procedures, and ensure necessary due diligence is taken to support the accuracy of all customer and partner transactions 
Process assigned work volumes in an accurate and efficient manner, supporting the Specialist’s and business’s timeline commitments 
Maintain good relationships with partner groups and team including responding to questions and concerns 
 NOTE:  The position is casual part-time, and reports to the Manager, MMS Assistants. Day-to-day work volumes are received directly from the associated Mobile Mortgage Specialist. The MMS Assistant works from a home office. 
 Job Requirements: 
 The ideal candidate will: 
Have mortgage/credit lending experience 
Have superior computer / technology skills 
Have superior proficiency with MS Office suite, including Word, Excel and PowerPoint 
Be able to work independently, multi-tasking in a fast-paced, competitive market 
Demonstrate excellent time-management skills, and be able to meet/exceed timelines and SLA expectations from a customer as well as business-partner perspective 
Demonstrate high-level accuracy and attention to detail 
Demonstrate excellent customer service skills, leveraging strong interpersonal and communication skills 
Be willing to work variable hours, including evenings and weekends 
Be bilingual English/French 
 Education/Accreditations: 
TD Canada Trust branch experience preferred 
 Inclusiveness 
 At TD, we are committed to fostering an inclusive, accessible environment, where all employees and customers feel valued, respected and supported. We are dedicated to building a workforce that reflects the diversity of our customers and communities in which we live and serve. If you require an accommodation for the recruitment/interview process (including alternate formats of materials, or accessible meeting rooms or other accommodation), please let us know and we will work with you to meet your needs. 
 Job Family 
 Retail Sales & Service 
 Job Category - Primary 
 Sales & Business Development 
 Job Category(s) 
 Sales & Business Development 
 Hours 
 1 
 Business Line 
 Corporate 
 Time Type 
 Part Time 
 Employment Type 
 Casual 
 Country 
 Canada 
 **Province/State (Primary) 
 Ontario 
 City (Primary) 
 Milton 
 Work Location 
 810 Main Street East (Milton) 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
