Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Cashier 
 Sephora 
 __Saskatoon, SK 
 Apply Now 
 Job ID:  180738 
 Store Name/Number:  SK-Saskatoon (0560) 
 Address:  201 1 Avenue South, Saskatoon, SK S7K 1J9, Canada (CA) 
 Full Time/Part Time:  Part Time 
 Position Type:  Regular 
 Cashiers provide friendly, professional and knowledgeable service to all clients in a support capacity. They complete transactions accurately and efficiently to expedite the client’s transaction, while suggesting possible complementary products and tools for their purchase. 
 ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES 
Client Service 
Complete transactions accurately and efficiently, leveraging Mobile Point-Of-Sale (MPOS) technology as necessary. 
Process returns/exchanges in a courteous manner. 
Engage clients in appropriate conversation while completing transaction, and provide gift-wrapping when required. 
Provide basic store and product information to clients as needed. 
Assist in training other cashiers and consultants on Point-Of-Sale (POS) and MPOS. 
 Store Presentation 
Assist in maintaining standards of cleanliness and organization within the cashier zone. 
Be aware of and assist in maintaining SEPHORA’s merchandising concepts. 
Participate in programs to reduce shortage/loss. 
 Merchandising and Operations 
Comply with all cash handling and related procedures. 
Ensure safety and tidiness standards are respected and maintained at all times. 
Communicate inventory issues/concerns to Supervisor(s), Assistant Manager(s) or Store Manager. 
Ensure compliance with sampling policies and procedures. 
Participate in inventory control. 
 EXPECTED SKILLS AND QUALIFICATIONS 
1-2 years of retail/client service industry experience in a fast paced environment. 
Previous cash handling or cashier experience is preferred. 
Comfortable in engaging clients in conversation at the cash area. 
Ability to multi-task, while providing professional and outstanding client service. 
Effective time management, problem solving and communication skills. 
A High School graduate or equivalent. 
Flexible availability including evenings, weekends and holidays is essential. 
 ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
 Physical Requirements: 
Work in a fragrance filled environment. 
Lift and carry up to 50 pounds. 
Bend and stretch to stock shelves. 
 COMPANY OVERVIEW 
Owned by LVMH Moet Hennessy Louis Vuitton, the world's leading luxury goods group, Sephora is highly regarded as a beauty trailblazer, thanks to its unparalleled assortment of prestige products, unbiased service from experts, interactive shopping environment, and innovation. 
 Sephora stores - Sephora operates approximately 1,900 stores in 29 countries worldwide, with an expanding base of over 360 stores across North America. Sephora opened its first U.S. store in New York in 1998, its first Canadian store in Toronto in 2004. Sephora's North American headquarters is located in San Francisco, with corporate offices in New York, Montreal and Toronto. 
Sephora.com - Launched in the U.S. in 1999 and Canada in 2003, the foremost beauty site on the Internet is also Sephora's largest North American store in terms of sales and selection of products and brands. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
