Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Project Business Analyst 
 Capital Regional District 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Finance and Technology – Major Projects 
 Competition 
20/179 
 Status 
Auxiliary 
 Hours of Work 
70 hours bi-weekly 
 Rate of Pay 
$40.32 to $45.72 per hour (plus 14% in lieu of benefits) 
 Review of applications begins 
4:00pm on December 2, 2020, but will remain open until filled 
 Notes 
The anticipated length of this term assignment is approximately 8 months 
 Summary 
Under general supervision of the Manager, the Project Business Analyst is responsible for providing business and cost analysis expertise to the Core Area Wastewater Treatment Program, and ensuring proper financial and procurement controls are maintained in accordance with CRD policies and procedures 
 The anticipated length of this term assignment is approximately 8 months. 
 Duties & Responsibilities 
Analyzes contractor/consultant billings to monitor project costing including spend/budget variances and verifying compliance with related contract. 
Prepares monthly, special and ad hoc reports by collecting, analysing and summarizing account information and trends. 
Creates purchase orders in SAP in accordance with program control requirements; substantiates financial transactions by verifying/auditing documentation and requesting disbursements per established work flows. 
Monitors financial transactions and investigates anomalies to ensure accordance with CRD policy and procedures. 
Sets up new SAP master data, i.e. general ledger, projects as required. 
Prepares monthly reconciliation between SAP and Prolog, resolves discrepancies by collecting and analysing account information and prepares journal entries where required (accruals/reconciling entries). 
Liaises with internal and external stakeholders and contractors to address and resolve anomalies related to project costs and reporting. 
Provides analytical advice, guidance and information to internal stakeholders as related to job role. 
Provides support to ensure financial controls are maintained by following corporate and department policies and procedures. 
Verifies and maintains accurate records of change order requests/status, ensures PO’s and commitments are complete and accurate. 
Makes ongoing recommendations for financial process improvements and efficiencies and consults with management and staff across departments to ensure development of best practices and standards related to financial processes and policies. 
Supports external auditors by coordinating year-end deliverables and prepares working papers, as required. 
Administers short-term loan applications with Municipal Finance Authority. 
Assists in the preparation of quarterly grant claims and adherence to grant eligibility as defined in the respective Agreements. 
Follows all policies, procedures and standards of the CRD. 
Performs other related duties as required. 
 Qualifications 
 Completed CPA core modules, CPA or an equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered. 
Six years’ related experience with cost analysis preferably in a construction environment 
Excellent communication (verbal and written), interpersonal and customer service skills are required. 
Knowledge of and ability to use various computer word processing, spreadsheet and project scheduling programs, databases and external software systems 
Proficiency in using Excel, manipulating data and advanced Excel formulas/functions (i.e. vlookup, pivot tables, IF statements) 
Excellent written communication skills with the ability to prepare concise information 
Excellent problem solving and analytical abilities preferably in a project cost environment 
Demonstrated attention to detail with a commitment to data accuracy and integrity 
Knowledge, or willingness to gain, of and adhere to CRD corporate and financial policies and procedures 
 Ability to maintain confidentiality re:  disputes, awards and/or access to any closed information as per CRD policies and procedures 
Sound and demonstrated understanding of financial and procurement control concepts 
Ability to establish and maintain harmonious working relationships with other CRD employees, stakeholders and contractors 
Ability to provide excellent customer service and work well in a multi-disciplinary team 
Ability to work independently with minimum direction, work under pressure to meet multiple deadlines, and be accountable for job responsibilities 
Ability to use independent judgement and discretion, determine priorities and meet deadlines 
Ability to understand and analyze the relationships between complex business requirements and technological solutions that align with CRD business and create collaborative solutions 
 Applications 
To apply for this exciting opportunity, please submit your resume and covering letter online at www.crd.bc.ca under “Careers”. 
 The CRD thanks you for your interest and advises only those candidates under active consideration will be contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
