Skip to content 
   
 hirebridge blog 
 News, Information and Important Resources for Human Resource Professionals and Job Seekers 
 Follow us on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Follow us on Facebook 
 
 Follow us on Facebook 
 
 Category: job boards 
 How to Harvest Talent Quicker | Inc.com 
 Don't blast out the job posting to every talent agency, career network, job site and university. But don't keep it a secret either. You'll need to look beyond your circle of friends and colleagues, but keep the posting on sites and in networks that fit the company, its values and the position qualifications. 
 Source:  How to Harvest Talent Quicker | Inc.com 
 By  Jeff in  best practices ,  hiring ,  How To ,  job boards ,  recruiting ,  resources ,  sourcing December 22, 2015 61 Words 
 These Will Be the 10 Hottest Jobs in 2016 | Inc.com 
 Looking for a career where you're sure to find a job? CareerBuilder has some suggestions for you. 
 Source:  These Will Be the 10 Hottest Jobs in 2016 | Inc.com 
 By  Jeff in  hiring ,  job boards ,  job seekers ,  recruiting ,  Statistics December 10, 2015 27 Words 
 Top 5 Career & Job Hunting Websites 
 Via HipVine … 
 It is no surprise that almost every job is posted online, that is why finding a good website that offers comprehensive information is one of the first major tools to land a job. 
 Some websites are limited to just lists of job openings and are simply formatted. When you are doing your job hunt, look for websites that offer career trends, suggestions of what you can do with your current skills and how to translate them into the new position that you desire. 
 Click here to read the entire article >> 
 By  Jeff in  hiring ,  job boards ,  job seekers ,  recruiting ,  social media December 28, 2011 94 Words 
 How to Get a Job in America 
 Via Lifehacker.com … 
 Job boards and Craigslist don't work because everybody's already there. Here's where to look, and how to look good, in the (still incredibly rough) job market. 
 Click here to read the entire article >> 
 By  Jeff in  hiring ,  How To ,  job boards ,  job seekers ,  recruiting ,  resources ,  social media September 28, 2011 38 Words 
 Indeed Slips Past Monster, Now Largest Job Site By Unique Visitors 
 One of the major benefits that Hirebridge provides to its clients is that we automatically submit each company's public jobs to Indeed.com, SimplyHired and Google. We call this service, "ExpressPost," and it greatly helps extend job postings well beyond a company's website to bring a large amount of highly qualified candidates directly into their Hirebridge system. 
 Today, tech blog  TechCrunch  published a piece regarding Indeed.com's recent announcement that it had achieved the status of becoming the largest online job search site: 
 In October, Job search engine Indeed.com slipped past Monster.com to become the largest job site in the U.S. According to comScore, 12.3 million people visited Indeed in October, up 19.6 percent. Monster.com attracted 12.1 million people, and CareerBuilder.com came in third with 11.3 million job seekers. It is still pretty close, with Indeed just barely edging out Monster. But this could very well be a turning point for leadership of the online job search category. 
 These are pretty impressive numbers for Indeed.com and we're thrilled that we're helping our clients get their jobs in front of so many candidates free of of charge. 
 Click here to read the entire article on TechCrunch.com >> 
 By  Jeff in  hirebridge ,  hiring ,  job boards ,  job seekers ,  recruiting ,  sourcing November 17, 2010 200 Words 
 Job posting growth in all 12 industries: an Industry Employment Trends first 
 Via Indeed.com … 
 Our May  Industry Employment Trends  provide the strongest evidence yet of an improving job market. May 2010 shows year-over-year job posting growth in all 12 of the major industries we track. This is the first time we’ve seen positive growth in all sectors since launching Industry Employment Trends in  February 2009 . 
 Read the rest of the article >> 
 By  Jeff in  hiring ,  job boards ,  job seekers ,  recruiting ,  Statistics July 12, 2010 60 Words 
 Facebook Does Job Searches (by way of SimplyHired) 
 Hirebridge clients already benefit from having their job postings automatically submitted to SimplyHired on a nightly basis (free of charge, mind you). Integration with Facebook is about get even better and more social. 
 Via ReadWriteWeb … 
 SimplyHired.com, a job search site that aggregates job board postings and makes them searchable via one interface, is launching a new feature: Facebook integration. With the added opt-in functionality, you can see if any of your Facebook friends work at a particular company and you can pull back a list of all the companies where your friends are employed. 
 Read the rest of the article >> 
 By  Jeff in  applicant tracking ,  job boards ,  job seekers June 3, 2010 103 Words 
 The job application black hole 
 Via CNNMoney.com … 
 Ever applied to a job online only to have your résumé seemingly vanish into a void? 
 From crafting a winning cover letter to acing an interview, landing a job is tough enough in this market. But millions of job seekers can't even get a foot in the door as they apply to countless positions and seldom hear anything in response. 
 Read the rest of the article >> 
 By  Jeff in  applicant tracking ,  best practices ,  hiring ,  job boards ,  job seekers ,  recruiting February 18, 2010 72 Words 
 Monster Just Dropped $225 Million For Yahoo’s HotJobs 
 Via TheNextWeb.com … 
 The online job marketplace Monster has just acquired HotJobs away from Yahoo for a stunning $225 million in cash. Part of this deal is a three-year “commercial traffic agreement,” which will begin on the closing of the deal. 
 This seems to mean that Yahoo will shunt jobs related traffic to Monster for three years, as its “provider of career and job content on the Yahoo! homepage in the United States and Canada.” 
 Read the rest of the article >>  
 By  Jeff in  hiring ,  job boards ,  job seekers February 4, 2010 82 Words 
 The Growing Talent Crisis: Challenges and Solutions 
 Via CareerBuilder.com … 
 Employers throughout the world are increasingly struggling to keep pace with expanding hiring needs. A recent workforce planning study conducted by Aon Consulting for one of its clients showed that nearly 60 percent of its key knowledge workers and leaders would need to be replaced in the next five years. 
 But, demand for talented employees exceeds the supply, leaving many organizations wondering what strategies to adopt to retain and expand the workforce to maintain competitive advantage. Systematic workforce planning linked to key strategies and business challenges is a foundation for informed talent strategies and processes that will impact the bottom line favorably. 
 Read the rest of the article >> 
 By  Jeff in  applicant tracking ,  best practices ,  employee retention ,  hiring ,  How To ,  job boards ,  job seekers ,  productivity ,  recruiting ,  sourcing ,  Statistics August 18, 2009 112 Words 
 Posts navigation 
 Older posts 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
  hirebridge blog  
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
