John-Peter's Blog 
 Search 
 Primary Menu Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Posts 
 Gallery 
 Contact 
 
 Search for: 
 Tag Archives: business career 
   
 Life Purpose 
 Education Changes to a More Fulfilled Life 
 2015-09-05   John-Peter   Leave a comment 
 Education Changes to a More Fulfilled Life 
 We live in a society that believes in one-size-fits-all when it comes to success in life. Success is measured in material accumulation and career achievements. In order to achieve this rather narrow perception of success, and forming part of this accumulation, is a scholastic path with high grades through high school and 
 Work-Life-Balance 
 university. Yet, most great life coaches speak of a fulfilled life as being a balanced life. These teachers speak of various components of life that we should try to keep in balance. An example of the various components to a fulfilled life would be: 
 
 Finances 
 Spiritual life 
 Business career 
 Physical health 
 Social life 
 Mental Development 
 Family life 
 Physical fitness 
 
 This is an 8-fold division of a person’s life. A quick internet search brings up 5 (spirit, mind, body, relationship & work), 7 (social, spiritual, personal, physical, family, financial & career) and 10 (family, spiritual, emotional, work, social, financial, cultural, recreational, physical & intellectual) alternative divisions to a balanced life. It is okay to be out of balance and focus on one area of one’s life for periods of growth in that area, but to maintain balance means devoting time to the other areas thereafter. To balance an 8-fold division of life means spending on average 2 hours on each area in a 24 hour day where 8 hours is given over to sleeping. Yet, our societal demands are that we spend 8-14 hours on our career and making money and neglect six other key areas of life. 
 Is it any wonder that people feel stressed and out of balance, unfulfilled and depressed? 
 Business/Career and financial success should be about having enough instead of being about having excess. Striving for excess drives the world economy, true; has brought about higher standards of living than ever know in history, true; and resulted in people living longer than in recorded history, true. Or is the one really a result of the other? 
 If we include the development of consciousness of humankind (see for example  Power vs Force  by David R. Hawkings ) then the higher standard of living and longevity, that have increased with the increase in human consciousness, have been subverted by a greed that propels the drive for greater world economy and undermined our understanding of success as a striving for excess. 
 “Rational” people ridicule, for example, astrology because, with 8 billion people in the world, they argue, it is not possible that there are only 12 personalities. This argument immediately presupposes that “rational” people believe that they are different from their fellow human beings and that, in fact, all people are different. How different though? Different as in having different aspirations, different interpretations of fulfilment, different understanding of success? Different in the educational needs; different in the positive contribution each can deliver to society; different in the reward each deems appropriate to their contribution? Why then is the societal definition of success so narrow, when even “rational” people argue for their inherent difference to their neighbour? 
 Where do we, who see a need for a broadening of society’s definition of success, begin to help society change its view of success? We see, worldwide, an increase in suicides, especially among the young in many countries of the world. Stress and depression are often at the root of these suicides: stress and the resultant depression because of not being  seen  as successful. 
 If we begin with the premise that every living thing is a miracle, because we cannot yet recreate life; and then that every person also is a miracle, therefore everyone is successful, we would have to investigate what it is in each person that makes him/her uniquely, inherently successful. We would end up with 8 billion definitions of a successful person and the one definition of living in excess would be swamped by uniquely individual definitions. Education would no longer view a child as an empty vessel to be filled with a prescribed quantum of information, but instead would become a way of extracting what is uniquely individual in each person and helping each individual develop his/her uniqueness while identifying the unique challenges of each unique individual, the overcoming of which will grow him/her uniquely to outshine the unique potential with which he/she is born. Education would become the domain of the highly gifted, the people who truly care about others, care in a way that they can identify the uniqueness and the unique challenges of each unique individual. A pipe-dream or a starting point for a new future? 
 (This post was triggered by the suicide of a 14 year old girl who decided to end her life quietly in a shopping mall.) 
 Share this: 
 
 Email 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 business career career achievement education education changes family life finances fulfilled life life balance mental development physical fitness physical health social life spiritual life success 
 Recent Posts: John-Peter's Blog 
 What is appropriate for “Youth Day”, remembering the past or building the future? 
 
 What would you do if you found R1,000 ($440) at an ATM? 
 
 Seeing the Individual 
 
 What is the Value of Life Teachers? 
 
 Education Changes to a More Fulfilled Life 
 
 Random Thoughts Triggered By Current Events Looking For Your Comments 
 Search for: 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 Kirstin Bosworth  on  What is appropriate for “Youth… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 June 2017 
 September 2015 
 
 Categories 
 
 Life Purpose 
 Personal Integrity 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
