Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Registered ACP-Paramedic 
 Alberta Health Services 
 __Stony Plain, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Your Opportunity: 
As an Advanced Care Paramedic (ACP), you will be a patient advocate who will effectively communicate and interact with community partners and allied healthcare professionals to ensure safe and proficient patient care and transportation. To fulfill your responsibilities you will safely operate emergency vehicles, respond to medical and traumatic emergencies and inter-facility transport requests while adhering to professional standards, medical control protocols, standard operating procedures, polices and directives. This posting may be used to fill multiple vacancies. 
 Description: 
As a Paramedic, you will assess emergency scenes and patients and may transport ill or injured patients from scenes of emergency and/or between facilities. This includes operating ambulances or other modes of transportation. You will treat patients by administering medications, advanced life support (ALS) airway adjuncts and electrical therapy. You may also lead the ALS crew in delivering clinical care during patient transport or at emergency scenes. You will assist with ensuring that ambulances or other Emergency Medical Services (EMS) vehicles, such as transfer vans, are properly stocked and equipped. Alberta Health Services EMS requires the proof of the successful completion of the Functional Abilities Recruitment Evaluation (F.A.R.E.) test via the certificate provided by the Lifemark organization for all applicants external to AHS or internal to AHS, who do not already hold a clinical position within AHS EMS (VESST, Clinical Educator, EMR, PCP, ACP and Community Paramedic). Your F.A.R.E. test must be completed six (6) prior to the date of your application. Alberta Health Services EMS may verify results with Lifemark to ensure the candidate has successfully completed the test. Please contact Lifemark at www.lifemark.ca/alberta-health-services to find more information on the F.A.R.E. test and how to book your evaluation. 
 Classification:  Registered ACP-Paramedic 2190 
 Union:  HSAA Facility PROF/TECH 
 Department:  RA-Parkland EMS-EDM 
 Primary Location:  EMS HQ - EDM Suburban Rural 
 Multi-Site:  Not Applicable 
 FTE:  0.00 
 Posting End Date:  08-DEC-2020 
 Employee Class:  Casual/Relief 
 Date Available:  01-FEB-2021 
 Hours per Shift:  Varies 
 Length of Shift in weeks:  Varies 
 Shifts per cycle:  Varies 
 Shift Pattern:  Days, Evenings, Nights, Weekends, On Call 
 Days Off:  Other 
 Minimum Salary:  $33.99 
 Maximum Salary:  $44.75 
 Vehicle Requirement:  Driver's License, Vehicle Provided 
 Required Qualifications: 
Completion of an accredited Advanced Care Paramedic program. Active registration with Alberta College of Paramedics (ACP) as an Advanced Care Paramedic. Current Basic Cardiac Life Support - Healthcare Provider (BCLS-HCP). Must hold a valid Class 4 Alberta Operator's Licence with no more than six (6) demerits. Completion of the Functional Abilities Recruitment Evaluation (F.A.R.E.) test taken no more than six (6) months prior to the application date. 
 Additional Required Qualifications: 
As Required. 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
Must be available for orientation and mentorship. Must be available for short notice work opportunities. Should have relevant experience working in EMS; Metro EMS, dedicated Intra-facility transport, and Suburban/Rural. Please provide a chronological resume and cover letter. High school diploma or equivalent should be provided. Operator's License and other supportive documentation. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
