Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Payments & Rewards Sales Representative 
 PC Financial 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
190 Richmond Rd, Ottawa, Ontario, K1Z 6W6 
 President’s Choice Bank (PCF) is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Loblaw Companies Limited (LCL) and was established to promote President’s Choice Financial® products and services across Canada. PCF is focused on providing everyday payment solutions and services that reward the everyday. Together with the PC Services division of Loblaws Inc. which operates in the same office location, we offer products and services in the following segments: 
 Payment Cards:  The President’s Choice Financial Mastercard® credit card offers PC OptimumTM points for every dollar spent, with no annual fee. The PC MoneyTM Account is the newest addition to the payment products offered and operated by President’s Choice Bank. The PC Money Account works like a bank account and offers PC Optimum points for every purchase, with no monthly fee. 
 Insurance:  PC® home and auto insurance are offered through PC Financial Insurance Broker Inc. and relationships with several insurance companies. 
 Telecom and Gift Cards:  The Mobile Shop, PC mobile prepaid cell phone service, and Gift Cards businesses are focused upon delivering convenience and exceptional value to LCL customers. 
 LCL is Canada’s largest food distributor and has expanded into certain non-food categories, with operations across the country. LCL concentrates on food retailing with the objective of providing consumers with the best in one-stop shopping for everyday household needs. 
 PCF and PC Services are important business units within LCL that manage and develop the products and service programs in order to improve the customer experience, maximize value, and provide a platform to enhance customer insights and relationships. Our vision is to make the everyday simple and better 
 As part of our head office team, you will deliver exceptional service and experience to our retail store customers across our network of PCF pavilions located in our various Loblaw retail banners. The ideal candidate will approach customers confidently and enthusiastically to promote and sell a variety of our products and services. You will have the opportunity to demonstrate leadership and leverage your sales experience as you become a product expert and achieve sales targets. You take pride in understanding customer needs as we continue to build a customer centric environment. 
 What you’ll need: 
Post-secondary education with minimum 1 year of customer service and sales experience in a retail or financial environment 
Excellent communication skills with demonstrated ability to engage and influence current and potential customers by understanding their needs and recommending relevant products and services 
High level of integrity and accountability as you work with confidential customer information 
A dynamic personality that thrives in an autonomous and fast paced environment 
A go-getter and results-oriented mindset who takes the initiative in managing multiple priorities and queries 
Openness to learn through daily interactions with peers and leadership 
Eagerness to pursue new challenges and opportunities to grow within the organization 
 As part of our selection process, please complete our Payments & Rewards Candidate Assessment: https://pcfinancial.traitify.com . 
 President's Choice Financial & Services offers a competitive compensation package and pays for performance! In addition, this role is a great introduction to the variety of opportunities across the enterprise. 
 Come and join a winning team who demonstrates innovation, energy, creativity and vision. We recognize the importance of a diverse workforce and we therefor encourage applications from Aboriginal Peoples, women, members of a visible minority and persons with a disability. We thank all applicants for their interest, however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Number of Openings: 
1 
 PC Financial recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants and colleagues with disabilities. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Please Note:  If you have Employee Self Service (ESS) on Workday, apply to this job via the Workday application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
