Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Cyber Security Red Teaming Specialist 
 EY 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 EY's people in more than 150 countries are committed to operating with integrity, quality and professionalism in the provision of audit, tax, transaction and advisory services. We strive to help all of our people achieve their professional and personal goals through an inclusive environment that values everyone's contributions, appreciates diversity of thought, fosters growth, and provides continuous opportunities for development. Recognized as one of Canada's top employers, EY continually strives to be a great place to work. 
 We are actively seeking a Senior Consultant to join our Cybersecurity team. As a member, you'll contribute technically to cybersecurity and IT risk client engagements and internal projects. An important part of your role will be to actively establish internal and external relationships. You'll also identify potential business opportunities for EY within existing engagements, and escalate these as appropriate. Similarly, you'll anticipate and identify risks within engagements and raise any issues with senior members of the team. In line with EY's commitment to quality, you'll confirm that work is of high quality and is reviewed by the next-level reviewer. 
 This position falls within our Advisory team, which helps our clients enhance the effectiveness of operations functions by assisting them as they shift their emphasis from transaction-level control, processing and reporting to more value driven, decision support and analytics. 
 Responsibilities: 
Client Responsibilities 
 Participate in cybersecurity and IT Risk engagements 
 Work effectively as a team member, sharing responsibility, providing support, maintaining communication, and updating senior team members on progress 
 Participate and assist in preparing for meetings with target management teams 
 Help prepare reports and schedules that will be delivered to clients and other parties 
 Develop and maintain productive working relationships with client personnel 
 Build strong internal relationships within EY Advisory Services and with other services across the organization 
 People Responsibilities 
 Contribute to people-related initiatives, including recruiting and retaining staff 
 Maintain an educational program to continually develop personal skills of staff 
 Understand and follow workplace policies and procedures 
 Qualifications 
 Desired qualifications include: 
Hands-on experience with key components of Cybersecurity including Penetration Testing, Red teaming, Vulnerability management, Network & Infrastructure security, managed detection and response. 
 Risk and compliance, security architecture, data protection, privacy, security awareness would be an asset 
 Undergraduate or masters’ degree preferably in one of the following areas: Information Security, Business Management, Information Systems, Computer Science, Engineering, and other related majors 
 Expert knowledge and practical experience with common frameworks, standards and methodologies used such as MITRE, OWASP, NIST Cybersecurity, IS 27001/2. 
 Practical experience with conducting penetration tests and executing red team engagements. 
 Proven book of business and ability to lead and grow a team. 
 Possession/working towards the following certifications:  CISSP, CISA CISM, OSCP, GPEN, GWAPT 
 Familiarity with or knowledge of cybersecurity in Industrial Control Systems and Operational Technology an asset. 
 Demonstrated leadership abilities, willingness and drive to build a national penetration testing/red teaming service line 
 Excellent interpersonal, written, verbal, communication, and presentation skills 
 Willingness and ability to travel approximately 50-70%. 
 EY is committed to inclusiveness, equity and accessibility. We encourage all qualified candidates to apply 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
