Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Senior Marketing Manager 
 Tilray 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Senior Marketing Manager - Toronto, Ontario 
 High Park Company is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Tilray, a global leader in cannabis cultivation, processing, and distribution. Tilray serves patients in Canada and around the world with a diverse range of pharmaceutical-grade medical cannabis products as High Park Company focuses on creating distinctive products for adult Canadian consumers. 
 About High Park Company 
High Park Company was established to develop, sell, and distribute inspiring and iconic adult-use cannabis brands. 
 About Tilray 
Tilray is a global pioneer in cannabis research, cultivation, processing and distribution currently serving tens of thousands of patients in ten countries spanning five continents. 
 Looking to develop your career at the forefront of a rapidly expanding industry? 
 Reporting to the Director, Brand Marketing – our Sr. Marketing Manager role is a career opportunity that puts you in the driver’s seat to build brand strategy, integrated marketing campaigns, new products and go to market actions to make High Park the #1 Cannabis company in Canada. This role requires a dynamic, collaborative and experienced Senior Marketer with commercial acumen, project management, brand foundations and a strong marketing, analytical and innovation background who can balance strategic thinking against the key execution priorities. 
 Key Responsibilities 
 Innovation pipeline:  Lead development of Flower, Vapes & Concentrate categories innovation pipeline in conjunction manage the new product development process for the category including idea generation, project management through full stage gate process, preparation of business plans, P&L management and post launch audits 
 Strategic Planning through to Brand Activation:  Create, gain alignment on and deliver a three-year brand strategy, analyzing category opportunities, identifying key consumer targets, innovation opportunities and activation strategies. Partner with consumer insights in the development of breakthrough consumer-centric programs. Execute the brand strategy through the line and measure and evaluate impact 
 Annual Planning:  Drives the planning process for the brands and initiates mid to long term objectives, strategies and plans based on category, brand, consumer, and market dynamics 
 Entrepreneurial Mindset:  Develop, deliver and iterate plans continuously with a resourceful, obsessive and fearless mindset with a focus on proving the case for brand expansion 
 Agile:  Results-orientation and ability to operate with agility to run with, test and learn approach 
 Collaboration & Integration:  Lead a cross functional and agency working team which includes but is not limited to consumer insights, internal creative team, specialty agencies, field marketing, sales, R&D and other business departments fostering and building a strong multi-functional team. Collaboration, alignment, and influence with multiple stakeholders is a key to success 
 Analysis and Reporting:  Lead the analysis and reporting of pricing, shopper, market segmentation, competitor, below the line (BTL) test market results, sku optimization, channel and portfolio strategy. Identifies salient business issues/opportunities collaborating with cross-functional teams 
 Research:  Drives the identification of consumer research objectives and consumer person, uses appropriate tools, interprets and ensures marketing programs/expenditures meet KPIs. Assists with re-design and research. Monitor product distribution and consumer reactions 
Incorporates research initiatives into consumer insights, identifying optimal consumer target and positioning 
 Financial Management:  Oversees budgets across brand 
 Media Planning:  Supports media plan development, including medium/mix analysis, weight level testing, and associated analysis to include media planning, copy testing, marketing plan optimization, creative briefing initiatives 
Requirements 
 Education:  Minimum of Bachelor’s degree – preferably in Business Administration with a concentration in Marketing. Master’s in business (MBA) or marketing a plus 
Proficiency in MS-Office with emphasis on Excel, PowerPoint, Word 
 Experience / Background:  At least +7 years of Marketing experience 
Experience in CPG, alcohol, cannabis, tobacco and/or pharmaceuticals will be an asset 
Knowledge, Skills and Attributes 
Solid experience in portfolio strategy/brand development, including brand positioning and brand launch activities 
Embodies Tilray’s values of “Act with Integrity, Be Steadfast, Care, Collaborate, and Pursue Excellence” 
Demonstrates a portfolio mindset to manage different formats & brand identity 
Strong leadership, relationship management and influence skills 
Strong financial / business acumen 
Strong digital acumen with focus on influencer, social media, and eCRM 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills, as well as outstanding aptitude for time management 
Thoroughness, creativity, interpersonal awareness, relationship management and influencing skills as well as proficiencies in problem solving, and the ability to multitask are requirements 
 Tilray welcomes applications from all qualified individuals and is committed to employment equity and diversity in the workplace. 
 Accommodations are available for applicants with disabilities throughout the recruitment process. If you require accommodations for interviews or other meetings, please advise when submitting your application. 
 Please note that Tilray does not authorize, engage, or sponsor any consultants, agencies or organizations that seek certain personal or financial information from you (e.g. passwords, login ids, credit card information). Tilray does not charge any application, processing or onboarding fee at any stage of the recruitment or hiring process. 
 When replying to emails, please ensure the sender name and email address match exactly. Please also ensure the Reply-To address matches the sending address exactly. 
If you are concerned about the authenticity of an email, letter, or call purportedly from, for, or on behalf of Tilray, please send an email inquiry to infosec@tilray.com 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
