  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
 
 Freelance Jobs from Chile 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Find the best freelancers from  Chile 
 ](https://www.workana.com/freelancers/chile) 
 3 days ago 
 I need You ! Bikini Ecommerce Shopify 
 Published: 3 days ago  Bids: 7 
 Hello ! 
I am just starting my first ecommerce. I did a loot by myself in shopify. But I need someone to help me with the design. 
Please send me some options. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : E-commerce 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have an idea 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Roles needed  : Developer, Designer 
 Published by:  M. I. S. Chile Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 100 - 250 
 6 days ago 
 Convert Matlab code to Javascript code 
 Published: 6 days ago  Bids: 2 
 I'm running psychological experiments using Matlab (PsychToolbox). I need to move to on-line experiments so I need someone that convert these experiments to JavaScript (jspsych). You should be regular user of PsychToolbox. 
 The script to be converted is in  https://github.com/joseluisblues/Transl/tree/main/FischerTask 
In this folder there several m files. The main scripts are arranged alphabetically (aa, bb ...), There are also some functions and material related to the task. 
The converted script should be fully functional to be run at  https://www.cognition.run/ 
 Contact me if you are interested and let me know how long it will take you to create the javascript code. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Data Science 
 Project size  : Large 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  J. L. U. Last reply: 6 days ago  Chile 
 USD 250 - 500 
 2 weeks ago 
 Build a Database for Prospection 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Project duration: 1 - 2 months Bids: 2 
 I need a database of founders and managers from startups and sme's of chile. Every technological company, not a marketing agencies. 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : E-mail marketing 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 Published by:  J. J. F. Last reply: 2 weeks ago  Chile 
 USD 20 - 30 / hour 
 2 weeks ago 
 E-Commerce Customer Service Specialist (Fluid English) 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Project duration: 1 - 2 months Bids: 12 
 We're looking for new specialists to join our growing online team with 3 emerging E-Commerce Brands in Consumer Goods: 
 - Flexible, Dedicated problem solver, Team Player (we want to hear about your experiences! :) ) 
- People-orientated person who enjoys helping customers + colleagues 
- Proactive about learning new software + product characteristics 
- Not afraid to step in to stop an error in progress or help upsell a customer that's shopping, independently 
- Comfortable with communication online with remote teams vias platforms such as: Shared Docs, Chats, Videocalls, Microsoft 365/Google Suite, Asana, Confluence, etc 
- Is versatile and open to adapting with the company's day-to-day challenges and growth: somedays we're on the phone working with partners and others we need to help build content for marketing campaigns; we adapt as priorities are re-defined week to week, change is welcome. 
- Position is time-zone flexible and family friendly, our focus is on meeting weekly priorities and fluid communication 
- If possible, Looking for weekend + off-peak support as much of the team operates M-F 10am-6pm EST. 
(Hablamos español y somos bilingües también :) ) 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Customer Support 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 Published by:  Sarah C. Last reply: 2 weeks ago  Chile Payment method:  __Verified 
 Less than USD 10 / hour 
 3 weeks ago 
 Scrappy & luminatti fix 
 Published: 3 weeks ago  Bids: 3 
 We have a Bug with one of our webscrappers that combines Scrappy and Luminatti proxy.  We are using this technology to connect to several entities and we have a Bug that needs quick fix 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Small 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  E. Last reply: 3 weeks ago  Chile 
 USD 50 - 100 
 Last month 
 Translate from old german to spanish 
 Published: Last month  Bids: 1 
 I have an old letter hand written that is in old german ans i need to understand it in english or spanish. We give the pictures of the letter (two pages) and we need the translation back. 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Translation 
 How many words?  : Less than 1,000 words 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  S. S. Last reply: Last month  Chile 
 Less than USD 50 
 Last month 
 Certificates 
 Published: Last month  Deadline: 109 Bids: 1 
 Connect to server for recording, issuance, or deleting of certificates. 
Server connects with REST client. Certificates is registered in format from con to base64. 
 Certificate are issued on format pdf. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Apps programming. Android, iOS and others 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Small change or bug 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have an idea 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 I need to  : Create an app 
 App type  : Management - Management application (appointments, product stock, etc.) 
 Similar apps  : Other 
 Back-end is required  : Yes 
 Payment gateway  : No 
 Published by:  J. S. Chile 
 USD 100 - 250 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
