theawkwardpint 
 Men's issues, relationships and health - Stuff blokes find hard to discuss 
 Main menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
 Search 
 GO 
   
 Tag Archives: depression university jobs travelling 
 March 21, 2012 
 University graduate beats depression after two year battle 
 ‘I’m so depressed’. These three words are often used in a jokey way, mainly to describe a mild frustration. But what if you really are depressed? As a bloke do you ‘man up’ and suffer on your own in silence or do you give in and eventually deal with the fact that you have a medical condition that needs treating? 
 This article tells the story of Martin Bowe, who became depressed in the two years which followed university. 
 
 Martin (on the right) at university 
 Continue reading -> 
 
 Posted in  Health ,  Personal Stories ,  University 
 Tagged  depression university jobs travelling 
 2 Comments 
 
 Post navigation 
 Categories 
 
 Fitness 
 Health 
 Lifestyle 
 Man of the Week 
 Personal Stories 
 Relationships 
 Religion and Culture 
 Uncategorized 
 University 
 
 Man of the Week- Actor, Dustin Hoffman 
 
 This week, The Awkward Pint are awarding 'Man of the Week' to Actor, Dustin Hoffman. Hoffman, 74, assisted jogger, Sam Dempster after he collapsed in Hyde Park. Hoffman alerted the paramedics and stayed with Mr. Dempster until the paramedics showed. Have a pint on us Dustin! 
 Who's having a pint with us? 
 
 17,675 pints 
 
 
 
 
 We're covering: 
 Alcohol   asian   awkward   baby   Bar   body conscious   Bolton Wanderers   boys   bradford   cancer   carbohydrate   Cardiologist   crying   dad   depression university jobs travelling   Dr Andrew Deaner   epilepsy   Fabrice Muamba   family   fatherhood   fire   fit   fitness   girlfriend   gym   Health   healthy   housemates   job   ketosis   kid   lads   leukaemia   lifestyle   London Chest Hospital   man of the week   mature student   men issues   mens issues   Michael Apps   muscle   muslim   overweight   pakistan   Petrov   polls   porn   pregnancy   pregnant   Relationships   religion   religion and culture   royalty   seizure   sheffield   sheffield ski village   ski   slim   snowboard   sport   stress   Student   Students   Summer   Temporal Lobe   Tennis   Tottenham Hotspur   training   trauma   un-employed   Union   University   weightloss   White Heart Lane   workout 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 RT @ weareshusnow : RT “@ megsbaldwin : Check out Online Mag @ TheAwkwardPint  Pronto!”  #Notbad !  #Notbadatall !  8 years ago 
 RT @ megsbaldwin : Check out Online Mag @ TheAwkwardPint  Pronto!  8 years ago 
 Remember to check out other stories on the website by @ RealJonty  on bullying   theawkwardpint.wordpress.com/2012/05/03/bul…  and Debt   theawkwardpint.wordpress.com/2012/04/29/deb…   #JPP12   8 years ago 
 Take a look at the article then watch the video...   fb.me/20cVc8C8q   8 years ago 
 Check out @ RealJonty  latest article around gym etiquette   theawkwardpint.wordpress.com/2012/05/11/gym…  @ MensHealthMag  @ MensHumor  NIce vid ft. @ Appy88   #JPP12   8 years ago 
 
 Follow @theawkwardpint 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Man of the Week: Tim Smyczek is a winner 
 Gym Etiquette: How to act when attending the gym 
 Losing a Friend 
 Anabolic Steroids, "Nobody likes a cheater." 
 Lets talk testicals. 
 
 Archives 
 
 January 2015 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 
 The Awkward Pint Team 
 
   jontybayliss 
 
 Man of the Week: Tim Smyczek is a winner 
 Gym Etiquette: How to act when attending the gym 
 Dustin Hoffman helps collapsed jogger in Hyde Park 
 Bullying: 'When it starts to get personal, it upsets me' 
 Debt: 'I often find it hard to get to sleep' 
 Dr. Andrew Deaner is our man of the week after he rushed to the aid of Fabrice Muamba 
 
 
   mclarkson88 
 
 Father of three determined to stay positive after separation 
 What is Acute Leukaemia? 
 University graduate beats depression after two year battle 
 Living as a university student with epilepsy 
 
 
   Meg Baldwin 
 
 Lets talk testicals. 
 Sheffield Ski Village fire left me unemployed 
 My Dad had cancer. 
 Last weeks 'Men of the Week' 
 Living with Lads: “Keeping George out of mischief is IMPOSSIBLE!” 
 
 
   mikeapps7 
 
 Anabolic Steroids, "Nobody likes a cheater." 
 UK Muslim students: "People don't understand why we don't celebrate Christmas." 
 Your Guide To Getting In Shape For The Summer 
 I’m Going To Be A Dad! 
 
 
   theawkwardpint 
 
 Losing a Friend 
 First date nerves 
 Student lifestyle caused my insomnia 
 Man of the Week…Ron Burgandy 
 Could you ever give up alcohol completely? 
 “I quit University because I don’t drink alcohol" 
 Is there ever a right time to have children? 
 Would you know what to do if someone had a fit in front of you? 
 
 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
