Work To The Wise 
 
 Home 
 Brain at Work 
 Workplace Tips 
 Job Search Cafe 
 Career Coaching 
 
 Putting the power of job change in YOUR hands 
 You are here:  Home  /  Job interviews  / Job Rejected You? Sample Rejection "Thank You" Note 
 Job Rejected You? Sample Rejection "Thank You" Note 
 By  Ronnie Ann   Leave a Comment 
 So you're probably wondering why anyone would want to thank a company for rejecting them. That's certainly NOT your first reaction. Well, since you didn't get the job anyway, what could it hurt to try once more to connect? This sample rejection thank you note may just help you plant a seed that grows! 
 In my own career, more than once I wound up getting a job that I was not the first candidate for. Well, it was usually because I was trying to talk my way into a job where I didn't have direct experience. (Will talk about that later on in this post.) 
 While not always successful, on occasion persistence can pay off. And so can  networking and relationship building over time . You never know when an impression you leave after an interview leads to a job in the future. Now for that sample… 
 SAMPLE REJECTION THANK YOU NOTE 
 Your name 
Your street address 
City, state and zip code 
Your phone number 
Your email address 
 Today’s date 
 Person’s name and title 
Name of company 
Company street address 
Company city, state and zip code 
 Dear (name of interviewer or contact person at the company), 
 Thank you again for the interview opportunity. It was a pleasure meeting (all of) you and getting a first-hand look at ________, a company I would still very much like to work for one day. 
 [Optional short paragraph mentioning something you learned about the company that impressed you or something the person said to you that you take away from the experience.] 
 Please keep me in mind should another opening come up for which you feel I would be a good match. I’d love the chance to show you just how much I can bring to the job and company! 
 Best regards, 
 (your name) 
 {©WorkToTheWise.com 2021. All rights reserved.] 
 
 More about that rejection thank you note 
 It's important to use your own words when you write to a company. And a format that fits the note you're sending, of course. Email? Snail mail typed / handwritten? (Probably best for this purpose.) 
 While samples and templates can be helpful, borrowed words often ring false. Or just plain empty and boring. Make your rejection thank you letter short (one page), to the point, and personalized based on your interview. Or relevant information inspired by your interview. 
 Also … please don't be disappointed if you don't hear back from the person or anyone. Seeds can be planted anyway, either for a future job there or one they hear about. Especially if you impressed them. And as I said you have nothing to lose by trying. 
 Most important of all … keep looking for a job in the meantime. One of the biggest job search mistakes people make is putting all their job search eggs in just one company's basket. 
 Even if this seems like the most wonderful job in the world, the next one might be even better. Or maybe good for you in a different way. But a  job only lets you know if it 's truly good  once you're in it. 
 Some of my "got a job anyway" rejection stories 
 Over the years, I found quite a few jobs because of my  professional network  -- old or new. One job came to me from someone I met at a barbecue, of all places. He was a friend of a friend. Clearly  networking  can happen anywhere! 
 Job story #1 
 Having heard that I wanted to switch to non-profit and inspired by my enthusiasm, he got me an interview with a non-profit company. The power of networking. Oh … I didn't get THAT job. But I did send a rejection thank you note. 🙂 
 Well, despite no offer, the Executive Director liked me. And she recommended me for a job she heard of later on. And I got that job. While I didn't quite have the experience, recommendations from respected people can go far to help your job search. 
 Job story #2 
 My second story about rejection leading to success happened with yet another job I wasn't exactly qualified for. No direct experience with the main function of the job. But I argued that I had  transferable skills  that would match well. (This had been another networking referral.) 
 Although I wound up being their second choice, they offered the job to someone who claimed to be an expert. But she was awful. And luckily they remembered me. Not only because of the original recommendation and my follow-up rejection thank you note, but because I had done one extra memorable thing. 
 Knowing that my direct credentials were weak, I went to visit one of their projects and wrote an article based on my favorable impressions. Leaving a favorable impression is a big part of successful job search. And they called me after they fired the other person, and offered me the job. 
 I took it. And I made lifelong friends. Coincidentally, one of the people I connected with there was a Board member. And he got me to my next job. I think you're seeing the power of both networking and follow-through -- and a strong belief in yourself, even when you face rejection. 
 And if do you keep getting rejected for a job… 
 Maybe your approach needs some brushing up? Sometimes it's as simple as you aren't targeting this specific job directly enough. Or creating that one-to-one connection that can do so much to get you remembered -- and hired! 
 Some posts to help your job search 
 Is Your Online Reputation Hurting Your Job Search? 
 Will Volunteering During Job Search Get You a Job? 
 Job Search Blues: Will I EVER Find a Job? 
 What are Informationals or Informational Interviews? 
 12 Things You Need To Know BEFORE a Job Interview 
 Job Interview Nerves? Tips for Before, During & After 
 What Is Being Overqualified for a Job? 
 18 Practical Tips to Help You Ace Your Job Interview 
 15 Things I Look for When I Interview People 
 ⇒ EXTRA:  10 Impressions You Leave After an Interview 
 Why Does It Take So Long After Your Interview? 
 Stuck in the Waiting Game After 2nd Interview 
 They Reposted the Job. Should I Kiss It Good-Bye? 
 I Messed Up My Job Interview – What Can I Do? 
 10 Reasons You Didn’t Get the Job Offer 
 Should You Send a Post-Interview Thank You? [Sample] 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Pocket 
 LinkedIn 
 Reddit 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 Related 
 Filed Under:  Job interviews 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Comment 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. 
 Notify me of new posts by email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 CLICK HERE for latest articles! 
 ------------------ 
 NEED CAREER COACHING? 
 Find out more 
 ------------------ 
 
 About 
 Welcome to Work To The Wise! I'm Ronnie Ann, and I created this site to help you make sense of the world of work. …  More 
 Search by Topic 
 
 Favorite work posts 
 Workplace Problems 
 Are You Feeling Incompetent at Work? 
 How To Deal With a Bully Boss 
 My Boss Is So Incompetent! 
 15 Mistakes Inexperienced Managers Make 
 What To Do If Your Boss Takes You For Granted 
 Coworker Plays Music Too Loud 
 Reasons You're Thinking of Leaving Your Job 
 Why Are You So Afraid To Ask for a Raise? 
 5 Workplace Fears That Limit Your Success 
 Why Do I Always Have Bad Luck in Jobs? 
 When Emotions Take Over In the Workplace 
 My Job Is So Boring. Should I Quit? 
 Help! My Boss Makes Me Feel Stupid 
 Changing Jobs from the Inside 
 Real Problem (Maybe) If Your Job Feels Wrong 
 How Changing Your Attitude Can Change Your Job! 
 How To Change Your Job Without Quitting 
 What To Do If Your Job Makes You Miserable 
 How To Quit a Job (Without Hurting Yourself) 
 Looking for a new job? 
 JOB SEARCH, RESUME & INTERVIEW TIPS 
 BROWSE SITE CATEGORIES 
 BROWSE SITE CATEGORIES Select Category After the interview Annoying coworkers Asking for a raise Career growth Change at work Dealing with bosses Dream jobs Earning more money Gratitude Health & Job Stress Interview questions Interview references Job interview tips Job interviews Job offers Job performance Job search Managing staff Networking Nonprofits Personal growth & development Resume tips Retirement dreams Uncategorized Unhappy at work Volunteer work Work and life balance Workplace communication Workplace relationships Workplace solutions Your brain at work Zen at work 
 PLEASE REMEMBER  If Your Boss Treats You Badly, Why It’s Not Your Fault!  --------------- 
 Browse by topic! 
 JOB SEARCH & INTERVIEWS 
 Bosses & Coworkers 
  WORKPLACE PROBLEMS  
  EMOTIONS AT WORK  
 WORK-LIFE BALANCE 
  CAREER DICTIONARY  
 
 Subscribe Via Email! 
 Email Address 
 Subscribe 
 
 Need more help? 
 -- ------------------- 
 PRIVACY POLICY 
 -- ------------------- 
 Publishing Rights 
 All writing on Work To The Wise ©2021 is the exclusive property of WorkToTheWise.com, unless otherwise indicated. All rights reserved. 
 Legal Stuff 
 Suggestions or ideas offered on this blog are for educational purposes only. Any actions you take as a result are your sole responsibility. 
 Follow on Twitter 
 Copyright (C) 2021 ·  eleven40 Pro Theme  on  Genesis Framework  · Hosted by GreenGeeks 
