
 Role 
 Description 
 
 Like what you see? Apply Now or hit the back button to search additional career options. 
 Senior Counsel Employment Law 
 Apply Now 
 Power Home Remodeling is a company founded on equal parts hard work and positivity. We believe that “dream” and “achieve” are not mutually exclusive. That philosophy has served us well in becoming FORTUNE Magazine’s #1 Workplace for Millennials and one of Glassdoor’s Best Places to Work. 
90% of our executives begin their careers in entry-level positions because we recruit, train, and retain talented individuals with a drive to succeed. Power is more than a home remodeling company. Power is a dream realization, technology-innovation, community-advocacy, expectation-shattering, happiness-maximizing company dedicated to improvement, both for our customers, and ourselves. 
 Position Summary: 
 As the Senior Counsel- Employment Law, this attorney is responsible for assisting the General Counsel and Human Resources department in the management and handling of all employment related matters in the Company. This position is located in Chester, Pennsylvania at corporate headquarters for Power Home Remodeling. The attorney will manage all employment related legal matters, provide general counseling to various business and HR partners, consult with and manage outside counsel, and assist the General Counsel, to whom the Senior Counsel will report. The attorney will also advise and assist with Company-wide policies relating to employee benefits. 
 This attorney performs job duties consistent within safety, legal, and regulatory requirements as well as Company values, standards, culture and business practices. This attorney will act with the highest level of integrity and business and personal ethical standards in all aspects of job performance. 
 Essential Duties And Responsibilities: 
 
 Works collaboratively with all levels of employees with diverse backgrounds within a fast-paced environment. 
 Provides in-house legal counsel on employment related matters, which may include, but not limited to, human resources issues, internal investigations, federal and state wage and hour laws, compensations plans, workers’ compensation, unemployment and other state agency claims, employee benefits, immigration matters, employment agreements and policy related issues, FMLA and ADA accommodation requests, employment related litigation, mediations, and arbitration, and generally assists the General Counsel and Human Resources Department. 
 Ensures compliance with all applicable laws, regulations and policies. 
 Participates in and influences the decision-making process with appropriate clients and stakeholders. 
 Identifies and assesses legal risks and opportunities within the labor and employment area and advises accordingly. 
 Independently handles legal matters and projects ranging from basic to complex. 
 Recognizes when to elevate certain matters to the attention of the General Counsel. 
 Supervises, manages and evaluates outside counsel on employment related matters including litigation. 
 Educates clients and stakeholders on legal matters, policies and procedures and creates and provides training. 
 Advocates Power’s interests in assigned matters. 
 Establishes and maintains relationships, credibility and trust with clients, stakeholders, legal team members and other colleagues. 
 Perform other tasks, even those not related to employment matters, as assigned from time to time by the General Counsel. 
 Ability to travel at times, including weekends. 
 
 Job Requirements Knowledge, Skills & Abilities : 
 
 Competence as a lawyer; ability to manage heavy workload in a high-pressure environment and reprioritize with little direction. 
 Creative problem solving skills with the ability to propose solutions that are not only legally compliant, but consistent with business plans and strategies. 
 Good communication (oral and written) and interpersonal skills within and across departments and externally; must be proactive in providing counsel to clients. 
 Sound judgment; ability to clearly make reasoned recommendations; ability to cross think and determine who should be kept informed. 
 Self-starter with developed business acumen and a sense of urgency, honesty and fairness. 
 Team player, patient listener, and calm under pressure. 
 Self-confident and inspires confidence from clients. 
 
 Required Education & Experience: 
 
 Must have a JD degree from an accredited law school and admitted to practice in Pennsylvania and/or New Jersey. 
 Must have a minimum of seven years of substantive employment experience with a corporate legal department or a nationally recognized law firm. 
 Must have experience in handling employment matters before federal, state courts and administrative agencies. 
 Must have experience in counseling clients on employment matters, preferably in an in-house environment. 
 Committed to being a legal business partner to internal clients. 
 Strong writing skills required. 
 Strong communication skills required. 
 Previous in-house experience a plus. 
 Previous experience representing a sales organization a plus. 
 
 Work Environment: 
 
 The Senior Counsel – Employment Law works in an office environment. This role routinely uses standard office equipment such as a computer or phone. Some travel is required. 
 
 Apply Now 
 Power Home Remodeling Group is an equal opportunity employer and we are committed to hiring a diverse and talented workforce. 
 ** 
 Thanks again for your interest in PHRG. 
 ** 
 PHRG is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to diversity in our workspace. 
 © Copyright 2021 PHRG - All rights reserved. 
