
 About Kate Jones 
 Here a Kate, there a Kate 
 Writing and speaking 
 
  How IC it  
 What I like in the world of internal communications and employee engagement. 
 Archive for the tag "new job" 
  01 Jan 2016  
 2 Comments 
 The obligatory new year, new job post 
 'New year, new job' may be a tired recruitment cliché but on the first working day of 2016, it will be a reality for me. It's been great to meet up with my new boss ahead of my first day and my brain is already whirring with ideas for the first priorities we discussed over lunch. (Lunch on the new boss is a very civilised way to start a new job and I heartily recommend it to anyone!) 
 I know at least one of my Twitter network is also off to a new role so it struck me that today is a good day to share tips and ideas for surviving, delivering and, of course, enjoying the first 100 days. 
 These are extended thoughts from the points I contributed to a hand little guide produced by Gatehouse Group. The full version includes tips from other comms pros and you can  download it here . 
 1. Don’t neglect your LAST 100 days in the old job.  How you leave is as important as how you arrive. 
 2. Go on tour:  get out and about to the frontline – call listening, the shop floor, the factory canteen – and drink a lot of coffee with people doing real jobs in the real world. 
 3. Listen, absorb, digest:  learn what recent sources of insight are saying, from the satisfaction survey to channel metrics. 
 4. Beware  red deckchairs :  just because something worked well at your old place doesn’t mean it’s right for the new one. Strike the words “When I was at…” from your vocabulary. 
 5. Look for quick wins:  where can you get involved with a project and deliver results? And there’s nothing wrong with keeping a list of your achievements in your first three months. You’ll soon forget them as the days begin to fly by and you get down in the detail. 
 6. Mind the gap:  talk to the CEO, the Board, your senior stakeholders and your team to see what they think your role is there to do. 
 7. Start close to home:  The most useful question I asked my virtual team was “What do you want from my role – and what’s the WORST thing I could do?” 
 8. Find a compass:  someone who can help you navigate the structure and counsel you on how things will land. In my past that has sometimes been my boss, but it’s also been a switched-on HR Business Partner and a team leader in a customer contact centre who I met in my second week. 
 9. Get to know the real power-holders:  the directors’ PAs, the Facilities teams, all important to have on side as you’ll be calling on their support. Ditto if you work somewhere with in-house design or printing facilities. Take them a tin of biscuits and go and learn how their set-up works and what they can offer. 
 10. Wear an awesome frock.  Never underestimate the power of sartorial armour / confidence trickery. 
 Best of luck if you're starting or seeking your next internal comms role in 2016! And if you're looking for ways to be extra awesome in your existing job, take a look back at  my New Year's Resolutions for comms folk . 
 Posted in  Internal communication tips  and tagged  internal communication ,  new job 
 Post Navigation 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Why Hamilton the musical is all about communication 
 On new beginnings 
 The Big Yak: Generation IC 
 The obligatory new year, new job post 
 Kids Company and the curse of the charismatic leader 
 
 
 
 Tags 
 
 
 Advanced Diploma   apostrophe   Big Yak   budget   channels   CIPR   communications plan   conferences   CPD   ebola   employee engagement   engagement   events   Gatehouse   grammar   Headlines   infographic   inter   internal communication   internal communications   IoIC   learning   line manager communication   line managers   measurement   Melcrum   new job   pandemic   print   Professional certification   professional qualification   publishing   qualification   qualifications   resolutions   Seven deadly sins   skills   toolkit   Twitter 
 
 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 
 
 My Tweets 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tips from the pros:…  on  The obligatory new year, new j… 
 
 
 
 
 
 joneskate  on  My dad doesn’t understand me!… 
 
 
 
 John Wade  on  My dad doesn’t understand me!… 
 
 
 Jenny Hoolihan on  The obligatory new year, new j… 
 
 
 
 
 [All Things IC 
 A pr…](http://www.allthingsic.com/tby2016/) on  The Big Yak: Generation I… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 May 2019 
 April 2017 
 September 2016 
 January 2016 
 August 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 April 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 Conferences and events 
 Interests and pastimes 
 Internal communication skills 
 Internal communication tips 
 Line manager communication 
 Measurement 
 Uncategorized 
 Values 
 
 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
