Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Part Time Education Coordinator 
 Oxford Learning Centre Brooklin 
 __Whitby, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Part-Time Education Coordinator ( Position is currently virtual ) 
 If you are enthusiastic, outgoing, positive, and want to work in an environment that is full of energy, then Oxford Learning Brooklin has a position for you! 
 As a successful Education Coordinator: 
 
 You will champion the Oxford curriculum, manage and ensure the quality of education standards and teaching staff. 
 Host/run the virtual classes. 
 You will communicate with parents to keep them informed on program progress and alter program prescriptions to best suit the student. 
 You will administer Oxford Dynamic Assessments, customize goal-based programs for Oxford Students and monitor programs for performance, establish relationships and communications with students’ school teachers for insights on progress at school. 
 Create a positive online learning environment for the student during all phases of the instructional program. 
 A light teaching schedule is required in addition to the administrative tasks. 
 
 A great candidate for this position will possess the following skills: 
 
 Strong English language written and oral communication skills. 
 High ability to organize and multi-task. 
 Professionalism, creative and eager to learn. 
 Experience working with children is preferred. 
 
 We Require: 
 
 
 High motivation to be successful 
 
 
 A College or University degree 
 
 
 From 1-3 years of post undergraduate life experience 
 
 
 Able to work Monday-Thursday evenings 4-8pm virtually 
 
 
 In Centre training may be needed 
 
 
 Position may transition to in person in the future 
 
 
 Minimum 1 year commitment 
 
 
 If you possess all of the above qualities and want to join our team, then please contact us. Only candidates who meet our competency requirements will be contacted. 
 Part-time hours: 14-16 per week 
 Expected start date: 2021-01-04 
 Job Type: Part-time 
 Benefits: 
 
 Work from home 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 Location: 
 
 Whitby, ON (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 Yes, temporarily due to COVID-19 
 
 COVID-19 Precaution(s): 
 
 Remote interview process 
 Personal protective equipment provided or required 
 Plastic shield at work stations 
 Temperature screenings 
 Social distancing guidelines in place 
 Virtual meetings 
 Sanitizing, disinfecting, or cleaning procedures in place 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
