Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Claims Support Assistant 
 ICBC 
 __Duncan, BC 
 Apply Now 
 At ICBC, it’s our job to make sure the car insurance system works for all British Columbians, today and in the future. If you want 
 to make the most of your skills and expertise while growing your career, we want you. A career at ICBC is an opportunity to be 
 part of a talented, diverse and inclusive team that is driven to serve its customers and community. You can expect a competitive 
 salary, comprehensive benefits and a collaborative work environment. If you are reliable and dependable, contact us today to be 
 part of our talented and diverse team as we work together to create an insurance system we can all be proud of. 
 We welcome applications from all qualified job seekers. If you are a job seeker with a disability, please let us know as 
 adjustments can be made to help support you in delivering your best performance. 
 Claims Support Assistant 
 Job Title:  Claims Support Assistant Reference Number: 113757 
 Location:  Duncan Employment Type: Temporary Full Time 
 Hours of Work:  7.5 hr Day Shift (M-F) Posted Date: 2020/11/26 
 Position Highlights 
 We are looking for dynamic, proactive and organized administrative support professionals to join our team and provide general 
 administrative support to our Claims Department for an initial term of six (6) months. 
 Your administrative experience and customer service skills are essential in this fast-paced, service oriented environment. 
 Your responsibilities may include: 
 
 Greeting customers and responding to enquiries in person and on the phone 
 Performing a variety of administrative support functions such as filing, sorting mail, paying bills and arranging meetings 
 Preparing and reviewing reports and documents for accuracy and error correction 
 Completing correspondence and memos 
 Maintaining and updating all statistical documents 
 Assisting in opening, maintaining and closing claim files 
 Recording and sorting customer belongings retrieved from vehicles 
 Preparing file documents for records retention. 
 
 Position Requirements 
 Your qualifications will include: 
 
 A minimum typing speed of 40 net words per minute with a 90% accuracy level 
 A minimum data entry speed of 5000 net key strokes per hour with a 95% accuracy level 
 Strong customer service skills 
 Initiative and good judgment to be proactive and determine priorities 
 Ability to multi-task, prioritize and to be flexible to adapt to changing work demands, volumes and schedules 
 Attention to detail and focus on accuracy 
 Good verbal and written communication skills 
 Proficiency with relevant computer applications including Microsoft Word, Excel 
 High school graduation and some combination of coursework in Administrative program and/or experience in an office 
 
 environment 
 
 Dicta-typing proficiency is an asset. 
 
 The hourly rate for this temporary position is $22.72, plus payment in lieu of vacation and benefits. 
 Only candidates legally entitled to work in Canada at present will be considered for this position 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
