Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Customer Representative - Nashwaaksis, NB (Casual) 
 Scotiabank 
 __Fredericton, NB 
 Apply Now 
 Requisition ID:  74099 
 Join the Global Community of Scotiabankers to help customers become better off. 
 About the role 
What you’ll be doing… 
The most important characteristic of our Customer Representatives is their ability to help our clients. Scotiabank is a place where we put our customers first, and our priority is to help them achieve their financial goals. 
 Our Customer Representatives are people-centric and able to connect with customers in a relatable way. As an essential member of the Canadian Banking Branch network, the focus is to provide exceptional service throughout the customer’s journey by: 
 Taking a proactive approach to discovering our customer’s needs and listening to understand what they are asking for 
Nurturing rich, long-standing relationships 
Being a technology expert and share your knowledge by introducing clients to our mobile banking applications and assisting them to better manage their banking needs 
 What you’ve learned… 
 How to build strong customer relationships and deliver excellent customer service 
How to uncover and solve the customers’ needs 
How to explain complicated things simply 
Demonstrated success in a target based performance environment, as well as contribute positively to a team-oriented work environment 
Demonstrated an eagerness to learn and determination to succeed 
 What we’re offering… 
 The opportunity to join a forward-thinking organization surrounded by a collaborative team of innovative thinkers 
A rewarding career path with diverse opportunities for professional development 
A competitive compensation and benefits package 
Internal training to support your career growth and enhance your skills 
An organization committed to making a difference in our communities – for you and our customers 
 Location(s):  Canada : New Brunswick : Fredericton 
 As Canada's International Bank, we are a diverse and global team. We speak more than 100 languages with backgrounds from more than 120 countries. Our employees are committed to a superior customer experience and use the Bank’s six guiding sales practice principles to ensure they act with honesty and integrity. 
 At Scotiabank, we value the unique skills and experiences each individual brings to the Bank, and are committed to creating and maintaining an inclusive and accessible environment for everyone. If you require accommodation (including, but not limited to, an accessible interview site, alternate format documents, ASL Interpreter, or Assistive Technology) during the recruitment and selection process, please let our Recruitment team know. If you require technical assistance, please click here. Candidates must apply directly online to be considered for this role. We thank all applicants for their interest in a career at Scotiabank; however, only those candidates who are selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
