Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Director, Corporate Communications 
 Sun Life Financial 
 __Waterloo, ON 
 Apply Now 
 You are as unique as your background, experience and point of view. Here, you’ll be encouraged, empowered and challenged to be your best self. You'll work with dynamic colleagues - experts in their fields - who are eager to share their knowledge with you. Your leaders will inspire and help you reach your potential and soar to new heights. Every day, you'll have new and exciting opportunities to make life brighter for our Clients - who are at the heart of everything we do. Discover how you can make a difference in the lives of individuals, families and communities around the world. 
 Job Description: 
Do you want to play a leadership role in driving strategic communications in support of Sun Life Canada’s business priorities? Are you an experienced Director of Corporate Communications who is passionate about telling stories internally and externally, creating engaging employee experiences and working collaboratively with stakeholders to deliver results? If the answer is ‘yes’, read more to see if this role could be a fit for you. 
 In addition to the skills below, we're looking for a passionate team player who is proactive, positive and proven in their ability to roll up their sleeves and play a leadership role on our broader Corporate Communications team supporting key company initiatives. This role reports into the AVP of Corporate Communications, Sun Life Canada. 
 What will you do? 
 
 Create and execute internal and external communications plans in support of strategic initiatives for the Sun Life Canada business, specifically supporting Sun Life Canada cross-functional teams including Office of the President, Operations, Finance and Growth & Strategy. 
 Write and create engaging communications with a passion for telling compelling stories 
 Counsel senior leaders on communication issues and change priorities 
 Drive proactive and compelling media relations, social media, and manage reputational issues 
 Collaborate with communications teams across the enterprise to ensure alignment and prioritization with the employee experience top of mind. 
 Coach team members in their professional development 
 Fuel employee engagement by delivering strategic and visual internal communications tied to Sun Life's business priorities 
 Serve as a change agent for delivering new and interactive ways to communicate to employees 
 Solve day-to-day issues based on expertise and collaboration with others to find practical solutions 
 Own metrics and measurement of employee communications and media coverage 
 
 What do you need to succeed? 
 
 Experienced Communications leader with internal communications and media relations expertise 
 Strong story telling skills and an eye for graphic design to support the delivery of impactful communications campaigns 
 Self-starter with a proactive ability to initiate integrated communications plans, to own execution and measure results across multiple channels 
 Strong issues management skills to quickly analyze issues, understand business impacts and deliver communications to mitigate issues 
 Ability to advise and counsel senior executives and adapt to meet their business needs 
 A proven strategic ability to lead a team to plan, prioritize and collaborate with others to meet tight deadlines and deliver measurable results based on communications plans 
 Ability to manage and coach team members to help them grow and develop 
 Excellent interpersonal, leadership, negotiation and project management skills 
 
 Assets: 
 
 10+ years of experience in communications, media relations 
 Bilingual (English, French) 
 Social media expertise and presence on LinkedIn, Twitter and other channels 
 Understanding of the financial, health and insurance business landscape 
 Graphic design experience 
 
 What's in it for you? 
 
 20 days vacation per year 
 Flexible Benefits from the day you join to meet the needs of you and your family 
 Pension, stock and savings programs to help build and enhance your future financial security 
 Wellness programs that support the three pillars of your health - mental, physical and financial 
 Fitness and wellness programs that help you balance work and life and enjoy a healthier lifestyle 
 
 The Base Pay range is for the primary location for which the job is posted. It may vary depending on the work location of the successful candidate or other factors. In addition to Base Pay, eligible Sun Life employees participate in various incentive plans, payment under which is discretionary and subject to individual and company performance. Certain sales focused roles have sales incentive plans based on individual or group sales results. 
 Diversity and inclusion have always been at the core of our values at Sun Life. A diverse workforce with wide perspectives and creative ideas benefits our clients, the communities where we operate and all of us as colleagues. We welcome applications from qualified individuals from all backgrounds. 
 Persons with disabilities who need accommodation in the application process or those needing job postings in an alternative format may e-mail a request to thebrightside@sunlife.com. 
 We thank all applicants for showing an interest in this position. Only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Salary Range: 
93,800/93 800 - 153,200/153 200 
 Job Category: 
Communications 
 Posting End Date: 
02/12/2020 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
