Work With Craft 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 Professionals 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Our Plans 
 
 
 __  Post Job 
 
 
 __  Sign Up 
 
 
 __  Log In 
 
 
 __Menu 
 Sr. Web Developer LOCALPERMANENT 
 Job Description 
 Who We Are… 
 Merithot is a fast-growing boutique creative marketing firm in downtown Ann Arbor on a mission to help awesome companies create remarkable brands, websites and content. We balance the client’s vision with what makes a brand and marketing strategy successful. Our work helps the businesses we partner with to face unique and exciting challenges with the confidence that they will be reaching their target audience with an identity that builds trust and converts. When we partner with a brand, we’re confident that through our integrated design and marketing approach, you can rest assured that your brand will be beautifully represented – no matter what exciting direction your business takes. 
 Who You Are… 
 The role of Web Developer will collaborate creatively with the Merithot team and play a critical role in building and maintaining well-designed, well-coded, responsive websites for our clients using content management systems such as Wordpress, Shopify, Craft CMS and Craft Commerce. While this role will have many opportunities for growth and new experiences, these are the skills we think are important: 
 
 You’re comfortable with HTML, CSS, PHP, JavaScript and you write clean, maintainable code 
 When it comes to hosting and DNS settings shenanigans, you’ve seen it all. 
 You communicate and collaborate effectively with creative stakeholders – the product only gets better when everyone’s stake in a project is heard and represented! 
 You have a good UX/UI instinct – A beautiful site’s great, but is it intuitive and easy to navigate? 
 You’re organized and value communication – Whether it’s setting a reasonable timeline to be sure we can get everything just right or working our way through QA before launch, help us help you get the time and resources you need! 
 You’re always learning – You’ve got a folder of Codepens bookmarked! You read about frameworks and JS libraries to wind down! There are always new and interesting ways to enhance a site and you’re excited by the prospect of finding a new way to improve your skills. 
 
 An Enormous Plus… 
 
 Familiarity and experience with the Shopify Liquid templating language 
 Familiarity and experience with Craft CMS and Craft Commerce, which uses the PHP templating engine, Twig 
 Version control is your middle name 
 Experience designing/prototyping websites as well. 
 
 Taking Care of Our Team… 
 We believe that when we take care of people, people take care of us. That’s why Merithot offers a competitive salary, encourages members to find professional development opportunities (like trainings and certifications) and provides health, dental and vision benefits and encourages team members to take time off and relax. Did we also mention that our office is in the heart of downtown Ann Arbor!? 
 How to Apply 
 Please email  [email protected]  with some basic information about yourself, and a resume, or portfolio website, or a few samples of work – we're flexible! 
 Contact Info 
 
 __ 
 
 Company:  Merithot Creative Marketing 
 
 __ 
 
 Location:  Ann Arbor, MI 
 
 __ 
 
 Email Address: 
 
 __ 
 
 Website:   www.merithot.com 
 __  Posted May 3, 2019 
 Follow Us 
 
 __ 
 __ 
 
 Work With Craft (C) 2021. All Rights Reserved. 
