Workplace Insiders 
 Helping People Navigate the Workplace 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Meet the Insiders 
 
   
 <- Email in the Workplace: Do’s and Don’t’s 
 Just Say Hello - and Goodbye -> 
 Interviewing job applicants: What works, What doesn't 
 Posted on  May 3, 2016  |  Leave a comment 
 Over the past few weeks I’ve had several conversations with supervisors about hiring new staff members. Those conversations, along with a book I’ve been listening to (Work Rules, by Google’s Laszlo Bock,  https://www.workrules.net/  ) have made me think, again, about how much misinformation there is on the topic of job interviews. 
 We see all sorts of “personality tests” promising to get us the perfect team member, and clever trick questions to ask to reveal someone’s creativity or true nature (“if you were an animal, what animal would you be?”). We see all sorts of questions about most recently read books and favorite films. All these are great fun if you are having coffee or lunch, getting to know someone. Unfortunately, none of them do what job interview questions are supposed to do: predict who will do the best job for you. Even Google found that out when they tried all these…and none of them worked to find them the best employees they were seeking! 
 As you might imagine, there has been a great deal of research on this topic.  https://www.bostonglobe.com/ideas/2013/11/24/want-best-person-for-job-don-interview/3LB4rwjf6i88GfaDoRubLN/story.html  One thing is clear: unstructured interviews, or interviews with the above kinds of questions, are considerably worse at predicting who the best employee will be than even mere chance (just toss a coin – it’s easier!) We’re just not very good at judging people (witness the divorce rate, where the dating process should provide us with a lot more time and information). We need a structured process to make any kind of interview actually serve as a predictive tool. 
 So, what to do? Here are a few key things to remember when you’re conducting a hiring process, and interview: 
 
 Ensure that all of your hiring criteria are related to the job you’re filling..  Seems obvious, right? But it’s not. For example, you might believe that all good employees need a college degree. But is it really required for the Administrative Assistant you’re hiring? You might be missing out on a great candidate by creating requirements that don’t reflect the job. 
 Don’t’ judge applications on neatness, correct spelling, etc. UNLESS these are legitimate job requirements . Hiring a grounds keeper? Skip evaluating the neatness of the application and find out how much she knows about plants. 
 Don’t judge interviewees on their ability to be interviewed UNLESS that’s part of the job.  Unless you’re hiring a press secretary, head of an organization or company, NFL player or political candidate, most jobs don’t require the employee to respond to panels of questioners. The candidate will be nervous, and that’s ok. Judge the quality of their response – not how nervous they are. 
 Ask the greatest number of questions about the person’s background as it applies specifically to the job.  These will give you the very best information about the person’s ability to do the job you’re filling. Start questions with phrases like 
 
 
 Tell us about a time when… 
 What’s the hardest problem you’ve solved with your skills as a________ 
 Explain how you have…. 
 
 
 Ask hypothetical questions that pertain directly to the job.  Ask questions that start with phrases that reflect real job situations this person might face, like 
 
 
 What would you do if… 
 How would you handle a situation where… 
 
 
 Write out the criteria by which you will judge responses to the interview questions.  Yes, it’s hard to do. However, you must be able to articulate what you are looking for. Otherwise, the interviewee could either charm you or offend you in ways that have nothing to do with their ability to do the job you are filling. 
 Include more than one interviewer.  Together with the above tips, this will serve to give you several perspectives on the candidate. 
 
 And, of course, 
 
 Refrain from asking any illegal questions.  Don’t ask anything about gender, ethnicity, religion, age, child care, disabilities or other questions that pertain the protect group status of the applicant.  https://www.eeoc.gov/laws/types/ 
 
 So, just remember: the interview process is NOT about finding someone you’d like as a friend. It’s about finding someone who will excel at the job you need to fill. 
 Have you had good (or bad) experiences with job interviews – either as an applicant or as an interviewer? Share them with us! ~Daphne Schneider 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in Uncategorized. Bookmark the  permalink . 
 <- Email in the Workplace: Do’s and Don’t’s 
 Just Say Hello - and Goodbye -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 
 Email Subscription 
 
 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 148 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 
 
 Search Workplace Insiders 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Top Posts 
 
 Assumptions! 
 Dealing With Distorted Perceptions 
 The Art of Followership 
 Do Managers Need to Be "Warm and Fuzzy"? 
 The "Perception Is Reality" Trap 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 
 1   Coaching   Communication   Customer Service   Employee Retention   Ethics   Harassment and Discrimination   Management Style   Organizations   Supervising Employees   Teamwork   Training   Working successully   Workplace Conflict   Workplace Culture   Workplace Investigations   Workplace Policies   Workplace Systems 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Conflict Hot Buttons 
 Employment Law Blog 
 Fully Effective Employees Blog 
 International Coach Federation 
 InviteChange 
 JOBehaviors 
 Linked2Leadership 
 Pacific NW Organizational Development Network 
 Puget Sound Coaches Association 
 Society for Human Resource Management 
 The Full 360 - People, Organizations and Technology 
 WA Workplace Law 
 Winning Workplaces 
 Workplace Bullying 
 
 
 
 RSS Feed 
 
 
   RSS - Posts 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
