Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Science Communicator - Education 
 Science North 
 __Greater Sudbury, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Message 
 Wednesday, August 7, 2019 10:14 AM -0400 
 From: 
Anne-Marie Wilkie 
 Subject:  Science Communicator - Education 
 To: 
JobOpportunity 
 Science Communicator – Education 
 Two positions available in Sudbury – Job Number SCE-01 
Contract period begins immediately and goes until March 31, 2021 
Are you passionate about getting students interested in science, particularly coding? The Science Communicator – Education, will be a key member of the Education and Northern Programs team, delivering and supporting programs and initiatives designed to achieve the unit’s objectives. The Science Communicator will participate in the development of coding workshops for both videoconference and in person programs. The position will be responsible for the complete delivery of e-workshops (video conferencing), including logistics and the facilitation of these programs. The position requires a strong communicator with a degree in applied science, education (or equivalent experience), and strong program delivery experience. The successful candidate will be highly organized and able to work in a fast-paced environment. One position requires fluency in both English and French, and the second position French will be considered an asset, however, is not mandatory. The successful candidate will have the ability to work full-time hours with some evening/weekend and overnight work. Knowledge of word press and photoshop programs will be considered an asset. $1238 bi-weekly. 
 Interested applicants are asked to submit a resume to careers@sciencenorth.ca quoting applicable job number. Deadline for applications is August 19, 2019. Science North is committed to an inclusive workplace and invites applications from all qualified individuals to join our diverse team. Accommodations are available upon request in all aspects of Science North’s selection process. We thank all interested candidates; only those selected for interviews will be contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
