Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Accounting Supervisor 
 Keewaytinook Okimakanak 
 __Thunder Bay, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Position Summary: 
 Keewaytinook Okimakanak is currently accepting applications for the position of Accounting Supervisor. Rresponsibilities will include assessing both accounting and administrative controls and prepare reports for the management team regarding corporate compliance and internal policies and procedures. The accounting supervisor will be responsible for managing A/P, AR and payroll staff. This position will also work to ensure the organization utilizes ethical accounting practise and standards. 
 Duties and Responsibilities: 
 
 Record journal entries – accruals and adjustments as required and authorized by Finance Manager. 
 Reconcile GL and Bank Accounts and provide timely reporting to Finance Manager for approval. 
 Reconcile HST and file claims accordingly. 
 Ensure that all month-end financial accounting duties and all resulting financial reporting are completed timely and accurately. 
 Oversee and supervise all accounting functions – accounts payable, receivable, payroll and special projects to ensure timely and accurate processing including reviewing transactions and advising of corrections. 
 Maintain Telpay (EFT) records 
 Maintain EPMX – Electronic Purchase Order System 
 Provide training, coaching and mentoring to accounting staff as required. 
 
 Qualifications and Experience: 
 
 Degree or advanced diploma in accounting 
 Five years’ experience in a management role combined with 5 years’ experience in accounting management position 
 Experience in coaching and employee development 
 
 Other Requirements: 
 
 Some travel required 
 
 Job Type: Full-time 
 Salary: $60,000.00 /year 
 Experience: 
 
 Supervising: 5 years (Preferred) 
 Accounting: 5 years (Preferred) 
 
 Education: 
 
 Bachelor's Degree (Preferred) 
 
 Location: 
 
 Thunder Bay, ON (Required) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
