Skip to content 
 Brock Heasley 
 Menu 
 
 About 
 BOOKS 
 Brock on the Web 
 Contact 
 FILMS 
 
 My Wife and I Lost Our Jobs. Six Months Later, We Discover the Next Step. 
 February 17, 2015February 17, 2015  ~  Brock 
 I couldn't figure out how to title this post, so I decided to go with the stupidest one possible. 
 But, yes, it's true, after six months and many, many more blog posts, my wife and I finally know what to do next. And, for us, it's kind of insane. 
 First, a little background: 
 The day I was let go from my job just 24 hours after Erin lost hers  has got to be one of worst-and best-days of my life. "Worst" for the obvious reasons, and "best" because even in the midst of being completely, utterly freaked out, I couldn't help but be at least a little excited about whatever potential new opportunities lie ahead. It's rare an epoch of our lives ends so definitively that we can recognize it in the moment. Usually, it's only by looking back we see accurately just when one phase ended and the next one began. 
 And yet, looking back, there is more that I can see clearly now that I couldn't even then. I believe life, if we are in tune with the curve of it, is always preparing us for the next thing. God  is  in the machine. 
 One of the difficult things about  blogging   every   day  during the first half of our unemployment was that sometimes I would have thoughts and feelings that I didn't know what to do with, and, consequently, didn't know how or if I should express them to the public. How could I express to you what I could barely understand myself? 
 The one consistent thought and emotion I've had since this all began is this: everything is going to be okay. The one constant inconsistency has been this: the how. For a long while we both assumed we were to walk the paths we and so many others had before: apply for jobs, then interview, then get a job. 
 Only that last part never happened. Time and again we'd both have these amazing interviews and then, for one reason or another, the job would not materialize. Worse, often the potential employers would just vanish (once, literally). 
 The longer it all went on, the more a thought kept coming back to me that I dared not express. If I did, then how could anyone do anything but conclude that I was a lazy bum? This thought was not a reasonable thought, and it would make what was an already tense situation even worse because behind the thought was nothing. It was a vaporous idea, signifying much and meaning nothing because it begged all sorts of questions for which I had no answers. 
 But the thought was there. And it was this: That the 9-to-5 is no longer for me. 
 For a time, I imagined the thought might mean that  the book I was working on  was the beginning of a new career for me. But I knew that was stupid. Unless you're writing trilogies about starving kids killing each other* or the weird sex escapades of a woman who bites her lip a lot, it's tough to make a living as a writer. I believe in both of the books I've written and I know one day they'll find their audience, but it will likely be a niche audience. 
 Nothing wrong with that, but it's not a living. 
 Alongside this thought was this nagging idea-a feeling, really-that I needed to patient. I felt like the answers would present themselves and that I need not worry. This is a great, comforting feeling to have unless you have a wife and kids who are used to things like money to pay for food and housing. But I trust such feelings to put me in tune with the curve, and I couldn't just ignore it. I could only not share it. 
 So, I didn't. 
 Which brings us to the decision. When Travis Cluff and Chris Lofing at  Tremendum Pictures  first asked to meet with me  back in December , they told me straight up they were interested in me coming on board as a creative talent to help them with their various endeavors: feature films, marketing videos, viral videos, commercials, etc. Their first movie,  The Gallows , comes out July 10 from New Line Cinema. Worldwide release, and it was made right here in Fresno. That's a big deal. And they see Tremendum Pictures being an even bigger deal in the future, but for that they need talented people at their side. It was a flattering offer. 
 Two months later, and after much prayer and fasting and deliberation and barraging Travis and Chris with a million questions, Erin and I have decided to go all in with Tremendum. All in. This will be my every day. 
 But what does that mean? 
 Well, for right now, that means our financial situation doesn't change very much. The entertainment business is a very different thing from what we're used to and, for now, the money we receive is going to depend on what jobs come in and what deals can be made. We're taking a true leap of faith here, confident that the money will come because that's the promise we've received. Not from Travis and Chris, but from Someone a little higher up. 
 Make no mistake, for us, this is  insane. 
 When we first got married, Erin and I had the mutual philosophy of not caring about making big money so long as we had stability. We valued that above all. As such, we've never had credit card debt and each time we've bought a home we've purposely gotten something that was way, way under what we could afford. This is just who we are.We're not big spenders. We're not risk-takers. 
 But even more than being frugal people, we are people who consult the Lord on our decisions and don't make big moves until we know it's right. Signing on with Tremendum reminds me a lot of the decision we made to have our first child. At the time, we were in college, had no health insurance, and jobs that paid barely above minimum wage. And no prospects. After not being able to get rid of the idea that it was time to start our family and praying incessantly about it, it became clear to us that we were being asked to make a leap of faith. Only then would reap the blessing of being able to actually afford the child we were being prompted to bring into the world. 
 We found out Erin was pregnant the day before I started the job from which I was let go six months ago. 
 So, here we are again, on the precipice of something new and great. How great, we don't yet know. For me, it's going to mean working on lots of local projects and developing a TV Show that has already sparked some serious interest. I feel uniquely prepared for this. All my talents and skills will be poured into this job, and, though I have a lot to learn, I know I can do it. I simply, unequivocally, know it. 
 For Erin, this means going back to school. If she works now as well then I won't have the flexibility in my schedule to pull this off, so she's applied to get a Masters in Communication. She wants to teach at the college level and anyone who knows her knows exactly how flat out incredible she'll bet at it. I'm thrilled for her. 
 How are we going to pull all this off? I don't honestly know yet. I only know that we will. And that's crazy. 
 Thank you, everyone, for following along with us through this journey. Thank you for your encouragement and words of wisdom. Thank you to those who supported us with gifts and babysitting and other assistance. We're not quite out of the woods yet, but we've gotten this far in large part thanks to you. 
 This blog isn't going away, but the focus will be shifting a bit. I'll try to let you in as much as I can on the frankly awesome things I'll be doing in the future. I'll also be continuing my work on my books, and I might even serialize a few chapters or so in this space. I'd love to share more of what I've been doing the past few years. 
 Thanks again. See you soon. 
 *Yes, I know that 's not what the Hunger Games books are about. I've read them. They're about vampires in love in a world where everyone is put into one of five factions based on their talents and forced to run in a maze to get to Hogwarts, the space school orbiting the Earth. 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Posted in  Faith ,  Family ,  Life Stories ,  Personal ,  Unemployment   chris lofing film God movies prayer the gallows travis cluff unemployment wife erin 
 Published by Brock 
 Brock Heasley is a writer, filmmaker, and artist. A former Art Director, he is the writer of the memoir “The Other Side of Fear: A True Coming-of-Age Story of Murder, Forgiveness, and the Peace Only Faith Can Bring,” the illustrator of the YA novel "Paper Bag Mask,” the creator of the comic, "The SuperFogeys,” and the award-winning filmmaker behind the short film "The Shift.” Brock lives with his wife, three daughters, three dogs, and one cat in California. Brock didn't want a third dog, but his girls made a pretty killer Power Point presentation and he didn't want to look like a jerk.   View all posts by Brock  
 Post navigation 
 ‹ PreviousCongratulations on Your Super Healthy Kid 
 Next ›Update on the New Job (Plus, "The Shooting") 
 12 thoughts on "My Wife and I Lost Our Jobs. Six Months Later, We Discover the Next Step." 
 
 Donna Kirkland  says: 
 
 February 18, 2015 at 1:18 am 
 Brock, your description of finding the position meant for you requiring a leap of faith reminds me so much when Reed and I started his business. The start-up was crazy, no money, no one would finance us, the list of why-nots went on and on. But it was a great decision, both career-wise and partner-wise. And financially. You're process is correct, if only a bit scary. OK, a lot scary. But stick with it. I think the scripture is found in Mathew 6, about lilies of the fields and how the Lord watches after them. How much greater in His sight are we than they are; we simply need to believe and have faith, do our part. I believe in you. This likely will be the best journey. Do you need some mac n' cheese in the meantime? I make a pretty good casserole. Love to you all, Donna 
 Like Liked by 1 person 
 Reply 
 
 amommasview  says: 
 
 February 18, 2015 at 3:56 am 
 Great news and I am so happy for you! I keep my fingers crossed for you!!! 
 Like Liked by 1 person 
 Reply 
 
 dawn  says: 
 
 February 18, 2015 at 7:52 am 
 Woo-hoo! God is still quiet on my search but I know He's working good things for me 🙂 
 Like Liked by 1 person 
 Reply 
 
 McKenna  says: 
 
 February 18, 2015 at 8:36 am 
 This is exciting news! I hadn't heard about Erin deciding to get her masters! It truly all sounds perfect. We are so happy for you guys. 
 Like Liked by 1 person 
 Reply 
 
 The Chat*411  says: 
 
 February 18, 2015 at 9:51 am 
 Reblogged this on  CareerChat*411 . 
 Like Liked by 1 person 
 Reply 
 
 A.PROMPTreply  says: 
 
 February 18, 2015 at 4:38 pm 
 Am going to take you back to one of my posts from before Christmas….."Hesitation has killed more dreams than failure!" I very much look forward to your journey…..it's going to be great! 
 Like Liked by 1 person 
 Reply 
 
 Wendy  says: 
 
 February 19, 2015 at 2:22 am 
 This is so amazing … I'm so thrilled for you, Erin, your family. And, so honored that you continue to share this journey w/all of us. ❤️ 
 Like Liked by 1 person 
 Reply 
 
 denisefrombolton  says: 
 
 February 19, 2015 at 11:16 am 
 I don't begin to understand what you are about to embark on and how it will pay the bills, but your leap of faith is awesome and an inspiration to me. 
 This and other events iny life have reminded me of the randomness of it all. Of course you see it is all a part of your Gods unkown plan, but it all means the same thing. We often do not know our own destiny and "life happens whilst we are making plans. Maybe God (or life) has a different plan. 
 Thank you for this blog and dicumenting your thoughts. and feelings over the past months. You are a shining example of how faith and optimism can get one through. 
 Good luck with your project. Whatever happens I am sure it will turn out Ok. 
 love Denise. 
 Like Liked by 1 person 
 Reply 
 
 reallifemarti  says: 
 
 February 26, 2015 at 12:00 pm 
 As I am reading this, my husband and I are both bird-dogging Monster and Craigslist. I left my job in September to be a SAHM, followed by my husband's layoff last month. It does my heart good to see that your family has found an escape hatch, it keeps hope alive. Thank you. 
 Like Liked by 1 person 
 Reply 
 
 michaeljsouth  says: 
 
 March 16, 2015 at 1:18 pm 
 Your description of the Hunger Games plot left out hobbits-makes me seriously doubt you've actually read it. 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 
 
 Pingback:  My Wife is Doing the Coolest Thing Ever | We Are the 6.2% 
 
 
 Eric Minkes  says: 
 
 
 August 8, 2017 at 3:30 pm 
 This was inspiring to read and I believe came at the perfect time. My wife and I have been under spiritual attack today and for some strange reason I feel like both of us are gonna be fired soon. I can feel it. We both started volunteering recently at our church and I know the enemy hates that. The direction the world is going lately seems to be a ripple effect on our life. Maybe I'm just paranoid but I really do feel our lives are about to take a drastic change. Anyways sorry for rambling on. Thank you for sharing this very personal experience. I will keep you in my prayers. God has amazing things set for you and your family. God Bless 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Follow Brock Heasley on WordPress.com 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 46 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 Brock Heasley - Writer/Artist 
 
 Brock Heasley - Writer/Artist 
 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Archive 
 Archive Select Month December 2020  (1) November 2020  (5) September 2020  (1) August 2020  (1) July 2020  (2) June 2020  (2) May 2020  (4) April 2020  (3) March 2020  (1) July 2018  (2) April 2018  (1) January 2018  (1) September 2017  (1) September 2016  (1) June 2016  (1) May 2016  (2) April 2016  (2) March 2016  (2) February 2016  (4) November 2015  (1) September 2015  (1) July 2015  (3) June 2015  (2) May 2015  (1) April 2015  (1) March 2015  (2) February 2015  (1) January 2015  (3) November 2014  (10) October 2014  (24) September 2014  (22) March 2014  (1) February 2014  (1) December 2013  (1) September 2013  (1) May 2013  (1) March 2013  (1) February 2013  (1) December 2012  (2) October 2012  (1) August 2012  (2) June 2012  (3) May 2012  (5) April 2012  (5) March 2012  (10) February 2012  (8) January 2012  (12) December 2011  (9) November 2011  (4) October 2011  (6) September 2011  (4) August 2011  (2) July 2011  (1) 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
 Holocaust Remembrance Day (and Other Funny Cartoons) 
 Why My Kids Have the Names They Do 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 Rachana  on  The Hunt for Publication 
 
 
 
 
 
 CherylStory  on  Why Changing Diapers is a… 
 
 
 
 CONTRACT SIGNED: The…  on  How My Writing Reached the Top… 
 
 
 
 Brock  on  What I'm Listening to #i… 
 
 
 Cara Cotham on  What I'm Listening to #i… 
 
 
 
 
 Calendar 
 
 
 
 February 2015 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 
 
 9 
 10 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 
 
 16 
 17 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 
 
 23 
 24 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 
 
 
 
 « Jan   Mar » 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
 Holocaust Remembrance Day (and Other Funny Cartoons) 
 Why My Kids Have the Names They Do 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
