Skip to content 
 
 mymotorwheels 
 For the auto enthusiasts who are crazy enough to change the world. 
 Menu 
 
 About 
 Automotive Jobs 
 Travel 
 Spares and Services @Visakhapatnam 
 
   
 Tag: Jobs Haldex UK 
 Current openings at Haldex AB 
 Haldex is a Sweden-based company, operating worldwide with offices in 18 countries. Haldex develops and provides reliable and innovative solutions that improve safety, vehicle dynamics and environmental sustainability in the global commercial vehicle industry. Haldex is one of the leading supplier of brake adjusters for drum brakes and have the fastest growing market share for air disc brakes. 
 Current Openings 
 1.Process Engineer - Operations 
 Country:  Hungary 
 In this position you will be responsible for developing, optimizing and operating a controlled, secured and efficient production process. 
 Responsibilities 
 
 Map, analyse, describe and introduce new production processes. 
 Maintain and continuously improve existing production processes. 
 Train operators and supervise the proper application of processes. 
 Creating work- and conversion instructions. 
 Create and regularly revise Standard combination charts, flowcharts and VSM. 
 Suggest machinery optimization actions. 
 Actively participate in audits. 
 Participate in the creation of the maintenance plan of the supervised machinery. 
 
 Required skills & experience 
 
 University or college degree in technical or mechanical engineering. 
 2-3 years of experience in engineering field in production, preferably in the automotive industry. 
 Analytical thinking. 
 Experience in facility management is an advantage. 
 Strong English language knowledge is a must. 
 German language knowledge is an advantage. 
 
 Additional information 
 Please send your application with an English language CV to  HR.Hungary@haldex.com , or to Haldex Hungary Kft., 2255 Szentlőrinckáta, Dózsa György út 93. 
 To apply for this opening click here . 
 For further information, please contact: E-mail 
 
 2.Chief Engineer – System Test and Homologation - R&D 
 Country:  UK 
 This position is responsible for developing the Test and Homologation team, development and product maintenance test and validation. Responsibilities also include developing systems, processes and procedures for efficient verification and validation work within the team, and representing product development. 
 Responsibilities 
 
 Provide overall technical leadership for all Test and homologation activities 
 Manage development and test resources including Validation, Materials and External resources 
 A senior member of the Engineering Management Team 
 Provide leadership to All Engineers 
 Provide guidance to development of new technologies, techniques, processes 
 Manage technical change to current production product 
 Lead activities for researching new technologies and methods 
 Ownership of the quality manual and the interface into other department’s procedures and the audits and accreditation of all the procedures. 
 Lead Test Release for approval sign off for test and homologation activities, including all lab, electrical, vehicle and type approval testing. 
 
 Required skills & experience 
 
 Accountable for successful execution 
 Drives accountability and actions for team members 
 Track resource commitments within Test and homologation; monitor and publish departmental workload 
 Create, track and publish departmental Key Performance Indicators (KPIs) 
 Provide development plans and perform appraisals to the Engineers 
 Appoint appropriate Engineering resource to resolve current model/production issues 
 Monitor current model/production issues including sourcing and manufacturing concerns. 
 Work with Engineers to ensure appropriate Engineering resource to resolve current model/production issues 
 Identify departmental training requirements and organise training to suit 
 Implement appraisal process for direct reports 
 Health and Safety in the work place. Ensure correct emphasis is given, particularly in workshop and laboratory areas 
 Ensure Risk assessments are reviewed 
 Experience in TS16494 / ISO 9001 and ISO 4001 
 Specialist knowledge of FMEA and DVP&R process 
 
 **** Experience, Education, Skills, Knowledge Requirements 
 
 Degree in Mechanical Engineering or equivalent 
 
 Additional information 
 Please attach your full CV and a covering letter with your application. This should state whether you currently have the right to work in the UK along with confirmation you meet all essential criteria for this role. 
 International Applicants 
 If you don't already have the legal right to work in the UK, you are still welcome to apply for this vacancy however you are strongly recommended to consult the Apply for a UK visa section of the Home Office webpages to determine your suitability for a UK visa. 
 Any job application you submit to us will be assessed using criteria based on the knowledge, skills, and experience required for the relevant post. You will not be treated less favorably than another applicant on the grounds of national origin. 
 To apply for this opening click here . 
 For further information, please contact:  Leah Gavin: **** E-mail 
 
 3.Haldex Way Change Agent - Operations 
 Country:  Sweden 
 The Haldex Way Change Agents role is to lead Haldex Way, for effective implementation by our local units and global organization to successfully improve in Haldex strategic direction. 
 Responsibilities 
 
 Lead Haldex Way to effective implementation by our organization 
 Develop and improve Haldex Way 
 Trainer in Operational and Business Excellence 
 Conduct Haldex Way Challenges and train assessors 
 Identify and share Good Practices 
 Manage and develop Haldex Way documentation 
 
 Required skills & experience 
 
 Leadership - achieving results through cross-functional and multi-disciplinary influence 
 Operational/Business Excellence acumen 
 Conceptual development capabilities 
 Training skills 
 Communication skills 
 Fluent in verbal and written English 
 
 Education and training 
 Master of Science, Engineering or Business. Or equivalent work experience and training. 
 Experience 
 We are looking for a leader, with practical experience from effective implementation and extensive use of Business and/or Operational Excellence concepts and methods in an operative leading role. 
 Management consulting experience, or theoretical Lean and Six Sigma tools expertise, are appreciated secondary supplements. 
 +10 years is an indication of appropriate work experience, preferably from international automotive business or similar. 
 Additional information 
 For further information about the position, contact Johan Valett, VP Haldex Way, +46-418-47 60 00. 
 Please send your application to elisabeth.igeby@haldex.com with relevant enclosures no later than December 11, 2016. 
 To apply for this opening click here . 
 For further information, please contact:  Johan Valett : **** Phone: +46-418-47 60 00 
 
 For older postings visit their website . 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 WhatsApp 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 Print 
 More 
 
 
 
 Reddit 
 Email 
 
 
 Skype 
 
 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 Pocket 
 
 
 Telegram 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Author   Prasanth Chunduri Posted on  December 9, 2016December 9, 2016 Categories  Automotive Jobs ,  Uncategorized Tags  Automotive Jobs Haldex AB ,  Current Openings Haldex Sweden ,  Jobs Haldex Hungary ,  Jobs Haldex Sweden ,  Jobs Haldex UK ,  Jobs Process Engineer Operations Hungary Leave a comment on Current openings at Haldex AB 
 Search for: Search 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
 Have you ever wondered what is 'Drive-by-wire' or 'x-by-wire'? 
 India's first electric reverse trike: Orxa Energies Mantis 
 Suzuki's Gujarat plant in India starts operation; Another plant in pipeline which will come into operation by 2019! 
 
 posts by date 
 
 
 
 January 2021 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 
 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 
 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 
 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 31 
 
 
 
 « Jan 
 Categories 
 
 Automotive Jobs  (34) 
 automotive supplier  (10) 
 Autonomous Driving  (6) 
 Bikes  (59) 
 cars  (291) 
 Commercial Vehicles  (42) 
 Coupons  (2) 
 electric  (35) 
 Hybrid Vehicles  (13) 
 Know your technology  (4)
 
 Automatic Transmission  (1) 
 
 
 Polls Surveys Quizzes and Ratings  (1) 
 railways  (3) 
 review  (1) 
 Shared Economy  (5) 
 startup  (43) 
 Statistics  (62) 
 Travel  (20) 
 Trucks  (37) 
 Uncategorized  (153) 
 Videos  (39) 
 
 facebook 
 
 facebook 
 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 673 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
   RSS - Posts 
 Tags 
 
 acquisition 
 ADAS 
 bmw 
 CES 2017 
 chennai 
 Consumer Electronics Show 
 current openings 
 daimler 
 Denso Corporation 
 electric vehicles 
 EV 
 ford 
 general motors 
 germany 
 honda 
 india 
 job opportunities 
 Joint Venture 
 mahindra 
 make in india 
 maruti suzuki 
 maruti suzuki india 
 mercedes benz 
 mou 
 nissan 
 renault 
 renault kwid 
 tata hexa 
 tata motors 
 tata tiago 
 toyota 
 Travel 
 uber 
 usa 
 video 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 65,818 hits 
 
 Follow blog on 
 
 
 View mymotorwheels's profile on Facebook 
 
 
 View MyMotorWheels's profile on Twitter 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Automotive Jobs 
 
 
 Travel 
 
 
 Spares and Services @Visakhapatnam 
 
 
 mymotorwheels   A WordPress.com Website . 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
