  
 
 
 DE 
 
 
 EN 
 
 
 CH 
 
 
 Digital Marketing 
 
 Search Engine Advertising 
 Search Engine Optimization 
 Social Media Advertising 
 Web Analytics 
 Conversion Rate Optimization 
 
 
 
 Digital Transformation 
 
 Digital Strategy 
 Digital Solutions 
 Venture Building 
 
 
 
 Company 
 
 Team 
 Events 
 Career 
 Jobs 
 
 
 
 Projects 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Contact us now 
 
 
 What is your cha  llenge ? 
 Talk directly to a digital expert at  +49 (0)30 91684401 
 By sending my request, I agree to the processing of my data according to  data protection  and  general terms and conditions . 
 Contact now 
 I want n  ews ! 
 Ich stimme mit dem Absenden meiner Anfrage der Verarbeitung meiner Daten gemäß der  Datenschutzerklärung  und  AGB  zu. 
 Jetzt anmelden 
 Contact 
 Career 
 Our Ambition 
 Turning the industry 
 upside down  together 
 Even as a "grown-up" company with more than 15 years' worth of market experience, we have never given up on our own commitment to challenge our working methods every single day. Our recipe for success: We foster a genuine team spirit and have fun at what we are doing. Together, we complete demanding digital projects through professional processes, agile start-up methods and the extra portion of entrepreneurship. Our everyday working life? Never the same and yet wonderfully consistent. 
 Check out our Instagram 
 What we offer 
 Our  promise  to you 
 Flexible working hours 
 Work smart. With flextime and home office opportunities, you can structure your work day in the way that best suits you and our projects. For us, providing for an excellent work-life balance is not a buzzword, but an integral part of our corporate culture. What you will find missing: massive overtime hours. 
 Genuine team work 
 Facilitating a regular exchange of experience is one of the most important maxims at WEVENTURE. We also ensure fast decision-making processes and a direct link to both colleagues and the management. 
 Fair remuneration 
 Job security is what we stand for. We invest in the future and career of our employees by offering permanent positions – with a fair remuneration and performance-based rewards. In addition, we offer free sports programs and a benefit package for all employees. 
 Continuous training 
 We are looking for people who strive to learn something new every single day. Through continuous training and further education opportunities, we ensure that we will always keep up with the digital transformation. Attend regular partner events and receive relevant certifications. 
 Free sports programs 
 A healthy mind in a healthy body – or put differently: even the most ambitious paper pushers might benefit from some push-ups and bench presses. We care about the health of our colleagues, that's why we assume the costs for your sports activities. 
 Sabbatical 
 We appreciate loyalty and therefore promote sabbaticals: After five years of service, we will grant you an additional annual leave on top of your contractual entitlement. 
 Company pension scheme 
 Today we are young and wild, and tomorrow? Financially secure! Your old-age provision is important to us. That’s why we will support your private pension scheme with our own company pension scheme. 
 Attractive insurance package 
 Working for us, you will always be well-insured. All our employees are provided with additional accident insurance with worldwide coverage, meaning you don’t have to take out an additional private insurance. 
 Family-friendly atmosphere 
 Digital heroes will be needed tomorrow as well. As a family-friendly employer, we support the flexibility needed. Employees with families are offered reduced work schedules. 
 Free food and drinks 
 Start your day like a boss. By providing fresh fruit and cereals, we make sure that your day gets off to a good start. This also entails free coffee and a variety of soft drinks. In addition, we ensure you will always find an after-work beer in our well-stocked fridge to enjoy some quality time with your colleagues. 
 Free language classes 
 Languages ​​bring people together. You have already served international customers, but feel you might need some brushing-up on your foreign language skills? No problem. We offer private language classes for our colleagues on a regular basis. 
 Unforgettable team events 
 Birds of a feather flock together. Our regular team events are a great opportunity to let loose and get to know each other better. In keeping with the motto “Work hard, play hard”, we definitely know what exciting team-building events must look like. 
 What We Look For 
 Creative problem solvers with  empathy 
 We bring our entrepreneurial mentality and the techno-friendly and analytical core of our DNA to bear in every new project. Our interdisciplinary, young, creative and data-driven colleagues are the driving force behind our business success. We are looking for creative problem solvers with empathy and the extra portion of entrepreneurship. 
 All Jobs   Send an unsolicited application 
 Our Values 
 When employees become 
 partners for  success 
 Become a partner 
 We understand and challenge the business model of our partners and projects. We always take the necessary responsibility for our everyday actions. 
 Data are our logic 
 Good decisions are based on logic, and our logic is based on data and experience. When in doubt, trust your data. 
 Impress as a person 
 Whether in a suit or hoodie - be yourself. We define ourselves through our personality, empathy and understanding for other people's needs. 
 Structure creates stability 
 Through analytical thinking and structure, we ensure sustainability in our projects – for both our partners and our everyday work 
 Team work 
 We solve problems through team work and shared know-how and experience. We communicate openly, transparently and clearly. Good preparation makes for efficient communication. 
 Never stop learning 
 We learn something new every day. To this end, we always challenge the status quo. Mistakes are part of any successful learning process. 
 Only results count 
 We think and work in a results-oriented manner in every project. Approaches and measures are subordinate to success. 
 We lead with empathy 
 Our decisions are always transparent and communicated at eye level. For us, a healthy work-life balance is just as important as the success of our projects. 
 We impress both 
 professionally and personally 
 Go to Kununu 
 WEVENTURE Jobs 
 You have digital  superpowers? 
 All Jobs 
 
 Senior Projekt Manager 
 Berlin, from now on 
 __ 
 
 Performance Marketing Manager SMA 
 Berlin, start: 01.03.2021 
 __ 
 
 Peformance Marketing Manager SEA/SEM 
 Berlin, start: 01.03.2021 
 __ 
 All Jobs 
 WEVENTURE 
 
 
 Digital Marketing 
 Digital Transformation 
 Company 
 Venture Building 
 
 
 Latest News 
 
 
 Blog 
 Projects 
 Career 
 Jobs 
 
 
 Important Links 
 
 
 Digital Agency BER 
 Digital Agency ZRH 
 
 
 
 
 
 GTC 
 
 
 Data Protection 
 
 
 Imprint 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Youtube 
 
 
 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Youtube 
 
 
 GTC 
 
 
 Data Protection 
 
 
 Imprint 
 
 
 ** 
 
 ©2020 WEVENTURE GmbH 
 
 ** 
