Move on Up 
 For people in transition looking for a little help & inspiration. As ye sow, so shall ye reap. 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
 Weekly Top 3 Job Search Tips plus a Bonus Post! 
 March 19, 2010 
 This week's job search tips coming from the scores of blogs and articles I read have the usual 3 but I've added a bonus post you need to see to make your weekend! 
Here they are: 
First up is Jacob Share's Poll on job seeker's use of social media in their search with  Which Social Media Network Are You Using MOST in Your Job Search? 
While the sample size is not huge, the trend is interesting. Here's an excerpt: 
 _These results are nothing short of a wake-up call for many job seekers. 
The poll results and what they mean 
 Here are the official results of the poll: 
 Which social media network are you using MOST in your job search? 
 
 LinkedIn (53%, 71 Votes) 
 Not using social media on my job search (16%, 22 Votes) 
 Facebook (13%, 17 Votes) 
 Twitter (12%, 16 Votes) 
 Other (6%, 8 Votes) 
 
 Started: February 14, 2010 @ 10:00 am 
Total Voters: 134 
 53% LinkedIn 
 No surprise here. 
 From May 2009 to October 2009, LinkedIn grew by 10 million users for a total over over 50 million, only half of whom are in the US. Massively popular and geared towards professionals, LinkedIn is terrific as a virtual resume and networking platform (and that’s just in its most basic form). There are even recruiters who work from home, spending all their time sourcing candidates just from LinkedIn. 
 True to this poll result, if you’re using any social network for job search, this is the one you should be using. For LinkedIn success, check out my LinkedIn archives or if you’d like something more structured, my friend Jason Alba penned a terrific book called I’m on Linked In, Now What??? 
 16% Not using social media on my job search 
 Read more at:  http://jobmob.co.il/blog/which-social-media-network-are-you-using-most-in-your-job-search-poll-results-and-analysis/#ixzz0ifYOcjEQ 
_ 
Read  here  for the full article. 
 Next is Jason Alba's post  WRONG QUESTION: “Do you know a recruiter who specializes in….” 
 
Here's an excerpt: 
_Here’s one of my biggest job search pet peeves: asking for a recruiter who specializes in a particular industry or location. 
 Perhaps you’ve gotten emails like this: 
 
 Do you know a recruiter who specializes in IT (or project management, or supply chain, etc.)? 
 Do you know a recruiter in Seattle (or Houston, or D.C., or Podunk, USA)? 
 
 When I get this question I cringe. Not because the job seeker is doing the wrong thing (they are just trying to get a job), but because they are barking up the wrong tree. Here’s why I say that, based on my experience and observations. I’d love to know what your experience has been… 
 Recruiters don’t work for you and they don’t care about you. 
 Really. Maybe some of them do (okay, I know some of them who do care about you, as a human being), but their job is to match a company’s needs with a candidate who fits those needs. They work for the company, not you, and when it comes down to it, they get their multi-thousand dollar commission because they placed the right person, not because they spent the time to coach all of the wrong people. 
 Recruiters aren’t really good at networking. 
 In Never Eat Alone Keith Ferrazzi includes “headhunters” as that elite group called “power connectors.” The idea is they talk to people all the time, know everyone, know what opportunities are coming up, and can likely introduce you to the person you really need to talk to. 
 Wrong. 
 My experience with most recruiters is they (a) are so busy they don’t know which way is up and which way is down, and can’t take a second to spend any real time with you, (b) are very protective of their network because this is how they make a living (protective of your peers because they might eventually place them one day; protective of company contacts because that’s how they get those big-commission opportunities in the first place – not by charitably help you, rather by signing a contract with the company so they get a piece of the pie when you are hired). 
 Now, I say they aren’t good at networking, but in fact they are excellent at networking as it pertains to their job. Don’t expect them to put their networking mojo on to help you figure out who you should talk to – perhaps I should say “recruiters aren’t really good at networking for you.” 
_  
Here's  the full article. 
 The 3rd post is from the WSJ's Laid Off and Looking and gives a to-date summary of results of their bloggers in  Laid Off and Looking Back . 
_In December 2008, we launched the Laid Off and Looking blog as a way for WSJ readers and job seekers to learn firsthand about how rising unemployment was affecting Americans. 
 We asked 29 laid off professionals with M.B.A. degrees to share what it was like for them to deal with suddenly becoming unemployed and having to search for a new job. Initially, we focused on those who had been let go from positions in finance and real estate. Then, as unemployment began to spread to other sectors, we recruited additional bloggers to weigh in on their own stories. Of our original eight bloggers, six have found permanent employment, while two have continued to take on long-term consulting assignments. 
 These contributors, along with numerous career experts and guest writers, helped to create a dynamic discussion on the challenges of job hunting after a layoff in a down economy. They explored issues ranging from ways to network effectively and deal with unresponsive recruiters to how to stay upbeat after a long-search and what it feels like to finally get re-hired. Our most popular post was by a blogger who deliberated whether her expensive M.B.A. was actually a hindrance to getting back into the work force. Another topic that sparked intense discussion was how age discrimination impacts the search. 
 The comments on many of the posts were a genuine reflection of unemployed life. In the early days of the economic collapse, many blog readers (outside of the finance industry) still felt like it couldn’t happen to them. As the blog continued amidst rising unemployment numbers, the commenters became more empathetic to the plight of fellow job hunters. Commenters began to use the blog to share their disappointments with what seemed like a never-ending own job hunt or asked for advice, but many more offered words of support when reading about the problems of our bloggers. Everyday problems were discussed including the role of a spouse during the search, how to manage time during the search, the merits of job boards and even detailed financial questions. And when one of our bloggers would land a job, there were always a few dozen congratulatory comments. 
 Today, 20 of our bloggers have found full-time jobs, while several others are working on long-term consulting assignments. Overall, it took these professionals a year on average to get back to working. 
 The opinions on this blog helped readers understand the difficulties of finding a job after getting laid off during a recession. To all of the readers and bloggers, thank you. 
_ 
 Now for the bonus post. This is from  Polly Pearson's Blog , which is a summary of Jacob Share's, which - oh, never mind. Just check out these pictures and the original  http://www.pollypearson.com/main/2010/03/humor-employee-engagement-gone-bad.htmlfor  even more. 
 _Humor: Employee Engagement Gone Bad 
 Saw these photos today via @DailyCareerTips's link to  this blog post  on JobMob, and thought I'd share the laugh: 
 
 Posted with full respect to the value of McDonald's employees -- the details posted on the sign is the indication of engagement gone bad. 
 
 The photo below has nothing to do with Employee Engagement gone bad, but was certainly funny in a Dilbert sort of way. At EMC, we continue to pray to the cost leverage God, and are making our facilities more efficient at all times. On that note, I sent this photo to our CFO with a suggestion that he is perhaps, still a bit too easy on us: 
 
 This office must stink._ 
 That's it - enjoy your weekend! 
 By the way, you can see my columns on career coaching and transitions at SF Examiner.com. 
 
 JP McDermott is a financial services and insurance advisor in Walnut Creek, CA. specializing in career transitions. He is also a career and financial coach, a freelance writer on career coaching with SF Examiner.com, and has been volunteering his time and experience to various non-profit, service and civic organizations. 
JP lives in Danville with his wife Candy. 
 Check out his LinkedIn profile  http://www.linkedin.com/in/jpmcdermott 
 Leave a Comment »  |   Finding Jobs ,  Jobs ,  Never Eat Alone ,  Social Networks ,  Uncategorized  | Tagged:  Jason Alba ,  Job Mob ,  Polly Pearson  |   Permalink 
Posted by JP McDermott 
 
 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 
 
 March 2010 
 
 
 February 2010 
 
 
 January 2010 
 
 
 December 2009 
 
 
 November 2009 
 
 
 October 2009 
 
 
 September 2009 
 
 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 
 
 They hurt her   facebook.com/photo.php?fbid…   7 years ago 
 
 
 
 
 
 bureau of labor statistics   chad levitt   COBRA extension   CPC Job Connections   Dan Schwabel   Dean Tracy   Dennis Thompson   differentiate yourself   don't tell   finding jobs using Twitter   game has changed   givers   golden moments   go volunteer   happy   helping others   help someone in need   hilarious YouTube Interviews   Interns Over 40   interview skills   interview tips   J.P. McDermott   Jackie Williams   Jason Alba   Jibberjobber   job hunting startegies   job hunting tactics   jp mcdermitt   JP McDermot   JP McDermott   Jud Walsh   Jump Start Job Search   Keith Ferrazzi   Kim Litton   Laid Off and Looking   Lee Hecht Harrison   LinkedIn   LinkedIn for executives   maje yourself indispensable   MassMutual   Megan Pittsley   Meg Giuseppi   Mercator   netowrk internally   Networking   Never Eat Alone   new rules   old rules   Personal Branding   Polly Pearson   positive attitude   San Francisco Business Times   Seth Godin   shifts in employer-employee relationships   show   SING   social networking   St. Mary's College   St. Mary's College Graduate School of Business Alumni   stories   story   Susann Dittmann   thank you   Thompson & Associates   Tom Loaries   Top 3 Job Search Tips   top 10 interview tips   Twitter   unprepared hiring managers   Up in the Air   Weekly Top 3 job search tips   what do you do?   what Not to do in an interview   Who's Getting Hired   Who's Got Your Back? 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
