Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Advertising/Social Media Copywriter 
 Queen of the Thrones™ 
 __Kitchener, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Are you passionate about health and wellness? We are looking for a dedicated, organized, energetic and joyful person to fill a full-time Copywriting/Customer Service role at our natural health products company. They will be required to work at least 25 hours a week with some weekend hours.  Potential to become full time work. 
 This is a high-speed, flexible, & exciting job opportunity that can mainly be executed remotely, from the comfort of your home or your favourite working space. Candidates will be required to attend some in-person trainings/meetings in the Kitchener/Waterloo area and will be responsible for their transportation. 
 Our ideal candidate has a background in customer service, digital marketing, and copywriting, and is trained in nutrition/natural medicine. Must have a strong aptitude for social media and an eagerness to serve clients to better their health. 
 COVER LETTER + RESUME REQUIRED 
 THE ROLE 
 
 Responding to emails, phone calls, comments and messages on multiple platforms from customers in a timely manner and providing outstanding customer service 
 Using knowledge of natural medicine to formulate general responses to unique customer inquiries 
 Managing a private Facebook community, keeping members engaged 
 Tracking customer service performance and frequency of inquiries 
 Copywriting for ads, sales pages, email marketing, social media and more 
 Working co-operatively with other team members 
 
 REQUIREMENTS 
 
 Must be highly proficient in the English language 
 Must be open to spirituality 
 Strong customer service skills with a friendly, enthusiastic and positive attitude in assisting customers 
 Must be a nutritionist, naturopathic doctor, or have alternative formal training in natural health/nutrition 
 Experience in digital marketing, copywriting or advertising 
 1st Must be proficient in using basic softwares such as Email and Google Drive as well as social media platforms such as Facebook, Instagram and Youtube 
 Ability to work on a Mac or Chromebook 
 Ability to adapt and solve problems independently with strong attention to detail 
 Excellent communication and critical thinking skills 
 Must be flexible, some weeks require more hours, some less, with a few hours on the weekends 
 
 THE COMPANY 
 Queen of the Thrones™ is a fast-growing natural products company and online business located in the Kitchener/Waterloo area. Our mission is to help 1 billion souls around the world to feel better with our edutainment and lifestyle practice products. 
 Our e-commerce company started a mere 3 years ago but is exploding with growth! Founded by renowned naturopathic doctor, Marisol Teijeiro, the company’s roots date back to 10 years ago. Dr. Marisol took a messy, DIY health treatment & invented the only heat-less, less-mess, reusable castor oil pack (a natural health practice that improves digestion & other foundational health functions). 
 Our company primarily sells castor oil kits, lifestyle practice products and informational e-books & courses. 
 HOW TO APPLY 
 Do you think you have what it takes to excel in this exciting role? If so, we invite you to submit your resume to the email provided. We thank all that apply, however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Part-time hours: 25+ per week 
 Job Types: Part-time, Permanent 
 Salary: From $20.00 per hour 
 Schedule: 
 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Copywriting: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Language: 
 
 English (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 Yes, always 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
