
 Home 
 Legal 
 Sitemap 
 
 Put your sleuthing skills to work. Claims investigators perform in-depth online and database research to assess the legitimacy of an individual's unemployment or insurance claim. The level of education and experience required varies by position, with senior roles possibly requiring specialized degrees. For example, applicants for Anthem's senior clinical fraud investigator must have an associate degree in nursing, current certification as a certified professional coder or both.  Work At Home Jobs 
 Owning a business can be a good path to working from home. For an initial investment, franchises offer an established business with brand awareness, a business model, a territory and maybe even access to capital. There are franchise opportunities in mailing and shipping, cosmetics, travel, marketing, employment and staffing, retail and many more industries. [Work At Home Jobs](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=I7voRJkBsnM) 
 
 Step back from the full-time grind and try offering your knowledge and skills as an independent consultant. This can be a particularly attractive move for pre-retirees in a variety of industries hoping to ease into retirement, as it lets you trim back your hours as you see fit but maintain your senior-level pay rate if you stick with your area of expertise. You might even be able to talk to your current employer about transitioning a full-time position into a contract role. Otherwise, a number of online job boards — such as Upwork and FlexJobs — and staffing agencies — such as Wahve (which specializes in working with pre-retirees) and Robert Half — can help connect you with clients. 
 
 The salesman didn't die; he's just working from home. Companies across a range of industries, from financial to tech to health care, are looking for star salespeople with various levels of experience (and a license to sell, if necessary) to push their products and services from a remote location. Some higher-level positions may even manage a sales team. Many of the opportunities may require some travel once COVID-19 restrictions are lifted. 
Health care providers are among the most common employers offering jobs from home. So it should be no surprise that United Healthcare is one of the top 10 companies offering work-at-home situations. Though health care typically involves hands-on work at a care facility, it also provides a surprising number of positions that can be handled remotely. 
**As a member of the SYKESHome Work At Home team, you’ll be working remotely, primarily handling customer service related positions. These include customer service representatives, team leads, and support positions. But their extensive list of work from home positions includes system engineers, teacher quality evaluators, bilingual Spanish/English and French/English customer service reps, as well as area manager IT client services. Work From Home Jobs  ** 
 
 Kelly Services is one of the most popular employment agencies in the US. Best known for temporary jobs, the company began operations in 1946, and now offers positions in more than 30 countries around the world. It has more than 500,000 workers around the globe. Ranked Number 8 on the FlexJobs 2019 list, Kelly Services has moved up two notches for 2020.  Work From Home 
 
 Owning a business can be a good path to working from home. For an initial investment, franchises offer an established business with brand awareness, a business model, a territory and maybe even access to capital. There are franchise opportunities in mailing and shipping, cosmetics, travel, marketing, employment and staffing, retail and many more industries.  Work From Home Jobs 
Appen is a technology services company based in Australia. However, they have offices in the US and the United Kingdom as well, and provide opportunities in 130 countries around the world. The company works with some of the biggest companies in the world, including eight of the 10 top technology companies. It supports more than 1 million contractors around the world.  Work At Home Jobs 
 The service offers English as a second language to children in China, up to age eight. Teachers are English speakers who provide one-on-one courses based on the US Common Core State Standards. And as a teacher, you'll receive ongoing paid training as well as professional development opportunities. You'll be able to work from home, and choose your own schedule. Work At Home   
_Like “social distancing,” “contact tracer” may be a term you’d never heard of before 2020, but now seems to be everywhere. These disease detectives track down all the people who an infected person has been in contact with recently and let them know about their exposure, as well as what they should do next to prevent spreading the coronavirus further. Contact tracing is considered to be a key step in overcoming the pandemic, according to the U.S. Centers for Disease Control and Prevention and the World Health Organization. Work From Home  _ 
**Many businesses are in need of someone to design their logos, websites or visual ads. If you have a degree or certification in this area, you can make a comfortable salary annually (reportedly $45,000 and up). The more skilled you are, the more clients you'll likely get through word of mouth. Here's a guide on how to build a website that can help you get started. Work From Home Jobs  ** 
Appen is a technology services company based in Australia. However, they have offices in the US and the United Kingdom as well, and provide opportunities in 130 countries around the world. The company works with some of the biggest companies in the world, including eight of the 10 top technology companies. It supports more than 1 million contractors around the world. 
Bankrate’s editorial team writes on behalf of YOU – the reader. Our goal is to give you the best advice to help you make smart personal finance decisions. We follow strict guidelines to ensure that our editorial content is not influenced by advertisers. Our editorial team receives no direct compensation from advertisers, and our content is thoroughly fact-checked to ensure accuracy. So, whether you’re reading an article or a review, you can trust that you’re getting credible and dependable information.  Work From Home 
 Working from home has benefits for both workers and employers. Studies by Global Workplace Analytics, a San Diego research and consulting firm, have shown that telecommuting saves employers and workers time and money, reduces stress, increases productivity, lowers exposure to office colds and flus, and helps the environment by reducing the number of commuters.  Work From Home Jobs 
 The company offers placements with many of the biggest employers in the US and globally. Many of the positions are in accounting and finance, administrative positions, the automotive field, engineering, information technology and call centers. But as such a large and well-established employment firm, you can expect to find just about any type of position that fits your skill set.
 
 _Lionbridge is currently hiring corporate associates in technology, finance, marketing and sales, as well as translators and interpreters. One interesting subcategory is testers, raters and curators. These home-based positions are open to college students, as well as home-based workers. Industries serviced including banking and finance, gaming, manufacturing, legal services, and life sciences. Work At Home Jobs  _ 
Scottsdale, Arizona-based Liveops refers to itself as ”The modern call center that isn’t a call center”. This should give you a strong indication of what they do, and how and where it takes place. The company doesn't have call centers in the usual sense, but instead employs over 20,000 independent agents, working remotely. As such, it also describes itself as the world’s largest cloud contact center.  Work At Home 
The job: Would you like the freedom to work at home while helping others succeed? Those are the perks of working as a bookkeeper, says Ben Robinson, a certified public accountant and business owner who teaches others to become virtual bookkeepers through his online course, Bookkeeper Business Launch. We asked him for advice for making this career track work for you. You can read the full interview here.  Work At Home 
 Get paid to share your opinions. While it's not exactly a job, participating in surveys and focus groups can be an easy way to pick up a bit of extra cash — in some cases, a very little bit. Pay for some surveys can amount to as little as $1 an hour, according to SideHusl, a website that vets opportunities to make money on the side. But other opportunities can be more lucrative: Current offerings on FindFocusGroups.com and focusgroup.com pay $25 to $275 and $50 to $180 a pop, respectively. Work From Home  ~~ 
The job: Listen up, take notes and get paid. Transcribe Anywhere offers online transcription courses that teach students how to transcribe and also how to start their own freelance transcribing businesses. The online course will lead you through modules, practice dictations and quizzes. It even shows you how to create a website and how to secure clients. 
Provide administrative support from the comfort of your own home and schedule. Virtual assistants can perform a range of services, from scheduling and email management to social media strategizing and event planning. And you can seek to do it full time via an agency or independently on a gig-by-gig basis. Boldly is a staffing agency hiring full-time assistants to work from home in 23 states. Or you can post your services on freelance job boards such as FreeUp and Upwork to connect with potential clients directly.  Work From Home 
But hope remains. As shelter-in-place restrictions keep most nonessential workers home, opportunities for remote work have been growing. Brie Reynolds, career development manager for FlexJobs — an online job market specializing in flexible and remote work — says the site saw a 4 percent increase in remote job listings in March, compared with February. Plus, with so many jobs shifting home, any stigma against employing remote workers is easing. “Overall, companies seem to be pleasantly surprised at how well remote work is working for them,” Reynolds says. “So that's great. It is providing good solutions right now.”  Work From Home 
~~As a member of the SYKESHome Work At Home team, you’ll be working remotely, primarily handling customer service related positions. These include customer service representatives, team leads, and support positions. But their extensive list of work from home positions includes system engineers, teacher quality evaluators, bilingual Spanish/English and French/English customer service reps, as well as area manager IT client services. Work At Home Jobs   
 
 Nowadays, people are going online to find experts at things they themselves may be struglging with. A growing trend is hiring an expert versus hiring a large company to come in and help fix problems. One resource is Catalant, which hires out experts from $15 an hour to $280 an hour. That's one option if you're looking to help others with your knowledge. 
 
 The job: Would you like the freedom to work at home while helping others succeed? Those are the perks of working as a bookkeeper, says Ben Robinson, a certified public accountant and business owner who teaches others to become virtual bookkeepers through his online course, Bookkeeper Business Launch. We asked him for advice for making this career track work for you. You can read the full interview here. 
_If you can listen and type, you can be a transcriptionist. Some positions, such as in the medical field, may prefer applicants with technical knowledge of the subject matter. But plenty of opportunities — including those at Literably (a reading assessment service for students from kindergarten through eighth grade) and Pactera Technologies (a global digital consulting firm) — require no prior experience and provide on-the-job training. Work At Home  _ 
Franchises can cost a lot of money, but there are opportunities for less than $50,000, says Jania Bailey, CEO of FranNet, a franchise marketplace. “You might be able to get financing from the (Small Business Administration) or the lenders the brand works with. It’s a little more affordable than people think. If it takes $100,000, you might need $20,000.”  Work From Home Jobs 
Bankrate’s editorial team writes on behalf of YOU – the reader. Our goal is to give you the best advice to help you make smart personal finance decisions. We follow strict guidelines to ensure that our editorial content is not influenced by advertisers. Our editorial team receives no direct compensation from advertisers, and our content is thoroughly fact-checked to ensure accuracy. So, whether you’re reading an article or a review, you can trust that you’re getting credible and dependable information.  Work At Home 
_For those unfamiliar with affiliate marketing, it’s simply referral marketing where you earn a commission. Let’s say that you have a website and refer a book on Amazon. When the visitor clicks the affiliate link and buys the book, Amazon will pay you a percentage of the sale. People love affiliate marketing because they can start earning money passively with few startup costs. Work From Home  _ 
Englewood, Colorado-based TTEC has been around since 1982, and is a business process outsourcing company. It provides services around the world, and operates delivery centers in 24 countries. TTEC provides work-from-home situations for consultants, customer service professionals, students, and veterans. In fact, the company employs more than 20,000 work-at-home employees.  Work At Home 
 That puts contact tracers in high demand. In fact, a recent report from Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health estimates that the nation needs about 100,000 new contact tracers to help manage the COVID-19 outbreak. But you can still expect the competition to be fierce for this remote position. Education and work experience requirements vary by employer, but the CDC’s job posting specifies that at least a high school diploma is required, and a bachelor’s degree is preferred. Otherwise, the major requirements include strong communication abilities — you’ll spend most of your time on the phone closely following a script — computer skills and empathy. Being multilingual may help boost your chances of getting hired. Training is provided. (Even if you’re not planning to be a contact tracer, you can take a free online six-hour training course developed by Johns Hopkins, just to learn more about COVID-19.) [Work From Home Jobs](https://m.youtube.com/e/I7voRJkBsnM) 
 × 
 
 Work From Home Jobs  Contact us at webmaster@workatwca.com |  Sitemap txt  |  Sitemap 
