Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Liquor Clerk(#294) 
 Saskatoon Co-operative Association Ltd. 
 __Saskatoon, SK 
 Apply Now 
 Saskatoon Co-op invites applications for the position of Part Time; Seasonal Liquor Clerk at the Wine, Spirits, Beer – 8th Street Liquor location in Saskatoon, SK 
 Reporting to the Store Manager, responsibilities for this position include the following: 
 To come to work with a positive, professional approach and attitude. 
To be dependable for all scheduled shifts. 
To provide information, assistance and service to customers in a manner which will promote the sale of merchandise and meet the needs, requirements and expectations of the consumer. 
To maintain a neat, clean, and orderly department at all times. 
To order merchandise as directed by the manager as per Saskatoon Co-op policies and procedures. 
To receive merchandise as directed by the manager as per Saskatoon Co-op policies and procedures. 
To display merchandise as directed by the manager as per Saskatoon Co-op policies and procedures. 
To operate the cash register and prepare daily cash reconciliations when required. 
To perform opening and closing procedures. 
To be responsible in the area of loss prevention. 
To review and act on various P.O.S. reports as they pertain to the section and as directed by the manager. 
To be familiar with and adhere to Saskatoon Co-op policies and procedures, in particular adhering to the Selling Age Restricted Items policy. 
Other duties as assigned. 
 Qualifications 
 Applicants must be at least 19 years of age. 
Applicants must be strongly service-oriented and motivated, and capable of serving and assisting customers in a courteous and efficient manner. 
Applicants must be prepared to increase product knowledge and improve selling techniques through special courses, product clinics and training sessions. 
Must have the demonstrated ability to fulfill physical job requirements including: lifting and carrying of 50-75 lbs of force occasionally, 10-20 lbs of force constantly, and the ability to climb ladders. 
Experience in the liquor industry will be considered an asset. 
Preference will be given to those who possess enhanced knowledge of wine, spirits and beer. A knowledge test will be applied to determine eligibility. 
Must be able to work mornings, afternoons, evenings and weekends. 
 
 a combination of relevant education and experience may be considered. 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
