Skip to Content 
 
 Getting Started 
 
 Interviews 
 
 
 How-tos 
 Career Paths 
 
 Freelance 
 Creative Careers 
 Selling Online 
 
 
 Desk & Decor 
 Search Magnifying Glass 
 
 Search for: Close Search × 
 Search Magnifying Glass 
 Search for: Close Search × 
 ](http://worksion.com "Worksion") 
 Why Is It So Hard to Find a Job? (And 3 Tips to Help) 
 Posted on Last updated: January 11, 2021 By: Author  Selena Marc 
 Categories  Finding a Career 
 As a job hunter, you might be asking yourself, "why is it so hard to find a job?" Finding a job can be hard, demoralizing, and exhausting. There can be a lot of reasons why your job hunt might not be going well. A bad economy means jobs are scarce and job hunters are plentiful. In that situation, employers can be picky, getting top tier talent at bargain prices. 
 
 Similarly, if you're in a highly saturated career, finding a position in any economy can be difficult. You will need to develop your talent to stand out or be extremely lucky to succeed. 
 
 This post may have affiliate links, meaning we earn a small commission on purchases through the links (at no extra cost to you). This does not change our opinion but does help support the site. Thank you! 
 
 Luckily for most of us, finding a job is a matter of hard work, perseverance, and not getting discouraged. You also need to make sure you're presenting yourself in the best way possible during your job-hunt to have a shot at finding (and getting) the job of your dreams. 
 3 Mistakes That Make it Hard to Find a Job 
 1. Just applying online. 
 Stop it. If you're really focused on how to find a job you love -- when applying, reach out to the people you know and could/ would vouch for you, and let them know you're looking. Something like 85% of open jobs don't even make it online -- instead, they're filled by people in the organization who bring in people they know. Be one of those people. 
 
 2. Being afraid to be specific about what you want. 
 Depending on your desperation level, you might be tempted  to say to your network , "I'll take anything!" But "I'll take anything!" won't ring any bells for the other person. Something like "I want to use my relationship-building skills to work at a start-up that needs a customer service superstar" will be able to spark the connection between you and whoever-that-person-might-know. 
 
 
 3. Hiding your outside interests! 
 Have a blog, or a  side business , or a talent that you think isn't relevant? No need to keep it a secret! Amp up the skills you learned from it and how it could apply to the job you're seeking -- and be secure in the fact that showing yourself as a real, multi-faceted person will only work in your favor at the right company. 
 
 Finding a job can be hard but if you use your network, be specific on what types of jobs you're looking for, and learn to show off the skills you've learned, it can be a little easier. 
 Good luck! 
 
 Michelle Ward (CPC, PCC) has 1 question for you: What do you want to be when you grow up? She 's answered that question for herself, and today she helps women transition out of soul-sucking jobs and into work that feels like play. 
 You may have seen or heard her on The Huffington Post, Etsy, AOL Jobs, Newsweek, SXSW, Freelancers Union, Psychology Today, the Forbes Top 100 Websites for your Career list or 100+ other media outlets. She 's the co-author of  The Declaration of You! , which was published by North Light Books, and the teacher of the 2nd highest-viewed course on CreativeLive's Craft & Makers channel,  Create Your Dream Career . Or sign up for her free webinar,  How to Discover Your Meaningful Biz (in 5 Easy Steps) . 
 Read more: 
 
 How to Take Teeny Baby Steps Toward Your Biggest Dreams 
 5 First Steps to Finding A Career You Love 
 How I Used My Maternity Leave To Start My Business 
 Forget Your Career Plan: Say Yes to Next Steps 
 
 
  How to Negotiate Your Freelance Rates (And Why You Should!) ← Read Last Post     How to Become A Freelance Writer With No Experience: 18 Writers Tell-All Read Next Post →  
 Comments are closed. 
 
 
 
 You might also like 
 
 How to Take Teeny Baby Steps Toward Your Biggest Dreams 
 9 Best Part-Time Work-From-Home Jobs 
 What Makes You Unique (And Why It Matters in Your Career!) 
 Forget Your Career Plan: Say Yes to Next Steps 
 
 Affiliate Notice 
 Worksion participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we get paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive and we thank you for the support. 
 Worksion.com is also a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com. Amazon and the Amazon logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc or its affiliates. 
 Looking for something? 
 Search for: 
 Important Links 
 
 DMCA & Content Policy 
 Home 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Understanding Your Career Trajectory (& How to Change It) 
 5 Tips on How to Keep a Professional Conversation Going 
 Leaving a Job for a Better Opportunity? What to Say in Your Resume & Interviews 
 Understanding the 5Ps of Marketing: Definition and Examples 
 What to Do When You Feel Underappreciated at Work 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 Worksion |  The Wisteria  on  Trellis Framework  by  Mediavine 
