Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Representative Institutional Sales 
 Laurentian Bank 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Laurentian Bank Securities is an integrated full-service investment dealer, focusing on six lines of business. The well-respected Institutional Fixed Income division has a strong presence in Government & Corporate underwritings across Canada, as well as in market making & trade execution. In addition, the Institutional Equity division focuses on serving clients through research, trading and investment banking in the small capitalization sector. The fast-growing Full-Service Retail division and Discount Brokerage division currently serve clients through 11 offices in Quebec, Ontario and Alberta. Furthermore, LBS' correspondent/dealer services business provides complete back office support to a wide range of customers. LBS also offers an Immigrant Investors program. 
 LBS is looking for an exceptionally qualified person to fill the role of Representative Institutional Sales, Fixed Income. Under the supervision of the Vice-President, Trading and Distribution, the incumbent will provide distribution of fixed income securities to qualified institutional investors in Canada as outlined below. 
 We are seeking dedicated and motivated candidates possessing demonstrated academic achievement as well as leadership, organizational and teamwork skills to work in a collaborative, demanding and fast paced environment. Candidates must be able to work well under pressure. The successful candidate will be engaged and work well in an entrepreneurial environment 
 Responsibilities : 
º Cultivate relationships with fixed income accounts; 
º Utilize a consultative sales approach to understand client needs and challenges; 
º Grow breadth of LBS clients and market share; 
º Gain expert knowledge of the fixed income capital markets; 
º Distribute large universe of government and corporate credit; 
º Insure co-ordination of new issues with DCM, trading and clients; 
º Intelligence and market analysis. 
 Qualifications : 
.º An undergraduate and/or postgraduate degree in Business/Economics or related field; 
º 1-3-year experience in financial markets; 
º Previous work experience working as Financial Advisors and/or Customer Service Representative, an asset; 
º CFA designation or enrolment in the CFA program; 
º Strong written and oral communication skills in English, French is an asset; 
º Skills in programming and macros (mandatory), Bloomberg an asset; 
º The successful completion of the following course is required: Canadian Securities Courses (CSC) and Conduct and Practices handbook course (CPH), 
º Licensed with Investment Industry Regulatory Organization of Canada (IIROC), an asset. 
 Additional Information : 
We welcome and encourage applications from individuals from all groups, including aboriginal, women, visible minorities, and persons with disabilities, regardless of race, ethnicity, sexual orientation, creed, family status, national origin, age and gender. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
