  
 
 Platform 
 
 Communication Platform 
 Digital Workplace 
 Employee App 
 Enterprise Social Network 
 Social Intranet 
 
 
 Use Cases 
 
 Employee Engagement 
 Internal Communication 
 Remote Working 
 Culture Amplification 
 Leadership and Crisis Communication 
 Collaboration 
 Secure and Scalable Communications 
 
 
 Customers 
 Resources 
 
 WebinarsRegister here for upcoming live broadcasts and access previous events 
 BooksOur collection of employee communication publications to download and enjoy 
 Workvivo in the NewsSee where we’re being talked about and our press releases here 
 
 
 Blog 
 Book a Demo 
 
 Return to Press Releases 
 IRISH TECH COMPANY WORKVIVO ANNOUNCES PLANS TO CREATE 100 NEW JOBS 
 25 September 2020 
    [ ](http://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?mini=true&url=https://www.workvivo.com/resource/irish-tech-company-workvivo-announces-plans-to-create-100-new-jobs/&title=IRISH TECH COMPANY WORKVIVO ANNOUNCES PLANS TO CREATE 100 NEW JOBS ) [ ](https://twitter.com/share?url=https://www.workvivo.com/resource/irish-tech-company-workvivo-announces-plans-to-create-100-new-jobs/&text=IRISH TECH COMPANY WORKVIVO ANNOUNCES PLANS TO CREATE 100 NEW JOBS ) 
 CORK 25th September 2020 
 IRISH TECH COMPANY WORKVIVO ANNOUNCES PLANS TO CREATE 100 NEW JOBS 
 Taoiseach Micheál Martin makes announcement during visit to global headquarters in Cork 
 Irish tech company Workvivo, one of the world’s fastest growing providers of internal communications technology, has today announced plans to create 100 new jobs with support from Enterprise Ireland. Workvivo has experienced significant growth in new business as its communication platform supports companies looking to engage a remote workforce and bring workplace culture to life digitally. 
 Workvivo has witnessed a steady increase in levels of engagement on its communication platform as remote working continues for workers across the globe. In the past year, Workvivo has experienced 200% growth in user numbers, with customers now spanning 47 countries. 40% of its customer base has joined the platform since March. 
 The company currently employs 35 staff, but predicts its workforce will grow to 135 within the next three years as businesses adapt to a new future of communication and engagement with their employees. Workvivo’s platform helps businesses to connect with staff across multiple sites, and enables those businesses to engage and connect with their employees. 
 Workvivo’s customers in Ireland include Woodies, Trigon Hotels, Bus Éireann, Irish Rail and UCC. Globally, it supplies companies including Telus International, Seneca Entertainment in New York, Netgear, A+E Networks, Kentech, Cubic Telecom and Staffordshire University. 
 Announcing the jobs, Taoiseach Micheál Martin said:  “The Workvivo story is testament to the ability of indigenous Irish companies to make an impact on a global scale. Using the software developed here, Workvivo is offering firms new workplace options in uncertain times. 
 “Workvivo founders John Goulding and Joe Lennon are very committed to Cork and Ireland, and I look forward to seeing their business grow and expand over the coming years. Today 's announcement of additional new jobs is another welcome step forward in the Workvivo journey and I want to wish the workers and management the very best into the future”. 
 Workvivo CEO, John Goulding said:  “We are delighted to announce our growth plans today. In the new world of remote working it is more important than ever for companies to have the right communication technology for the workforce. Bringing the workplace culture to life and engaging the workplace now becomes something you need to be able to do digitally and this is exactly what Workvivo is excited about helping organizations with.’’ 
 Workvivo has been supported by Enterprise Ireland since its inception. 
 Manager of Enterprise Ireland’s High Potential Start-Ups Division, Jennifer Melia said;  “   Over the past three years the team in Enterprise Ireland has worked closely with Workvivo, an innovative start-up whose ambition and enthusiasm has helped it to quickly evolve into a global business. This is a superb example of the growth possibilities for Irish entrepreneurs and the collaborative, creative approach adopted by the company has helped drive its success to date. Workvivo’s platform and services are empowering workforces and organizations to be productive and engaged while at the same time helping them to remain social. It is a unique and distinctive product which has been integrated into our own internal communications in Enterprise Ireland over the last year. We are delighted to support the new jobs announced today and look forward to continuing to support the company’s global ambition for many more years to come.” 
 Co-founder of Workvivo, Joe Lennon added: ‘  This has been a transformative year in terms of defining the workplace of the future. We feel very privileged to be shaping this with some great customers and partners who have helped us along this journey. We are very excited about the opportunity and have our sights firmly fixed on our target of one million employees on our platform in 2021.” 
 -ENDS- 
 About Workvivo 
 Workvivo is a digital communication platform that becomes the heartbeat and pulse of the organization, carrying the communication that engages employees and shapes the culture of the company. Workvivo increases collaboration, sense of community and belonging to the organization. The result is more effective employee communication, a highly engaged workforce and a communications technology built for the modern workplace. Check us out at  www.workvivo.com 
    [ ](http://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?mini=true&url=https://www.workvivo.com/resource/irish-tech-company-workvivo-announces-plans-to-create-100-new-jobs/&title=IRISH TECH COMPANY WORKVIVO ANNOUNCES PLANS TO CREATE 100 NEW JOBS ) [ ](https://twitter.com/share?url=https://www.workvivo.com/resource/irish-tech-company-workvivo-announces-plans-to-create-100-new-jobs/&text=IRISH TECH COMPANY WORKVIVO ANNOUNCES PLANS TO CREATE 100 NEW JOBS ) 
 LET'S GET STARTED 
 Transform your employee communication today. 
 Experience Workvivo for yourself. 
Book a demo and get started. 
  Book a Demo  
  Take the Tour  
 Communicate. Connect. Engage. 
           
 QUICK LINKS 
 
 Features 
 Customers 
 Blog 
 About 
 Disclaimer 
 
 GET IN TOUCH 
 
 Book a Demo 
 Contact Us 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 Get the latest updates from Workvivo 
 (C) 2020 Workvivo Limited. All rights reserved 
