Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Quality Assurance Associate 
 Aurora Cannabis 
 __Bradford, ON 
 Apply Now 
 The Quality Assurance Associate is responsible for the efficient collection and analysis of quality data that may be collected during cultivation, processing and packaging activities. This is a critical role in our organization. 
 MAIN RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Ensure completeness of documentation by reviewing all documentation is GMP/GDP compliant 
Prepare monthly reports 
Review and maintain completed batch records. 
Participate in internal GMP and safety audits. 
Assist in conducting internal quality audits. 
Participate in regulatory audits (Health Canada, other regulatory bodies, etc.) 
Ensure the timely completion of all preventive and corrective actions necessary to resolve any non-conformance issues that may have been highlighted as a result of the audits. 
Assist in investigations of non-conformance issues 
Ensure product is moving through product life-cycle in the facility in a linear manner, as per Aurora’s SOPs. 
Develop and maintain processes and forms under the guidance of the Quality Assurance Manager and Quality Assurance Person 
Maintain security and confidentiality of all aspects of the business 
 ADDITIONAL RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Where applicable, must adhere to Aurora’s SOPs and comply with Health Canada’s Access to Cannabis for Medical Purposes Regulations (Cannabis Act). 
Maintain GMP quality management systems. 
Assist in training staff 
Where applicable, promote and maintain GMP requirements. 
Other duties as required 
 QUALIFICATIONS: 
Bachelor’s Degree or diploma in a related scientific field. 
A minimum of two to five years of quality assurance experience preferred. 
Demonstrated ability to work with others as a member of a team. 
Knowledge of health and safety standards and compliance. 
Strong communication and interpersonal skills required to communicate with the department supervisors and workers to insure seamless and transparent evaluation of in-process data and operations. 
Demonstrated ability to understand and execute verbal and written instructions. 
Proficiency to prioritize activities. 
Demonstrated problem solving skills and attention to detail. 
Capability to maintain both physical and mental fitness and alertness. 
Position requires ability to work at various levels of height, and move freely and independently throughout all areas and levels of the building (including climbing stairs) to work in areas of production, labs, offices and others as required. 
 We would like to thank all applicants for their interest, but only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Aurora is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
