 Hot Topic Careers  
 Search job openings 
 Accounting Manager 
 Hot Topic HQ - City of Industry, California - Full-time 
 Description 
 We know that Accounting is typically viewed as a back office function, but at Hot Topic we work collaboratively and see this role as a strategic partner in ensuring our success. We’re searching for an Accounting Manager who’ll lead the Real Estate Accounting Team, take charge of fixed asset reporting and processes, assist with month end close, audit support and special projects as needed.  In the role, you will be exposed to many facets of specialty retail across multiple brands (Hot Topic, Box Lunch and Her Universe) and will be instrumental as we upgrade and enhance our systems and processes.  We live in a fast paced, constantly changing environment; you’re the type that thrives on it. 
 WHAT YOU'LL DO 
 
 Manage the Merchandise A/P function, to ensure all merchandise vendors are paid according to terms, taking advantage of all cash management techniques, such as early payment discounts for some and extended terms for others. 
 Manage the Expense (non-merchandise) A/P function, including employee expense reimbursements. 
 Manage the A/P Real Estate function to ensure landlords are paid according to lease agreements. 
 Perform variance analysis between actual expenses to forecast and support monthly financial statement balances by resolving outstanding issues. 
 Monthly close process including account reconciliations and journal entry preparation and review. 
 Generate and analyze periodic reports for monthly fixed asset reporting. 
 Coordinate with others in the Accounting Department to complete the monthly fixed asset close process. 
 Prepare and reconcile the fixed asset sub-ledger to the general ledger monthly and perform other month-end close activities. 
 Support our Real Estate, Leasing & Legal team by assisting with special requests from landlords. 
 Coordinate with team to ensure prompt and accurate monthly rent payments and reconcile all lease charges (including CAM, insurance etc.) according to lease agreements. 
 Coordinate with team to ensure landlord-reportable sales are sent to landlords on a monthly and annual basis. 
 Coordinate with team to determine appropriate month-end accruals for percentage and special rent, utilities, and other occupancy expenses. 
 Coordinate with team to audit year-end CAM (common area maintenance) and real estate tax statements and verifies lease compliance. You’ll provide audit information as requested including a contingent liability report. 
 Provide external audit support for the areas of fixed assets and leases. 
 Assist in the preparation and review of corporate accounting policies and procedures; you’ll help us drive efficiency and optimization at scale, and communicate these processes to the team and business. 
 Ensure proper controls and procedures are adhered to, and all Sarbanes-Oxley required controls are correctly performed. 
 Take on other responsibilities and ad hoc projects within the Accounting Department. 
 
 WHAT YOU'LL NEED 
 
 Bachelor’s degree in accounting and at least 3+ years of related experience 
 Big 4 or national accounting firm experience is preferred 
 CPA or CPA eligible is preferred 
 Minimum of 2 years’ experience as a supervisor or manager is required 
 Knowledge of fundamental accounting concepts, practices, and procedures 
 Ability to work in a fast-paced environment, while adhering to strict deadline 
 Strong communication skills including ability to work in a team environment, give honest, direct feedback and is an excellent verbal and written communicator 
 Excellent analytical/problem solving skills with success in improving processes and efficiency 
 
 Share Job 
 Apply 
 
 Attach Resume/CV 
 Apply with LinkedIn 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 I agree to receive text messages from Hot Topic, Inc. to the telephone number provided above for purposes related to my job application and job recruitment at Hot Topic. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Submit 
 
 Check us out 
 
 
 Stores 
 
 
 Since our first store opening in 1989, we've been leading the way in bringing music and pop culture to the masses. We're now at 690 stores and counting across the U.S. and Canada. Working at our stores means you're taking a huge part in delivering the fandom. 
 
 
 All the (not so) small things 
 
 
 Benefits are a big deal, and we've got you covered. Medical, Dental, Vision, Retirement and so much more. Add in employee discounts, PTO, and tuition reimbursement and you're walking away flashing some bling. 
 
 
 Explore the Mothership 
 
 
 Our HQ is based in the City of Industry, CA in a newly designed, converted warehouse space. We have an open, collaborative work environment (no iron gates. Well...maybe :) with some sweet perks: on-site cafe, fitness center, chiropractor, masseuse, & fitness instructors. 
  Watch Video  
 
 
 We have superpowers. Being invisible isn't one of them. 
 
 
 Come see what's under our cape - check us out on Glassdoor. 
   
 
 Equal Opportunity Employer 
 Hot Topic, Inc. is an Equal Opportunity Employer. The company makes employment decisions based on the most qualified candidate regardless of race, color, sex, age, national origin, disability, religion, ancestry, religious creed, mental and physical disability, pregnancy and related medical conditions, genetic information, citizenship status, or any other characteristic protected by State, Federal or local law. Hot Topic, Inc. is committed to a program designed to prevent discrimination or unequal treatment. 
 
 Our company participates in  E-Verify . E-Verify is a program that electronically confirms a candidate’s  eligibility to work  in the United States after completing the Employment Eligibility Verification (Form I-9). The information provided on the Form I-9 is compared to the records contained in the Social Security Administration and Department of Homeland Security (DHS) databases. This helps employers verify the identity and employment eligibility of newly hired employees. 
 For California applicants, please click  here  for our California Consumer Privacy Act notice to learn about how we use applicant information. 
 
 Follow Us 
  LinkedIn     Instagram     Glassdoor  
 
 Hot Topic Careers 
 © 2020 Hot Topic, Inc. All Rights Reserved 
 
 All HQ & DC 
 Distribution and Operations 
 Finance & Accounting 
 Information Technology 
 Merchandise Planning & Allocation 
 Real Estate & Construction 
 Stores 
 
