  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Morden, England 
 Rate:  30LTD 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 Social worker 
 Merton council are currently recruiting for an Adult Social worker to work in a Hospital Team. 
 Key Purpose of Job 
, To be a core member of a multi-disciplinary Mental Health team and be responsible for taking an active and regular role in the daytime Approved Mental Health Professional (AMHP) rota, which covers working age groups. 
 This will include statutory assessments under the Mental Health Act 1983 (MHA) for consideration of compulsory admission to hospital, Community Treatment Orders, Guardianship and related duties. 
, To have clear responsibilities for the safeguarding of adults and children and for operating in a manner consistent with Human Rights legislation. 
 List Key Duties and accountabilities of the post 
, To carry out the process of MHA assessments, consistent with legal and statutory 
obligations. 
 , To identify the least restrictive options and to act as an autonomous professional, 
consistent with the mental health legislation and associated Codes of Practice. 
, To engage and support Nearest Relatives when undertaking statutory work. 
, To provide support and advice to colleagues in relation to statutory work; including 
Community Treatment Orders, Guardianship, Mental Health Tribunals and MCA issues. 
, To carry our care co-ordination tasks and develop therapeutic relationships as appropriate, 
to facilitate engagements with the service. 
 , To carry out statutory duties and care co-ordination to patients detained outside of the 
locality. 
, To identify safeguarding adults concerns and implement safeguarding policies and 
processes for individual cases. 
, To take part in Child in Need and Child Protection safeguarding procedures as required. 
, To identify and act upon situations where children may be at risk, working with appropriate 
agencies as required. 
, To carry a varied case load and to have a good working knowledge of a range of mental 
health problems including co-morbid, drug, alcohol or personality disorders as required 
 Free Payroll Service 
 
 SCS will fund the £9 a week fee via ARCH Umbrella company! if you secure a Qualified Social worker role. 
Candidate Referral Bonus 
SCS offer £250 for every Qualified Social Worker you refer over to us! 
(£150 after 6 weeks in the assignment and £100 after completing 12 weeks) 
 
 Find your own job bonus 
SCS will offer £150 to Qualified Social Workers sourcing their own job and referring it to the agency you must be placed in the role for 4weeks before payment can be made! 
 Permanent Qualified Social Worker Bonus 
 
 If you are placed in to a permanent position by SCS we will pay £250 after you have completed 12 weeks in the role! 
 
 Subsidised training 
SCS will pay up to £250 each year to help with your Continuing Professional Development 
 Loyalty Reward Scheme 
SCS will pay a "Thank you" bonus to Qualified Social Workers after each 12-month period they complete with SCS. 
 If you are interested in the role, or know of anyone who may be, please contact Delanie Heyes at Service Care Solutions on 01772 208964 or email Delanie.Heyes@servicecare.org.uk. 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  on going 
 
 
 Rate:  30LTD 
 
 
 Location:  Morden, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Other 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 555530 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-11-26 08:29:55 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Adults Social Worker, Modern Slavery and Forced Marriage 
 Adults Social Worker, Safeguarding, Tower Hamlets 
 Estates Surveyor 
 Care Assistant 
 Maintenance Surveyor 
 Social Worker, Discharge to Assess, Lewisham 
 Building Surveyor 
 Social Worker, SGO and Connected Carers, Southwark 
 Gas Engineer Domestic 
 Social Worker, Safeguarding and Family Support, Southwark 
 Adults Social Worker, Physical Disabilities, Ealing 
 Senior Social Worker, Court Team, Home working 
 Qualified Visual Impairment Officer, Kensington and Chelsea 
 Senior CP / CIN Social Worker, Lewisham 
 Team Manager, Early Help, Working from home 
 Child Protection Advisor 
 Administrator 
 Family Support Worker 
 Senior Practitioner - Safeguarding and Support 
 Adult Social Care Debt Management Project Lead 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
