Skip to content 
  Career   
 
 
 EN 
 
 DE 
 
 
 
 Agency. 
 
 Our Story english 
 Emotion Engineering english 
 Reach people 
 Guaranteed Success 
 
 
 
 Portfolio. 
 
 Online and Hybrid Event 
 Change Events 
 Management Meetings 
 Corporate Event 
 Anniversary 
 Sales meetings 
 Teambuilding 
 Large group methods 
 Trade shows & Exhibitions 
 Communication Consulting 
 Public speaking and moderating coaching 
 Event app: www InterACT 
 Media 
 Business Entertainment 
 
 
 
 Career. 
 
 Apprenticeship 
 Communication Consultant 
 Project Manager 
 Internship 
 
 
 
 Blog. 
 
 
 Contact. 
 
 
 Exciting customers, 
 exciting challenges, 
diverse opportunities. 
 At  what when why  ®, we employ people who understand that live communication is the most successful form of communication - if content, strategies and corporate cultures are permanently anchored and sustainably lived. 
 People with experience who want to improve continuously. And who want to gain more and more experience in order to improve continuously. 
 We are looking for people with a lot of self-confidence, empathy, persuasiveness and consistent service orientation. People who take responsibility - for themselves, their projects and in cooperation with colleagues. 
 We offer these people a great team with exciting customers, flexible working hours, a lot of development potential and lots of prospects. Supporting communication processes lasting several years is not an exception, but the rule with us. 
 So if you're not looking for a job, but for exciting challenges and sustainable career options - then we'll see you soon for a macchiato at the  what when why  ® Café. 
 Current 
 job advertisements 
 Apprenticeship 
 Senior-/ Communication Consultant 
 Project Manager 
 Internship Eventmanagement 
 Apprenticeship 
 Event manager 
 When is the right time for you? 
 You have acquired the general qualification for university entrance and have good written and spoken German and English skills. In addition, you have already gained experience with MS-Office and have a class B driving license. You are an open-minded, creative and communicative person, have a friendly and confident manner and are ready for extraordinary challenges? You are careful, focused and have a very structured way of working? You want to develop yourself, don't like stagnation and are looking for an exciting agency life? Of course, team spirit and the joy of work should not be missing! 
 What are your tasks? 
 
 Above all to become a very good event manager 
 Support of our project managers - project support, customer care and co-development of concepts as well as the implementation of actions on site 
 Research, coordination and management of service providers 
 Creation of budgets and PowerPoint presentations 
 General office tasks 
 Participation in our online and social media presence 
 
 What makes working at what when why® so special? 
 
 Challenging, demanding and always continuous development within the agency 
 Interesting customers with exciting projects 
 Varied and responsible tasks 
 A young and extremely motivated team 
 An unbelievable amount of experience and many possibilities for your individual growth 
 Attractive chances of being taken on by the agency after the training 
 table tennis, table football and the  www  -café 
 Good connection to the public transport system + travel subsidy 
 
 What else should you know? 
 The training is accompanied by the responsible Robert-Schumann-School in Baden-Baden. In advance you should complete a 3-month internship to get to know you and thus ensure a smooth transition to the training. 
 Apply now 
 Senior-/ Communication Consultant (m/w/d) 
 What are your tasks? 
 
 Needs and potential analysis as well as goal-oriented consulting of our customers 
 Development of experience-oriented live communication architectures 
 Development of short, medium and long-term live communication strategies and projects for our customers 
 Co-Creation in the development of the various event formats 
 Further development of our internal consulting methods 
 Successful presentation of strategies, concepts as well as creative ideas and solution approaches 
 Key account, project management and project controlling 
 
 What do we expect from you? 
 Empathy, competence, methodology, enthusiasm and performance 
 You have a university degree in business psychology, education, communication, media or marketing or a comparable education. Your distinctive methodical competence helps you to understand your customers and to generate and implement successful projects. You have already gained 3-5 years of professional experience and very good German and English skills, both spoken and written. Your confident, emphatic and eloquent appearance enables you to present your concepts and ideas convincingly and successfully. You are communicative, resilient, flexible and enthusiastic and have excellent time and self management skills. You have an independent, structured way of working but are still team-oriented. Your goal is to make communication concepts tangible and unique. 
 What makes working at what when why® so special? 
 
 Challenging tasks with exciting clients and projects in a developing communications agency 
 A creative working environment by a young and dynamic team with a lot of creative freedom 
 Diverse possibilities for your personal development 
 Flexible working hours 
 Table tennis, table football and the  www  -café 
 Good connection to the public transport system + travel allowance 
 
 [Apply now](mailto:ich_moechte@whatwhenwhy.de?subject=Bewerbung%20Senior-/ Communication Consultant) 
 Project Manager (m/w/d) 
 Live Communication 
 What do we expect from you? 
 Commitment, flexibility, highest quality standards and cost awareness. 
You have a university degree or comparable education in the field of communication, event management or the hotel industry and have successfully completed it. Afterwards you have at least 2-3 years of agency experience in a comparable position. You are fluent in German and English, have very good written and spoken German and English skills and are confident in using MS-Office. 
 What do we need your professional support for? 
 You are an experienced live communication expert. As the interface between our customers, partners and the project team, you have the ambition to present and implement concepts, project plans and detailed solutions in a convincing and inspiring way. You have excellent time and self management skills. You enjoy working in a team to develop great things together, but you can also work independently and goal-oriented on your own. You are able to work skilfully with service providers and partners, always keeping an eye on the budget and the realization logistics and can therefore convince your customers and create experiences that are not easily forgotten. Your work is characterized by an entrepreneurial, self-reflective and service-oriented way of thinking, so you are willing to be measured by success. 
 What are your tasks? 
 
 Independent planning, coordination and implementation of projects 
 Inspire our customers with your work in the long term 
 Negotiation and coordination of contracts and the associated calculation, planning and control of the budget 
 Creation and adherence to schedules 
 Ensure the smooth flow of information between all parties involved and take over the implementation of the events on site 
 Technical management of project assistants 
 Optimization of processes and expansion of agency know-how 
 
 What exactly is it that makes working at what when why® special? 
 
 Interesting customers with exciting projects 
 Diverse, responsible and varied tasks 
 A young and dynamic team with likeable and committed colleagues who treat each other with a friendly but professional approach 
 Diverse possibilities for your personal development 
 Flexible working hours 
 Table tennis, table football and the  www  -Café 
 Good connection to the public transport system + travel allowance 
 
 [Apply now](mailto:ich_moechte@whatwhenwhy.de?subject=Bewerbung%20Project Manager) 
 Internship Eventmanagement (m/w/d) 
 What do we expect from you? 
 
 You have already completed a number of internships or, ideally, have a university degree in media and communication sciences and/or design or a comparable education 
 You already have experience with MS-Office 
 You are fluent in German and English and have good written and spoken German and English skills 
 
 What is important to us? 
 You want to think outside the box? You want to think big and bring the visions of yourself and your customers to life? You are able to pick up quickly, have the intuitive feeling to see the big picture and enjoy new challenges? You also distinguish yourself by your independent and responsible actions, your social competence and your hands-on mentality. 
 What makes working at what when why® special? 
 
 The exciting environment of a constantly developing event agency 
 The opportunity to gather and take away an incredible amount of experience and knowledge 
 Exciting customers with even more exciting projects 
 Cooperation with a highly motivated and committed team 
 Table tennis, table football and the  www  -café 
 Good connection to the public transport system 
 
 What else do you need to know? 
 The internship is for a minimum period of 3 months. 
 [Apply now](mailto:ich_moechte@whatwhenwhy.de?subject=Bewerbung%20Internship Eventmanagement) 
 © whatwhenwhy 2020 
 Tel. 0711 550425-55 
 [Tel. +49 221–9999 468 1](tel:+49 221–99994681) 
 Tel. +49 89 2500 390 50 
 Phone 0711 550425-55 
 [Phone +49 221–9999 468 1](tel:+49 221–99994681) 
 Phone +49 89 2500 390 50 
 E-Mail info@whatwhenwhy.de 
 
 
 Imprint 
 Privacy 
 Contact 
 
 +49 711 550425-55 
 +49 89 2500 390 50 
 +49 221 – 9999 468 1 
 Contact 
 Please enable JavaScript in your browser to complete this form. 
 Name * 
 E-Mail * 
 Kommentar oder Nachricht * 
 DSGVO-Einverständnis * 
 
 I agree that this website may store the information I have submitted so that my request can be answered. * 
 
 Diese Website benutzt Cookies. Wenn du die Website weiter nutzt, gehen wir von deinem Einverständnis aus.OKThird-Party-Cookies ablehnen Datenschutz 
