[ 
 Work Remotely From Home Forum 
 ](/) 
 Massive List of Work From Home Jobs 
  Work From Home Jobs  
 ad-assessor ,  lionbridge ,  tech-support ,  customer-support ,  writer 
 Mark  January 6, 2021, 4:39am  #1 
 Check out this massive list of work from home jobs from over a hundred different reputable companies that are currently hiring. Call Agents, Virtual Receptionists, Customer Service, Data Entry, Internet Research, and more. 
 Bookkeeper: 
 Accounting Principals  - A staffing agency that hires freelance bookkeepers. Pay and terms vary based on each client and assignment. 
 CyberCoders  - A recruiting and staffing firm for the accounting, engineering, executive, finance, legal, marketing, operational, sales, scientific, and technology industries. The pay and length of each assignment are determined by the hiring client. 
 Robert Half  - A staffing agency that places temporary, contract, and full-time employees in the finance and accounting fields. They hire entry-level, senior-level finance, and accounting professionals. Pay is generally $15-$20 per hour for entry-level positions and $25-$35+ for higher-level positions. 
 Call Agents and Virtual Receptionists: 
 ACD Direct  - Hires at-home agents to make inbound and outbound calls. 
 Alorica  - Offers remote positions for home agents that provide customer service via phone and chat. Pay is based on per minute rate or per call rate. This company offers paid training. 
   Amazon    - Hires virtual customer service agents to handle inbound calls. Amazon offers paid training and provides technical equipment. Pay typically starts at $10.00 per hour. 
   American Express    - Hires work-from-home travel consultants and customer service reps to research, plan, and execute customized travel experiences. American Express offers paid training. 
 Aspire Lifestyles  - Hires home-based concierge personnel to assist companies with responding to customer service queries and client requests for information via phone, email, and chat. 
 Asurion  - Hires remote customer solution representatives and sales reps within the tech niche. According to  Glassdoor.com , pay for customer solution reps is $11.16 per hour. 
 Computer Assistant  - Hires remote technicians to provide tech support for a variety of companies. 
 Concentrix  - Hires home-based call agents to provide customer service support. This company offers paid training, hourly wages, as well as benefits like paid time off, 401k, life insurance, medical, dental, and vision. 
 Enterprise Holdings  - Hires home-based customer service reps, escalation support reps, reservations, and sales reps, as well as bilingual reservation and sales reps. 
 Fancy Hands  - Hires remote workers to complete customer service requests, like making phone calls, scheduling appointments, research, booking travel, and data entry. 
 Hilton  - Hires reservation agents and customer care agents to work remotely. Agents report an hourly rate of $10-$12 per hour. Full-time employees receive benefits like PTO and employee discounts. 
 HSN (Home Shopping Network)  - Hires remote customer service and order specialists. Must have a high school diploma or GED, and required home office equipment. Starting pay is $11.50 per hour. 
   IRC    - Searching for Market Research Caller candidates who can work from their homes. Candidates are paid an hourly rate, $15.00/hour, as an independent contractor, and can work full or part-time. Your pay is NOT commission-based or dependent on the number of results that are developed. Please note that this is a business-to-business telemarketing position using our cloud-based telesales system designed for virtual agents. The position will require cold-calling our targeted lists using your own WINDOWS-based computer, computer headset, and high-speed internet access. After training, the days and number of hours you work are flexible, although you must commit to at least four hours per day during the 5-day working week. 
 NextWave Advocacy  - Contracts with news junkies that are politically aware to make outbound calls to educate citizens and help them participate in contacting their elected officials. No sales or fundraising calls are involved. The pay is $12.00 per hour, with a minimum commitment of 20 hours per week. 
 OMNI Interactions Inc.  – We are building Omni to be your one-stop-platform to find Work From Home gigs supporting brands that are shaping this next iteration of how work works. These leading brands need ambassadors – people who can represent their brands across email, text, phone, chat, and social. Omni is committed to creating communities of Gig Brand Ambassadors (GBA for short) who retain their flexibility being contractors – in business for themselves. If you want the flexibility and freedom to be your own boss, submit your name, and complete our registration process today – once our sourcing team has reviewed your qualifications, our team will reach out with the next steps! 
 Sitel  - Hires work-at-home customer experience, tech support, and customer service professionals. Agents typically earn between $9-$12 per hour, and full-time employees receive benefits and PTO. 
 SYKES  - Hires customer service representatives to answer questions and provide solutions for their clients. Positions come with paid training and benefits for full-time employees. 
 TTEC (Teletech)  - Hires individuals from the US and Canada to provide part-time tech and sales support via phone, chat, and social media. Must be at least 17 years old and have a high school diploma or GED. 
   Uhaul    - Hires work-from-home sales and reservation agents to handle inbound customer calls. 
 Unum  - Hires remote customer service specialists located in Pacific and Mountain time zones. Unum is a Fortune 500 company with the opportunity for growth and career advancement. They offer professional development, a competitive salary, and great benefits. 
   Williams-Sonoma    - Hires customer care agents to provide service and support via phone, email, and chat. 
 Working Solutions  - Hires independent contractor home-agents to provide sales, technical support, and customer service. Home-agents earn anywhere from $8.00 -$20.00 per hour, depending on the program. 
 Zapier  - A fully remote technology company that frequently hires customer support agents in the US and internationally. Zapier offers full-time employees a competitive benefits package. 
 Chat Agent (Non-Phone Jobs): 
   SiteStaff    - Hires work-from-home chat hosts. You must be able to type 65-75+ WPM with perfect punctuation, grammar, and spelling. 
   The Chat Shop    - Hires live chat agents to work remotely. Must be a native English speaker, and able to type 80+ WPM, error-free. 
 Customer Service Jobs: 
 ACD Direct  - ACD Direct has immediate openings for driven, energetic, candidates who have an interest in working with nonprofits. 
 Aira  - We transform lives every day by providing objective visual information that enhances the way blind and low-vision people experience and interact with the world. 
 Airtable  - Airtable is growing and looking for talented individuals to help us on our mission to give everyone the tools they need to organize their world. 
 Alorica  - We’re a company that only does one thing—we make lives better…one interaction at a time. And thanks to Alorica-at-Home, you can help us do that from the comfort of your couch! Working from home gives you the ultimate in work/life flexibility; all while supporting you with the tools and resources you need to deliver  insanely great  customer experiences AND propel your career forward! 
 Amazon  - Sometimes, Amazon has virtual (or “work-from-home”) positions available to qualified individuals who live in some areas. So if you aren’t near a physical Amazon location, or just want to see if there are virtual opportunities in your area, you’re in the right place. 
 American Health Connection  - American Health Connection offers several remote or work from home medical scheduling agents. 
 Answer First  - AnswerFirst Customer Service Professionals handle inbound activities for a multitude of business partners. Job responsibilities include message taking, order taking, opening trouble tickets, scheduling appointments, and notifying our business partners of emergencies. 
 Apple  - Apple At Home Advisor 
 Arise  - Real work from home jobs from such companies as Intuit TurboTax, Carnival, Quickbooks, Dick’s Sporting Goods. 
 ARO  - Debit collection agency located in Canada that hires work from home agents. 
 Asurion  - Hiring remote tech support agents for all kinds of mobile devices and smart home devices. Smartphones, tablets, laptops, TV’s, gaming systems, routers, and home security devices. 
 Book of the Month 
 BoomTown  - BoomTown is looking for a remote, part-time Calling Client Concierge. In this role, you’ll work with other Client Concierges to contact real estate and mortgage leads on behalf of our clients, providing phone & text coverage seven days a week. 
 Broadpath  - Remote healthcare call center, answering questions from members. 
 Cafe Media  - As thought leaders, we’re building the future of digital media. If you’re looking for interesting and engaging challenges, work that makes a difference, and the flexibility to work remotely or in our New York office, then we want to hear from you. 
 CenturyLink (now Lumen)  - Tech Support, Customer Support, Sales, and Project Management. 
 Concentrix  - Sales, Service, and Technical Support Roles - Full Training ● Career Opportunities ● Competitive Salary ● Bonus & Incentives ● Paid Holidays ● Performance-based pay ● Medical Benefits ● Retirement Plans ● Individual and team rewards 
 Conduent  - Call Center, Transaction Processing, Customer Support, and Administration, Information Technology, Accounting Finance, Management, Human Resources, Internal Services, and Security, Professional Services and Project Management, Sales, and Marketing and Communication. 
 Cox Communications  - Cox provides high-speed Internet, streaming TV - both live and on-demand, home telephone, and smart home security solutions for its residential customers. 
 Crowd Ox  - Crowd Ox is pledge manager software that lets Kickstarter and Indiegogo project creators send surveys that increase funding and verify backer orders. 
 Customer Service Review  - Customer Service Review, Inc. (CSR Inc.) focuses on transforming every customer experience into impactful customer interactions. 
 Customer.io  -  Customer.io  strengthens the relationship between subscription businesses and their customers by sending meaningful messages at the time they’re most likely to be engaged. 
 CVS  - CVS Health is an American healthcare company that owns CVS Pharmacy, a retail pharmacy chain; CVS Caremark, a pharmacy benefits manager; Aetna, a health insurance provider, among many other brands. 
 Dialog Direct  - Help brands manage and personalize multi-channel, multi-touch customer journeys using data-driven marketing and customer engagement. 
 Direct Interactions  - Provides work from home jobs for U.S.-based workers, caregivers, military family members, and people with disabilities who are physically unable to commute. 
 Dish  - Dish Network Corporation is an American television provider based in Englewood, Colorado. It is the owner of the direct-broadcast satellite provider Dish, also still commonly known as Dish Network, and the over-the-top IPTV service Sling TV 
 Dyson  - Dyson is all about solving problems that others ignore. And our Contact Centre is no exception. We’re results-focused and dedicated to delivering a world-class service. 
 Ebay  - Our engineers and technologists are working to build more economic opportunities for everyone. Join us as we architect some of the world’s most complex, highly scalable systems to connect buyers and sellers across the globe. We call it engineering with purpose. 
 Frontline Group  - At  Frontline Group  we’re helping passionate leaders to innovate as a call center consulting resource for outsourced tech support. 
 Get Thru  - GetThru, formerly Relay, is an American company that provides a peer-to-peer political text messaging platform. 
 Gloo  - Gloo is the trusted personal growth platform that enables organizations to thrive so that they can help people and communities flourish. 
 Harte Hanks  - Harte Hanks is an American marketing services company headquartered in Austin, Texas. It is a marketing services firm specializing in multi-channel marketing solutions. 
 Heifer International  - Heifer International is a global nonprofit working to eradicate poverty and hunger through sustainable, values-based holistic community development. 
 HSN  - HSN, an initialism of its former name Home Shopping Network, is an American free-to-air television network owned by the Qurate Retail Group, which also owns catalog company Cornerstone Brands. 
 HubSpot  - HubSpot is an American developer and marketer of software products for inbound marketing, sales, and customer service. 
 Kelly Services  - Kelly Services, Inc. is an American office staffing company that operates globally. The company places employees at all levels in various sectors including financial services, information technology, and law. 
 Kindred Healthcare  - Kindred Healthcare is a post-acute healthcare services company that operates long-term acute-care hospitals and provides rehabilitation services across the United States. Kindred’s headquarters and support center are located in Louisville, Kentucky. 
 Lawnstarter  - LawnStarter creates a directory of lawn-care companies in an area. Homeowners can search the site, get a quote, and place an order. LawnStarter users also can manage their accounts, pay their bills, and order special services through the website or an app. 
 Lively  - An estimated 48 million Americans suffer from hearing loss and only 10-15% have treated it – enter Lively. We’re on a mission to empower people to hear better through more affordable, accessible, and delightful hearing care. 
 LiveOps  - Liveops is a cloud call center company based in Scottsdale, Arizona. Liveops provides U.S.-based agent services for insurance, health and human services, and retail customers. 
 Majorel  - Majorel is an international service company, specializing in customer experience and business process outsourcing and more than 50,000 employees. 
 Mass Markets  - Mass Markets is a leading business process outsourcing provider of inbound and outbound call center services. Named to the Inc. 5000 list of fasted growing companies 9x, the company provides Inbound Customer Service, Outbound Telesales, Chat, Back-Office, Cloud Contact Center Software, Programming and Integration Services, and digital customer relationship management support to businesses outsourcing B2B, B2C, and digital customer experience solutions 
 Micahtek  - Phone agents answer inbound, scripted calls to process product orders, donations, prayer calls, and special events through data entry directly into the computer systems. Our promise is to “Deliver a Perfect Call Every Time.” 
 NexRep  - Outsourced contact center services leveraging a highly-skilled, dedicated, certified, flexible, US-based agent network. 
 Next Level Solutions 
 Omni Interactions 
 ONBRAND 24 
 OneSupport 
 Pink Callers 
 Progressive 
 Public Storage 
 Raisley 
 Randstad USA 
 Sedgwick 
 Service 800 
 Simple Texting 
 Sitel 
 slingshot 
 Solugenix 
 StarTek 
 Sutherland 
 Sykes 
 Transcom 
 TTEC 
 Verafast 
 Verizon 
 VIPdesk Connect 
 Walgreens 
 Wayfair 
 Whoop 
 Williams-Sonoma 
 Working Solutions 
 Xact Telesolutions 
 Data Entry Jobs (Non-Phone Jobs): 
 Freelancer  gives you a variety of typing jobs, but many are low-paying. If you’re new though and only need some extra cash and experience, these are low-entry typing jobs that are easy to pick up. 
 Symbria  occasionally hires data entry clerks to input prescription information. Search for the positions “pharmacy technician specialist” or “prescription entry clerk.” 
 Westat  is a market research firm that hires part-time and full-time telephone and field data collectors. Data collectors report earning $9-$15 per hour. 
   Xerox    hires for a wide range of work-from-home positions, including customer care, tech support, and data entry and verification. You can find their virtual positions by selecting “YES” under the virtual office filter. 
 Zeitcaster  hires part-time data entry clerks to input time and location data, as well as categorize each event. Pay is around $15 per hour. 
 Internet Research Positions (Non-Phone Jobs): 
   Appen    Leapforce was bought by Aspen and now hires at-home agents for search engine evaluator jobs in various languages. This position is open to the US and International residents alike. The average pay is $14 an hour. 
 iSoftStone  hires independent contractors to evaluate search engine results to see if they are relevant to the term that was typed in. The average pay is $12 per hour. 
 Wonder  hires internet researchers to investigate a wide variety of topics to explain market trends, determine competitive landscapes, gather statistics, and various other tasks. Pay is per project and averages $10-$15 per hour. 
 Medical Coder (Non-Phone Jobs): 
 Aviacode  - Are you interested in joining one of the nation’s leading providers of medical coding services that are experiencing impressive year-over-year growth? Aviacode is nationally recognized as one of the top medical coding companies in KLAS and Black Book Market Research surveys. 
 1 Like 
  Welcome to Work Remotely From Home Forum  
  Hello Everyone, I am new here!  
  Work-From-Home Technical Support - Liveops  
 Mark  pinned globally  September 9, 2020, 11:13pm  #2 
 Mark  closed  September 11, 2020, 8:29pm  #5 
 Mark  made this a banner . It will appear at the top of every page until it is dismissed by the user.  September 21, 2020, 2:01am  #6 
 Mark  removed this banner . It will no longer appear at the top of every page.  September 21, 2020, 2:02am  #7 
 Mark  pinned globally  September 21, 2020, 2:03am  #9 
 
 Home  
 Categories  
 FAQ/Guidelines  
 Terms of Service  
 Privacy Policy  
 
 Powered by  Discourse , best viewed with JavaScript enabled 
