Skip to content 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Hospital Website 
 Hospital Services 
 Patients and Visitors 
 Contact Us 
 
 August 3, 2020June 8, 2020   sjgmh   Murdoch ,  Research 
 Murdoch’s Junior Medical Officers learning on the job 
 With a state-of-the-art medical training facility and a focus on wellbeing and professional development, Murdoch Hospital is a workplace of choice for upcoming doctors. 
 Murdoch offers junior medical doctors, otherwise known as JMO’s, a place to start and expand their careers across a range of fields. 
 Deputy Director of Medical Services Dr Emily Kuzich said our reputation for excellence in clinical care and first class tertiary level services made Murdoch a hospital of choice for medical professionals. 
 “What sets Murdoch apart is our high tech simulation and learning centre and our tailored career support,” she said. 
 “We seek to support each and every individual junior doctor’s wellbeing, professional development, and career progression. 
 “At Murdoch we are very fortunate to have an incredible cohort of doctors who are not only hardworking, but also compassionate, caring individuals. 
 “Our partnerships with other SJOG sites means we can offer experience ranging from emergency, surgery, and medicine, through to obstetrics, oncology and palliative care.” 
 Junior doctors also have a chance to gain experience in general and respiratory medicine, as well as coronary care, general surgery, gynaecology and geriatrics through rotations in these areas. 
 Dr Kuzich said junior doctors are supported with professional development and one-on-one direct consultant supervision. They receive weekly tutorials and also have access to a brand new JMO lounge to unwind. 
 “We aim to create a positive work environment for our doctors and we have a strong focus on culture here,” Dr Kuzich said. 
 “We also provide rostering for a comfortable work-life balance to ensure our doctors are well-rested and best able to care for our patients.” 
 
 The acronym stands for Murdoch Training and Education Centre and MURTEC is part of our ongoing delivery of quality care to the patients of Perth’s southern region. The centre is located at St John of God Murdoch Hospital.Each year, hundreds of our nursing and medical caregivers undergo clinical competency training from our in-house Learning and Development team to keep their skills fresh and consistent with best practice techniques. 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Tagged  juniors doctors 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Post navigation 
 Can gardens help patients heal faster? 
 How can you help a newly diagnosed cancer patient? 
 ABOUT INSIDE HEALTH 
 Inside health is an official magazine of St John of God Murdoch Hospital. 
 For more information about hospital services, please visit  www.sjog.org.au/murdoch 
 Search for: 
 Categories 
 
 Cancer 
 Cholesterol 
 Community health 
 emergency department 
 exercise 
 Falls 
 Health tips 
 healthy eating 
 Hospital services 
 maternity 
 Mental health 
 Murdoch 
 pain management 
 pastoral services 
 Pathology 
 Procedures 
 rehabilitation 
 Research 
 Sleep 
 Stress management 
 Surgery 
 Uncategorized 
 Women's health 
 
 FIND US ON FACEBOOK 
 
 FIND US ON FACEBOOK 
 
 Website Built with WordPress.com . 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 %d bloggers like this: 
