Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Employee Health Nurse 
 Joseph Brant Hospital 
 __Burlington, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Posting #:  200989 
 Position Available:  Employee Health Nurse 
 Status:  Temporary Part-Time until March 31, 2021 
 Union:  Non-Union 
 Shifts:  DAYS (Monday-Friday. Hours flexible to operational needs). 
 ABOUT JOSEPH BRANT HOSPITAL: 
Joseph Brant Hospital (JBH) is a full-service community teaching hospital located in the growing and thriving community of Burlington, Ontario, serving more than 185,000 residents in Halton, Hamilton, Waterdown, Flamborough, Milton and Stoney Creek. It is honoured to be recognized as one of Hamilton Niagara's Top Employers for five (5) consecutive years, with a skilled staff of 194 physicians, 1,911 full- and part-time staff and more than 700 volunteers. 
 JBH is a Clinical Education site in conjunction with McMaster University, and designated as an Academic Community Teaching Hospital. Its expanded campus includes the state-of-the-art Michael Lee-Chin & Family Patient Tower, featuring a new Emergency Department, 172 acute inpatient beds, 9 new Operating Rooms and post-anaesthetic care unit to support expanded medical, surgical and outpatient services. JBH is also a partner member of the Burlington Ontario Health Team (OHT). JBH inspires and empowers a culture of caring and this is demonstrated in many ways including our commitment to the health, safety and wellbeing of our people. For more information, visit www.josephbranthospital.ca. 
 Our Employee Health, Safety, Wellness Department is seeking Employee Health Nurses as we continue to support our health care heroes as the Province continues its fight against the global pandemic supported with compassionate care and exemplary service every time. JBH inspires and empowers a culture of caring and this is demonstrated in many ways including our commitment to the health, safety and wellbeing of our people. 
 POSITION SUMMARY: 
Reporting to the Sr. Manager, Labour Relations & Employee Health Services the Occupational Health Nurse (OHN) is a valued team member supporting our commitment to provide a safe and healthy workplace for our people. 
 As a member of the Employee Heath, Safety and Wellness Team you will be supporting the oversight, delivery and services offered to our employees in alignment with our CARE (Compassion. Accountably. Respect. Excellence.) values. 
 RESPONSIBILITIES: 
 
 Provides primary care and assessments for Employee and non-Employee injuries and illness 
 Conduct pre-placement health assessments 
 Provide immunological services including TB testing and reading to support medical surveillance programs; as required 
 Assist in providing case management of short term disability (STD), long term disability (LTD), Workplace Safety and Insurance Board (WSIB) claims 
 In consultation with the team, provide support to Managers on attendance related challenges related to medical conditions 
 Promote on site healthy workplace promotion and education activities 
 Assist, advise and support the abilities team in formulating modified work/accommodation plans 
 In consultation with the team, identify, manage and respond to public health notices in partnership with IPAC, as required 
 Accurately maintains documentation of employee health files to ensure currency and validity of information 
 
 QUALIFICATIONS: 
 
 Current Certificate of Registration, in good standing, with the College of Nurses of Ontario 
 BScN preferred 
 Certification in Occupational Health nursing, COHN(C) or certificate/diploma in OHS nursing. Applicants actively engaged in the certification process with some courses completed will be considered 
 Membership with the OOHNA preferred 
 3 to 5 years of Employee health experience preferred 
 Recent experience with COVID-19 pandemic infection control, illness triage and testing guidelines are an asset required 
 Demonstrated health assessment skills and relevant knowledge to the Public Hospitals Act, and Communicable Disease Surveillance Protocols 
 Knowledge of relevant and current legislation including: OHSA, WSIA, OHRC required 
 Knowledge of health and safety procedures, as well as Employee wellness programs 
 Ability to handle work with sensitive issues and protect confidentiality of medical information 
 Sound judgment in the application of nursing and safety principles 
 Strong communication skills with the ability to establish positive working relationships with internal/external partners 
 Excellent organizational and time management skills are key to support your work in a fast paces health care, multi-union environment 
 Proficient in MS Office required, working knowledge of Parklane an asset 
 Regular attendance is required 
 
 To be considered for this exciting opportunity please visit the JBH Careers page to apply to posting #200805. We ask that you please include the posting number in the subject line of any email correspondence. No phone calls please. We thank all applicants and only those selected for interview will be contacted. 
 Any information obtained during the recruitment process will be used for employment recruitment only, and not for any other purpose. 
 JBH is committed to and supports practices that are inclusive. HR will accommodate any needs under the Ontario Human Right Code (OHRC) and the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA). Recruitment processes will be modified to remove barriers to accommodate those with disabilities, if requested. 
 Should you require accommodation through the application and/or recruitment process, please contact HR for assistance at careers@josephbranthospital.ca or at Ext. 4129 to allow opportunity for appropriate accommodations to be made. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
