Nature and Wildlife Pics 
 Photos of Birds, Bugs, and Buds 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About This Blog 
 
 Translation 
 
 
 Birds 
 Buds 
 Bugs 
 Photography Tips 
 
 <- Off to Iroquois National Wildlife Refuge, NY 
 Great Egrets Always Have Somewhere Else to Be -> 
 The Little Brown Jobs 
 Posted on  April 13, 2015  by  donna213 
 
 I just got done talking about how the birds in my garden no longer perk my interest other than keeping them well fed. It got me thinking that many of those birds are taken for granted and not given the respect they might deserve. Imagine a birder not knowing or caring of your name calling you a Little Brown Job. How insulting if you are a sparrow, finch or wren when they use it so dismissively. Just one of the "wish you were something better" crowd. 
 
 The birds (and birders) are out there in the rain, sleet, snow, dry hot summers, all that nature throws their way. The birders prefer not to spend their time in crappy weather to identify small, plain birds that they have likely seen countless times before. Rodney Dangerfield would say "The birds get no respect," and he would be right. 
 
 Besides sparrows, the finches are a common backyard bird, living and breeding beyond my back door. I admit like the birders, I pine for something rarely seen, but these little birds have cute personalities too. 
 Maybe not as flashy or impressive, maybe never have a sports team named in their honor like their bigger relatives, and just maybe overlooked more times than not, they are a faithful bunch. They never miss a feeding and are quick to let me know when the feeder is empty. 
 
 One rainy evening I was watching them getting the last seed of the evening before hitting the shrubs for the night. It was getting dark, yet there they sat in the rain. Not me, I am not that dedicated a birder to get a cold evening shower for a photo. 
 
 But it did get me thinking that birders refer to these finches as Little Brown Jobs. 
 
 If I was one of these common little birds, I would take up a protest. At least the Sparrows got stuff cooking. The High Sparrows are a pretty important bunch, I hear, plus World Sparrow Day just passed. 
 
 Now if only the finches and wrens get organized. 
 
 Share this: 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 Pocket 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 
 More 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  Birds ,  Nature ,  Photography ,  Photos ,  wildlife  and tagged  Goldfinch ,  House Finch in the rain ,  House Finch photos . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 <- Off to Iroquois National Wildlife Refuge, NY 
 Great Egrets Always Have Somewhere Else to Be -> 
 12 Responses to  The Little Brown  Jobs 
 
 Connie Oswald Stofko  says: 
 
  April 13, 2015 at 8:14 am 
 Ha ha! That is so true. I often think that I know more about animals in Africa from watching documentaries than I do about the animals in my own backyard. I feel bad because I can't distinguish one from the other. I'm not a birder, but I feel I should know what they are and not call them all sparrows. 
 Reply 
 
 aussiebirder  says: 
 
  April 13, 2015 at 8:29 am 
 I would not refer to all of those birds you displayed as LBJs, but what you say is so true. One of the problems I find is that most baby birds are brown, for protective cover till they adorn their adult plumage, so they can easily be mistaken for a common bird. I have since identified several birds as immature birds of quite beautiful adult plumage, but in their immature or juvenile plumage look very unimpressive. It is true what you say Donna that the LBJs often are passed by as common. It is interesting when I went looking for good photos of our local eastern magpie the other day, and our House Sparrow that I did not have many good photos, yet I had photos of the Western and White backed variety which live in other states. So it has made me aware of the need to enjoy and appreciate our local common birds. Visiting birders, especially from USA and Britain get quite excited when they see our common birds, such as the Rainbow Lorikeet and Sulphur Crested Cockatoo, yet we can easily take them for granted because we see and hear them all the time. You have raised a valid point. 
 Reply 
 
 Sue Link The Northern New York Gardener  says: 
 
  April 13, 2015 at 1:20 pm 
 Your photos of the finches are beautiful. I first got interested in birds when I found out that swallows eat thousands of mosquitoes everyday and I wanted to attract them. And most birds, no matter how common they are, are beneficial to our environments. But you are right, it is still the unusual (and colorful) birds that attract the viewers. 
 Reply 
 
 thetransmutationalgardener  says: 
 
  April 13, 2015 at 4:07 pm 
 Beautiful photos. I wonder if the birds have the same thoughts about people? 
 Reply 
 
 Emily Scott  says: 
 
  April 13, 2015 at 4:12 pm 
 I think sometimes the phrase is meant affectionately too, at least in Britain. I find the little birds charming and feel I have to stick up for them as I am the 'little brown job' of the human world! 
 Reply 
 
 David says: 
 
  April 13, 2015 at 4:47 pm 
 I'm a fan of house finch finches and goldfinches too, However I have a bit of a problem with male goldfinches sometimes because when viewed from certain angles it looks as though they are wearing a bad toupee. 
 Reply 
 
 gardeninacity  says: 
 
  April 13, 2015 at 8:14 pm 
 A bird doesn't have to be big and bold to make me interested. I enjoy the goldfinches, house finches, purple finches, juncos, white-throated sparrows, white-crowned sparrows, etc., etc. The only bird that can make me unhappy is the House Sparrow, and that only because there are so dang many of them. 
 Reply 
 
 My Heartsong  says: 
 
  April 13, 2015 at 10:49 pm 
 Ilike the collection of photos you have here. Whenever I take a bird for granted, I remind myself how lonely it would be without them. 
 Reply 
 
 Annie  says: 
 
  April 14, 2015 at 12:24 am 
 Love these little birds. We get a lot of goldfinches on the feeders at this time of year. It's a lot of fun to watch as they transform from drab into their vibrant breeding plumage. 
 Reply 
 
 alesiablogs  says: 
 
  April 15, 2015 at 12:57 pm 
 This post was really fun to read. It reminded me of my mom telling her sister the names of birds from German to English. She called them by their color. My aunt finally caught on my mom was clueless about their real names! It was pretty funny! 
 Reply 
 
 Donna@GardensEyeView  says: 
 
  April 21, 2015 at 7:54 am 
 I actually love the little brown jobs….they serenade me with such beautiful songs…and they build the cutest little nests in my shrubs. 
 Reply 
 
 Angie says: 
 
  May 25, 2018 at 12:56 pm 
 I love all the birds. Sure it's fun to see "more exotic" or less common birds, but I love watching the antics of birds I see everyday. 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply to thetransmutationalgardener  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Donna on the Road 
 
 
 
 Hey all! 
 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 666 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
 
 
 
 April 2015 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 
 
 
 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 11 
 12 
 
 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 18 
 19 
 
 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 25 
 26 
 
 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 « Mar   May » 
 
 
 Cannot load blog information at this time. 
 
 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
   
 
 
 
 American Bald Eagles - Don't Go to Jail For One 
 * [ ](https://natureandwildlifepics.wordpress.com/2017/03/25/tundra-swans-ready-to-fly-to-the-next-staging-spot/ "Tundra Swans Ready to Fly to the Next Staging Spot")
 
 Tundra Swans Ready to Fly to the Next Staging Spot 
 * [ ](https://natureandwildlifepics.wordpress.com/2016/12/29/create-a-backyard-bird-photo-studio/ "Create A Backyard Bird Photo Studio")
 
 Create A Backyard Bird Photo Studio 
 * [ ](https://natureandwildlifepics.wordpress.com/2017/01/03/photographing-a-black-bird-on-white-snow/ "Photographing a Black Bird on White Snow")
 
 Photographing a Black Bird on White Snow 
 * [ ](https://natureandwildlifepics.wordpress.com/2015/03/08/how-do-eagles-eat-when-the-lakes-are-covered-in-ice/ "How Do Eagles Eat When the Lakes are Covered in Ice?")
 
 How Do Eagles Eat When the Lakes are Covered in Ice? 
 * [ ](https://natureandwildlifepics.wordpress.com/2017/02/21/cruising-around-ontario-canada-looking-for-snowy-owls/ "Cruising Around Ontario, Canada Looking for Snowy Owls")
 
 Cruising Around Ontario, Canada Looking for Snowy Owls 
 * [ ](https://natureandwildlifepics.wordpress.com/2015/01/08/lessons-of-nature-things-we-cant-control/ "Lessons of Nature - Things We Can't Control")
 
 Lessons of Nature - Things We Can't Control 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Killing the Babies is Cruel 
 Great Horned Owlets in the Nest 
 Birds Today, Spring is Finally Here 
 Familiarity Begets Boredom, or Does it Really? 
 Tundra Swans Ready to Fly to the Next Staging Spot 
 
 
 
 Pages 
 
 About This Blog 
 
 Translation 
 
 
 Birds 
 Buds 
 Bugs 
 Photography Tips 
 
 
 
 Don't Steal Images PLEASE! 
 
 
 
This work is licensed under a  Creative Commons Attribution-NonCommercial 4.0 International License . 
  Nature and Wildlife Pics  
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
