Skip to content 
   
 Career on Purpose 
 Give yourself permission to do the work that makes you come alive 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Blog 
 
 Career Transition at 40+ 
 lynngeorgespeaks   career transition  August 31, 2020August 31, 2020 5 Minutes 
 If you find yourself out of work after a long stint on the job and now having to job search, you will quickly find out that the job search market has changed tremendously. 
 Gone are the days that you sit in front of the computer to submit applications waiting and hoping for a call for an interview. The job search today requires much more effort and you being proactive. 
 Here’s what to consider if you are 40 and over pivoting your career into a different industry. 
 Identify What You Want 
 As basic as it sounds, it is worth stating that knowing what you want is important to your success in your job search. When you know and understand exactly what you want in your job search, you are able to effectively target your job search. 
 Targeting your job search helps in: 
 1. Researching of companies you want to work for 
 2. Knowing people you need to connect with and build relationships with to learn more about where you are desiring to go. 
 3. Reviewing and researching job descriptions for what employers want for the role you are hoping to become employed. 
 Update Your Resume 
 I am still surprised when I meet clients who have not updated their resume. The most recent was meeting a client who had been laid off from her job of 28 years. It does not matter that you have longevity in your job, keeping highlights of your work is necessary. When you highlight your work, keep in mind information that tells a story. 
 1.  Document the job/task/project identifying the WHAT and the GOAL. 
 2.  Keep track of WHO you worked or collaborated with to get the work completed. 
 3.  Jot details down about HOW you accomplished the goal/job/task/project. 
 4.  Record the results of the job/task/project.  For example, if you are an administrative assistant who supports executive team members. Your results for your daily tasks could be the # of phone lines you answer on a daily basis, the # of directors you support, travel plans you coordinate (indicate global or domestic), technologies used, special projects you assist with, nominations and awards you receive and any promotions. 
 When keeping track of your highlights in your job, remember task+results 
 Communicate Your Transferable Skills 
 Now that you have updated your resume, it’s time to parse out your transferable skills so that you can communicate your value. 
 You maybe wondering what are transferable skills? I’m going to tell you. Transferable skills are skills that transfer from one job or industry to the next. For example, typing skills, communication skills, some technology skills are transferable like using Microsoft Office Suite. 
 Another example or a more occupational example is an attorney turned realtor who prides herself on global contacts she’s made from her attorney work. She now utilizes these contacts to match them with potential real estate invest emend listings that she thinks they will find as a business opportunity. 
 Determine what your transferable skills are and how you utilize them to bring value to your next job. 
 Linkedin Profile 
 Maybe it’s because I have been in the career development world for quite some time but it also surprise me to learn when people are not using LinkedIn. If you do not have a Linkedin Profile, then you need to pause reading this at this point to go at least start with creating your profile on LinkedIn. 
 Like Google, Linkedin is a search engine and it is underutilized by many professionals, unless it’s time to start looking for work. Linkedin is more than just about looking for work. It is where professionals and like mind people go to meet and connect to get things done! In many cases, long-term friendships are formed as well as accountability partners are found. Linkedin is the gold you want to uncover for your next job or business opportunity. 
 Connecting and Building Relationships 
 Listen, I understand at 40 something, you are not trying to make new friends but what I’m telling you is to be open to the idea of connecting with people by being genuinely interested in some aspect of them. 
 Networking is frowned upon because it can feel disingenuous and transactional but it doesn’t have to be if you are yourself. If you resolve to only knowing “us four and no more” than you will find yourself stuck. People is what makes the world goes around. So, how to connect with people so that it doesn’t feel fake? We are more very much the same in many ways than we are different. Be intentional about finding what connects with you. 
 What I have shared with my transition clients is to review someone’s Linkedin profile in the industry you are wanting to go into next or doing what you want to review their background and how they got into that work. 
 For example, if you have a retail background and are looking to transition to the technology space, review profiles with backgrounds with similar experience then reach out to that person indicating the finding in your messaging then invite them out for coffee to learn more about their interesting process. 
 Here’s an example outreach email: 
 Dear Sandy, 
 I recently came across your profile on Linkedin when reading about Career Tech Space. Your story from retail manager to developer is remarkable; congratulations on your success! 
 I’ve also taken steps to take a similar path. I’d really love the chance to talk with you about your career path, how you transitioned careers. I’m always looking to grow my network and learn from successful individuals. 
 I’m based in Houston as well and would be available for a call, skype or meeting depending on what you prefer. Any free time you have I can accommodate. 
 Thanks for your time. I look forward to your reply. 
 Best, 
 Tom 
 Most of the time, after this message, my clients may have a question about when to follow-up if there are no reply. My general rule of thumb is follow-up within 7 days if there is no reply. 
 By now, you may have realized that career transition is different from a traditional job search. A traditional job search is mindless because you are looking for the same job somewhere else. A career pivot requires a different focus such as building relationships and becoming intentional on connecting with like mind people. 
 Additionally, it requires you to be more visible on social media platform like Linkedin to connect with your network that could help you along the way. 
 As a Career Transition Coach, my mission is to help you navigate all the elements of job searching for your new found career without the overwhelm. 
 You can send me a private message if you would like to connect with me on LinkedIn and mention this article 😀 
 Share this: 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 
 Tagged 
 career transition at 40 and over 
 
 Published by lynngeorgespeaks 
 Lynn George Consulting is a motivational speaker whose business offers coaching, training, and consulting services. Lynn George, M.ED, PHR, SHRM-CP, CMCS is a professional coach, confident speaker, and a natural facilitator gifted in helping you create strategies for success in order to manifest the life you want personally and professionally. She currently works with women in transition to clarify career and personal goals toward independence, dismantle limiting beliefs, and develop action plans towards responsibility in order to become the best versions of themselves. She has a passion to help women become what they have always believed about themselves. She is on a mission to inspire and motivate women to live what is in their hearts out loud and maximize their potential to become the best version of themselves and fulfill their God-given purpose. For the past 15 years, Lynn has worked as an Educator and a Workforce Development Professional training thousands of people, ages 18-60, on employ-ability skills and career development. When it comes to the work necessary for change, Lynn George uses the same tough tough love approach with her children also with her clients . She is effective at challenging you out of your comfort zone and holding you accountable in order to reach your destiny. She has been referred to by her family as "the principal" and the "boot camp mom" and by her former clients, "sergeant". Lynn George is the consummate learner committed to excellence with a desire to see her clients personal growth in their business, professional careers, and life. As your coach, you will receive a professional that is committed to your success and passionate about you becoming the best YOU! Our mission: Lynn George Consulting offers individuals and businesses effective coaching in the discipline of self-confidence, personal power, and leadership development. Its mission is to empower men and women with tools to increase in confidence, unlock their potential to live their best life and live it out loud, work purposeful careers, and pursue their destiny.   View all posts by lynngeorgespeaks  
 Published  August 31, 2020August 31, 2020 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Post 10 Common Career Transition Mistakes to Avoid 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Lynn George Consulting 
 
 Lynn George Consulting 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 8 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Unlocking Your Potential 
 
   lynngeorgespeaks 
 
 Career Transition at 40+ 
 10 Common Career Transition Mistakes to Avoid 
 Stretching 
 Career Alignment 
 Discover the Path To Your Purpose 
 Purposeful Living 
 Dare Yourself to Success 
 Overcoming Fear to Walk in Your Power 
 How do you show up? 
 The dream is free! 
 
 
 
  Create a website or blog at WordPress.com  
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
