Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Senior Deskside Support Technician 
 Trillium Health Partners 
 __Mississauga, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description: 
 Position:  Senior Deskside Support Technician - Full Time 
 File:  2020-19097 
 Status:  Permanent Full Time 
 Dept:  Information Services 
 Posted:  November 20, 2020 
 Internal Deadline:  November 27, 2020 
 Position:  Senior Deskside Technician - Deskside Site Support 
 Working as part of a dynamic team to support and facilitate daily IT operations within the Deskside team in the IT Customer Support department. The role of the Senior Deskside Technician - Deskside Site Support is a customer service focused position responsible for day to day IT operational user support at a senior level including departmental sweeps, break / fix, and MAC. In addition, you will support daily operations by aligning staff within the Deskside Support team to meet daily operations demands and promote team work to encourage the achievement of goals of the department. 
 REPORTING RELATIONSHIPS 
 This position reports to the Manager, IT Customer Support 
 JOB DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES 
 Working collaboratively with staff, your job duties and responsibilities will include but are not limited to: 
 Works with customers and support staff to evaluate and solve advanced technical issues and problems. 
Provides timely resolution for escalated service tickets within the department 
Document issues and troubleshooting steps in Incident Management system and knowledge base 
Aligns staff within the Deskside Support team to meet daily operations demands 
Provide support at all THP sites. Travel between sites will be required. 
Act as a functional escalation point for complex issues and problems. 
Oversees Department Sweeps, Break / Fix and MAC processes for delivery of services. 
As a subject matter expert, coordinate technical requirements and deliverables with project and/or operational teams; estimates effort to complete deliverables 
Provide metrics and reports. 
Assist the IT Customer Support Manager with investigation, analysis of statistics and reports; looking for trends and problem areas to improve the level of service the team delivers 
Produces and provides cross training & documentation 
Provide knowledge transfer and mentoring to staff 
Keep abreast of technology changes and trends; evaluate current programs, processes and practices to recommend solutions that improve business processes, service solutions and best practices. 
Must be a leader in technology and consistently look for new and improved ways to execute solutions. Must have a willingness to share technical knowledge and work with others to provide enhanced delivery solutions for our customers and our business. 
Provide support at all THP sites. Travel between sites may be required. 
Participate in on-call rotation with other Senior Deskside technicians to assist with after-hours and weekend issues 
Other duties as assigned. 
 Competencies 
 Takes ownership, accountability, and responsibility for his/her actions 
Demonstrates an ability to accept change and manage change effectively 
Seeks new experiences to develop his/her capabilities 
Accepts responsibility for one's own performance 
Demonstrates a pattern of self-development and a drive to learn by engaging in formal and informal learning to develop knowledge and technical skills 
Shows a genuine willingness to help others and to share his/her knowledge and experience 
Demonstrates integrity, humility, maturity, empathy, and a positive attitude 
Works collaboratively with others to meet goals 
Helps to improve the skills and capabilities of others and fosters their long-term learning and development through coaching and mentoring 
Speaks and writes clearly, concisely, and with impact 
Takes pride in his/her work, balancing quality, capacity and risk 
Demonstrates critical thinking skills 
Seeks additional help, opinions, and knowledge (e.g., best practices) from external sources and thought partners 
Seeks out, considers, and integrates the appropriate data, ideas, and experiences to make decisions and solve problems 
Translates ideas and concepts into practical applications 
Listens, empathizes, and demonstrates compassion when supporting clients 
 Working Environment 
 Working within a multi-site organization; this role is part of a team providing service to the organization on a 24x7x365 schedule. The successful candidates may be required to work shifts outside of regular business hours. Work locations can verify between all Trillium Health Partners locations. 
 Qualifications 
 Bachelor degree or diploma in Computer Science/Information Technology or related field. 
A minimum of 5+ years of experience in a Trillium desktop support role or equivalent technical role. 
Advanced Windows 10 experience required 
ITIL Foundations certification preferred 
CompTIA A+ certification preferred 
Microsoft MCSA preferred 
Microsoft MCSE preferred 
Enterprise device and application experience required 
Direct hospital or healthcare experience required 
 Skills and Abilities 
 Proven track record of success coupled with proven knowledge of industry best practice for IT Desktop Support and Service Delivery 
Strong analytical skills for troubleshooting incidents and performing root cause analysis 
Strong customer computing experience e.g. desktops, laptops, printers, mobile devices (iPhone, Android, etc.), multifunction devices, desktop phones, voicemail 
Solid skills in supporting common end user applications including Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Office, Internet Explorer, Outlook etc. 
Hands on and in-depth knowledge of Active Directory with working knowledge of Group Policy Objects 
 Experience with McAfee products:  ePO, AV, Full-disk Encryption, DLP and policy management 
Experience with SCCM and Dell KACE Endpoint Systems Management and Deployment Products 
Experience with remote assistance tools and technologies such as Bomgar 
Experience with mobile device tools and technologies such as Mobile Iron, and Microsoft Exchange 
Knowledge of networking technologies such as VNP, TCP/IP, and wireless 
Experience in Scripting, Powershell, VBScripting 
Experience with IT Service Management tools such as HEAT 
Works well under pressure and time constraints and can prioritize competing priorities appropriately; 
Strong verbal and written communications; must be able to communicate with individuals with all levels of technical and non-technical skills 
 Internal Candidates who believe they possess the necessary qualifications and experience for this position and who have been in their current position for at least six (6) months are encouraged to apply. 
 To pursue this career opportunity, please visit our website:  www.trilliumhealthpartners.ca 
 Trillium Health Partners is an equal opportunity employer committed to fostering a healthy and positive work environment. 
 In accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005 and the Ontario Human Rights Code Trillium Health Partners will provide accommodations throughout the recruitment and selection process to applicants with disabilities. If selected to participate in the recruitment and selection process, please inform Human Resources of the nature of any accommodation(s) that you may require in respect of any materials or processes used to ensure your equal participation. 
 All personal information is collected under the authority of the Freedom of Information and Protection of Privacy Act. 
 Trillium Health Partners is identified under the French Language Services Act. 
 We thank all those who apply but only those selected for further consideration will be contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
