Skip to content 
  Shana Robinson  
 Wellness A-to-Z 
 Menu 
 
 About 
 
 Let’s Work Together 
 Testimonials 
 
 
 Media 
 Wellness A – Z 
 
 Health and Wellness 
 
 Kitchen Skills 
 Traditional Chinese Medicine 
 
 
 Recipes 
 
 Breakfast 
 Dessert 
 Dressings and Sauces 
 Ingredients 
 Side Dishes 
 Snacks 
 
 
 Professional Wellness 
 
 
 
 Mindset ,  Professional Wellness 
 Job Search Tips to Keep Your Stress and Anxiety Low 
 Posted by  Shana Robinson  on  March 30, 2020September 5, 2020 
 Wanna stay healthy and stress less in a job search? 
 Searching for a job, even in the best of times, can be fraught with anxiety. As many are gearing up for a job search, it’s imperative to take steps to care for yourself to lessen anxiety and stress to stay healthy to nail those interviews. 
 Anxiety and stress wreak havoc on physical and mental health. Inflammation occurs, gut health is impaired and the adrenals work overtime which leads to brain fog, fatigue, muscle weakness, weight gain, depression and anxiety. The adrenals produce cortisol, which regulates energy, blood sugar and stress response (aka fight or flight). They also produce adrenaline (get it… adrenal-ine), which is created in times of stress and produces that step-on-the-gas rush which increases blood pressure. This also wreaks havoc on thyroid and hormones. Essentially, you’re stuck in a vicious cycle. Getting to that place is easy, course correcting is difficult. 
 
 
 Treat your job search like a job- Get dressed, make your bed, stay organized 
 Create a schedule- Routine is helpful to keep a sense of normalcy and stay grounded. It helps to stay busy and focused. You’re likely to get more done and less likely to get depressed 
 Don’t forget to unplug- Take time off to recharge. Just like a phone battery runs down, so do we 
 Eat a healthy diet- Food is medicine. Eating whole, nutrient dense foods is imperative. What you eat impacts your gut, your brain and your mood. You don’t need to be a Michelin- star chef to feed yourself well 
 Exercise and Meditate- Movement and breath is key. Keep your blood and breath flowing to help reduce blood pressure and stress 
 Network- Don’t be shy about reaching out & asking for help. Leverage LinkedIn, even those 2nd & 3rd degree connections. Job searching is more than blindly sending out resumes 
 Don’t blindly send out 50 resumes a day- How you do anything is how you do everything. I’m a fan of casting the net wide, but frantically and blindly sending out resumes won’t get the results you want. Set an intention and focus on jobs of interest 
 Don’t take rejection personally- Rejection is redirection to opportunities that may be better than originally expected 
 
 Are you looking for a job? What are tips that help you? 
 Adrenal Fatigue 
 Autophagy 
 Elimination Diet 
 Inflammation 
 Mental Health 
 Thyroid 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 anxiety job job search job search tips jobloss jobs stress stress management stress relief 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Post Life Changing Ginger Dressing 
 Next Post Inflammation and Why It Matters 
 One Comment Add yours 
 
 Pingback:  Job Search Tips to Keep Your Stress and Anxiety Low — Shana Robinson - Proven Tips, Tools and Tactics To Reduce Anxiety-Depression-PanicAttack 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Follow Us 
 
  Instagram  
  Facebook  
  LinkedIn  
 
 Looking for something? 
 Search for: 
 Subscribe to My Newsletter 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 145 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 About  
 Media  
 Wellness A – Z  
 
 Website Built with WordPress.com . 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 %d bloggers like this: 
