↓ 
 JAVASCRIPT IS DISABLED. Please enable JavaScript on your browser to best view this site. 
  Work at Home 
 Search for: 
 The Future is Yours 
   
 
 Home 
 301+ Cool Amazing Free Tools 
 Service & Pricing
 
 – Are You Prepared For A Good Thing? 
 – Our Marketing Course For Beginners 
 – Pricing Chart 
 – Wealthy Affiliate FAQ 
 – What Is Wealthy Affiliate About? Series of Interviews 
 
 
 Deals
 
 – Bol.Com Top Deals 
 – Best Portable Studio Lighting Kits 
 – Can You Get WiFi In Your Car? Sure, with MiFi 
 – Smart Security Camera Systems Reviews 
 – Portable Car Safes Reviews 
 – Bluetooth Hearing Devices, are they harmful? 
 – What is the best laptop for me? 
 
 
 Tools & Training
 
 – Best Tools I recommend 
 – WordPress Tutorials for Beginners 
 – Free Download eBooks & Articles 
 
 
 Internet Marketing
 
 – How to Earn in Internet Marketing, The Key to the Perfect Website 
 – Top Affiliate Networks And Best Affiliate Marketing Training 
 – Share-A-Sale Affiliate Program 
 – Zanox Affiliate Marketing Program 
 – Trade Tracker Affiliate Marketing Program 
 – Tradedoubler Affiliate Marketing Program 
 – Partner Programma Van Bol.com ~Dutch~ 
 – Avoid Scams 
 
 
 Archive 
 Site Info 
 Guest Blogs 
 
 Home → Avoiding Scams →Why Are You The Perfect Candidate For The Job? 
 
 Post navigation 
 ← Best Software Building Websites For Teachers 
 Making Money Online with Affiliate Marketing for Beginners → 
 Why Are You The Perfect Candidate For The Job? 
 Work at Home Posted on  March 10, 2018  by   Loes September 12, 2019 
 by  
 Loes Knetsch © 
 Do you recognize these emails? 
 Confidential! Hi Loes 
 I came across your profile online and wanted to make a business proposal that I think fits well with you. I have added a presentation that you can view at your convenience. If you leave your telephone number in front of me then we can discuss this by telephone when it suits you. 
 A number of advantages of this opportunity: 
-Flexible working hours 
-Very good basic salary of € 5,600 
– Bonuses paid out on results 
 You are one of the first candidates I approach to offer this trade secrecy, so if you are interested in earning extra income we advise you to respond quickly. 
 Surprisingly 
 Young people are worse off with internet safety than the elderly. ‘Older people’ from thirty-five years deal better with a number of important safety issues than young people. Young people are more technically educated, but they take safety for granted. Most people from 35-year-old or older do check files before they download them. Only a quarter of the young people between the ages of eighteen and thirty-four take precaution steps. One-third of the older people who check even write down the filename of the download. Older people use their virus scan more often to check a download. 
 When opening e-mails and files from unknown senders, the elderly also score better than young people. Older people say that they do not open files from unknown senders. Young people say they would open e-mails from unknown senders if they suspected something useful. 
 How to check an email? 
 When you copy a piece of the text and put it into Google search you might find interesting information. I copied this part of a job offer: 
 
 We are looking for an Honest, responsible,well behave,caring and enthusiastic person to care and play with my daughter. Am Mr Eddy Collins by name with a child whose name is berentos 3years of age, My wife divorce me. Am 
 
 Within seconds Google tells me it’s not legitimate. 
 Pay attention to the used grammar 
 This piece of text is overloaded with grammar mistakes! A missing d on the words behaved and divorced. Wrong punctuations. Capitals and non-capitals in the wrong places. And to be Honest 😉 I found for you, of course, the perfect piece of shitty text. However, you can receive a job offer, by email, in impeccable English, it is more common that this is not the case. 
 Check out on Google search if the link exists 
 When you hover, DON’T CLICK!, the link you get the example link on the left bottom of your screen. Write it down and check it in Google search without the extension or .com or .UK or .us. 
 Unscrupulous scammers 
 Unscrupulous scammers will get your attention over the dead bodies and disaster of others. 
 They work completely unscrupulous and are the worst egoists on this earth. 
 Legitimate job offers 
 When it concerns a legitimate website, with a legitimate job offer, it will pop up right at the top of Google search when you take the effort to do a Google query. 
 The email contains: 
 
 the companies address 
 the companies phone number 
 a company related email address (no, the server is NOT down!) 
 
 The scammer’s email address can be something like jobs@ amazone-world.com. The real company email is jobs@amazon.com 
 
 Check the email address in Google search, add scam to it. “Is _jobs@ amazone-world.com _a scam? 
 Who signed the email? Check the name. 
 Legitimate companies don’t ask for money! 
 Scammers ask you to provide confidential data before you even got the job. 
 Scammers can send you to a website form to fill in all kind of personal information. (Identity theft) 
 Western Union payments? RED FLAG! 
 Do you have to buy software to get started? RED FLAG! 
 Legitimate companies don not offer you an easy $5600 unseen. 
 
 [adinserter block=”1″] 
 Check out the recruiter 
 When you get a job offer from a company, that you do not trust, go to their official website. Look for the contact form and ask if someone with the name ….. is working for them. Tell them that you got a job offer and that you are very interested. Perhaps your honesty will be rewarded. When that person is in no way attached to the company, and they have a vacancy, by accident, you might get lucky after all. 
 Fake jobs on Social Media 
 The social media is not all it seems. Do you really want to be sure that the job is for real? Check if it can be found in other places. The rule is: if you find it on three different sources, (outside Social Media) then it is more likely that it is correct. To be on the safe side, you can definitely rely on the companies website for the real job. 
 Job Offer 
 Why are you the perfect candidate for this job? 
 What makes you the perfect candidate? 
 
 You want out of the rat race 
 You want to build your own business 
 You want to decide when and where to work 
 You are willing to learn something new 
 You are bursting with ideas 
 You need coaching about how and where to start 
 
 Start your own business right here 
 When you are desperately looking for a job, you might fall for the wrong offers. Have you ever considered starting your own business? I was not too keen on it, but I took the dive a couple of years ago. I was 50+ and without a job. For every application, I was overqualified, underqualified, but I never got the reason, you’re too old. Hopeless. That made me look for different chances. And while searching online for opportunities I came across  Wealthy Affiliate . That was the start of my own online business in  affiliate marketing . 
 How does affiliate marketing work? 
 
 For most companies, a website is a requirement, to become an affiliate and to be able to promote their products. Starting a business is something else than running a business. These are the steps to take to start an online business. 
 1. Start a website 
 2. Learn the skills 
 
 3. Become an affiliate 
 When you have a website with some content you can apply at companies and ask if you may promote their products. Once you are approved by the company of your choice you can actively work towards an online income. 
 4. Attract visitors to your website 
 Every Social Media platform is ideal to reach out to other people. An affiliate website is a global business. 
 
 Other related posts 
 
Phishing email scam alert 
 
 |  Home  |   Use of Cookies  |  Privacy Policy  |  FAQ  |  Affiliate Disclosure  |  Contact  | 
 © Loes Knetsch. All rights reserved. 
 Others also read... 
  Ripped off by a Webshop  
   
 Loes Knetsch © You have placed an order with a webshop. The order cost you 299 euros and since you have paid, the webshop no   Read more... 
  Scam Alert List 2016, Find Out About The Latest Scams  
   
 It can be very hard to find trusted online opportunities to work from home. To spare you a lot of agony and trouble, I created   Read more... 
 (Visited 134 times, 1 visits today) 
 by  
 
 Posted in  Avoiding Scams  Tagged  Avoid internet scams ,  Best legitimate way making money online ,  Best money-making systems that work ,  best online education to earn money ,  How to be Safe on the internet ,  legal online environment ,  list internet job scams ,  online fraud jobs ,  online job fraud investigation ,  Scam warning signs ,  What to do when you fell for a scam ,  work home internet scams   permalink 
 About Loes 
 Hey, nice to meet you. I am Loes and I love to work, create and make money on the internet. My vision for the future is promising because the activities and sales go to triple over the next few years. You can take advantage of it too. Step into the world of affiliate marketing today, and work towards financial freedom for you and for your family. If you would like to learn how to build your own Wordpress website,  click here to open your free account today! 
  View all posts by Loes  
 Post navigation 
 ← Best Software Building Websites For Teachers 
 Making Money Online with Affiliate Marketing for Beginners → 
 
 Comments 
 Why Are You The Perfect Candidate For The Job?  — 2 Comments 
 
 Julien on  March 14, 2018 at 12:34 pm  said: 
 
 Hi, 
Wow, I am part of the young people not paying so much attention to important scam alert factors. I have never thought of copying a part of the email in Google. 
I already received fake offers but they were very obvious. Your post made me realize I have to pay more attention in the future. 
Even though, choosing to build an online business is an idea that excites me more than working in a cubicle… 
Thanks for sharing your tips! Have a great day. 
 Reply ↓ 
 * [Loes](http://my.wealthyaffiliate.com/loes) on [March 14, 2018 at 12:51 pm](https://workathomefuture.com/why-are-you-perfect-candidate-job/#comment-2341) said:
 
 Hi Julien, thank you for sharing your way of dealing with email offers. You do have to be very cautious before you click on a link provided in an email. The other day I received an email, supposedly from my daughter, the thing was, her address book was hacked, and the link provided was bad luck. 
 Have a great day too:) 
 Loes 
 Reply ↓ 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Comment 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 By using this form you agree with the storage and handling of your data by this website. * 
 HTML tags allowed in your comment:                            
 
 
 Free e-Books 
 
 
 Search this website… 
 Search for: 
 Meet the Writer  -  © Loes Knetsch. The Netherlands. All Rights Reserved.All content and graphics have been collected with care. 
 
 [ 
 Read more about me 
 ](https://workathomefuture.com/about-loes) 
 
 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 5 Mistakes Companies Make When Leveraging Referral Marketing And 9 Compelling Statistics 
 Customer Rewards Referral Program Software 
 Worth Of Website Calculator Interview With Founder Aykut Pehlivanoglu 
 What Is The Secret Of Making Money Online Or Offline? 
 Make A Website For Affiliate Marketing 
 
 
 Popular posts 
 
 Animated Name Signature Makers Free Online  (43,176) 
 Cool Amazing Free Website Tools  (9,847) 
 Are You Prepared For A Good Thing?  (9,289) 
 Call to action arrows for on your website  (2,758) 
 Turn Your Passion into a Thriving Online Business  (2,267) 
 WordPress Website Tutorials for Beginners  (1,916) 
 Educational online programs – Getting Started  (1,635) 
 Japanese Emoticons Kaomoji’s for Social media…  (1,564) 
 Deadbeat Super Affiliate, report on this program  (1,544) 
 How to draw a stickman using MS paint  (1,513) 
 
 Website Categories 
 
  Affiliate Marketing (46) 
  Avoiding Scams (24) 
  Guest blogs (7) 
  Interviews (13) 
  Make Money From Home (57) 
  Messages (8) 
  Motivational (8) 
  Reviews (18) 
  Safety & Devices (7) 
  Tutorials (46) 
 
  Backgrounds (3) 
  Call to action (7) 
  ebook (2) 
  Email (1) 
  How to blog (4) 
  Movie @ Music (5) 
  SSL Certificate (1) 
  Symbols & Icons (5) 
  Unique (10) 
  WordPress (4) 
  YouTube tips & tricks (1) 
 
 
  Tutorials Advertising (8) 
  Tutorials HTML Codes (15) 
  Tutorials Picture Editors (15) 
  Tutorials SEO & Ranking (12) 
  Tutorials Tips, Tricks & Scoops (20) 
  Tutorials Website Development (9) 
 
 Free sign-up gift e-book 
 You will receive a confirmation email! 
 No. 1# Keyword Research Tool 
 
 
 
 Join us 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Loes Knetsch 
 | 
 Debbi Armstrong 
 | 
 Marion Black 
 Interviews with 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Kyle Loudoun 
 | 
 Robert Allan 
 | 
 Nathaniell 
 WA Members 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Shawn Martin 
 | 
 Robert Prescott 
 | 
 Tony Hamilton 
 Get to know the people! 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Jovo Vranjes 
 | 
 Jessica 
 | 
 James J.Borg 
 Colophon 
 
 About Loes, developer 
 Contact Loes 
 Affiliate Disclaimer 
 EU Cookie Law 
 Privacy Policy 
 Data Access Request 
 Crediting pictures on this website 
 
 Websites & Blogs 
 
 Kids Art & Crafting 
 Kleurboekjes – Coloring life 
 AloesVera – Health Food 
 Free Images & Pictures 
 Thuiswerken, je Toekomst 
 My Wealthy Affiliate Blog 
 Mijn Yoors Blog 
 Kiva Micro Loans 
 
 Easy-To-Start Online 
 
 What is the Wealthy Affiliate Free Membership 
 What is the Wealthy Affiliate for Premium Members 
 What will be my work on Wealthy Affiliate? 
 Wealthy Affiliate FAQs, Questions & Answers 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 5 Mistakes Companies Make When Leveraging Referral Marketing And 9 Compelling Statistics 
 Customer Rewards Referral Program Software 
 Worth Of Website Calculator Interview With Founder Aykut Pehlivanoglu 
 What Is The Secret Of Making Money Online Or Offline? 
 Make A Website For Affiliate Marketing 
 
 © LOES KNETSCH 2020 
 All rights reserved. 
 ©2021 -  Work at Home    -  Weaver Xtreme Theme   Privacy Policy 
 ↑ 
 This website has been active since 2014 and outdated amounts may be stated on obsolete items. 
Of course, price changes have occurred over the years. 
Always check how old the article is and whether the price and info is still accurate. 
 X 
 Join the best online website platform ever, no strings, free starter membership with 7 days premium access! 
 JOIN TODAY! 
 
 This website uses affiliate cookies, and third parties may use tracking cookies. If you continue you agree to the use of cookies and tracking. more information Accept 
 The cookie settings on this website are set to "allow cookies" to give you the best browsing experience possible. If you continue to use this website without changing your cookie settings or you click "Accept" below then you are consenting to this. For more information, I refer you to  GDPR requirements cookie and tracking law . When you don't want cookies placed, you are free to leave this website.  DECLINE COOKIES 
 Close
 [ ]: You need to accept this checkbox. 
