Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Full Time Contract 
 Loblaw Companies Limited 
 __Carleton Place, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
455 McNeely Ave, Carleton Place, Ontario, K7C 4S6 
 The decision to join a company is a big one. We have opportunities for hard working, energetic and reliable people just like you. 
 Why is this role important? 
 Here at Loblaw, we take pride and ownership in helping Canadians live life well. We’re looking for talented colleagues who are passionate about providing an exceptional shopping experience for our Pharmacy customers and delighting them every step of the way! We can offer progressive careers, comprehensive training, flexibility and a great benefits package! Come share our vision and passion in delivering a superior customer experience. Be a part of our growing Health & Wellness philosophy that includes: Pharmacy, Dietitian, Medical and Optical services. 
 This position reports to the Pharmacy Manager and is responsible for receiving, preparing and delivery of Rx accurately and timely. Ensuring adequate inventory levels to meet patient’s needs, and counsel with appropriate documentation to all patients. Provide friendly, positive and pro-active interaction with all internal and external customers as well create awareness and educate customers through public relations. 
 What you'll do 
 
 Prepare, dispense and control medications accurately and timely to patients 
 Ensure medication and over the counter supplements inventory levels is adequate to meet patients’ needs 
 Counsel of patients in regards to new and additional medications in a friendly, positive and pro-active interaction 
 Create awareness and educate customers through public relations (public health days, clinics, etc.) 
 Provide timely and positive resolution to patient’s needs and Doctor’s requests/issues 
 Review and control costs at all levels within Loblaw Pharmacy (dispensary) 
 Provide on-going training for all new and existing Pharmacy colleagues (technicians, interns, students, IPG’s) 
 
 What you’ll need: 
 
 Bachelor of Science, Pharmacy and a Class A Pharmacists license a must 
 Superior customer relations skills and a strong sense of professionalism 
 Excellent leadership and performance management skills required 
 Proven ability to build the business using community based marketing strategies 
 Excellent communication and interpersonal skills 
 Strong problem solving skills including the experience formulating and executing action plans 
 Strong personal computing skills, as well as knowledge of KROLL Pharmacy Computer system a definite asset 
 
 If you want to join a fast-paced winning team and believe you can have an immediate impact, then we want to hear from you! 
 Apply today! 
 How You’ll Succeed: 
At Loblaw, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Employment Type: 
Full time 
 Type of Role: 
Regular 
 Type of Contract: 
Loblaw recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. 
 Please Note:  If you have Employee Self Service (ESS) on Workday, apply to this job via the Workday application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
