Media Mining Digest 
 Curated knowledge for innovators 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 
 <- Media Mining Digest 153 - 17 Oct 2014: Abortion History, Aging and Dying, Authors As Team Players, Automated Aircraft, Automation and Employment, Brain's GPS, Bronx City Alliance, Child Displacements, College Unbound, Creating in the Moment, Danish Sperm Donations, Debt Collection, Differences Between Us, Disability Rights Network, Drone Law, Ebola Discussion, Ebola Preparedness, Energy Future, Fiber Taps, Fracking in China, Good Countries, Green Energy Future, Gut Microbiome, Hospital Credentialing, Islamic Extremism, Leadership Ideas,Lost Innocence P1, Mayors Discussus America, Melanoma Advances, Mental Focus, Military Mental Illness, Misconceptions, MS Discussion, Mt Tambora Eruption, Oil Price Decline, Physical Exams, Pinball Machines, Prince's Music, Restoring America, Shell Shock Bug,Solar Study, Sotomayor Impact, Text Book Costs, The Force Is Strong, Truckers, War Powers Act, Web Typography Book, Women in Public, Young Worker Attitude 
 Media Mining Digest 155 - 31 Oct 2014: Alzheimer's Cure Prospect, Bad Paper, Beer Culture, Bonkbuster Sex Drugs, Brain Development and Imaging, British History, Buckminister Fuller, Car Future, Champagne Bubbles, Chemical Weapons, Child Safety Excesses, Chocolate and Health, Cholesterol History, Climate Change, Contractionism, Crap, Cutthroat Science, Data Collection, Death With Dignity, Digital Health, Discipline in School, E Book Report, Ebola-Debrief-In Canada-Recovery, Evolution by Zimmer and Research, Feeding the Planet, Food Mods, Gamergate, Green Skyscraper,Hedge Funds, Hospitals by Toyota, Improv for Scientists, India in World War One, Irish Church Scandal, Linux Laptops, Lost Innocence, Magnesium Chloride, Malaria Update, Microbiome, Modern Surveillance, Molecule Handedness, Myth of Prosecution, Nutrition Research, Online Harassment, Phages, Quantum Moment, Qubits, Rating Television, Recycling NYC Paper, Religious Objections, Right to Vote, Russia in 1914, Russians, Scotch Whiskies, South Pass Route, Stem Cell Research, Sugar Overview, Toll Roads, Venter on Research, Village Projects, Viral Research, War Dogs, Water Supply, White Bread -> 
 Media Mining Digest 154 - 24 Oct 2014: Aereo Court Decision, Affordable Care Impact, Animal and Plant Signaling, Big Data and Government, Blue Collar Job Changes, Blue eyed Boy, Bombay Symphony, Books-Cars-Drones-Lights-Slavery, Broadband Issues, Campus Assaults Prevention, Cataloging the World, Chinese in Yosemite, Christopher Columbus, Climate Warming, Controlling Our Actions, Country Music, Creativity, Cuban Embargo, Dan Rather, Defense of Europe, Delusional Disorders, Deportation Trends, Disability Matters, Drinking Water, Ebola By Nurses, Ferguson Protests, Fondue, Fusion, Grief Impact, Grimm Brothers Stories, Hair Licensing, Heart Attacks, Hummingbird Robotics, Invisibles, ISIS Recruiting, Job Search, Lawyers' Future, Learning Process, Libya Failure, Living Planet Index, Magic, Mata hari and Edith Cavell, Mirror Neutrons, Nanoparticles in Plants, Nobel Prizes 2014, North Korea, Open Access Literature, Pedophile's Brain, Right to Know, Self-Regulated Classroom, Slow Hunches, Stem Cells for Eyes,Tesla in Norway, Texas Politics, Thiel on Innovation and Universities, Visiting Hour Tragedy, Women Programmers 
 Posted on  October 24, 2014  by  virginiajim 
 The following audio files come from a larger group of 191 for the week. Double or ctrl-click individual highlighted links, below, to get single podcasts. A zip file of all 62 podcasts converted to 1.5x speed will download  here  for four months. Older groups of podcasts are discussed at the end of this episode. 
 Aereo Court Decision  58 mins – “I’m pleased to post Show # 220, August 6, my interview with James Grimmelmann of the University of Maryland School of Law and David Post of Temple University School of Law, on the recent US Supreme Court decision in  ABC, Inc. v. Aereo  and  Facebook’s emotional manipulation study . David and James are both repeat guests on Hearsay Culture, but have never been on together. We focused on two issues: (a) the  Aereo amicus brief  authored by David and James on behalf of law professors, and the impact of the Aereo decision on copyright law and how new content delivery systems may or may not run afoul of copyright law, and (b) the impact of Facebook’s secretive 2014 behavioral study in which it manipulated the content delivered to users’ newsfeeds, particularly James’ extensive analysis of the problems associated with the study.” At the link right-click the highlighted “Show # 220, August 6” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Affordable Care Impact  13 mins – “Casey B. Mulligan Discusses the Affordable Care Act on the John Batchelor Show.” At the link right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Animal and Plant Signaling   18 mins – “Sure you have a big brain; it’s the hallmark of Homo sapiens. But that doesn’t mean that you’ve cornered the market on intelligence. Admittedly, it’s difficult to say, since the very definition of the term is elusive. Depending on what we mean by intelligence, a certain aquatic mammal is not as smart as we thought (hint: rhymes with “caulpin”) … and your rhododendron may be a photosynthesizing Einstein.” At the link right-click “Download File” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Big Data and Government  58 mins – “I’m pleased to post Show # 218, July 23, my interview with Julia Lane of the American Institutes for Research and Prof. Victoria Stodden of the iSchool at Illinois, co-editors of Privacy, Big Data, and the Public Good: Frameworks for Engagement. Julia and Victoria, along with their co-editors Stefan Bender and Helen Nissenbaum (who were not on this show), have collected an impressive array of scholars to study the creation and use of “big data” — massive data sets — by government. Covering not only policy but the economics and statistics considerations of application of big data to decision-making, Julia and Victoria put together a wonderful resource on the challenges and opportunities of big data on a going-forward basis….” At the link right-click the highlighted “# 218, July 23” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Blue Collar Job Changes  46 mins – “The new blue collar jobs. We’ll look at where they are and what it will take to get one.” At the link right-click “Download this story” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Blue Eyed Boy  59 mins – “Bob Timberg talked about his book, Blue Eyed Boy, in which he recounts his experiences in Vietnam and subsequent career in journalism. In 1967, Mr. Timberg was a Marine just 13 days away from coming home from Vietnam when his vehicle struck a North Vietnamese landmine and his life changed forever. He suffered third degree burns over much of his face and body. In the interview, he talks about the impact of the experience on his life, the 35 surgeries he had, his thoughts on the war, and how he physically and emotionally rebuilt himself and his career following this accident.” At the link find the title, “Q&A: Bob Timberg,” right-click “Media files program.364366.MP3-STD.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Bombay Symphony   28 mins – “India is falling in love with Western classical music. In his home-city Mumbai, Zareer Masani encounters the country's first national ensemble, the Symphony Orchestra of India. He visits Furtado's, the city's oldest music shop, which sells hundreds of pianos a year, and discovers that thousands of children learn a Western instrument. Yet, Zareer finds that this is not the total success it seems.” At the link find the title, “DocArchive: A Bombay Symphony,” right-click ”Media files docarchive_20141015-0332a.mp3,” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Books-Cars-Drones-Lights-Slavery  37 mins – “Techcon: how radio thrives in a digital and visual age; Digitalised slave narratives from Jamaica and USA; smart street lights in Copenhagen; Digital art on The Space.” At the link find the title, “DigitalP: 14 Oct 14: Techcon;slave narratives;street lights;Digital art,” right-click “Media files digitalp_20141014-2030a.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Broadband Issues  16 mins – “Lisa Gonzalez and I have been wading though all kinds of crazy talk since the cities of  Wilson and Chattanooga  filed petitions with the FCC to strike down state laws that prevent them from offering Internet access to their neighbors. In our first episode of Crazy Talk since way back in  episode 72 , we deal with claims that municipal networks often fail, whether the FCC has authority to restore local authority, and whether the state barriers in question are actually barriers at all.” At the link right-click “…download this MP3…” and select “Save Link As” fromt eh pop-up menu. 
 Campus Assaults Prevention  51 mins – “University of Utah President David Pershing joins us to continue our conversation about sexual assault on college campuses. We'll ask him how he's thinking about the issue as both leader of Utah's largest public university and as a father. We'll then talk to journalist Robin Wilson and Westminster College's General Counsel Melissa Flores to discuss how it is that universities became responsible for handling assault cases and what new federal regulations mean for the way institutions protect their students.” At the link right-click the play button beside “Listen” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Cataloging the World   57 mins – “…I’m pleased to post  Show # 217 , July 16, my interview with Alex Wright, author of  Cataloging the World: Paul Otlet and the Birth of the Information Age . Alex, who was previously on the show  back in 2008  discussing his terrific book Glut, has written a fascinating biography of the heretofore forgotten information utopian named Paul Otlet. Otlet’s vision for a catalog of all of the world’s information is both inspiring and admirable, given his efforts spanned the first half of the twentieth century. In our interview, we discussed Otlet and his relevance to today’s issues involving information access, filtering and systems. As before, I greatly enjoyed our discussion and Alex’s work.” At the link right-click the highlighted “Show # 217, July 16” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Chinese in Yosemite  4 mins – “No one really hears about Yosemite National Park's immigrant history. Or at least Yenyen Chan hadn't. A park ranger at the famed national park, she grew up in Los Angeles with her Chinese parents. When she landed the job at  Yosemite , she realized how little she knew about the park's immigrant past. So she dug in and stories spilled out about the critical role Chinese workers played in shaping Yosemite during the late 1800s and early 1900s. "Some of the hardest work that had to be accomplished was getting roads up these high, steep mountains, then blasting through rocks. Back then [they were] using hand tools and shovels and picks, and not the modern equipment that we have today," Chan said.” At the link right-click the down-pointing arrow at the right end of the sound bar and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. The photo at the link is high resolution and can be enlarged several orders to see more details. 
 Christopher Columbus   25 mins – “Christopher Columbus redux: He loved god, worshipped gold and craved glory. And in 1492, Columbus set sail in the name of all three. Somewhere between the explorer hero of American schoolbooks and the murderous mariner of history’s dark side, there’s a complex tale of outsized ambition, ruthless subjugation and questionable honor.” At the link right-click “Download this story” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Climate Warming  60 mins – “Bojana Bajzelj of Cambridge finds raising food for 9 billion will take all our carbon emissions. Benjamin Blonder tells us how the current plant world was shaped by the last big meteorite hit. Eelco Rohling: sea level rose 5 meters (16 ft) in the last big warming melt.” At the link right-click “Lo-Fi” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Controlling Our Actions  3 mins – “Some people with mental illness report being influenced by alien control. In courts, people sometimes try to disclaim responsibility for their actions. Sense of agency refers to the way we feel in control of our actions. Vince Polito is investigating how and why these changes in sense of agency occur. He has developed ways of studying different examples in a unified way, and developed a new theory of the common causes and effects of agency change. We hear Vince Polito’s Famelab presentation in Perth earlier this year.” At the link right-click “Download Audio” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Country Music  49 mins – “Country singer Doug Seegers was homeless for years in New York and Nashville. He’s out with a new album and will break your heart.” At the link right-click “Download this story” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Creativity  53 mins – “Tina Seelig, Professor of the Practice in Stanford's School of Engineering, describes how imagination leads to entrepreneurship, charting the course from rough ideas to polished ventures. Introducing a new framework called the "Inventure Cycle," Seelig captures the attitudes and actions necessary to foster innovation and bring breakthrough ideas to the world.” At the link click “Download” then right-click “Download MP3 Audio” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Cuban Embargo  57 mins – “The US embargo against Cuba is 54 years old next week and there are new calls –and maybe new reasons – to end it. We’ll hear the fresh debate.” At the link right-click “Download this story” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Dan Rather  52 mins – “Earlier this week, veteran news man Dan Rather was a guest at the Economic Development Corporation of Utah’s annual meeting. He sat down with Doug to talk about his influences, his more than 40 years of broadcasting and the state of journalism today. Friday, we’re broadcasting the conversation. Really, it’s Rather telling great stories – from his days at a small-town Texas radio station to covering JFK's assassination and reporting from war zones and the White House.” At the link right-click the play button beside “Listen” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Defense of Europe   39 mins – The past British Secretary State for Defense, Liam Fox, discusses the current role of NATO and defense status of Europe. At the link find the title, “Uncommon Knowledge with Liam Fox,” right-click “Media files 20141010.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop of defense. 
 Delusional Disorders  60 mins – “A bank robber on an undercover mission. A teenage girl with the powers of a tiger. A vigilante seeking vengeance in Ciudad Juarez. All have secret identities. But not all of them chose those identities for themselves.” At the link right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Deportation Trends  88 mins – “This panel discussion marks the release of the newMigration Policy Institute (MPI) report, Deportation and Discretion: Reviewing the Record and Options for Change. The report and discussion provide a detailed description of formal removals from the United States, including the previous immigration and criminal records of deportees, as well as their country of origin, gender, length of residence in the United States, and other demographic characteristics. Marc Rosenblum, Deputy Director of MPI's U.S. Immigration Policy Program and lead author of the report, answers key questions about immigration enforcement: who is being removed, where are noncitizens being apprehended, how are they being removed, and how are DHS’s current enforcement priorities reflected in enforcement outcomes. Other issues covered in the discussion include MPI’s insights more broadly from the U.S. Immigration and Customs Enforcement (ICE) removals dataset, obtained via a Freedom of Information Act request by The New York Times, as well as the work done by the Government Accountability Office in this area. This event offers a unique opportunity to review the past decade-plus of deportations and determine what lessons can be learned for future policy and possible administrative action” At the link right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Disability Matters  55 mins – “Joyce welcomes Fred Maahs, chair of the American Association of People with Disabilities (AAPD), to the show. The American Association of People with Disabilities is the nation's largest cross-disability membership organization that promotes equal opportunity, economic power, independent living, and political participation for people with disabilities. During the show, he will share his story of how he became a member of the disability community, what it means to be chair of AAPD, and most importantly, the 2015 AAPD Gala in Washington, DC.” At the link right-click “Download MP3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Drinking Water  5 mins – “Millennials are spending — and giving away their cash — a lot differently than previous generations, and that's changing the game for giving, and for the charities that depend on it. Scott Harrison's group, Charity: Water, is a prime example…. Harrison volunteered to spend the next two years in West Africa. What he found when he first got to Liberia was a drinking water crisis. He watched 7-year-olds drink regularly from chocolate-colored swamps — water, he says, that he wouldn't let his dog drink. Most childhood diseases in the developing countries he visited could be traced to unsafe drinking water, so everything changed for Harrison. He got inspired to start raising money for clean water when he returned to the states, but his friends were wary. "They all said, 'I don't trust charities. I don't give. I believe these charities are just these black holes. I don't even know how much money would actually go to the people who I'm trying to help,' " Harrison recalls. So his one cause became two: He started Charity: Water to dig wells to bring clean drinking water to the nearly 800 million people without access to it around the globe. But he also wanted to set an example with the way the organization did its work….” At the link right-click “download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Ebola By Nurses  44 mins – “Wondering about Ebola and how it might affect you as a nurse? Well me, too! Join me and nurses Brittney Wilson and Joan Ekstrom Spitrey as we talk about the implications of the Ebola crisis for nurses. If that’s what you’re looking for, you found it. It’s the Nursing Show.” At the link right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Ferguson Protests  51 mins – “It’s been two months since a white police officer fatally shot Michael Brown, an unarmed, African-American teenager in Ferguson, Missouri. A grand jury is considering whether to bring charges against officer Darren Wilson. And last week, an off-duty police officer fatally shot a black teenager in the Shaw neighborhood of Saint Louis. This past weekend, thousands of protestors staged the largest and most organized demonstrations yet. They are calling for a change in police tactics and racial equity nationwide. Voter registrations are up in Saint Louis, but so far, the movement hasn’t led to national policy changes. An update on the civil rights protests in Ferguson, Missouri, and their political implications.” [Five guests] At the link you can listen, but not download; however, a copy of the file is in the blog archive. 
 Fondue  16 mins – “The popularity of fondue wasn't an accident. It was planned by a cartel of Swiss cheese makers, which ruled the Swiss economy for 80 years. On today's show: Swiss cheese. A story about what happens when well-meaning folks decide that the rules of economics don't apply to them. And got the world to eat gobs of melted fat.” At the link right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Fusion  P-2 207 mins – “This episode is about ITER, the international project to build an experimental fusion plant in southern France. While on vacation in that area, I had the opportunity to visit the site and talk to Richard Pitts about many aspects of the project. We focus mostly on the physics and the engineering challenges, but also address some of the organizational aspects of this huge scientific project. Note that this episode is essentially a continuation of omega tau 022 – Nuclear Fusion at MPI für Plasmaphysik; I recommend to listen to this episode first, if you haven't done so yet.” (omega tau 022 is retitled here as Fusion P1;100 mins ) At the link find the title, “157 – Fusion at ITER,” right-click “Media files omegatau-157-fusionAtITER.mp3” and right-click “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Grief Impact  6 mins – “Certain specialised cells which fight off rapidly dividing bacteria such as pneumonia are compromised during periods of grief. Anna Phillips is investigating whether bereaved people are at a greater risk of infection. She has determined that bereaved people have a poorer response to vaccines. Fewer antibodies are produced. Some ways of boosting response at all times, are continuing social contact and exercise.” At the link right-click “Download Audio” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Grimm Brothers Stories  54 mins – “RadioWest and Plan-B Theatre return our radio drama series to the Halloween season with this year's Radio Hour Episode 9: Grimm. Playwright Matthew Ivan Bennett has adapted three beloved Grimm Brother stories to their original, dark tellings: Little Snow-White, Rapunzel, and The Juniper Tree.” At the link right-click the play button beside “Listen” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Hair Licensing  13 mins – “A few years ago, Jestina Clayton started a hair braiding business in her home in Centerville, Utah. The business let her stay home with her kids, and in good months, she made enough to pay for groceries. She even put an ad on a local website. Then one day she got an email from a stranger who had seen the ad. "It is illegal in the state of Utah to do any form of extensions without a valid cosmetology license," the e-mail read. "Please delete your ad, or you will be reported." To get a license, Jestina would have to spend more than a year in cosmetology school. Tuition would cost $16,000 dollars or more. On today's show: Why it's illegal to braid hair without a license in Utah. And why that rule — and hundreds of others like it in states all around the country — are a disaster for the U.S. economy.” At the link right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Heart Attacks  100 mins – “Heart attack: it is the never-miss diagnosis. Accordingly, we virtually never miss. Is the victory Pyrrhic? This month, with an eye on how we got here, and what matters most (hint: it's not the doctor), we seek coronary absolution.” At the link right-click “SMART Troponins.m4a” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Hummingbird Robotics  34 mins – “As founder of BirdBrain Technologies and maker of the Hummingbird Robotics Kit, Tom Lauwers has been busy infusing robotics into classrooms of all types. In fact, Tom hails from the Carnegie Mellon Robotics Institute’s CREATE lab (you might remember the CREATE lab  when we talked about robots with Illah Nourbakhsh ) where he focused on the process of designing hardware and software to support learners and educational environments. A few years later, Tom’s Hummingbird has been successful in helping teachers enrich their curricula with creativity using robotics. Listen to the show to learn how you too can foster a culture of creativity in your classroom with the Hummingbird Robotics Kit.” At the link find and click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Invisibles  56 mins – “I’m pleased to post Show # 219, July 30 my interview with David Zweig, author of  Invisibles: The Power of Anonymous Work in an Age of Relentless Self-Promotion . David has written a fascinating account of individuals who achieve professional success and satisfaction without engaging in the personal publicity efforts that are the hallmark of modern communications and socialization. While he is not opposed to social media, his critical take on its powers of distortion and limitations are worthy of deep consideration, which he admirably tackles in his book. In our conversation, we delved into the characteristics of his “invisibles” and what social media has — and has not — done for our humanity. I greatly enjoyed the discussion!” At the link right-click the highlighted “Show # 219” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 ISIS Recruiting  56 mins – “A young American, arrested at O’Hare airport, allegedly on his way to join ISIS. Who is drawn to this? And why?” At the link right-click “Download this story” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Job Search  141 mins – “Shaun Meehan joins Chris to talk about sugar rockets, pet robots, living in Antarctica for 2 years, huge lasers, tiny components and launching electronics into space. Shaun has two large industrial robots named FRED and Lefty…  FRED was won in an online auction  and transported from Connecticut to Coloardo… Shaun grew up in Fort Collins (north), near Colorado State University. His neighbors were professors there. He built his own kitchen timer rocket launcher and also cooked up the rocket fuel in the kitchen… In high school he worked at the lasers workshop at CSU. He was making optics mounts, vacuum chambers and more on the CNC mill…Another neighbor traded Shaun yardwork for a superconductor… After the lab, Shaun applied to be general assistant at South Pole. A friend gave hints on how to get into the program such as working at  Tractor Supply Company  (TSC) on heavy equipment and doing a  deep snow survival course . He got into the program to be an assistant and flew down to the  McMurdo Station on the coast … Once on site, he was an iron worker, helping build new buildings… One benefit of the job was getting to pick the brains of scientists stationed there… When Shaun went back to school he got dropped into a lab working on high power RF and laser work… A friend passing through town told Shaun he had just left a startup in SF. He applied and was hooked and then dropped his research program. He was the 3rd electrical engineer at Planet Labs, formerly Cosmogia… The Goal of Planet Labs: image the entire earth once per day . ..The benefit of regular captures is you can watch timelapse of data. This is useful for tracking agriculture, natural disasters and a lot more…Thanks to Shaun for sharing his crazy experiences and his work on satellites. Read more about  Planet Labs  or check out some of Shaun’s blog posts about robots over at Logic Low.” At the link right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Lawyers Future  16 mins – “Automation is  reshaping all sorts of white-collar jobs  that we once thought were safe. And for many lawyers, the question is: are we next? …We have tremendous demand for legal help…and yet very little availability of affordable legal help for the vast majority of Americans,” says Gillian Hadfield, a professor of law and economics at USC. Hadfield thinks law is ripe for a technological jump-start. “Lawyers are the ones that should be living within the context of ‘what is it that people really need?’” …It’s because the rules are so outdated, though, that Hadfield believes things could change – and change quickly. In other countries, both availability and affordability are being addressed. In Canada, for example, people can now stop by  WalMart to get legal advice . In Britain, one supermarket chain offers legal advice alongside potato chips. Before long, Americans too may be able to get affordable legal advice next to the grocery deli counter.” At the link find the title, “Your Future Lawyer,” right-click “IHUB-101814-A.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Learning Process   53 mins – “Learn or Die. That is the message this week! In order to stay competitive in today’s fast paced environment, you must continue to learn and grow. Those that refuse to do so will find that their jobs and skills have been replaced by a cheaper and more efficient technology. So how do you become a better and faster learner? How do you stay ahead of the curve? These are the questions we discuss this week as we talk with author and professor, Edward Hess.” At the link right-click “Download” and select ”Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Libya Failure  27 mins – “Tim Whewell is one of the few foreign reporters who’ve made it to Tobruk, last toehold of Libya’s elected authorities – holding out against a growing jihadi menace.” At the link find the title, “ DocArchive: Libya: Last Stand Against Jihad?” right-click “Media files docarchive_20141016-0330a.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Living Planet Index  60 mins – “WWF report: 52% of wildlife lost since 1970. Cost of climate change forum with Treasury Secretaries Robert Rubin and Jack Lew. Update on climate march and results. Plus climate poetry and new song by Neil Young. The report is called the "Living Planet Report 2014". It was published by the World Wide Fund for Nature, the new name for the World Wildlife Fund. The 180 page report features a new way to count the species most like us, those with backbones. That includes mammals of course, but also reptiles, birds, amphibians, and fish. The new method is called "The Living Planet Index".” At the link right-click “Lo-Fi” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Magic  54 mins – “It's an ALL-NEW Snap! Ladies and Gentlemen, sit right back and watch us pull a rabbit out of our hat. From PRX and NPR, we proudly present "Presto!” At the link right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Mata Hari and Edith Cavell  54 mins - “Two independent women find themselves in front of firing squads during WW1. Nurse Edith Cavell is heralded as a heroine and a saint. Exotic dancer and courtesan Mata Hari becomes a symbol of evil and the enemy within.” At the link find the title, “The Vixen and the Virgin - Women, Espionage and Propaganda in WW1,” right-click “Download The Vixen and the Virgin…” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Mirror Neutrons  55 mins – “Ever since their chance discovery back in 1992 mirror neurons have captured the imagination of both scientists and nonscientists, but their actual role remains mostly speculative. In  The Myth of Mirror Neurons: The Real Neuroscience of Communication and Cognition  Dr. Gregory Hickok (UC-Irvine) explains why the most popular theory is probably wrong. He also provides a fascinating account of how science is really done and the sobering lesson that scientists can fall prey to the same cognitive biases (and tendencies toward laziness) that plague all humans. I first discussed the discovery of mirror neurons back in  BSP 35  when I featured  Mirrors in the brain: How our minds share actions, emotions, and experience  (2008) by Giacomo Rizzolatti and Corrado Sinigaglia. At that time what I found most fascinating was that since mirror neurons fire both when a subject (usually a monkey) performs an action and when a similar action is observed, this proves that single neurons are not necessarily purely motor or purely sensory. This surprising discovery seems to have been overshadowed n the rush to use mirror neurons to explain everything from autism to language evolution.” At the link right-click “FREE: Audio mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Nanoparticles in Plants  30 mins – “Keith & Russ welcome Hiram Castillo-Michel, a UTEP [University of Texas as El Paso] alum who is currently working at the European Synchrotron Radiation Facility in Grenoble, France. Hiram is using the synchrotron to examine metal nanoparticles that are being taken up by plants and is analyzing how those nanoparticles affect the plants' functions. 
 Nobel Prizes  2014 5 mins – “The Nobel Prizes for Medicine or Physiology, Physics and Chemistry have been announced. Katie Silver reports.” At the link right-click “Download Audio” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. The price concerning microscopy is detailed at this link or this link 
 North Korea  51 mins – “North Korea is arguably the most secretive country in the world today. Few foreign journalists enter its borders. When they do, they seldom see beyond what the government shows them. Frustrated by official reporting trips, Korean-American journalist Suki Kim decided to go undercover. In 2011, she posed as a teacher at a missionary school. During her months in the classroom, she was charmed by her students and overwhelmed by the regime’s totalitarian control. Suki Kim shares her story in a new book,  Without You, There Is No Us: My Time with the Sons of North Korea’s Elite .” At the link you can listen, but not download; however, a copy of the file is in the blog archive. 
 Open Access Literature   54 mins – “Frankfurt is the birthplace of book fairs, and of sturm und drang – or at least, it is the birthplace of Johann Wolfgang von Goethe, born in Frankfurt in 1749. Goethe embodied German Romanticism, which enobled sturm und drang – storm and stress – as the iron-hard forge of human character. In 2014, sturm und drang continues to build character in the men and women of scholarly and scientific publishing around the globe. We live in an age of changing business models and realigning roles. As governments and funders mandate open access to published research, we can feel the ground shift beneath our feet, and we wonder, “Who holds the power?” Around the time Goethe began to write, a revolution began brewing in Boston, the home base of Copyright Clearance Center. To debate and to deliberate, the citizens of New England gathered in town meetings, just as they continue to do today. For this Frankfurt Book Fair Town Meeting, CCC’s panel gathered to debate and deliberate this question: Open Access—Who Holds The Power?” At the link right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Pedophile’s Brain  14 mins – “Recent theories suggest the brains of paedophiles encountered some sort of problem during development. It leads to children being seen as sexual targets rather than as vulnerable and requiring care. ‘Gold star’ paedophiles acknowledge their attraction but don’t want to act out on it. Some seek help. Amy Lykins has worked as a clinical psychologist and now lectures at the University of New England in Armidale NSW. She describes current thought regarding the brains of paedophiles.” At the link right-click “Download Audio” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Right to Know  58 mins – “I’m very excited to post Show # 221, August 13, my interview with Prof. Frederick Schauer, David and Mary Harrison Distinguished Professor of Law at the University of Virginia, and formerly of Harvard’s Kennedy School, on the “right to know.” I heard Fred discuss this issue at a panel that I moderated on the philosophy of information at Duke Law School earlier this year, and was unsurprisingly blown away by his insights on the issues at stake and questions to be answered in “right to know” analysis. This seemingly simple question has become surprisingly complex in the world of multidirectional communication by institutions and individuals on interconnected networks (like the “Inter-net”). I was thrilled to have Fred on the show, and the discussion was fascinating. I hope that you enjoy it.” At the link right-click the highlighted “Show # 221, August 13” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Self-Regulated Classroom  54 mins - “What I.Q. was to the 20th century, self-regulation will be to the 21st. That's the prediction of psychologist and philosopher, Dr. Stuart Shanker. For decades he's been teaching kids how to self-regulate, so tantrums, meltdowns and lack of focus diminish.” (One approach is to use earphones to reduce noise exposure.) At the link find the title, “Neuron Therapy,” right-click “Download Neuron Therapy” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Slow Hunches  52 mins – “On the show this week we talk to Steven Johnson, author of the new book  How We Got to Now: Six Innovations That Made the Modern World . In it, Johnson argues that seemingly mundane scientific breakthroughs have changed our world in profound ways—impacting everything from life expectancy to women's fashion. We also welcome guest host Cynthia Graber who talks about a recent article she wrote for Nova on the “Diseaseome”; and Indre wonders if you are, in fact, smarter than a kindergartner.” At the link right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Stem Cells for Eyes  9 mins – “Robert Lanza discusses two-year follow-up findings of human embryonic stem-cell transplantation in the potential treatment of Stargardt’s Macular dystrophy and age-related macular degeneration.” At the link find the title, “Listen to The Lancet: 16 October,” right-click “Media files 16october.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Tesla in Norway  37 mins – “Until recently, tiny Norway (population 5 million) has been the second largest market for Teslas (after the U.S.). Earlier this year, Tesla’s Model S became the best-selling car in the country ever for a one-month period. Not bad for a luxury electric vehicle whose base price in Norway is over $100,000. What’s behind this Tesla boom?” (A key element is a sovereign wealth fund.) At the link find the title, “How Can Tiny Norway Afford to Buy So Many Teslas?” right-click “Play Now” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Texas Politics  108 mins (2 parts) – “Everything's bigger in Texas and that goes for the personalities who run for election there. While the Republican party is dominant, Democrats believe that they can change the reddest of the red states blue in the coming years. Can the Democratic Party make big gains in the mid-term elections?” In Part 2: “Texas is crucial in the race for national power. Gary O’Donoghue travels to the Lone Star State to find out about the challenges the Republicans face on divisive issues like immigration and shifts in social attitudes - and what this could mean for the party and Texas.” At the link for Part 1 find the title, “DocArchive: The Politics of the Lone Star State,” right-click “Media files docarchive 20141014-0332a.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. For Part 2: “DocArchive: The Politics of the Lone Star State - Part 2,” and “Media files docarchive 20141021-0332a.mp3” 
 Thiel on Innovation   16 mins – “The last half century has been a time of unprecedented invention and technological change. But recently we've mostly been benefiting from changes that are more virtual than physical. Peter Thiel made his fortune as a co-founder of PayPal — but now he says that we need to focus a bit less on the online world and a little more on the world around us. “I would like us to go back to the 1950s or 60s understanding of technology as encompassing both atoms and bits. And the hope is that we’re going to have progress in both in the decades ahead,” says Thiel, author of Zero to One: Notes on Startups, or How to Build the Future. The question of whether we'll continue to get breakthrough technologies depends on many factors. But our current education system just isn't preparing the kinds of future innovators we need, believes Thiel, a long-time critic of American education. Thiel, who is well-known for offering a fellowship that gives 20-25 students $100,000 to drop out of college and pursue their own projects, says too many are entering — and leaving — universities without much thought or purpose.” At the link find the title, “Peter Thiel Looks for the Next Big Thing,” right-click “IHUB-101814-B.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Thiel on Universities  5 mins – “What’s it like getting $100,000 to drop out of school and pursue your own project? “I think it’s becoming a little bit more normal for folks to leave school. Perhaps not permanently, but at least for a couple of years to pursue whatever they’re passionate about,” says  Laura Deming , a partner at  The Longevity Fund  – a venture capital firm that invests in companies focused on extending life. She's a recipient of the Thiel Fellowship, a fund started by PayPal co-founder Peter Thiel to get young, smart people to leave school and pursue a project they're passionate about… Although she benefited from her fellowship, Deming cautions that dropping out isn’t for everyone. “Passion is one thing, but pure competency, being good at what you do, that’s very different. That’s difficult to find in undergrad.” Meet the newest Thiel fellows: Ari Weinstein, Noor Siddiqui and  all the rest .” At the link find the title, “Life as a Thiel Fellow,” right-click “IHUB-101814-D.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Visiting Hours Tragedy  54 mins (2 parts) - “On this edition of White Coat, Black Art: a personal reflection on hospital visitors and the role they play in the lives of patients and the people who look after them.” The following episode discussed subsequent feedback: “ Our show this week on hospital visitors got such a huge response we're devoting this week's minipodcast to your thoughts and stories on 24/7 hospital vistors.” At the link find the titles “WCBA - Visiting Hours Podcast” and “White Coat Mini Podcast - Visiting Hours React,” right-click accompanying “Download WCBA - Visiting Hours Podcast” and “Download White Coat Mini Podcast - Visiting Hours React” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menus. 
 Women Programmers  17 mins – “Mark Zuckerberg. Bill Gates. Steve Jobs. Most of the big names in technology are men. But a lot of computing pioneers, the ones who programmed the first digital computers, were women. And for decades, the number of women in computer science was growing. But in 1984, something changed. The number of women in computer science flattened, and then plunged.” At the link right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 ============================================================== ARCHIVE 
 An alphabetic encyclopedia of 4200 of these hyperlinked descriptions is  here  and updated quarterly. A file of the podcasts is  here  , updated weekly, and can be downloaded as a 21+ GB zipped file, or individually. A separate folder of C-Span, Diane Rehm, et. al. files that aren't available at their sites is  here , too, and can also be downloaded as a zip file or individually. Over 210 feeds used to prepare this blog are harvested with  Feedreader3  and  Juice . The feeds are available in this  opml  file which Feedreader and Juice can import. A list of the feeds is  here .  Free Commander  is used to compare old with new downloads and remove duplicates.  MP3 Speed Changer  is used on batches of new files to boost playback speed 150%. A speed listening background article is  here . Please comment on any problems with the links and downloads. 
 Thank you for visiting. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 About virginiajim 
 Retired knowledge nut. 
  View all posts by virginiajim ->  
 This entry was posted in  Uncategorized  and tagged  AAPD ,  Aereo amicus brief ,  Aereo Court Decision ,  Affordable Care Impact ,  age-related macular degeneration ,  American Association of People with Disabilities ,  Animal and Plant Signaling ,  Big Data and Government ,  BirdBrain Technologies ,  Blue Collar Job Changes ,  Blue eyed Boy ,  Bombay Symphony ,  Books-Cars-Drones-Lights-Slavery ,  Broadband Issues ,  Campus Assaults Prevention ,  Cataloging the World ,  Cavell ,  Charity: Water ,  Chattanooga ,  Chinese in Yosemite ,  Christopher Columbus ,  climate warming ,  Columbus ,  Controlling Our Actions ,  Copenhagen ,  Country Music ,  CREATE Lab ,  creativity ,  Cuban Embargo ,  Dan Rather ,  deep snow survival course ,  Defense of Europe ,  Delusional Disorders ,  Deming ,  Deportation Trends ,  Disability Matters ,  Diseaseome ,  Doug Seegers ,  Drinking Water ,  earphones to reduce noise ,  Ebola By Nurses ,  Edith Cavell ,  emotional manipulation ,  Facebook's emotional manipulation study ,  Fed Maahs ,  FED robot ,  Ferguson Protests ,  Fondue ,  Furtado's ,  Fusion ,  Glut ,  Grief Impact ,  Grimm Brothers Stories ,  Hair Licensing ,  heart attacks ,  How We Got to Now: Six... ,  Hummingbird Robotics ,  Inventure Cycle ,  Invisibles ,  Invisibles: The Power... ,  ISIS Recruiting ,  ITER ,  Jamaica slave narratives ,  Job Search ,  Juniper Tree ,  Laura Deming ,  Lauwers ,  Lawyers' Future ,  Learning Process ,  Lefty robot ,  Liam Fox ,  Libya Failure ,  Living Planet Index ,  Logic Low ,  Longevity Fund ,  Maahs ,  macular degeneration ,  magic ,  Mata hari and Edith Cavell ,  McMRizzolatti ,  Meehan ,  Migration Policy Institute ,  Mirror Neutrons ,  Nanoparticles in Plants ,  NATO ,  Nobel Prizes 2014 ,  North Korea ,  Norway ,  Open Access Literature ,  Otlet ,  Paul Otlet ,  Pedophile's Brain ,  Planet Labs ,  Polito ,  programmers ,  Rapunzel ,  Right to Know ,  Seegers ,  Seelig ,  Self-Regulated Classroom ,  sexual assault on campuses ,  Shaun Meehan ,  Sinigaglia ,  Slow Hunches ,  smart street lights ,  sovereign wealth fund ,  Stargardt's Macular dystrophy ,  Stem Cells for Eyes ,  Steven Johnson ,  Swiss cheese ,  Symphony Orchestra of India ,  Tesla in Norway ,  Texas Politics ,  There Is No Us: My Time... ,  Thiel on Innovation and Universities ,  Timberg ,  Tom Lauwers ,  Tractor Supply Company ,  Troponins ,  urdo Station ,  Vince Polito ,  Visiting Hour Tragedy ,  WalMart in Canada ,  water ,  Wilson ,  Without You ,  Women Programmers ,  Yosemite ,  Zero to One: Notes on Startups... . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 <- Media Mining Digest 153 - 17 Oct 2014: Abortion History, Aging and Dying, Authors As Team Players, Automated Aircraft, Automation and Employment, Brain's GPS, Bronx City Alliance, Child Displacements, College Unbound, Creating in the Moment, Danish Sperm Donations, Debt Collection, Differences Between Us, Disability Rights Network, Drone Law, Ebola Discussion, Ebola Preparedness, Energy Future, Fiber Taps, Fracking in China, Good Countries, Green Energy Future, Gut Microbiome, Hospital Credentialing, Islamic Extremism, Leadership Ideas,Lost Innocence P1, Mayors Discussus America, Melanoma Advances, Mental Focus, Military Mental Illness, Misconceptions, MS Discussion, Mt Tambora Eruption, Oil Price Decline, Physical Exams, Pinball Machines, Prince's Music, Restoring America, Shell Shock Bug,Solar Study, Sotomayor Impact, Text Book Costs, The Force Is Strong, Truckers, War Powers Act, Web Typography Book, Women in Public, Young Worker Attitude 
 Media Mining Digest 155 - 31 Oct 2014: Alzheimer's Cure Prospect, Bad Paper, Beer Culture, Bonkbuster Sex Drugs, Brain Development and Imaging, British History, Buckminister Fuller, Car Future, Champagne Bubbles, Chemical Weapons, Child Safety Excesses, Chocolate and Health, Cholesterol History, Climate Change, Contractionism, Crap, Cutthroat Science, Data Collection, Death With Dignity, Digital Health, Discipline in School, E Book Report, Ebola-Debrief-In Canada-Recovery, Evolution by Zimmer and Research, Feeding the Planet, Food Mods, Gamergate, Green Skyscraper,Hedge Funds, Hospitals by Toyota, Improv for Scientists, India in World War One, Irish Church Scandal, Linux Laptops, Lost Innocence, Magnesium Chloride, Malaria Update, Microbiome, Modern Surveillance, Molecule Handedness, Myth of Prosecution, Nutrition Research, Online Harassment, Phages, Quantum Moment, Qubits, Rating Television, Recycling NYC Paper, Religious Objections, Right to Vote, Russia in 1914, Russians, Scotch Whiskies, South Pass Route, Stem Cell Research, Sugar Overview, Toll Roads, Venter on Research, Village Projects, Viral Research, War Dogs, Water Supply, White Bread -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 15,134 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
   Media Mining Digest 
 
 Media Mining Digest 473: Abraham Lincoln Lessons, AI Decisions, AI Governance, AI Predictions, Artificial Intelligence, Black Canada, Code Red, Covid and Immigration, Covid and Migrants, Covid-19 and International Effects, Defense Department, Fateful Triangle, Green Card Use, Human Rights in Iran, India and Cash, Inventions Shaped Humanity, Machines that Can Think, Melinda Gates on Gender Equality, Mental Illness History, Poison Squad, School Closures, Silicon Valley Story, Unconventional Diplomat, Venezuelan Migrants, White Nationalism, Work Future, Working in Space 
 MMD472 Media Mining Digest: Activist Otto Sharmer, AI and Criminal Justice, AI Principals, Artificial Intelligence, Ayahuasca, Black Business Devaluation, Brown Skinned, Caffeine Use, Chernoble Trends, China and India Areas, China-Australia Relations, Climate Crisis, Coffin Making, Corruption in China, Covid in Jails, Cyberlaw Worldwide, Democracy Fails, DHS Compiles Intelligence on Journalists, Digital Threat Counters, Einstein, Electoral College Abolishment, Ethiopia Conflict, Fauci Article, Fauci Discussion, Film Editors, Foreign Interference, Free Trade, Genetic Experimentation and Innovation, Guantanamo, Hong Kong Protests, Houdini, Human Rights Crisis in Xinjian, Intelligence Innovation, Iranian Assassination, ISIS in America, Longer Life, Managing Older Workers, Mitch McConnell, Molecular Genetics and Genomics, Nazism, Planning Your Post Retirement, Poisoning of Alexei Navalny, President and COVID Infection, Prison Abolition, QAnon Discussion, Rural Broadband Politics, Secondhand Goods, SIGINT Intelligence, Social Media Weaponization, Spymasters, Super Rich, Talented Women, Tranformational Change, Uighurs in China, US in China, Vaccine Misinformation, Vindman Conversation, White Power Violence, Wikinomics 
 MMD471 Media Mining Digest: 5th Grade Innovator, Africa Growth, Artificial Intelligence Discussion, Bloomberg, Brainstorming, Corporate Law, Covid Control, Cyber Security, DARPA Story, Disease Control, Fake News, FISA Errors, Hearing Aid Technology, High Impact Innovations, innovation Barriers, Innovation Challenges, Innovation Coaches, Innovation Failures, Innovation Myths, Innovation Questions, Innovation Attributes, Innovation Skills, Intelligence Briefing, Land Ownership, Leadership Levels, Placental Biology, Russian Operations Under Putin, Safety Net Hospitals, Soleimani Death Reaction, Transgender, Wine Bottles, Zoom Conferencing Service 
 MMD470 Media Mining Digest: Battery Charging, Buy and Hold Investing, Corona Virus Control, Covid Afterwards, Covid and CIA Activities, Covid and Emergency Powers, Covid Inequality, Covid Lab Results, Covid Response by DoD and State, Democracy Playbook, Discovery vs Exploration, Disinformation on Vaccinations, Foreign Agents Information Act, Hurricane Katrina 1 Antediluvian, Hurricane Katrina 2 Come Sunday, Hurricane Katrina 3 Through the Looking Glass, Hurricane Katrina 4 Bridge, Hurricane Katrina 5 Exodus, Hurricane Katrina 6 Reckoning, Hurricane Katrina 7 Destiny, Hurricane Katrina 8 Wake, Learning Styles, Linux Replacing Windows 7 
 MMD469 Media Mining Digest: AI Future, Antibiotic Resistance Research, Barbie Dress Designer, Biomedical Research, Convalescent Plasma, Corona Treatments, Corona Virus Affects, Corona Virus Spread, Covid Lab Special, Emerging Markets, Glial Cells, How Inventions Shaped Us, Ira Glass, Learning Process, Marine Microbes, Microbe Research, Mold Control, Neuroscience History, Numbers Instinct, Ocean Water Microbes, Plant Diseases, Prion Proteins, Prosperity Paradox, Prosthetic Vision, Pseudomonas and Candida Interaction, Rape of Chanel Miller, Robert Wong, Robin Williams, Rotavirus and Noravirus, Seaweed Farming, Spontaneous Brain, Surveillance Capitalism, Tosh Hall, Trump Administration Book, Unconscious 
 MMD468 Media Mining Digest: Amgen Tea Brazil, Anthropology and Finances, Bed Bugs, Cement Innovation, Change Disruptive, Cognitive Dissonance, Corporate Insurgent, Disrupt Yourself, Diversity Bonus, Fearless Organization, Innovation, Investment Concepts, Medical Care Access, Medici Effect, Mobile Phone Skype, Nuclear Submarine Commander, Parasitism by Worms, Parasitism in Uganda, Phase Transitions, Proactive Obsolescence, Rotifier Infestation, Sanitizing Hygiene, Smart Companies, Startup History, Team Leadership, Unconscious Bias 
 MMD 467 Media Mining Digest: BARDA, Body Mass Index, Boy Scouts Bankruptcy, Cave Man, Chinese Espionage, Corona Virus Testing, Covid Financial Bailout, Covid Infected Doctor, Culinary Extinction, Deepwater Horizon Spill, Economic Crisis, Exercise, Feeble Mindedness Discussion, Food Production, Ginger Handbook, Gift Card Value, Gluten Removal, Hospital Bed Economics, Jane Goodall, Libyan Female Fighters, Mars Exploration, Moon Exploration, Munition Site Explosions, North Korea Arms Trafficking, Oil Price Control, Oil Prices Drop, Ostomies, Pangolins, Protective Equipment Purchase, Saving Our Planet, Scott and the South Pole, Small Business Support by Government, Telegraphy History in Australia, Temperature and Productivity, Unemployment, Ventilators, Virus Economic Response 
 MMD466 Media Mining Digest: 1918 Influenza Pandemic, Abortions in Canada, Air Pollution Decreases, Atomic Artifacts, AUMF Discussion, Cataclysm Sentence, Covid Autopsies, Covid Racial Disparities, Data Breaches, Distance Learning, Drug Disposal Program, East Indian Company, Exercise, Homeschool STEM Resources, Ignaz Semmelweis Day, Kindom of Nauvoo, Latif Story, Obesity Control, Pandemic in Rome, Pollution Control, SARS Victim, School Nutrition, Shared Immunity, Social Isolation, Space Discussion, Third Existential Crisis, Thyroid Cancer, Toilet Paper Buying, Transplant Issues, Women in Software and Cybersecurity 
 MMD465 Media Mining Digest: 5G Defined, 1619 Project, Abortion Case, Absentee Ballots, AI in Health Care, Artificial Intelligence Dominance, Atmosphere Specialist, AWAKE Experiment, Bitcoin Defined, Blind Charities in the UK, Chief Justice Roberts, Coders, Computer Repair Business, Computer Security, Coronavirus, Covid Patient Care, Crypto Basics, Cybercrime, Deutsche Bank and Trump, Digital Currencies from Central Banks, Emotional AI, Esther Perel, Eugenics, European Tax Problem, Face-based Surveillance, Facebook’s Libra, Flying Stories, Folding At Home, Food Waste, Huawei’s Rough Year, Information War, Interracial Marriage, Jane Goodall, Manhattan Project, Mental Health Specialists, Mike Tech Show, National Rifle Assoc, Pandemic in Prisons, Protesters Against Restrictions, Race in America, Russian Interference in Elections, Self-Organizing Collaboration, Soft Shell Crabs, Tik Tok, Tomato Growing, Trump Impact on the Country, Visually Impaired 
 MMD464 Media Mining Digest: Apprenticeships, Cancer Drugs, Cancer Research, Capitalism, Capitalism Reimagined, Coronavirus Pandemic, Digital Tsunami, Extreme Economies, Health Care Reform, Higher Education, Honest Income, Jack Kornfield, Manufacturing, Narrative Economics, Racism in America, Surgeon General, Universe Origins, Warp Speed Update, Wilding, Willful Book 
 
 
 
 Follow Media Mining via Email 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 15,134 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 
 Click on tag and jump to that episode. 
 
 3d printing 
 affordable care act 
 aging 
 Alzheimer's 
 antibiotic resistance 
 artificial intelligence 
 behavioral economics 
 bitcoin 
 broadband 
 broadband in Colorado 
 Broadband in North Carolina 
 Canada 
 China 
 climate change 
 climate warming 
 consciousness 
 creativity 
 cyber security 
 cybersecurity 
 Decision Making 
 design thinking 
 domestic violence 
 driverless cars 
 drones 
 Economic Growth 
 End of Life Care 
 Fake News 
 Feminism 
 fracking 
 geoengineering 
 Gerrymandering 
 gun control 
 Gun Violence 
 Hate Speech 
 health care 
 human rights 
 human trafficking 
 impact investing 
 income inequality 
 India 
 internet history 
 ketogenic diet 
 marijuana legalization 
 native Americans 
 Neil Degrasse Tyson 
 net neutrality 
 North Korea 
 NSA 
 nuclear power 
 Oliver Sacks 
 Pakistan 
 Political Polarization 
 Racaniello 
 racism 
 refugees 
 sex assaults on campus 
 Sexual Harassment 
 sharing economy 
 solitary confinement 
 Sugar 
 suicide 
 Supreme Court 
 synthetic biology 
 Syrian Refugees 
 technology trends 
 Terrorism 
 Trans-Pacific Partnership 
 Trump 
 Universal Basic Income 
 Virtual Reality 
 voting rights 
 women in politics 
 women in science 
 World War One 
 Zika Virus 
 
 
 
  Media Mining Digest  
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
