Stay-at-home-Yeti 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
   
 Tag Archives: balancing career and kids 
 January 31, 2013 * 3:24 pm 
 The New Normal 
 If I'm lucky some of you have probably been wondering where I've been for the last few weeks. So, for the hearty few that have stuck with my poor, ill-fed blog lately, I'll fill you in. First off, I had a number of crushing writing deadlines to meet in the month of December and that kept me a little busier than I liked. Come to think of it, it was probably the hardest I've  worked  since I made a go of this whole stay-at-home-yeti thing three years ago. Seriously, it was a pretty punishing schedule for any time of the year, but, when you toss in the  holidays  and all the  craziness  that that entails, well…lets just say I'm glad it's over. 
 And though Greta was devastated at the fact that we couldn't leave our  Christmas  tree up all year long, I've never been happier to put it all away. I know I sound like an old Scrooge, but, the clutter of Christmas really stressed me out this year. All I wanted for Christmas was a clean, clutter free house to work in…and an  iPad Mini . Preferably in black. 
 Luckily for me, I got both, and once the tree and stockings were packed away in the garage. My daily workload shot way up. So, yay for me. Of course, anytime I get a lot of work done I can't help but feeling guilty for ignoring  Greta . Yes, she loves to play alone in her room with her  Barbies  and My Little Ponys for hours…but, I still feel bad anytime I'm knee deep in work and she's craving attention. So, we worked out a little deal most days. "Let Daddy work for thirty minutes and then I'll come play  Barbies ." I'd say. "That's not a good idea." She'd say. "Here's a better idea…FIRST you play  Barbies  in my room, then you work." 
 You can guess who usually won that argument. 
 Anyway, despite the distractions, I did manage to meet all my deadlines and even squeeze in a very last-minute, whirlwind trip to  Dubai  and the  Maldives  to cover the inagural flight of flydubai's new non-stop service to the Maldives. The trip was amazing and though I'd like to say I got loads of sleep on the beaches there while the Indian Ocean lapped at my feet, my time on the beach was limited to a few dips in the water and one long nap on my private deck. Yes, we had private decks with full ocean access…swanky, huh? And though the trip was magical and it was strangely liberating to not have to worry about carseasts and sippy cups for a few days, I came home with loads more work, so, it's back to crazy town any day now. Actually, the deadlines are a little more evenly spaced this time around, and there's not that pesky old Christmas/New Years crush to jam me up. But, we do have loads of birthdays, an  Oscar  party and Greta's fourth birthday party to plan, so, the next couple of months promise to go by in another crazy blur of activity. 
 So, if you don't hear from me for a while, know that I am juggling the twin joys of my life ( parenting  and  writing ) the best I can and that somewhere a Barbie is being played with. 
 Oh yeah, and about my new iPad Mini. It's wondrous! I don't know how I lived without it all these years…almost makes me want to add it to my list of "joys in my life". But, then I think  Mrs. Yeti  might start to feel a little bit slighted. Aw, screw it, I'm adding my Mini to the list, Mrs. Yeti too. Who says you can't have four joys in your life? 
 4 Comments 
 Filed under  Daddy stuff ,  Writing Stuff 
 Tagged as  Apple iPad Mini ,  balancing career and kids ,  Christmas ,  Christmas Trees ,  Dubai ,  fatherhood ,  flydubai ,  Greta ,  Indian Ocean ,  iPad ,  iPad Mini ,  movies ,  Mrs. Yeti ,  My Little Pony ,  New Years ,  Oscar parties ,  Oscars ,  publishing deadlines ,  Scrooge ,  Stay-at-home-Dad ,  Stay-at-home-Dads ,  stay-at-home-parenting ,  Stay-at-home-Yeti ,  The Maldives ,  the twin joys of my life ,  toddler birthday parties ,  toddlers ,  tropical vacations ,  work and kids ,  writing 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Greta's Dance Recital (2015) 
 Trailer Thursday: "Star Wars: The Force Awakens" 
 Greta's My Little Pony-themed Birthday Party (2015) 
 National Pancake Day (2015) 
 Leonard Nimoy (1931-2015) 
 Trailer Thursday: "Kumiko the Treasure Hunter" 
 Oscar Wrap-up (2015) 
 Oscar Ads (2015) 
 Oscar Party Food (2015) 
 Happy Meal Sweethearts Plush 
 Beck: "Morning Phase" 
 Limited Edition: Red Velvet Oreos 
 Trailer Thursday: "The Slap" 
 Oscar Nominees 2015 
 Merry Christmas (2014) 
 
 
 
 Most Popular Posts 
 
 Girls who wear glassess... 
 Happy Meal Sweethearts Plush 
 LEGO "Star Wars" - Mos Eisley Cantina Playset 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 January 2021 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 
 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 
 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 
 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 31 
 
 
 
 « Jul 
 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 27,291 hits 
 
 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 Ginger on  Oscar Ads (2015) 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 yeti9000  on  Oscar Nominees 2015 
 
 
 Cathy on  Oscar Nominees 2015 
 
 
 
 Ginger on  Merry Christmas (2014) 
 
 
 
 Ginger on  Pumpkin Cream Donuts at The Do… 
 
 
 
 
 yeti9000  on  Date Night Movie: "Into… 
 
 
 
 mjoydub  on  Date Night Movie: "Into… 
 
 
 
 mjoydub  on  Pumpkin Cream Donuts at The Do… 
 
 
 
 yeti9000  on  The Sticker Ninja 
 
 
 
 yeti9000  on  The Sticker Ninja 
 
 
 
 mjoydub  on  The Sticker Ninja 
 
 
 
 mjoydub  on  Princess Book Party 
 
 
 
 yeti9000  on  Greta's Bookshelf:… 
 
 
 
 Nina  on  Greta's Bookshelf:… 
 
 
 
 mjoydub  on  Moms Demand Action's coo… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Recent Tweets 
 
 RT @ meenaharris : things i’m still not over  https://t.co/oeMKyXuujr   4 hours ago 
 RT @ jamieleecurtis : OKAYYYYY I'll PLAY!  #Berniememes   https://t.co/wu5ctOBTwj   4 hours ago 
 @ TheLibraryStore  Yikes! I’m shivering just reading this tweet! 😱  4 hours ago 
 RT @ TheLibraryStore : Though Richard Ramirez's reign of terror was more than three decades ago, this story of human depravity and its influe…  4 hours ago 
 RT @ PeteButtigieg : Having my husband @ Chasten  by my side yesterday in a hearing room is something not seen before for a Cabinet nominee. An…  4 hours ago 
 Follow @TNRomero 
 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Albee Baby 
 Apple Store 
 At Home Dad 
 At Home Dads Convention 
 Criterion Collection 
 Internet Movie Database 
 Jamie Oliver 
 Make. See. Eat. Do. 
 Plan Toys 
 Planet Greta 
 Pottery Barn Kids 
 Skip*Hop 
 Sleeping Should Be Easy 
 Strand Books 
 The Land of Nod 
 The Library Store Blog 
 The Writer's Store 
 Writers Guild of America 
 
 
 
 Follow This Blog 
 
 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 26 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 Stay-at-home-Yeti  * totally random thoughts on movies, writing and the gleeful insanity of stay-at-home-fatherhood… 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
