Skip to content 
 
 Robyn Coburn Résumé Review 
 Start your career in film or theater production right 
 
 My Done-for-you Service 
 Find Work in Film 
 A Job in Theater 
 Career Advice 
 Film and Theater Jobs 
 Film Reviews 
 Books and resources 
 Interviews 
 Testimonials 
 Creativity Blast 
 Production Sound Mixer 
 About Me and Press 
 
 Press Kit 
 
 
 Contact Me 
 
 Work in Production Blog 
 Cold Calling for Production Jobs 
 April 30, 2014  RobynC 
 Photopin.com 
 I know. Cold calling is horrible. You feel like a telemarketer or an intruder. BUT the thing is that Production Offices expect to get these calls, and you could actually be doing them a big favor by calling because it saves them from having to search for someone. 
 Here is a very quick primer about making calls about production jobs. 
 Calling the Listed Production Company – which may be a Studio. 
 
 First do as much  research  as you can about the company and anyone in the listing. Don’t waste their time with questions about information that is readily available in the public record. This includes knowing which movies are shooting out of town or overseas. It is a waste of time for a new production assistant to call about a film shooting in Europe. 
 
 Your calls will have several purposes: 
 
 Fact Finding – the production office number, and who is the Production Coordinator (often not included in listings) or specific department head. 
 Relationship building – chances are you are calling early in the process and PA hiring has not yet begun. Or you could be following up after a networking event. 
 Securing an interview – either an invitation to send your résumé or following up after sending it in. 
 
 Here are the simple rules: 
 
 Always say your full name and immediately ask to whom you are speaking . Write that name down and keep it for your next call. 
 
 Use the person’s name  in your next sentence - which ideally should be informing them of the name of the person who referred you to the job. 
 If you are calling to speak to a specific person,  still  start with your name and asking to whom you are speaking,  still  use their name when you ask to speak to the specific person. 
 Example: 
 This Robyn Coburn. Who am I speaking to? (Unless they said it already when they answered – yay) 
 ==This is Sally. 
 Hi, Sally. Joe Smith from Wowie Post Production suggested I call to speak to Bill Brown about a PA position on “Your Big Movie”. Is he available? 
 
 Have practiced your sentences aloud a few times so that you avoid “um” etc. 
 Always have a pen and paper with you to make any notes. 
 Don’t call right at lunch time, or very close to the end of the day, unless you have been asked to do so. I suggest between 9.45 and 11.30am for your cold calls, early afternoon for your follow ups. 
 Don’t ask “yes” or “no” questions.  It’s too easy to say “no”. For example don’t say “is the production office open yet?” 
 Instead ask for the production office number and the name of the Production Coordinator. 
 
 When they say the prod’n office is not open yet, do make it clear that you will call back. Don’t say “when should I call?” because chances are they will give you a day too far in advance, and you’ll miss out. And anyway movies push all the time, delays are common and until the office actually has its phone line connected, anything can happen  . Instead tell the person on the phone that you will call back in X days (I like 10 actually) and say, “Will you be in the office then?” 
 Make sure that you follow up when you say you will. Say “Hi. This is [  your full name]  calling back. Last time I called I spoke to [NAME]. Is she/he available?” With any luck, the office person will realize that you are persistent, and will help you - if only to pass you on to the next person. 
 
 Always be personable, pleasant and brief. 
 
 If you learn or suspect that project has gone into Development Hell, from whence few scripts return, and having established a tenuous rapport, it is fine to say something like, “It sounds like it might be a while. Do you know of any other projects crewing up at the moment?” If you are lucky, the office person will know of something (and is glad to pass you along) and you are then in the wonderful position of being able to  use that person as a referrer. “[NAME] at the Big Production Company/Studio suggested that I call you about This Production.” 
 Calling the Production Office 
 
 Always ask for names –  of the person you are speaking to just as before, and the person doing the hiring. If you know the name from your research, AS YOU SHOULD, “I’m calling to double check the spelling on [NAME]”. Even Smith sometimes has an “e” or is spelled with a “y”. If it is truly obvious there may be an out like, “Does he prefer Bill or William?” The point is to avoid the following: 
 
 If you say “to whom should I address my résumé?”, unless you are looking for work with a specific department, chances are they will say “to Production”. This is why it is good to know the name of the PC or UPM. You may find a recorded message directing you to fax or email your résumé to the anonymous “Production”. Of course you would do as you are asked and make this the heading of your cover page: 
 
 To Production – Movie title 
 Fax number 
 Attn: The name of the PC or UPM, their title 
 
 It shows thoroughness and attention to detail. It cements your name and theirs together. Every little helps. 
 
 Good manners matter. Always thank people, by name, for their time. 
 
 Following Up on a Résumé. 
 My least favorite call! It’s tough to know exactly when to call. It might be too soon, they might be super busy and overwhelmed. 
 
 Don’t  say “I’m calling to follow up on my résumé.” The usual answer is “nothing yet”, “we’ll call you” or “we’re not hiring yet”. Often the person on the other end goes on to autopilot (less often if you have asked and used their name) and tells you to fax your rés to the office. (Sigh – “I already have sent it, but I can send another copy if it helps.”) 
 
 Instead have a different conversation (including if you end up on the answering machine): 
 
 “I’m calling to find out when [NAME] is scheduling the interviews for Production Assistants/Runners.” 
 
 This is helpfully specific. Remember they are fielding  possibly hundreds  of calls from people sending in résumés for every position other than department heads on the picture. At the very least you should find out when to call back again, and you might even be given a time to come in. 
 photopin.com 
 Suppose they have filled all their slots, or you didn’t get the gig after your interview. 
 
 Leave a good feeling behind. Stay friendly and don’t give up hope. Say something like this: 
 
 “Well shucks, I missed out. But I’d really appreciate it,  [name],  if you’d keep my PA résumé on file in case anything changes or you need day players.” 
 
 Never take anything personally . 
 
 If they are short with you, it may be that you called in the middle of a crisis. If you did a great interview but were not hired, perhaps someone with more experience or already known (or the producer’s nephew) came in. Perhaps it is a slow time and the competition was super fierce. Perhaps the budget or shoot was reduced so they need fewer people after all. 
 I know it’s tempting to want to ask why, and it would be great to get feedback to improve yourself. But chances are the person doing the rejection call isn’t the person making the decision, and it might cause tension that would cross you off the day player or waiting list. 
 
 Reread  my post about interview skill s, and don’t give up! 
 
 Need help with your résumé, cover letter or portfolio? Contact me below. 
 Name(required) 
 Email(required) 
 Website 
 Comment(required) 
 Submit 
 Share this: 
 
 Pinterest 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Tumblr 
 Email 
 Reddit 
 Twitter 
 Pocket 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Posted in:  Career Advice  Filed under:  career ,  cold calling ,  entry level ,  film production ,  good manners ,  interviews ,  job search ,  production assistant ,  production office ,  Résumés ,  telephones 
 Post navigation 
 <- Job Interview Tips for Film or Theater 
 Career Paths – So You Want to Direct. -> 
 Sign up for a FREE five part Step-by-Step mini-course - Write your ATS optimized Resume 
 Subscribe. Get neat stuff. 
 
 indicates required 
 
 Email Address * 
 First Name 
 Last Name 
 Email Format 
 
 html 
 text 
 
 Find what you're looking for 
 Search for: 
 Find Work In Film Blog 
 
 Job Hunting in a New Era  January 6, 2021 
 Foundation Principles when I write a Resume  October 22, 2020 
 What about those fancy resume templates that look like brochures?  October 3, 2020 
 Resource Round-Up  August 7, 2020 
 Safety guidelines for filming released  June 7, 2020 
 Interview - Assistant Director and educator, Diana Trejo  June 4, 2020 
 Job Hunting in tough times  May 5, 2020 
 
 Contact Me by Email - it's fastest this way 
 
 Find Jobs with Jooble 
 
 Like My Facebook Page for tons of resources 
 
 Like My Facebook Page for tons of resources 
 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
   More Free Info & Tips 
 
 Job Hunting in a New Era 
 Foundation Principles when I write a Resume 
 What about those fancy resume templates that look like brochures? 
 Resource Round-Up 
 Safety guidelines for filming released 
 Interview – Assistant Director and educator, Diana Trejo 
 Job Hunting in tough times 
 How to answer Process Questions 
 Where to find information about Pay Rates 
 Getting started as a Writer 
 
 Meta 
 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.org 
 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Copyright (C) 2021 Robyn Coburn Résumé Review -- Uptown Style WordPress theme by  GoDaddy 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
