Skip to content Menu 
 
 About this blog 
 Meet the bloggers 
 
 Student blogs from Karolinska Institutet 
 
 Tag: career opportunities 
 5 questions that usually don't get answered: MSc in Biomedicine edition 
 
 After finishing my two-year master's degree in Biomedicine, this blog will sadly be my last one. It feels surreal to end this blogging journey and also graduate at KI which I spoke in a previous blog. My final blog is going to be about the most common questions I receive from prospective students about the masters in…  Read More 5 questions that usually don't get answered: MSc in Biomedicine edition 
 September 30, 2020September 30, 2020   Sara Abu Ajamieh – Biomedicine (MSc) Leave a comment 
 Interviewing an MS​c in Biomedicine alumni: Startup, industry, or academia? 
 
 Now is the best time to explore different opportunities! You graduated, and you're starting the process of closing a chapter of your life. Some are taking it slowly while others already set their goals for a position in mind. I was discussing it with friends on the advantage of sharing previous Master's in Biomedicine alumni…  Read More Interviewing an MS​c in Biomedicine alumni: Startup, industry, or academia? 
 August 20, 2020August 20, 2020   Sara Abu Ajamieh – Biomedicine (MSc) 1 Comment 
 6 interesting facts about MSc in biomedicine 
 
 People mix up between biomedical science and biomedical engineering. In fact, they both have a common foundation of knowledge in biology. You get to understand the complexity of our human body. However, biomedicine has no physics in its field, and it focuses a lot on research. It prepares candidates for either continuing in academia (i.e. PhD)…  Read More 6 interesting facts about MSc in biomedicine 
 March 29, 2020March 29, 2020   Sara Abu Ajamieh – Biomedicine (MSc) Leave a comment 
 4 steps to score internships for university students 
 
 Summer is coming… 😎 You are either deciding on a holiday destination or maybe searching for an internship? Well, you came to the right place my dear reader. I am about to graduate soon since I just started my master's thesis but still haven't decided on what to do afterward. Nevertheless, I found internships before…  Read More 4 steps to score internships for university students 
 February 16, 2020March 1, 2020   Sara Abu Ajamieh – Biomedicine (MSc) 1 Comment 
 Career opportunities for Health Informatics graduates 
 
 Career opportunity is undeniably be one of the major aspects to consider when applying to a study programme. At the time I applied, I saw myself to become the clinical informaticians, but then I discovered the vast career options within health informatics. So let's start breaking them down. Career in industry Most of the health…  Read More Career opportunities for Health Informatics graduates 
 January 26, 2020   Winner Ng - Health Informatics Leave a comment 
 CHaSE your dream job! Career Fair 2017 
 
 Careers in Health and Science Exposition (CHaSE) is a career fair organized by Karolinska Institute’s Medical Student’s Association (Medicinska Föreningen), to bring students who are interested in pursuing a career in the health sector, outside academia- in Sweden or abroad - in contact with their possible future employers. Is CHaSE an event for me? If…  Read More CHaSE your dream job! Career Fair 2017 
 March 15, 2017March 15, 2017   Christina Neofytou | Master's in Biomedicine Leave a comment 
 The CHaSE 2017 event: Careers in Health and Science Exposition 
 
 Going into business is another option for people from the life sciences field, apart from staying in Academia. If you are thinking about making this step, this event will be of a lot of help for you! CHaSE (Careers in Health and Science Exposition) is a career fair organized for Bachelor's, Master's and PhD students,…  Read More The CHaSE 2017 event: Careers in Health and Science Exposition 
 February 1, 2017February 1, 2017   Laura Barceló - Biomedicine Master Leave a comment 
 The perks of also studying at KTH: THS Armada 
 
 One of the many advantages of being a student at three different universities is that you can enjoy aaaaaall (trust me, there are a lot!) the benefits for student’s life at each of them! As you might know, I am studying the Master's Programme Molecular Techniques in Life Science, which is a collaboration between Karolinska…  Read More The perks of also studying at KTH: THS Armada 
 December 23, 2016December 30, 2016   Carolina Savatier / Molecular Techniques in Life Sience Leave a comment 
 Important Tips to Improve Your LinkedIn Profile 
 Hello every one, As usual, LinkedIn training was organized by KI career service office recently. This is a summary of the points discussed in the training for those who were not able to attend it. I believe prospective students might also benefit a lot if they get a way to follow such campus events. Barry…  Read More Important Tips to Improve Your LinkedIn Profile 
 September 28, 2015September 29, 2015   Befikadu Legesse (HEPM) Leave a comment 
 Interview with a KI Alumni-II 
 Hello every one! With a main intention of giving some insight about KI alumni to prospective and current students, Nargis Rahimi was presented in my last blog. I am back with another alumni of HEPM (Niki Burns Ahl) as per my promise. I hope you will enjoy reading her responses as much as I did. What…  Read More Interview with a KI Alumni-II 
 April 30, 2015May 5, 2015   Befikadu Legesse (HEPM) 2 Comments 
 Posts navigation 
 Older posts 
 Search 
 Search for: 
 Programmes 
 
 Bioentrepreneurship 
 Biomedicine 
 
 Biomedicine (BSc) 
 Biomedicine (MSc) 
 
 
 Global Health 
 Health Economics, Policy and Management 
 Health Informatics 
 Molecular Techniques in Life Science 
 Nutrition Science 
 Public Health Sciences - Epidemiology 
 Public Health Sciences Health Promotion and Prevention 
 Toxicology 
 
 Student life 
 
 Academics 
 Accommodation 
 Application and admission 
 Campus guides and events 
 Career 
 Humans of KI 
 Life in Sweden 
 Living costs 
 Pre-arrival 
 Scholarships 
 Travelling 
 
 Our visitors 
 
 1,197,405 hits 
 
 Tags 
 #kistudents   bachelor programme   Campus Life at Solna   career opportunities   course review   food   International students KI   Life in Sweden   Master's thesis   research   Stockholm   Study in Sweden   Swedish Language   Thesis   Travels 
 Other blogs for prospective students 
 
 Karolinska Institutet Career Blog 
 Simon Peyda Moore (1989 - present) 
 Study in Sweden Blog — blogs.sweden.se 
 
 
 Bloggers 
 
   Inika Prasad - Biomedicine (BSc)   
   Tina Sayari- Bioentrepreneurship   
   Anne Flint - Health Informatics   
   Sara Abu Ajamieh - Biomedicine (MSc) 
   Winner Ng - Health Informatics 
   Julio Sosa- Health Economics, Policy and Management 
   Ines Rivero Garcia - Molecular Techniques in Life Science 
   Resthie Putri - Nutrition Science 
   Aleksandra Kanina - Public Health Sciences (Epidemiology) 
   Lauren Wiebe - Public Health Sciences (Health Promotion and Prevention) 
   Aline Colonnello - Toxicology 
 Instagram 
   Iida Tynkkynen - Health Economics, Policy and Management (MSc) 
   Marlene Rietz - Biomedicine (BSc) 
 Facebook 
   Tetiana Poliakova - Biomedicine (MSc) 
   Tinkara Vozel - Bioentrepreneurship 
 Youtube 
   Rahul Kanjilimadom - Health Economics, Policy and Management 
   Mariam Abdallah - Biomedicine (BSc) 
   Mireia Mateo - Bioentrepreneurship 
 Chinese Social Media 
   Yuyang Miao - Biomedicine (MSc)   
   Charles Zhang - Biomedicine (MSc) 
 
 Follow us on facebook 
 
 Follow us on facebook 
 
 Follow us on Youtube 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EyVku1nx-Zw 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
 Disadvantages of distance learning and how to tackle them 
 Top 10 Swedish traditions and celebrations 
 6 Steps to get a practice license in Sweden for a non-EU medical doctor 
 7 Swedish words that English speakers shouldn't be confused about 
 🌍 5 ways to help improve Global Health in your daily lives. 
 WFH (working from home) - How to make home office work for you 
 "En" and "Ett" 
 9 free online courses for introducing you to Health Informatics 
 Vreau să studiez în Suedia! De unde încep? 
 Is Sweden a nice place to live? Great and odd facts about this country 
 
 Social 
 
 View prospectivestudentKI's profile on Facebook 
 View @KIstudentblogs's profile on Twitter 
 View kistudents's profile on Instagram 
 LinkedIn 
 YouTube 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Karolinska Institutet Career Blog 
 An inside perspective on being a researcher and career advice 
 Simon Peyda Moore (1989 - present) 
 MSc in Biomedicine, Global Health, UX 
 Study in Sweden Blog — blogs.sweden.se 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Our Cookie Policy  
