Media Mining Digest 
 Curated knowledge for innovators 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 
 <- Media Mining Digest 222 – Feb 12, 2016: 3D Printer Plastic Concern, Agriculture in Kenya, AIDS and HIV Updated, Apple Company History, Artificial Intelligence, Assisted Living Research, Bernie Sanders, Biofluorescent Fish, Biomarkers, Black in Tech, Blindness and Depression, Bobcats, Brain Tumor Treatments, Caisson Work, Campus Assault Solutions, Campus Newcomers, Car Trends, Carbon Control in Sweden, Chromatography, Climate Activists, Climate Warming Worsens, Concussion Scandal, Copyright at MIT, Corporate Impact on Society, Cosby, Credit Card History, CRISPR, CSI unmasked, Dan Carlin, Data Collection by Smartphone, DDT, Dessicant Tolerant Seeds, Eating Disorders, Ebola Test, Emotional Stimuli, Future Industries, Gentrification, Graphene, Haitian Iguanas, Health Care Trends, Homeless Youth, Ice Trade, Indigenous People Murders, Internet History, Internet Porn, Investment Strategies, Kurdish People, Leonardo Di Vinci, Lobbyists, Loneliness Impact, Marijuana Laws, Megaliths of Avebury, Mosquito Control, Newspaper Consolidations, Nuclear Energy, Obesity Control, Oil Supply and Demand, Orthotic Nerve Impact, Peru, Peter Thiel of PayPal, Physician Burnout, Podcast Creation, Presentation Preparation, Prison Children, Rutherford's Legacy, Saudi Arabia Economy, Sleep Science, Startup Rules, Suicide Prevention, Syrian Aid from Students, System Dynamics, Terrorism, Twitter Harassment Trial, Unabomber Story, Water Recycling, Wildlife Corridors, Wired Kevin Kelly, Zika Virus Guide 
 Media Mining Digest 225 – Mar 4, 2016: Agriculture Water Issues, American Resilience, Apple vs FBI, Artificial Intelligence Misconceptions, Australia Broadcasting Corp, Bio Defense Meeting, Boda-Boda Boom Vehicle, Brain Repair, Canadian Weapons Diversion, Cell Phone Encryption, Central Bank Breakup, Chinese Military at Sea, Christian Persecution, Computer Coding, Cory Booker, Coyotes in New Hampshire, Cuban Commerce, Cultural Difference, Dementia Research, Digital Conflict Needs, DIY Finance, Drinking in America, Drug Delivery Breakthrough, Economic Growth Model Change, Egyptian Revolution Social Media, Energy Strategies by Bill Gates, Female Genital Mutilation, Firefighter Salaries, Food Fraud, Foods for Infants, Freelance Writing, Gospel Music, Guantanamo Closing, Health Care Fraud, Heroin, Hydro Electric Power Issues, Industries of the Future, Infectious Disease Specialist, Infrastructure Book, Innovation in Publishing, Internet Startup PR, Investing Diversification, ISIS Hostage Story, Maggie Smith Interview, Mass Extinctions, Medical Marijuana in Utah, Mein Kampf, Microbiology History, Middle East Book, Migrant Health, Money Defined, Neanderthal, Newspaper Trends, Pandemics, Physical Therapist, Police Violence, Predictive Policing, Profession Futures, Psilocybin Research, Refugees, Right-to-Die Children, Robot Uses, Sao Paulo Fights Drought, Scalia, Social Media Teen Stars, Solar Power War, Street Harassment Solution, Supreme Court Explained, Syrian War, TB Test Improvement, The Green Book, Unemployment History, Water Pipe Protection, World Food Program, Zika Virus Publicity -> 
 Media Mining Digest 224 – Feb 26, 2016: 3D Printing Overview, AAAS Conference, Acting Jobs, Addicted Doctor, Admiral Rickover, Anthropocene Age, Arizona Immigrant Decline, Australia Coal Mine, Autism Solutions, Bernie Sanders, Boko Haram, Business Security, Career Prospects, Cell Phone Encryption, Clinical Test Result Disposition, Columbine Shooter Mom, Drug Cartel Operations, Education Choices Index, Friendship, Gender Pay Gap, Genius, George Shultz, Global Economics, Golden Gate Bride Controversy, Gravity Waves, Guide Dog Story, Handwriting Trends, Hearing Loss, Human Evolution, Hungarian Engineer, Indonesian Forest Fires, Inflatable Tires, Infrastructure Decline, Innovative Engineering, Inuits in Zoos, iPhone Access, Irrational Decision Making, ISIS Requires Boots on the Ground, Islam Background, Koch Brothers Politics, Lasers, Layers, Lead Hazards, Legal Tech for Lawyers, Libya Status, Listening as an Art, Mass Shooter Case Study, Mating Issues, Medical Reversals Problem, Microcephaly, Migration Status in Europe, Military Technology, Mind-Machine Link, Minimalists, Mosquito Control, Night Vale Skating Rink, Paul Nurse, Pencil Production, Polar Ice Melt, Psychiatry in Africa, REAL ID Act, Refugees, Robert Hooke, Scalia, Scorpion Computer Services, Securing Global Cities, Shooting Victim, Siege of Leningrad, Speech Neurology, Taste Perception Studies, TMZ Celebrity News Site, Traumatic Brain Injury, Trevor Noah, Trump Business Record, Turkey Red Dye, Utopian Projects, Violent Crime Trends, Warfare Morality, Windpipe Transplants Scandal 
 Posted on  February 26, 2016  by  virginiajim 
 The best 91 podcasts from a larger group of 224 for the week are shown below. Double or ctrl-click individual highlighted titles to get single podcasts and explore the source, although it’s easier to get all of them as a zip file  here  for the next four months. A collection of over 8000 similar podcasts grouped by topic can be downloaded  here ,  but you will be limited to a 4GB maximum per download, so twelve of those will be needed to get all files, which total over 45GB and will take awhile. The first entry of that collection is a text file listing all the titles for quick searches and researching. All these abstracts have also been assembled alphabetically in three free large volumes at this  link  and are updated quarterly. Even more diversity is possible using a podcast aggregator loaded with this  opml  file of 280 sources so even the discarded podcasts can be downloaded. 
 3D Printing Overview  24 mins - “The 3D printer first appeared decades ago and yet there is much delight, glee and anticipation over what it can do and is doing. Today The Current looks at at the ripple effect of a technology that has slowly, steadily, created a rapid revolution.” At the link find the title, “3D printing technology changes manufacturing processes from cars to kidneys,” right-click “Media files current_20160218_86253.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 AAAS Conference  18 mins - “  Scientific American  editors Mark Fischetti, Dina Maron and Seth Fletcher talk about the info they picked up at the just-concluded annual meeting of the American Association for the Advancement of Science in Washington, D.C. Subjects covered include gravitational waves, whether there's really a war on science, the growing concern over Zika virus, sea level rise and advances in artificial intelligence” At the link find the title, “From AI to Zika: AAAS Conference Highlights,” right-click “Media files podcast.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Acting Jobs  44 mins - “Before Maz Jobrani was a panelist on  Wait Wait Don’t Tell Me  , he was an actor trying to get a break. Today, the Iranian-born comedian talks about being typecast as a terrorist. And like Maz, many Hollywood hopefuls get their start as extras, making less than minimum wage. We’ll hear about an elite group who have made blending into the background a lucrative career.” At the link right-click the play button beside “Listen” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Addicted Doctor  24 mins - “…Take Peter Grinspoon’s word for it. The Harvard-trained physician spent years abusing painkillers, infatuated with the feeling of euphoria that he got from the drugs. …Then one day, when Grinspoon was 39, he got caught. By now he was taking up to 12 of 14 pills a day. He’d been writing bogus prescriptions, and eventually, a local pharmacist caught on. Grinspoon’s recovery would be difficult. His addiction had broken up his marriage and jeopardized his career. He relapsed more than once after his first three-month stint in a rehabilitation center. …With the support of his brothers, and the motivation of being reunited with his children, Grinspoon has been sober for more than a decade. He’s back at work, and doesn’t prescribe pills in the same way he did before. He channeled his journey into a book, “Free Refills,” a memoir of his addiction and recovery….” At the link find the title, “A Doctor’s Love Affair with Vicodin,” right-click “Media files onlyhuman021616_cms574831_pod.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 A   dmiral Rickover  73 mins - “Metallurgical engineer Paul Cantonwine shares insights into the life and career of Admiral H. G. Rickover in this biographical episode of The Engineering Commons podcast.” At the link right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Anthropocene Age  22 mins - “This month we discuss  Adventures in the Anthropocene: a journey to the heart of the planet we made  by Gaia Vince. Geologists categorise time in ages, periods, eras and epochs. For the last 12 000 years, humans have been living in the the Holocene epoch, but now humanity is having such a significant impact on the planet that geologists are coming to a consensus that the Holocene has ended and we are entering a new epoch. This new epoch has been dubbed the Anthropocene, or the age of humans. This change is being driven by our rapid altering of the oceans, the atmosphere, our rivers and indeed every habitat. Gaia Vince went on a journey around the world to see how people are being affected by these rapid changes, and how communities and nations are responding.” At the link right-click “Download: Chemistry World Book Club - Adventures in the Anthropocene.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Arizona Immigrant Decline  46 mins - “Lots of talk about building a wall in the Republican presidential primary. And from Donald Trump and sometimes more, about shipping out undocumented workers. By the millions. What would the American economy look like if that came to pass? “Get tough” Arizona may tell us. Undocumented worker numbers are down 40 percent in Arizona. How has that worked out? This hour On Point, the Arizona story. When undocumented workers go away.” At the link right-click “Download this story” and select “Save link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Australian Coal Mine  17 mins - “There are crazy projects, and then there are plans so dangerous we can't believe any government or corporation would do it. Here is one of those. In Australia, just before Christmas, the  government announced approval of a mega-coal shipping terminal  just a few kilometers from the World Heritage Great Barrier reef. Australia is busy expanding production with absolutely giant mines, to ship more climate-wrecking coal to India. What could go wrong?” At the link right-click “Lo-Fi” below the Ellen Roberts title and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Autism Solutions  74 mins - “There’s a new face of leadership in health, and it’s being spearheaded by engaged and informed women with chronically ill kids. Learn from the direct experiences of three moms who have successfully healed their complex-needs children—and are leading a movement to teach and empower parents to adapt the best and most useful modalities in recovering our children, and the entire family.” At the link right-click “Play Now” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Bernie Sanders ' Socialism  28 mins - “Bernie Sanders' bid for the Democratic presidential nomination is peppered with the unapologetic declaration that he a socialist. It is creating real debate inside the party, generating gratitude among long-time socialists and incredulity among others.” At the link find the title, “Bernie's Sanders's socialist revolution is a sham, says author Chris Hedges,” right-click “Media files current_20160217_79529.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 B   oko Haram in Nigeria  27 mins - “Two months ago the government of Nigeria announced a technical victory over Boko Haram. But if they've won the war, they are still in the battle as the brutal extremist insurgency shifts tactics and uses children to terrorize communities.” At the link find the title, “Boko Haram uses young girls as suicide bombers in Nigeria attacks,” right-click “Media files current_20160216_45798.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Business Security  66 mins - “…As the president and deputy CEO of Willis Towers Watson, the world’s oldest insurance broker (dating back to 1828), Dominic Casserley is in a position to understand risk and how to minimize it, particularly in the digital world… With these advances, cyber terrorism and warfare will find new targets in critical infrastructures, business intangible assets will become channels for economic espionage, human capital will be challenged, and a failure to maintain confidence in digital security privacy could cause a rejection of technology—all of which have the potential to retard economic growth. Beyond the technological innovations aimed at preventing or disrupting hackers, the responsibility to address these challenges lie with various stakeholders, including government, risk advisors, security experts and human capital experts and the insurance industry that have long helped companies identify, quantify and mitigate business risks. Join us as Casserley discusses how digitization creates risks and opportunities for individuals and businesses, and how together people can mitigate the risks to preserve growth….” At the link right-click “Play Now” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 C   areer Prospects  69 mins - “When it comes to the world of work, there is “disruptive innovation” and then there are those who find their jobs or careers disrupted. Join our panel of experts for a provocative and holistic look at how work in America has changed in the past decade; what lies ahead; and how cities like San Francisco are dealing with the wide disparities in work and wealth.” At the link right-click “Play Now” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Cell Phone Encryption  20 mins - “The FBI wants access to encrypted contents on Syed Farook's iPhone, one of the San Bernardino killers. Apple is refusing to comply saying: to create a backdoor for one investigation would mean the door would never be closed again for anyone.” At the link find the title, “Apple and FBI encryption battle pits privacy against security,” right-click “Media files current_20160219_16229.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu 
 Clinical Test Result Disposition  58 mins - “Alan Wu, Ph.D., Director, Clinical Chemistry, Toxicology and Pharmacogenomics Laboratories, San Francisco General Hospital; Professor, Laboratory Medicine, UCSF; Author, Toxicology! Because What You Don't Know Can Kill You and The Hidden Assassin: When Clinical Lab Tests Go Awry While we’ve changed what we put into our bodies, we have not been engaged with what is being done to our bodies. Roughly 70 percent of all medical decisions are based on clinical lab test results, yet we don’t know what medical tests are ordered or how results are interpreted. For 30 years, Dr. Alan Wu has conducted blood tests for patients and has written four paperbacks based on real cases, and he believes that an informed individual makes the best patient.” At the link right-click “Play Now” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Columbine Shooter Mom  49 mins - “Columbine Shooter's Mother Reckons With Guilt And Loss. 17 years ago Dylan Klebold and Eric Harris went on a shooting rampage at Columbine High School, killing 13 people and injuring 24. Dylan's mother, Sue Klebold, has written a memoir recounting the massacre and her experience "living in the aftermath of tragedy." At the link find the title, “Columbine Shooter's Mother Reckons With Guilt And Loss,” right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Drug Cartel Operation  46 mins - “As a business reporter in Mexico, Tom Wainwright noticed that the business models of the drug cartels are similar to those of big-box stores and franchises. His new book is 'Narconomics.' Ken Tucker reviews 'Wild Stab' by the I Don't Cares.” At the link find the title, “How To Run A Drug Cartel,” right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Education Choice   s Index  63 mins - “School districts across America are transitioning from the traditional model of assigning students to a school based on their residential address to a system that allows families a choice of schools. Depending on the district, families can choose public charter schools, affordable private schools, magnet schools, virtual schools, or regular public schools in which enrollment is based on parental preference rather than zip code. Districts differ in which of these options is available, the ease with which parents can exercise the choices available to them, and the degree to which the choice system results in greater access to quality schools. On February 4, the Center on Children and Families at Brookings released the annual  Education Choice and Competition Index  (ECCI) in order to shine light on those distinctions and provide a ranking of the performance of the nation’s 100 largest school districts. The fifth iteration of the ECCI, which chronicles how school choice is progressing, was presented at this event, with a keynote address from Mayor Michael Hancock of Denver, the highest scoring large school district.” At the link right-click “Download (Help)” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Friendship  57 mins - “In her debut episode, Lena explores the grand and complicated world of friendship. Guests include Emma Stone, Ashley Ford, Todd Oldham, Amy Sedaris, and many more.” At the link click “Download” and select “OK” from the pop-up menu. 
 Gender Pay Gap  49 mins - “Women on average in the United States earn 79 cents for every dollar paid to men, according to U.S. census data. Two years ago, the Obama administration sought to close this gap by requiring all federal contractors to submit salary data by gender and race. The White House is now proposing collecting similar information from all companies with at least 100 employees. State legislators nationwide have also introduced new pay-equity legislation. Some business leaders and economists say this will be a burden to companies and won’t fix the pay gap. Guest host Maria Hinojosa and a panel of guests discuss new efforts to close the gender pay gap.” (4 guests) At the link you can listen, but not download; however, a copy is included in the blog archive. 
 Genius Clusters  26 mins - “Noted travel writer Eric Weiner says, if you really want to predict genius it might be best to stop looking at the stars and find a map because genius is more about place than parentage. He takes us through "The Geography of Genius" to explain.” At the link find the title, “Genius linked to geography more than genes, says author Eric Weiner - Feb. 3, 2016 (2/3),” right-click “Media files current_20160203_21870.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Genius Geography  59 mins - “On the show this week we talk to bestselling author Eric Weiner about his latest book The Geography of Genius: A Search for the World's Most Creative Places from Ancient Athens to Silicon Valley.” At the link find the title, “120 Eric Weiner - The Geography of Genius, Feb, 2016” right-click “Media files a74e9656-e500-4015-a7fb-ae17fbe058ca.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 George Shultz Interview  35 mins - “Secretary Shultz talks about his time in the Reagan White House, from negotiations with Andrey Gromyko to the meetings between Reagan and Gorbachev in Reykjavik. It’s a fascinating recount of the Reagan years through Shultz’s eyes, ending with what he believes are important characteristics for any future president and leader to have.” At the link find the title, “A Conversation with Former Secretary of State George Shultz,” right-click “Media files 20160125.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Global Economics  47 mins - “Mohamed El-Erian has overseen the investment of billions, trillons of dollars. Now he’s looking out on the global economy and sees trouble. Since the crash of ’08, central banks like the Fed have propped things up. Political leaders have failed to lead on underlying problems. And soon, says El-Erian, things are going to have to be really fixed or fall apart. Infrastructure, inequality, education. Fix them or watch out, he says. This hour On Point: Mohamed El-Erain on the road ahead right now.” At the link right-click “Download this story” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Golden Gate Bridge Construction  46 mins - “The Golden Gate Bridge was a stupendous feat of engineering and design. Relying on their own words, which he recorded years ago, Schwartz takes us deep into the details of the men who built it, and the conditions they worked (and died) under to complete it. He also explores the role of nurses who treated the injured and what is required of the craftsmen and women who maintain this iconic San Francisco landmark. Everyone wonders who built the pyramids and how they did it. Schwartz tells the equally fascinating story of who and how for the Bay Area's not quite as ancient but nearly as famous bridge.” At the link right-click “Play Now” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 G   oogle Books Controversy  47 mins - “In his written  opinion  affirming an earlier find that Google’s book scanning project was “fair use” under U.S. copyright law, Judge Pierre Laval did more – and also less – than hand the search engine giant a win in court, notes attorney Lois Wasoff. As Wasoff explained during a Copyright Clearance Center-sponsored  special webinar  last week updating publishers and authors on the latest news in the so-called  Google Books Case , the ruling was  more  than just a win for Google because Laval expanded our understanding of what makes a “transformative use” of copyrighted material; indeed, Laval emphasizes the transformative purpose of Google’s scanning over its use. And it was also  less  than a win for Google because the finding on the facts may severely limit the decision’s implications for any future scanning efforts.…” At the link right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 G   ravity Waves  13 mins -”Following decades of work, and input from physicists from around the globe, gravitational waves have finally been detected. Until now, electromagnetic radiation was the only medium through which astronomers could observe the universe. Now there is another way, akin to the addition of another sense, using gravitational waves. The waveforms have been detected emanating from binary coalescing black holes. The waves reveal the distance of the source, the masses of the two black holes, and spin and mass of the final black hole. As David Blair explains, this discovery confirms the existence of black holes, as predicted by Einstein. It comes following an international collaboration including the work of 56 Australian scientists.” At the link right-click “Download audio” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Gravity Waves  16 mins - “  Scientific American  's Josh Fischman talks with renowned astrophysicist and general relativity expert Kip Thorne about the discovery of gravitational waves by the LIGO Project, co-founded by Thorne “ At the link find the title, “Gravitational Waves Found: Kip Thorne Explains,” right-click the down-pointing arrow and select “Save Link As from the pop-up menu. 
 Gravity Waves  47 mins - “Einstein’s general theory of relativity confirmed. We’ll weigh the first evidence of gravitational waves, and what it may mean. First word came last week from the National Science Foundation, telling the world to stand by for a major scientific announcement. Not many get a drum roll like that. And then it came: word of the first direct evidence of gravitational waves in the universe. All around us. Ripples in space and time posited by Albert Einstein a century ago. Signals – chirps – of a beat to the cosmos. What does it mean?” At the link right-click “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Gravity Waves  7 mins - “Einstein's prediction was right: gravitational waves do exist. Scientists at the LIGO collaboration reported their discovery yesterday in Washington, DC. Reporters Adam Levy and Alexandra Witze take stock.” At the link find the title, “Nature Extra: Gravitational waves,” right-click “Media files media.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Guide Dog   Story  60 mins - “Susan Krieger, Sociologist, Stanford University; Author, Come, Let Me Guide You This is a Good Lit event, underwritten by the Bernard Osher Foundation. Come, Let Me Guide You is an invaluable contribution to the literature on human-animal communication and on the guide-dog-human experience, as well as to disability and feminist ethnographic studies. It shows how a relationship with a guide dog is unique among bonds, for it rests upon highly regulated connections yet touches deep emotional chords. For Krieger, those chords have resulted in these memorable stories, often humorous and playful, always instructive, and generative of broader insight.” At the link right-click “Play Now” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Guide Dogs in Temple  20 mins - “Amit Patel took his guide dog to the UK's largest Hindu temple for Diwali, but ran into problems. He explains why to Peter White. And the RNIB comes into the studio to talk about the consultation on Personal Independence Payments.” At the link right-click “Download MLP3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 H   andwriting Trends  41 mins - “The digital age is making pen and paper seem obsolete. But what are we giving up if we give up on handwriting?” At the link find the title, “Who Needs Handwriting?,” right-click “Media files freakonomics podcast021016.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Hearing Loss  28 mins - “Jay Alan Zimmerman discovered he was losing his hearing when he was in his early 20s, trying to make it as a musician on Broadway in New York. As his hearing worsened, Jay considered other professions, but ultimately he couldn't imagine a life without music. Recently, Jay found out about some experimental medical research that could make it possible for him to get his hearing back. In the late 1980s, researchers discovered that chickens could do something unexpected: if their hearing is damaged, they can regenerate the ability to hear again. Since then, scientists have been trying to figure out how the process works and if the same kind of regeneration might be possible in humans. Now, the very first clinical trials are underway to regenerate the damaged hair cells in people with hearing loss. Jay has to decide if he wants to be a part of the experimental phase of this new treatment, or if the potential risks are too great. Meanwhile, he's found ways to keep composing with the little bit of hearing he has left…. “ At the link find the title, “A Deaf Composer Holds Out for Science,” right-click “Media files onlyhuman110315_cms542915_pod.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Human Evolution  63 mins - “Joseph Henrich, Co-Director of the Human Evolution, Cognition and Culture Center, Department of Human Evolutionary Biology, Harvard University; Author, The Secret of Our Success: How Culture Is Driving Human Evolution, Domesticating Our Species, and Making Us Smarter Colleen Wilcox, Member of The Commonwealth Club Board of Governors—Moderator Humans are a puzzling species. On the one hand, we struggle to survive on our own in the wild. On the other hand, humans have produced innovative technologies, sophisticated languages, and complex institutions. Henrich explores how our cultural and social development produces a collective intelligence that explains both our success and our uniqueness.” At the link right-click “Play Now” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 H   ungarian Engineer  29 mins - “The true, but stranger than fiction life story of Paul Weidlinger, characterized as “ The Restless Hungarian ”, is the topic of this edition of Radio Curious. At age 25 Weidlinger , who hid his Jewish roots in plain view, fled to Bolivia to escape the Holocaust. Five years later he resettled in the United States and became one of the most important and creative structural engineers of the 20th Century. “The Restless Hungarian” is a book and a feature-length documentary about to be the 30th movie written and produced by  Tom Weidlinger , Paul Weidlinger’s son. The story is set against the larger canvas of the Hungarian Jewish Diaspora, and reflects the experiences of so many immigrants who made a name for themselves in America after World War II. The  Beaconreader , which funds journalism projects around the world is currently hosting a  crowd source fund for “The Restless Hungarian”.  When award winning film-maker  Tom Weidlinger, a previous Radio Curious guest,  and I visited by phone on January 9, 2016, we began when I asked to explain how the life experience of his father Paul Weidlinger is relevant today.” At the link right-click “…click here….” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Indonesia Forest Fires  7 mins -”Global analysis of deaths from landscape fires has revealed in excess of 100,000 deaths can be attributed to the Indonesian forest fires of 1997. The fires of 2015 were bigger. As Fay Johnston explains, smoke and haze is a problem similar to the release of greenhouse gases. Those who produce the gases don’t necessarily suffer the consequences. Despite the existence of international agreements on smoke haze which drifts across borders, Fay Johnston says the management of smoke and haze remains a great challenge.” At the link right-click”Download audio” and select”Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Inflatable Tires  4 mins - “The wheel is rightly touted as one of the great leaps of human imagination. But for those of us who drive cars or ride buses to work, it’s not just the wheel, but the inflatable tire that we rely on. Invention of the inflatable tire is often credited to Scottish veterinarian John Boyd Dunlop as he watched his young son bump along roads on his tricycle. Wrapping the solid rubber tires with glued rubber sheets and filling the cavity with air gave a more comfortable ride. Dunlop patented the idea and in 1889 convinced cyclist Willie Hume to use them in competition. Not only were the tires more comfortable, they proved an overwhelming success as the little-appreciated Hume pedaled to victory after victory in Northern Ireland….” At the link right-click “Click here for audio…” and select “Save link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 I   nfrastructure Decline  43 mins - “America’s transportation infrastructure is crumbling. The scorecards for our roads and bridges have been dire over decades. This puts our country’s economic health in grave danger, according to civil engineer and historian Henry Petroski. In a new book, he highlights the challenges involved in making and funding infrastructure decisions, from major undertakings like our interstates, to small details like the fonts of our road signs…and explains why it’s not only up to Washington to point us in the right direction, but also states and individuals. The history and future of America’s infrastructure, and an urgent call to action.”  At the link you can listen, but not download' however, a copy is included in the blog archive. 
 Innovative Engineering  28 mins - “Climate scientists take to the streets by Ian Woolf, Rowan Braham talks about Innovation Engineering at Laing O'Rourke.” At the link right-click “download MP3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Inuits in Zoos  25 mins - ”Abraham Ulrikab was on display across Europe in a travelling exhibition. He and seven others from an Inuit community in Labrador were shipped to Germany in the late 1800s. The Current speaks with an Inuit Elder who wants to bring their remains home.” At the link find the title, “Diary preserves story of Inuit trapped in European 'human zoos', Feb 2016” right-click “Media files current_20160211_61858.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 iPhone Access  143 mins - “Leo Laporte, Jeff Jarvis, and Mathew Ingram are joined by Steve Gibson to discuss the potential risks of a Federal Judge ordering Apple to assist in the unlocking of a terrorist suspect's iPhone. They also talk about Tim Cook's public response, Twitter changes, Giphy's value, and more…” At the link click “Download Options,” then right-click “Audio” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Irrational Decision Making  20 mins - “The latest in the series of podcasts on scholarly publication and copyright is an interview with  Dan Ariely  , who was Alfred P. Sloan Professor of Behavioral Economics here at MIT, until very recently, when he moved to Duke University, where he is now James B. Duke Professor of Behavioral Economics. Professor Ariely recently published the best-selling book  Predictably Irrational: The Hidden Forces that Shape our Decisions  , in which he undermines any notion we might have that humans make “rational” decisions. His book reports on his research showing that emotions, context, social norms, and related factors drive our decisions – and that we are irrational in predictable ways. In the podcast, Professor Ariely speaks with us about how market and social norms intersect with authors’ decision-making in an evolving system of scholarly communication and publishing. He discusses reward systems, the importance of building an accessible community of knowledge, and the need to lower barriers for information sharing.” At the link right-click “Download the audio file.” and select “Save link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 ISIS Requires Boots on the Ground  61 mins -”Enough is enough. … no one seriously believes that the war against Isis can be won from the air alone or by using existing local forces. But a judicious and limited use of Western ground forces could crush Isis in its vital nerve centres, after which local troops trained up by the West would take over security, and a political and diplomatic process to find a long-term solution for the region would begin in earnest. But to others such as Ken Livingstone, who took on Gen. Allen in this debate, such a move would be to fall into a trap. Isis wants to entangle the West in another war that will boost its drive to recruit jihadists across the Muslim world…. Will deploying Western ground troops diminish the pernicious threat of Isis? Or play into the organisation’s hands by encouraging more jihadis to sign up to its violent creed? Speaking for the motion in this Intelligence Squared debate from February 2016 were President Obama’s former special envoy for the global coalition to fight Isis General John Allen, and Associate Director at The Henry Jackson Society Douglas Murray. Speaking against the motion were Foreign policy analyst for MSNBC, journalist, and author Rula Jebreal and former Mayor of London and current co-convenor of Labour’s foreign policy review Ken Livingstone. The debate was chaired by BBC World News presenter Nik Gowing.” At the link click “Download,” then select “OK” from the pop-up menu. 
 Islam Background  53 mins - “Our lecture this week is presented by the Boston University Institute for Philosophy and Religion, and the Boston University Center for the Humanities. Our speaker is Charles Kimball, Presidential Professor and Director of Religious Studies at the University of Oklahoma. Professor Kimball’s lecture is titled “  Faith, Doubt, and the Future of Islam .” At the link right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Koch Brothers Politics  26 mins - “Investigative journalist Jane Mayer followed a money trail through some of the most powerful corporations in America. As she learned more, one corporation began to follow her. Jane Mayer joins us to talk about the billionaires behind the radical right.” At the link find the title, “Journalist Jane Mayer follows money trail to billionaires behind radical right,” right-click “Media files current_20160216_53727.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Lasers Overview  76 mins - “In this episode we cover the fundamentals of lasers with our guest, Fabian Reichert, who works at the  Center for Free Electron Lasers  at  DESY  in Hamburg. We cover various ways of how laser beams are produced and what distinguishes lasers from other light sources. We also cover a few application areas of lasers as well as techniques for pulsing lasers.” At the link right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Lawyer Efficiency  24 mins - “Sharon Nelson and Jim Calloway interview Allison Shields, co-author of “How to Do More in Less Time: The Complete Guide to Improving Your Productivity and Increasing Your Bottom Line.” Allison discusses why she wrote the book, productivity mistakes lawyers often make, and specific suggestions she has for increasing time efficiency.” At the link right-click the down-pointing arrow and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 L   awyer   Marketing  27 mins - “You may have noticed that some lawyers are often quoted in the press. They might have a practice that naturally garners attention, or perhaps they are great at explaining complex issues succinctly and have a good camera presence. Or it could just be that they’re known for returning phone calls and emails in a timely manner. Reaching out to the media can be helpful–or harmful–to your clients. What are the best ways to approach reporters when you’re looking for a media spotlight? How can you provide reporters with useful information, in a way that also promotes you and your clients in a positive light? In this month’s Asked and Answered, the ABA Journal’s Stephanie Francis Ward discusses how lawyers can best approach the media when they’d like some press. This month’s guest is Vivia Chen, a senior columnist with the American Lawyer. ” At the link right-click the down-pointing arrow and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 L   ead Hazards  43 mins - “Michigan’s governor, Rick Snyder, vows he’ll do what it takes to make sure the tap water in Flint, Michigan is safe again. He proposes spending close to $200 million dollars on bottled water, filters, infrastructure improvements, and other programs to help the beleaguered residents of Flint. People there were drinking, bathing and cooking with water contaminated with lead for more than a year before state officials acknowledged the problem. The crisis in Flint has prompted officials in a number of other cities to take a closer look into the safety of their tap water. Join us to talk about water safety.” At the link you can listen, but not download' however, a copy is included in the blog archive. 
 Lead in Water  47 mins - “The lead in the water in Flint, Michigan is appalling, frightening. The whole country’s finally focused on it. But the fact is, there are serious lead threats, problems, all over this country. And no small number – maybe in your community – are worse than Flint’s. Lead can cut IQ, retard development, breed behavioral problems, even crime. And very often, we just let it flow. This hour On Point, the map of America by lead problems, way beyond Flint. And what to do about it.” At the link right-click “Download this story” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Legal Tech for Lawyers  26 mins - “There are a multitude of technology options to help run small firms and solo practices, but deciding on which ones can be a daunting endeavor. Mac vs. PC, practice management systems, and encryption of client data are among numerous issues attorneys must resolve. On this episode of The Digital Edge, hosts  Sharon Nelson  and  Jim Calloway  interview John Simek from Sensei Enterprises. Together, they discuss modern innovations that make running firms easier and keep client data safe. Tune in to learn more about meta data, benefits of paperless, and John’s favorite software tools.” At the link right-click the down-pointing arrow at the end of the sound bar and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Libya Status  26 mins - “In the years since Western powers helped topple Muammar Gaddafi, Libya has descended into crisis. As the Islamic State gains a foothold, countries including Canada are talking seriously about the potential for another military intervention in Libya.” At the link find the title, “ISIS gains in Libya raise risk of failed state, deepen civil war - Feb. 5, 2016 (2/3),” right-click “Media files current_20160205_26967.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 L   istening as an Art  42 mins - “The Sacred Art of Listening (2015-08-05) - Deep listening - the kind of listening that brings intimacy and understanding—takes intentional practice. This talk looks at the societal and inner obstacles to an undistracted presence, and the mindfulness strategies that nourish our capacity to listen in a way that heals and connects.” At the link right-click beside “Direct download: 2015-08-05-The-Sacred-Art-of-Listening-TaraBrach.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Mass Shooter Case Study  56 mins - “An audio version of FRONTLINE's documentary "Raising Adam Lanza" airing February 19 on PBS and available for viewing online at pbs.org/frontline. In the wake of the mass killings at Sandy Hook Elementary School, FRONTLINE investigates a young man and the town he changed forever. Adam Lanza left behind a trail of death and destruction, but little else. He left no known friends, no diary. He destroyed his computer and any evidence it might have provided. His motives, and his life, remain largely a mystery. In collaboration with The Hartford Courant, FRONTLINE looks for answers to the central-and so far elusive-question: who was Adam Lanza? Also this hour: In the aftermath of the tragedy, President Obama called for a national conversation about guns in America. Nowhere is that conversation more intense than in Newtown, where FRONTLINE finds a town divided and explores how those closest to the tragedy are now wrestling with our nation's gun culture and laws.” At the link find the title, “Raising Adam Lanza,” right-click “Media files 82214735-frontlinepbs-raising-adam-lanza.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Mating Issues  57 mins -”The Naked Scientists have turned the lights down low for a stimulating odyssey through the science of dating and romance, including; which chat-up lines are most likely to get you talking, what statistics can tell us about our sex lives and lessons in love from the animal kingdom.” At the link right-click “Download as mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 M   edical Reversal   s   Problem  65 mins - “Why do so many medical practices that begin with such promise and confidence turn out to be either ineffective at best or harmful at worst? Adam Cifu of the University of Chicago's School of Medicine and co-author (with Vinayak Prasad) of Ending Medical Reversal explores this question with EconTalk host Russ Roberts. Cifu shows that medical reversal-the discovery that prescribed medical practices are ineffective or harmful-is distressingly common. He contrasts the different types of evidence that support or discourage various medical practices and discusses the cultural challenges doctors face in turning away from techniques they have used for many years.” At the link right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Microcephaly  8 mins - “The most widely accepted hypothesis is that Zika is responsible for at least some of the cases of the severe birth defect. It’s a plausible one, given what we know about the geography and timing of the stark rise in reported cases of microcephaly, as well as what we know about viruses —  some others have been definitively linked with the condition . But the Zika link is still unproven, and wouldn’t account for all the reported cases even if it were, leaving lots of room for alternate theories, however far-fetched. One circulating widely in Brazil blames the rash of microcephaly reports on vaccines. Another  claims  that the real culprit isn't mosquitos carrying Zika, but the pesticides used to control those mosquitos….” At the link right-click the down-pointing arrow and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 M   igration Status in Europe  78 mins - “As the migration crisis in Europe continues unabated and a deepening crisis in Syria unfolds, European policymakers are struggling to come to terms with two of the most urgent elements: making certain that 2016 is not just a repetition of 2015 (or worse) and finding the key to incorporating those among the 1.5 million migrants who will be allowed to stay (whether under some form of protection or simply because EU Member States find deportations “difficult”). Freshly returned from several months working on the crisis from MPI Europe’s offices in Brussels, Demetrios G. Papademetriou provides a briefing on how the policy response to the crisis has unfolded at EU and national levels, and sketches an affirmative vision for what the short-, mid-, and long-term responses must be if Europe is to respond more effectively to the crisis and tackle the longer-term integration challenges.” At the link right-click “Download(Loading)” and select 'Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 M   ilitary Technology  60 mins - “Since becoming secretary of defense in 2015, Ash Carter has embarked on efforts to better foster innovation and attract the nation’s top talent to the Department of Defense. Specific initiatives have included overtures to Silicon Valley, a Pentagon branch of the U.S. Digital Service, and more opportunities to learn from private industry. While broad in their scope, these programs could eventually help the department better develop and deploy the most advanced technology possible: unmanned systems, directed energy, cyber, and a modern nuclear arsenal. Just as important, they could also address DOD’s persistent acquisitions challenges, such as reforming the requirements process and putting commercial technologies to military use. On January 21, the  Center for 21st Century Security and Intelligence  (21CSI) hosted General Paul J. Selva, the 10th vice chairman of the Joint Chiefs of Staff, for a discussion on the future of military technology and the efforts being made to keep the Armed Forces at the forefront of innovation. Michael O’Hanlon, co-director of 21CSI, moderated the session.” At the link right-click “Download (Help)” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Mind-   Machine   Interface  60 mins - “This week, we're looking at the progress we've made toward connecting our minds with machines. We talk with journalist Malcolm Gay about the challenge of creating prosthetics, how close we are to controlling them with our thoughts alone, and his new book "The Brain Electric: The Dramatic High-Tech Race to Merge Minds and Machines". We also speak to artist and blogger Amy Davis Roth about Mad Art Cast, a podcast about the intersection of art and science.” At the link find the title, ”#357 The Brain Electric,” right-click “Media files Science_for_the_People_357_The_Brain_Electric.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 M   inimalists  55 mins - “Too much stuff in our lives. We’ll talk to “The Minimalists,” who say throw it away, and don’t look back. Black Friday and its cousins Cyber Monday and all crazy shopping days do not exactly show us at our most Zen. Out there grabbing and clutching and scrambling and shopping. At midnight, in lines, in mobs. My guests today say goodbye to all that. They don’t shop ‘til they drop. In fact, they’ve given a lot of their stuff away. Simplified their lives down to the essentials. Tagged themselves “minimalists.” And they say they feel richer, freer, more focused, more alive.” At the link right-click “Download this story” and select “Save Link As” from the poop-up menu. 
 Mosquito Control  20 mins - “There has never been much love for mosquitoes, the only creature responsible for more deaths of humans than humans. And now with Zika virus threatening a growing number of countries, the chorus clamouring to wipe out the mosquito is even louder.” At the link find the title, “Zika virus renews calls to eradicate disease-carrying mosquitoes,” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Night Vale Skating Rink  27 mins - “Teddy Williams opens a new skating rink at the Arcade Fun Complex. Plus, a public announcement about flowers, an update on the strangers, and a phone call from the jailhouse. The voice of Deb was Meg Bashwiner. The voice of Hiram McDaniels was Jackson Publick. Weather: "Thinking of Milk" by Tristan Haze” At the link right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Paul Nurse, Geneticist  54 mins - “Paul Kennedy in conversation with the winner of the 2015 Henry Friesen Prize, British geneticist Sir Paul Maxime Nurse.” At the link find the title, “The Eminent Dr. Nurse,” right-click “Media files ideas_20160217_11482.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Pencil Production  42 mins - “A famous economics essay features a pencil (yes, a pencil) arguing that "not a single person on the face of this earth knows how to make me." Is the pencil just bragging? In any case, what can the pencil teach us about our global interdependence -- and the proper role of government in the economy?” At the link find the title, “How Can This Possibly Be True?” right-click “Media files freakonomics_podcast021716.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu 
 Polar Ice Melt  9 mins - “All over Greenland, glaciers are retreating. In 2012 it was agreed that there is net melting in Antarctica. Matt King is using data from satellites to measure the movement of the Earth’s mantle, in response to changes in mass from melting ice in Greenland and Antarctica.” At the link right-click “Download audio” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Psychiatry in Africa  27 mins - “Gregoire is an ex garage mechanic whose mission in life is to help people in Benin, West Africa, with mental health problems who may otherwise be chained up in the spare room. With family approval he takes patients to his treatment centres, he cuts off their chains allowing them space and giving them help. Gregoire's story and the attitudes that coalesce around it unfold against a backdrop of traditional healers, Western trained psychiatrists, ethnopsychiatry, Evangelical missionary work, Western attitudes to Africa and African attitudes to the West, and government ministries for whom mental health is a low and cash strapped priority.” At the link find the title, “The Mechanic and the Mission,” right-click “Media files p03jsfs5.mp3” and select “Save link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 REAL ID Act  57 mins - “After 10 years of waivers, House lawmakers have approved a bill aimed at complying with the federal Real ID program, which tries to make state-issued drivers licenses more trustworthy and secure. Real ID stems from the 9-11 attacks, after several of the hijackers were able to board planes using fraudulent state-drivers licenses.” At the link right-click the play button beside “Listen” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Refugee Crisis  123 mins - “On February 5, the Foreign Policy program at Brookings hosted the American Academy in Berlin for the 2016 Richard C. Holbrooke Forum for a two-part public event focusing on the global refugee crisis. Brookings Isaiah Berlin Senior Fellow in Culture and Policy Leon Wieseltier delivered featured remarks on the moral dimensions of the refugee crisis. Wieseltier is currently completing an essay on certain moral, historical, and philosophical dimensions of the refugee crisis. Michael Ignatieff, Edward R. Murrow professor of practice at the Harvard Kennedy School, moderated a question and answer session following Wieseltier’s remarks. The second panel featured experts addressing the first-step policies needed to ameliorate the crisis. Bruce Katz, Brookings centennial scholar, Tamara Wittes, director of Brookings’s Center for Middle East Policy, Elizabeth Ferris, research professor at Georgetown University and Brookings nonresident senior fellow, spoke to the multiple aspects of the refugee crisis. Brookings Executive Vice President Martin Indyk moderated the panel discussion. Bruce Jones, vice president and director for the Foreign Policy program, provided introductory remarks.” At the link right-click “Download (Help)” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Refugees in Germany  27 mins - “Chris Bowlby explores how Germany found itself at the centre of Europe's migration crisis, and learns how the country has received successive waves of refugees since the 1940's.” At the link find the title, “Germany, at the Centre,” right-click “Media files p03jvmzj.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Robert Hooke  48 mins - “Melvyn Bragg and guests discuss the life and work or Robert Hooke (1635-1703) who worked for Robert Boyle and was curator of experiments at the Royal Society. The engraving of a flea, above, is taken from his Micrographia which caused a sensation when published in 1665. Sometimes remembered for his disputes with Newton, he studied the planets with telescopes and snowflakes with microscopes. He was an early proposer of a theory of evolution, discovered light diffraction with a wave theory to explain it and felt he was rarely given due credit for his discoveries. With David Wootton Anniversary Professor of History at the University of York Patricia Fara President Elect of the British Society for the History of Science And Rob Iliffe Professor of History of Science at Oxford University Producer: Simon Tillotson.” At the link find the title, “Robert Hooke,” right-click “Media files p03jyjtb.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Scalia  62 mins - “Justice Antonin Scalia discussed his book,  Reading Law: The Interpretation of Legal Texts  , co-authored by Bryan Garner, that makes a case for a return to a more scrupulous and attentive approach to the words of legal texts. He defined the meaning of textualism as it relates to interpreting laws and the meanings of the words originalism and strict constructionism as they apply to constitutional law. He cautioned that individuals should read entire judicial opinions before reaching any conclusion about a particular judge’s fairness. In this interview he discussed his opposition to cameras in the Supreme Court chamber. He responded to video clips and talked about criticism from the press, saying that he responds by not commenting or by writing letters to the editor and throwing them away. Antonin Scalia was nominated by President Reagan to the Court and approved in the Senate by a vote of 98-0 in September 1986. He was a judge of the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia.” At the link find the title, “Justice Antonin Scalia (1936-2016),” right-click “Media files 307035-1-MP3-STD_01.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Scalia Book  60 mins - “Joan Biskupic talked about her book  American Original: The Life and Constitution of Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia  (Farrar, Straus and Giroux; November 10, 2009). It is a biography of Supreme Court Associate Justice Antonin Scalia including his originalist interpretation of the Constitution as revealed in his decisions. The guest interviewer was former Solicitor General Ted Olson. Joan Biskupic has covered the Supreme Court since 1989. She was previously the Supreme Court reporter for the  Washington Post  and now writes for  USA Today . Ms. Biskupic holds a law degree from Georgetown University Law Center. Theodore B. Olson was the 42nd solicitor general of the United States during the period 2001-2004. He has argued 56 cases in the Supreme Court. Mr. Olson received his law degree in 1965 from the University of California at Berkeley (Boalt Hall) where he was a member of the  California Law Review  and Order of the Coif.” At the link find the title, “After Words with Joan Biskupic,” right-click “Media files 290072-1-MP3-STD_01.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Scalia Legacy  43 mins - “Justice Antonin Scalia was the leading conservative voice on the U.S. Supreme Court. His death over the weekend from natural causes ended a decades-long judicial career marked by lively opinions and adherence to a textural interpretation of the Constitution. Almost immediately after Scalia’s passing was announced, a political battle began. President Obama said he would nominate someone to succeed Scalia. And Republicans vowed to block any successor the president named. With cases this term concerning affirmative action, abortion and immigration, the stakes are high. Diane and her guests discuss the life and legacy of Justice Scalia – and the fight ahead over the makeup of the Court.” (3 guests) At the link you can listen, but not download' however, a copy is included in the blog archive. 
 S   calia Replacement  47 mins - “With the sudden death of conservative Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia, a battle looms over who will replace him. A stunning development for the U.S. Supreme Court this weekend, with news that Justice Antonin Scalia was found dead in his room at a luxury hunting resort near the Mexican border in Texas. He was 79. Natural causes, says a local judge. Scalia was the fiery leader of the conservative wing of the court, where frequent 5-4 decisions make any change of membership hugely consequential. President Obama says he will nominate a successor. Republicans say, “Don’t.” At the link right-click “Download this story” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 S   corpion Computer Services  98 mins -”Meet "Scorpion," The Real-Life Santa Claus with an IQ of 197 …Walter O'Brien (AKA "Scorpion") (@walterobrienscs) is the founder of Scorpion Computer Services and ConciergeUp.com, a for-hire global think tank that provides intelligence-on-demand as a concierge service. The tag line for the latter is, "for any funded need." …When Walter and his team of 2,000+ distributed geniuses say "any funded need," they mean it literally. …he and Scorpion get paid to fix every imaginable problem for billionaires, startups, governments, Fortune 500 companies, and people like you and me. On the large side, it ranges from mitigating risk on $1.9 trillion of investments to inventing artificial intelligence engines to protect United States war fighters in Afghanistan. Walter is also the executive producer of the hit CBS TV show Scorpion, inspired by his life, which has reached more than 26 million television viewers. I was introduced to Walter well before the show, and we go deep in this conversation, with lots of amazing and also hilarious examples of problem solving.” At the link find the title, “Meet "Scorpion," The Real-Life Santa Claus with an IQ of 197,” right-click “Media files Tim Ferriss Show-Walter Obrien.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Securi   ng G   l   obal Cit   ies  80 mins - “On February 10, the  Foreign Policy program at Brookings  convened a panel discussion to introduce Securing Global Cities, a new project based in Foreign Policy's  Center for 21st Century Security and Intelligence . Securing Global Cities will be co-chaired by Michael O’Hanlon, senior fellow at the Brookings Institution, and General Ray Odierno, former chief of staff of the U.S. Army and JPMorgan Chase senior advisor. It is part of the Global Cities Initiative, a joint project of the Brookings Institution and JPMorgan Chase. The goal of the project is to help cities around the world improve the physical safety of their citizens from various forms of violence. The overarching motivation of the project is the belief that cities have much to learn from each other by analyzing systematically and sharing best practices that strengthen their roles in a globalized world, bolster their economies, and protect their communities and citizens. The project will identify different types of threats-from terrorists to narcotraffickers and other international criminal networks, gangs, insurgents, and abusive security forces-and examine the various tools that governments can deploy to address these diverse and complex problems. The tools will include reformed and strengthened police forces, justice systems, paramilitary and military institutions, intelligence capabilities, and a range of other instruments.” At the link right-click “Download (Help)” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Shooting Victim  58 mins - “The brain! It's powerful! We have the story of how one man's delusions lead him to a situation that's just as strange as the worst thoughts his mind is cooking up. That story's  a collaboration with the New York Times . Our second story is about a man using the power of his own mind to deal with a problem.” At the link right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 S   iege of Leningrad  39 mins - “With the mud now frozen hard, Army Group Center advances on Moscow, deciding the weak link is just to the NW of the city. This guess proves correct. As November 1941 comes to an end, the leading German units are just miles from the capital and can see the spires of the Soviet Capital.” At the link right-click beside “Direct download:” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Speech Neurology  87 mins - “Look at how we acquire language and what happens to brain networks to cause aphasia. Recorded on 11/04/2015.” (Lots of visual aids accompany this podcast and can be seen at the download site.) At the link right-click “audio MP3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 T   aste Perception Studies  57 mins - “Kara Platoni, Science and Technology Journalist; Author, We Have the Technology: How Biohackers, Foodies, Physicians, and Scientists are Transforming Human Perception, One Sense at a Time How do we know what’s real? That’s not a trick question. Sensory science is increasingly proving that we don’t perceive reality: we construct it through perception. In her new book, award-winning science journalist Kara Platoni introduces us to the researchers at the forefront of this fascinating field and the biohackers who are determined to speed up the slow pace of human perceptual evolution.” At the link right-click “Play Now” nd select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 TMZ Celebrity News Site  47 mins - “The celebrity news site TMZ has Los Angeles wired. Airline staff, limo drivers, court officials, lawyers – all feeding the big appetite for celebrity dirt. And TMZ will pay. They’re like the CIA, says one judge. And they break big headlines. On Ray Rice, Mel Gibson, Rihanna’s beaten face. How does that work, exactly? The New Yorker’s Nicholas Schmidle has found out. This hour On Point, how TMZ works. And what if that kind of digging was done on politicians? Tycoons?” At the link right-click “Download this story” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 T   raumatic Brain Injury Research  85 mins - “Dr. Gil Rabinovici explores CTE, a progressive disorder with symptoms appearing years to decades after exposure to repetitive mild traumatic brain injury (concussions and sub-concussive). And, Dr. Raquel Gardner looks at TBI, brain dysfunction caused by an outside force, usually a blow to the head. Recorded on 11/18/2015. (#30141)” (Visual aids are plentiful in the video presentation at the link.) At the link right-click “Audio MP3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Trevor Noah  48 mins - “.Trevor Noah says his experience growing up with a white father and a black mother in South Africa enables him to see both sides of political issues — which helps when it comes to doing satire.” At the link find the title, “'Daily Show' Host Trevor Noah,” right-click “Download” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Trump Business Record  46 mins - “Beyond his flash and brash appeal, Donald Trump’s big claim to readiness for the presidency is his business record. Trump the builder. Trump the dealmaker. Trump the multi-billionaire. So how good is he, really, on the business front? His name is all over, that’s for sure. There are successes. But also failures. Those bankruptcies and more. What does that record tell us about the man and how he works in the world? “ At the link right-click “Download this story” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Turkey Red Dye  4 mins - “Julie Wertz is a conservation scientist piecing together the history and use of the dye turkey red. It is a treatment applied to cotton producing a lurid, garish result. It was first known in India, but how the complicated process developed is a mystery.” At the link right-click “Download audio” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Utopian   Projects  59 mins - “Chris Jennings, Author, Paradise Now Many wonder what the future will look like. A few visionaries try to recreate it. Jennings explores the golden age of American utopianism through the lens of five bold and eccentric dreamers who, in the wake of the Enlightenment and the onset of industrialism, confronted the messiness and injustice of a rapidly changing world. Jennings reveals the worlds of the Shaker prophet Mother Ann Lee, the Welsh industrialist Robert Owen, the French visionary Charles Fourier, the French communist radical Étienne Cabet, and John Humphrey Noyes, the Vermonter who created New York’s Oneida Community. Each utopian movement fell apart, but their galvanizing ideas still influence our culture and inspire imitators.”  At the link right-click “Play Now” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 V   iolent Crime Trends  60 mins - “Criminologist Barry Latzer tracks violent crime in America from the 1960's through the 21st century and examines the factors behind the surge and downturns in violent crime. He is interviewed by Samuel Bieler of the Urban Institute.” At the link find the title, “After Words with Barry Latzer,” right-click “Media files program.429824.MP3-STD.mp3” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 W   arfare Morality  67 mins - “Monday Night Philosophy makes an assumption tonight: Warfare is an ineradicable aspect of human (and other simian) life caused by our conflicting desires. If war is here to stay, though, can we still tame it the way other social problems have been institutionalized or hemmed in by written and unwritten rules that almost everyone would be ashamed to violate? Can our daily life moral or ethical schemes be extended to restrain this most violent and destructive part of our lives? Our panel will discuss that in the 21st century context of drone wars, non-state actors, collateral damage, heightened security and an ever more level playing field for inflicting violence due to technology.” At the link right-click “Play now” and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Windpipe Transplant   s   Scandal  27 mins - “Back in 2008 the surgeon Paolo Macchiarini stunned everyone when he carried out the world’s first tissue-engineered whole organ transplant and saved a woman’s life with a windpipe transplant. When he followed this up by implanting the first artificial trachea into a patient at the Karolinska Institute in Stockholm in 2011, this was celebrated as a huge medical breakthrough. Since then, the surgery has been performed on seven other patients there, but today, six of these eight patients are now dead. The management of the Karolinska Institute is deeply implicated in the case, which is rapidly growing into a veritable research scandal… Lassa fever… is endemic in West Africa, but the World Health Organisation is now scaling up an emergency response team in Benin to try to stop it spreading further… To find out more about the Aedes aegypti, the main vector spreading the Zika virus, Claudia speaks to Professor Uriel Kitron, chair of the department of Environmental Studies at Emory University in the United States. He gives Health Check a guide to everything you ever wanted to know about the mosquito.” At the link right-click “The Medical Scandal Engulfing top Swedish University,” right-click “Media files p03jwtjw.mp3 “ and select “Save Link As” from the pop-up menu. 
 Thanks for stopping by. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 About virginiajim 
 Retired knowledge nut. 
  View all posts by virginiajim ->  
 This entry was posted in  Uncategorized  and tagged  3D Printing Overview ,  AAAS conference ,  Acting Jobs ,  Addicted Doctor ,  Admiral Rickover ,  Anthropocene Age ,  Arizona Immigrant Decline ,  Australia Coal Mine ,  Autism Solutions ,  Bernie Sanders ,  Boko Haram ,  Business Security ,  Career Prospects ,  Cell Phone Encryption ,  Clinical Test Result Disposition ,  Columbine Shooter Mom ,  Drug Cartel Operations ,  Education Choices Index ,  Friendship ,  Gender Pay Gap ,  Genius ,  George Shultz ,  Global Economics ,  Golden Gate Bride Controversy ,  Gravity Waves ,  Guide Dog Story ,  Handwriting Trends ,  Hearing Loss ,  human evolution ,  Hungarian Engineer ,  Indonesian Forest Fires ,  Inflatable Tires ,  infrastructure decline ,  Innovative Engineering ,  Inuits in Zoos ,  iPhone Access ,  Irrational Decision Making ,  ISIS Requires Boots on the Ground ,  Islam Background ,  Koch Brothers Politics ,  Lasers ,  Layers ,  Lead Hazards ,  Legal Tech for Lawyers ,  Libya Status ,  Listening as an Art ,  Mass Shooter Case Study ,  Mating Issues ,  Medical Reversals Problem ,  Microcephaly ,  Migration Status in Europe ,  Military Technology ,  Mind-Machine Link ,  Minimalists ,  mosquito control ,  Night Vale Skating Rink ,  Paul Nurse ,  Pencil Production ,  Polar Ice Melt ,  Psychiatry in Africa ,  REAL ID Act ,  refugees ,  Robert Hooke ,  Scalia ,  Scorpion Computer Services ,  Securing Global Cities ,  Shooting Victim ,  Siege of Leningrad ,  Speech Neurology ,  Taste Perception Studies ,  TMZ Celebrity News Site ,  Traumatic Brain Injury ,  Trevor Noah ,  Trump Business Record ,  Turkey Red Dye ,  Utopian Projects ,  Violent Crime trends ,  Warfare Morality ,  Windpipe Transplants Scandal . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 <- Media Mining Digest 222 – Feb 12, 2016: 3D Printer Plastic Concern, Agriculture in Kenya, AIDS and HIV Updated, Apple Company History, Artificial Intelligence, Assisted Living Research, Bernie Sanders, Biofluorescent Fish, Biomarkers, Black in Tech, Blindness and Depression, Bobcats, Brain Tumor Treatments, Caisson Work, Campus Assault Solutions, Campus Newcomers, Car Trends, Carbon Control in Sweden, Chromatography, Climate Activists, Climate Warming Worsens, Concussion Scandal, Copyright at MIT, Corporate Impact on Society, Cosby, Credit Card History, CRISPR, CSI unmasked, Dan Carlin, Data Collection by Smartphone, DDT, Dessicant Tolerant Seeds, Eating Disorders, Ebola Test, Emotional Stimuli, Future Industries, Gentrification, Graphene, Haitian Iguanas, Health Care Trends, Homeless Youth, Ice Trade, Indigenous People Murders, Internet History, Internet Porn, Investment Strategies, Kurdish People, Leonardo Di Vinci, Lobbyists, Loneliness Impact, Marijuana Laws, Megaliths of Avebury, Mosquito Control, Newspaper Consolidations, Nuclear Energy, Obesity Control, Oil Supply and Demand, Orthotic Nerve Impact, Peru, Peter Thiel of PayPal, Physician Burnout, Podcast Creation, Presentation Preparation, Prison Children, Rutherford's Legacy, Saudi Arabia Economy, Sleep Science, Startup Rules, Suicide Prevention, Syrian Aid from Students, System Dynamics, Terrorism, Twitter Harassment Trial, Unabomber Story, Water Recycling, Wildlife Corridors, Wired Kevin Kelly, Zika Virus Guide 
 Media Mining Digest 225 – Mar 4, 2016: Agriculture Water Issues, American Resilience, Apple vs FBI, Artificial Intelligence Misconceptions, Australia Broadcasting Corp, Bio Defense Meeting, Boda-Boda Boom Vehicle, Brain Repair, Canadian Weapons Diversion, Cell Phone Encryption, Central Bank Breakup, Chinese Military at Sea, Christian Persecution, Computer Coding, Cory Booker, Coyotes in New Hampshire, Cuban Commerce, Cultural Difference, Dementia Research, Digital Conflict Needs, DIY Finance, Drinking in America, Drug Delivery Breakthrough, Economic Growth Model Change, Egyptian Revolution Social Media, Energy Strategies by Bill Gates, Female Genital Mutilation, Firefighter Salaries, Food Fraud, Foods for Infants, Freelance Writing, Gospel Music, Guantanamo Closing, Health Care Fraud, Heroin, Hydro Electric Power Issues, Industries of the Future, Infectious Disease Specialist, Infrastructure Book, Innovation in Publishing, Internet Startup PR, Investing Diversification, ISIS Hostage Story, Maggie Smith Interview, Mass Extinctions, Medical Marijuana in Utah, Mein Kampf, Microbiology History, Middle East Book, Migrant Health, Money Defined, Neanderthal, Newspaper Trends, Pandemics, Physical Therapist, Police Violence, Predictive Policing, Profession Futures, Psilocybin Research, Refugees, Right-to-Die Children, Robot Uses, Sao Paulo Fights Drought, Scalia, Social Media Teen Stars, Solar Power War, Street Harassment Solution, Supreme Court Explained, Syrian War, TB Test Improvement, The Green Book, Unemployment History, Water Pipe Protection, World Food Program, Zika Virus Publicity -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 15,133 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
   Media Mining Digest 
 
 MMD472 Media Mining Digest: Activist Otto Sharmer, AI and Criminal Justice, AI Principals, Artificial Intelligence, Ayahuasca, Black Business Devaluation, Brown Skinned, Caffeine Use, Chernoble Trends, China and India Areas, China-Australia Relations, Climate Crisis, Coffin Making, Corruption in China, Covid in Jails, Cyberlaw Worldwide, Democracy Fails, DHS Compiles Intelligence on Journalists, Digital Threat Counters, Einstein, Electoral College Abolishment, Ethiopia Conflict, Fauci Article, Fauci Discussion, Film Editors, Foreign Interference, Free Trade, Genetic Experimentation and Innovation, Guantanamo, Hong Kong Protests, Houdini, Human Rights Crisis in Xinjian, Intelligence Innovation, Iranian Assassination, ISIS in America, Longer Life, Managing Older Workers, Mitch McConnell, Molecular Genetics and Genomics, Nazism, Planning Your Post Retirement, Poisoning of Alexei Navalny, President and COVID Infection, Prison Abolition, QAnon Discussion, Rural Broadband Politics, Secondhand Goods, SIGINT Intelligence, Social Media Weaponization, Spymasters, Super Rich, Talented Women, Tranformational Change, Uighurs in China, US in China, Vaccine Misinformation, Vindman Conversation, White Power Violence, Wikinomics 
 MMD471 Media Mining Digest: 5th Grade Innovator, Africa Growth, Artificial Intelligence Discussion, Bloomberg, Brainstorming, Corporate Law, Covid Control, Cyber Security, DARPA Story, Disease Control, Fake News, FISA Errors, Hearing Aid Technology, High Impact Innovations, innovation Barriers, Innovation Challenges, Innovation Coaches, Innovation Failures, Innovation Myths, Innovation Questions, Innovation Attributes, Innovation Skills, Intelligence Briefing, Land Ownership, Leadership Levels, Placental Biology, Russian Operations Under Putin, Safety Net Hospitals, Soleimani Death Reaction, Transgender, Wine Bottles, Zoom Conferencing Service 
 MMD470 Media Mining Digest: Battery Charging, Buy and Hold Investing, Corona Virus Control, Covid Afterwards, Covid and CIA Activities, Covid and Emergency Powers, Covid Inequality, Covid Lab Results, Covid Response by DoD and State, Democracy Playbook, Discovery vs Exploration, Disinformation on Vaccinations, Foreign Agents Information Act, Hurricane Katrina 1 Antediluvian, Hurricane Katrina 2 Come Sunday, Hurricane Katrina 3 Through the Looking Glass, Hurricane Katrina 4 Bridge, Hurricane Katrina 5 Exodus, Hurricane Katrina 6 Reckoning, Hurricane Katrina 7 Destiny, Hurricane Katrina 8 Wake, Learning Styles, Linux Replacing Windows 7 
 MMD469 Media Mining Digest: AI Future, Antibiotic Resistance Research, Barbie Dress Designer, Biomedical Research, Convalescent Plasma, Corona Treatments, Corona Virus Affects, Corona Virus Spread, Covid Lab Special, Emerging Markets, Glial Cells, How Inventions Shaped Us, Ira Glass, Learning Process, Marine Microbes, Microbe Research, Mold Control, Neuroscience History, Numbers Instinct, Ocean Water Microbes, Plant Diseases, Prion Proteins, Prosperity Paradox, Prosthetic Vision, Pseudomonas and Candida Interaction, Rape of Chanel Miller, Robert Wong, Robin Williams, Rotavirus and Noravirus, Seaweed Farming, Spontaneous Brain, Surveillance Capitalism, Tosh Hall, Trump Administration Book, Unconscious 
 MMD468 Media Mining Digest: Amgen Tea Brazil, Anthropology and Finances, Bed Bugs, Cement Innovation, Change Disruptive, Cognitive Dissonance, Corporate Insurgent, Disrupt Yourself, Diversity Bonus, Fearless Organization, Innovation, Investment Concepts, Medical Care Access, Medici Effect, Mobile Phone Skype, Nuclear Submarine Commander, Parasitism by Worms, Parasitism in Uganda, Phase Transitions, Proactive Obsolescence, Rotifier Infestation, Sanitizing Hygiene, Smart Companies, Startup History, Team Leadership, Unconscious Bias 
 MMD 467 Media Mining Digest: BARDA, Body Mass Index, Boy Scouts Bankruptcy, Cave Man, Chinese Espionage, Corona Virus Testing, Covid Financial Bailout, Covid Infected Doctor, Culinary Extinction, Deepwater Horizon Spill, Economic Crisis, Exercise, Feeble Mindedness Discussion, Food Production, Ginger Handbook, Gift Card Value, Gluten Removal, Hospital Bed Economics, Jane Goodall, Libyan Female Fighters, Mars Exploration, Moon Exploration, Munition Site Explosions, North Korea Arms Trafficking, Oil Price Control, Oil Prices Drop, Ostomies, Pangolins, Protective Equipment Purchase, Saving Our Planet, Scott and the South Pole, Small Business Support by Government, Telegraphy History in Australia, Temperature and Productivity, Unemployment, Ventilators, Virus Economic Response 
 MMD466 Media Mining Digest: 1918 Influenza Pandemic, Abortions in Canada, Air Pollution Decreases, Atomic Artifacts, AUMF Discussion, Cataclysm Sentence, Covid Autopsies, Covid Racial Disparities, Data Breaches, Distance Learning, Drug Disposal Program, East Indian Company, Exercise, Homeschool STEM Resources, Ignaz Semmelweis Day, Kindom of Nauvoo, Latif Story, Obesity Control, Pandemic in Rome, Pollution Control, SARS Victim, School Nutrition, Shared Immunity, Social Isolation, Space Discussion, Third Existential Crisis, Thyroid Cancer, Toilet Paper Buying, Transplant Issues, Women in Software and Cybersecurity 
 MMD465 Media Mining Digest: 5G Defined, 1619 Project, Abortion Case, Absentee Ballots, AI in Health Care, Artificial Intelligence Dominance, Atmosphere Specialist, AWAKE Experiment, Bitcoin Defined, Blind Charities in the UK, Chief Justice Roberts, Coders, Computer Repair Business, Computer Security, Coronavirus, Covid Patient Care, Crypto Basics, Cybercrime, Deutsche Bank and Trump, Digital Currencies from Central Banks, Emotional AI, Esther Perel, Eugenics, European Tax Problem, Face-based Surveillance, Facebook’s Libra, Flying Stories, Folding At Home, Food Waste, Huawei’s Rough Year, Information War, Interracial Marriage, Jane Goodall, Manhattan Project, Mental Health Specialists, Mike Tech Show, National Rifle Assoc, Pandemic in Prisons, Protesters Against Restrictions, Race in America, Russian Interference in Elections, Self-Organizing Collaboration, Soft Shell Crabs, Tik Tok, Tomato Growing, Trump Impact on the Country, Visually Impaired 
 MMD464 Media Mining Digest: Apprenticeships, Cancer Drugs, Cancer Research, Capitalism, Capitalism Reimagined, Coronavirus Pandemic, Digital Tsunami, Extreme Economies, Health Care Reform, Higher Education, Honest Income, Jack Kornfield, Manufacturing, Narrative Economics, Racism in America, Surgeon General, Universe Origins, Warp Speed Update, Wilding, Willful Book 
 MMD463 Media Mining Digest: Addiction During a Pandemic, Apartheid Justification, Black America Speaks, Bread Research Project, Butchers Talk Shop, Chilean Educational Issues, China and the Virus, Corona History, Coronavirus and Africa, Coronavirus and Europe, Coronavirus and Food, Coronavirus and Latin America, Coronavirus Frontline Special, Coronavirus Medic Deaths, Coronavirus Stories, Covid Vaccine Availability, Criminal Justice Reform, Deaf, Disabled Covid Issues, Disabled Stories, Elder Care, Farmer Production, Femicide in Serbia, Fertilizer that Blew Up Beirut, Food Stockpiles, Fried Chicken, Ireland Housing Costs, Jurgen Klopp, Karachi Ambulance Driver, Lebanese Contaminated Fuel, Mafia in Naples, Maggot Masters, Pandemic and Finances, Pot Washers, Race in America, Recycled Orchestra, Recycling Chile and Spain, Robot Fruit Pickers, Swine Fever, Wuhan, Zimbabwe Mental Health Control 
 
 
 
 Follow Media Mining via Email 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 15,133 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 
 Click on tag and jump to that episode. 
 
 3d printing 
 affordable care act 
 aging 
 Alzheimer's 
 antibiotic resistance 
 artificial intelligence 
 behavioral economics 
 bitcoin 
 broadband 
 broadband in Colorado 
 Broadband in North Carolina 
 Canada 
 China 
 climate change 
 climate warming 
 consciousness 
 creativity 
 cyber security 
 cybersecurity 
 Decision Making 
 design thinking 
 domestic violence 
 driverless cars 
 drones 
 Economic Growth 
 End of Life Care 
 Fake News 
 Feminism 
 fracking 
 geoengineering 
 Gerrymandering 
 gun control 
 Gun Violence 
 Hate Speech 
 health care 
 human rights 
 human trafficking 
 impact investing 
 income inequality 
 India 
 internet history 
 ketogenic diet 
 marijuana legalization 
 native Americans 
 Neil Degrasse Tyson 
 net neutrality 
 North Korea 
 NSA 
 nuclear power 
 Oliver Sacks 
 Pakistan 
 Political Polarization 
 Racaniello 
 racism 
 refugees 
 sex assaults on campus 
 Sexual Harassment 
 sharing economy 
 solitary confinement 
 Sugar 
 suicide 
 Supreme Court 
 synthetic biology 
 Syrian Refugees 
 technology trends 
 Terrorism 
 Trans-Pacific Partnership 
 Trump 
 Universal Basic Income 
 Virtual Reality 
 voting rights 
 women in politics 
 women in science 
 World War One 
 Zika Virus 
 
 
 
  Media Mining Digest  
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
