Skip to content 
  WorkingAssets  
 [   WorkingAssets ](https://workingassetscareerguide.com/) 
 A Career Forum for Peers 
 Menu 
 
 Book Excerpt 
 Testimonials 
 Career Resources 
 Podcast Interview 
 Search for: 
 
 Category: Careers 
 How to Be Well-thy 
 Posted on  February 13, 2020February 12, 2020 Categories Careers Tags abundance ,  definition of wealth ,  earnings ,  happiness curve Leave a comment on How to Be Well-thy 
 The Merriam Webster online definition of wealth: 
 
 Abundance of valuable material possessions or resources 
 Abundant supply: profusion. 
 
 The only definition that counts is abundant supply. True wealth hinges on happiness. Having an abundance of happiness is possible. 
 To wit chasing money and the things it can buy doesn't often make a person any happier. 
 A research study revealed that $75K in income is the threshold where you are about as happy as you'll ever be. 
 Earning more than $75K per year doesn't make a person happier. 
 This matters because friends, family, and good fortune if you ask me all matter more than the amount of money in your bank account. 
 My maxim is that a person should be able to earn a livable income doing the job(s) they love. 
 The amount of money a person earns is not the point. 
 Enjoying yourself on and off the job is what matters. 
 The point is that doing what you love can bolster your mental health. 
 In coming blog entries I'll talk about my own experience and that of others. 
 CURESZ Profile 
 Posted on  February 9, 2020February 1, 2020 Categories Careers Tags CURESZ ,  zerotohero Leave a comment on CURESZ Profile 
 Out of the blue I had the opportunity to have my recovery story featured on the CURESZ.org website. 
 You can read my profile there along with the stories of other individuals that have succeeded in the face of living with schizophrenia. 
 As a person with a Visionary archetype, I'm an innovative thinker. 
 Seeing my CURESZ profile alongside the others got me thinking. 
 It was the first time in my recovery that I wasn't called out as "the exception to the rule" as has happened wherever else I've been quoted. 
 Seeing that there were other people like me who had achieved goals I could understand that we're all in this together. 
 Having an illness could positively impact your identity when you see your disability as a strength not a liability. 
 This sounds ironic or impossible. 
 The illness is the kind of enemy that's closer to you than your friends. 
 Yet when you make peace with the diagnosis it frees you to envision a life without boxes you need to check off. 
 You're given the mandate to choose alternative options for a career. 
 You can royally go your own way against the standard operating procedure. 
 Read my  CURESZ profile  here. 
 In the coming blog entry I'm going to talk about what it's like to achieve things in a world where people diagnosed with mental illnesses are told to stay in our places and not compete with others. 
 Dark Horses 
 Posted on  February 6, 2020February 2, 2020 Categories Book Reviews ,  Careers Tags Dark Horse: Achieving Success through the Pursuit of Fulfillment ,  standardization covenant Leave a comment on Dark Horses 
 The number-one career book I've read is  Dark Horse: Achieving Success through the Pursuit of Fulfillment. 
 It got me thinking about real life as it's played out in America for most people. 
 It's a mistake going after what everyone else has because you think you should have these things too. 
 In society we're inculcated from an early age that to get ahead we have to get into a good school to get the right degree to get a coveted job. 
 Author Todd Rose in  Dark Horse  calls this flawed method "the standardization covenant." 
 The dilemma is that everyone else is doing the identical thing. Competing against others has become the norm. 
 According to this copycat way of doing things once you achieve the goal of getting that job or position in life you'll be happy. 
 The divergent careerists in  Dark Horse  weren't happy chasing other people's dreams of what success looked like. This set these Dark Horses up to fail. 
 The individuals in the book did 360-degree turnarounds. 
 A woman with a failed corporate job started up a successful supper club. 
 A woman with a doomed office career created a better livelihood as an inventive floral designer. 
 They prove the premise that your individuality should not be forsaken in the quest to earn income. 
 In a coming blog entry I'm going to talk about how having an illness can impact your identity in a positive way. 
 My recent CURESZ.org recovery profile got me thinking about this very thing. 
 Normal Gets You Nowhere 
 Posted on  February 4, 2020February 2, 2020 Categories Book Reviews ,  Careers Tags finding and succeeding at a job ,  kelly cutrone ,  normal gets you nowhere Leave a comment on Normal Gets You Nowhere 
 Years ago I picked up for free a copy of the Kelly Cutrone life-and-career guide  Normal Gets You Nowhere . 
 The author is Sicilian like I am and works in the fashion industry. 
 Her book title should be taken to heart as a truism. 
 The definition of normal is: 
 "Of or having ordinary or average intelligence; conforming to a standard or type; free of mental defect." 
 Does being ordinary or average sound appealing? 
 One of my mantras is: Be innovative. Not a copycat. 
 My contention is that you won't get very far in this lifetime trying to change yourself to fit into a mold of what other people think is acceptable. 
 Doing this you'll make yourself ill. 
 It's the foolproof route to a doomed career trajectory to have to work at job where you must act false to yourself every day. 
 Dare to be unusual in your method for achieving fulfillment, which will lead to your inimitable version of success. 
 Enjoy your quirkiness. What makes you different gives you an advantage. 
 Finding and succeeding at having a job you love is possible. 
 I have had this kind of career for over 19 years. 
 In the next blog entry I'll talk about the number-one book I've read that got me thinking about doing what you love on a job. 
 Chris's Preference for Blogging 
 Posted on  February 2, 2020March 29, 2020 Categories Careers Tags zerotohero Leave a comment on Chris's Preference for Blogging 
 My preference is for blogging as opposed to using Facebook. 
 I've removed the link to my Facebook author account from my Christina Bruni website. 
 Even though I'm technically a public figure on the internet I couldn't keep up that Facebook page. 
 I don't have it in me to make Mark Zuckerberg any richer. 
 Besides, I want to earn the big bucks myself because there's always a new pair of shoes that this Fashionista could use : ) 
 The Working Assets career forum like all my other blogs will be a judgment-free zone. 
 I'd love to have you join me in exploring career themes geared to those of us who are wired differently in the head. 
 And hey, there's no shame in this. 
 The blog I'm keeping here is the new place for readers of all stripes and diagnoses and life challenges to come together united in our vision that recovery is possible. 
 The information here is for peers who have the desire and ability to get a job and succeed in doing that job. 
 Won't you join me? 
 Posts navigation 
 Previous page   Page 1  …  Page 3  Page 4 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 Chris Bruni  on  The Life Work of Caroline… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Jason Youngman  on  The Life Work of Caroline… 
 
 
 
 Chris Bruni  on  The Life Work of Caroline… 
 
 
 
 Chris Bruni  on  The Life Work of Caroline… 
 
 
 
 Jason Youngman  on  The Life Work of Caroline… 
 
 
 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
 Step 4 - Persevere 
 
 Archives 
 
 January 2021 
 December 2020 
 November 2020 
 October 2020 
 September 2020 
 August 2020 
 July 2020 
 June 2020 
 May 2020 
 April 2020 
 March 2020 
 February 2020 
 January 2020 
 
 Search for: 
 Themes 
 
 Art and Soul 
 Book Reviews 
 Bruni in the City 
 Career Corner column 
 Careers 
 Confidence 
 Dress Code 
 Film Reviews 
 Finances 
 Fitness 
 Goal-Setting 
 Interview Questions 
 Interviews 
 Job Benefits 
 Job Search Websites 
 Left of the Dial 
 Peer Stories 
 Persistence 
 Psychiatrist Questions 
 Publishing 
 Sane Artists Collective 
 Uncategorized 
 woodshedding 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 90 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Blog Stats 
 
 1,044 hits 
 
 A WordPress.com Website . 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
