Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Lab Technician - Optical 
 SHAMIR CANADA 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Company Overview: 
 Shamir Canada Inc. is a national freeform premiums lens manufacturer that has established itself as a company known worldwide for innovation, revolutionary technology, and stringent quality assurance practices. Shamir provides the optical industry with high quality, cutting-edge lens technologies. 
 We are looking for a passionate and motivated individual with high standards to join our dynamic team as a Lab Technician. This is a full time position, offering 40+ hours a week. Shamir offers a benefits package, diverse work environment, and excellent career opportunities. Paid training will be provided. 
 Job Summary: 
 The Lab Technician is responsible for following all processes and procedures within the production department including operating equipment machines, maintaining quality of products and machine maintenance. 
 Duties and Responsibilities: 
* 
 Maintain clean and tidy work space 
 
 
 Organizing incoming jobs by priority 
 
 
 Maintain machinery by running efficiency tests and following procedures 
 
 
 Identify and select appropriate products for specific order 
 
 
 Operating machinery and overseeing production 
 
 
 Verify final orders for customers with quality checks 
 
 
 Learning optical parameters 
 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 Completion of OSSD required. 
 Detail oriented and positive work ethic 
 Familiarity with operating fine machinery 
 Knowledge of optical theory and lens production is an asset 
 Strong organizational skills, ability to multitask and work well under pressure 
 Knowledge of quality standards 
 
 Job Type: Full-time 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
