WORK WITH INDIES beta 
 Newsletter 
 Browse Jobs 
 Art & Animation 
 Audio 
 Business & Operations 
 Design 
 Marketing & Community 
 Production 
 Programming 
 QA & CS 
 Writing 
 Post a Job 
 Back to all jobs See allDesignjobs 
 Level Designer 
 Megagon Industries Apply for this Job 
 Posted 
 December 15, 2020 
 Full Time 
 Anywhere 
 Remote 
 We’re looking for a Level Designer (d/f/m) to work on Lonely Mountains: Downhill and another unannounced project in a similar genre. You will be responsible for creating the trails from a gameplay perspective in Unity and work closely together with our Environment Artist as well as Game Designer.  ‍ 
 ‍ 
 Responsibilities 
 
 Coming up with ideas and concepts for trail designs (main routes, short-cuts, landmarks, player guidance, pacing, etc). 
 Creating the trails in Unity (terrain creation, basic texturing, obstacle placement) and working with final as well as placeholder assets. 
 Setting gameplay, camera, and audio triggers. 
 Testing and iterating the trails in-engine. 
 Working closely with Environment Art to ensure that everything fits together visually. 
 Work closely with Game Design to make the most of the gameplay systems. 
 Work closely with Programming to optimize tools and work-flows.  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 Requirements 
 
 Solid experience working with a modern 3D engine and level editor. Unity experience is preferred but experience in another engine (Unreal, Frostbyte, etc) is also fine if you’re willing to learn our Unity workflow. 
 Basic 3D modeling skills in Blender/ProBuilder to create detailed block out meshes. 
 Ability to sketch level design schematics and communicate your ideas. 
 Deep understanding of level design principles as well as game design fundamentals. 
 You love and play games and have a good understanding of what makes a game fun. 
 Good verbal and written communication skills in English. 
 You’re good at self-managing your tasks and responsibilities.  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 Experience 
 
 Junior:  At least one finished university/self-taught/commercial project where you were greatly responsible for the level design. 
 Regular:  At least one (nearly) shipped commercial game, 2+ years experience as a level designer. 
 Senior:  Shipped multiple commercial games (or a really big one), 4+ years experience as a level designer  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 ‍  Bonus Points 
 
 Good understanding of environment art principles. 
 Good knowledge of 3D modelling and workflows (Blender). 
 Working knowledge of version control software (GIT). 
 Experience with exterior/environment level design. 
 Very familiar with the existing level design of Lonely Mountains: Downhill.  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 Employment Details 
 
 Full-time 
 Able to work in CEST office hours (Mandatory Daily Standup 10am) 
 Remote or on-site 
 Start: January 2021 
 
 ‍ 
 Benefits 
 
 Work on a critical-acclaimed game with 90%+ positive reviews. 
 Work in a small, experienced team with complete creative autonomy. 
 Work on games with a non-toxic and loving community. 
 Flexible working hours. 
 Public transportation ticket. 
 Be part of  Saftladen  – the biggest indie game dev collective in Germany.  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 Please send your CV, level design portfolio and salary expectations to **** jobs@megagonindustries.com . 
 ‍ 
 About Lonely Mountains 
 The  Lonely Mountains  are waiting for you! Explore rocky mountain slopes with your bike, jump over sandy gorges or find your way through the foggy forests. Each  Lonely Mountain  awaits you with new challenges! Sprint, jump and slide to find your own way to the finish line. Explore the detailed mountain worlds or face the ticking clock - with every success you unlock new bikes, paintwork and outfits piece by piece. Train your skills day and night, improve your place on the leaderboards and ultimately compete with the best riders in the world in the risky Free Ride mode. 
 ‍ 
 Apply for this Job 
 related jobs 
 Theory of Games is hiring a  Game Design Consultantto join their team into work fromAnywhere Game Design ConsultantTheory of Games | AnywhereLearn More 
 Talofa Games is hiring a Lead Game Designerto join their team into work fromAnywhereLead Game DesignerTalofa Games | AnywhereLearn More 
 Thunder Lotus is hiring a Level Designerto join their team into work fromMontreal, QCLevel DesignerThunder Lotus | Montreal, QCLearn More 
 Triband is hiring a Gameplay Designerto join their team into work fromCopenhagen, DKGameplay DesignerTriband | Copenhagen, DKLearn More 
 Triband is hiring a Design Researcherto join their team into work fromCopenhagen, DKDesign ResearcherTriband | Copenhagen, DKLearn More 
 Megagon Industries is hiring a Level Designerto join their team into work fromAnywhereLevel DesignerMegagon Industries | AnywhereLearn More 
 Indie games are wonderful. So are the people that make them. 
 Make wonderful games. Be wonderful people. Work With Indies. 
 Thank you for joining the Work With Indies newsletter! The next issue will arrive on Sunday. 
 Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again. 
 *Sign up to receive a weekly digest of new indie career opportunities. 
 WORK WITH INDIES 
 We’ve been lucky to have some incredible jobs working at and partnering with some of the biggest brands in video games. 
 But we’ve never had more fun and been more fulfilled than when we were working with indie game developers. 
 Everyone in games should have that much fun. 
 Our hope is that Work With Indies will connect job seekers with the most rewarding, most inspirational, and most fun jobs they've ever had. 
 NAVIGATION 
 
 Post a Job 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 RSS 
 Communities 
 Nick's Cat 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 
 nathan@workwithindies.com 
 twitter.com/workwithindies 
 facebook.com/workwithindies 
 
 ^ 
 Made by 
 @natethenate 
 and 
 @nsuttner 
 for people who 
 indie games. 
 © 2021  A Lot of Happy LLC 
