  
 
 Home 
 Services 
 Job Openings 
 Careers 
 Job Expo 
 About Us 
 Contact Us 
 
 Internal Auditor 
 Internal Auditor 
 
 __Posted 11 months ago 
 Position Identification: Internal Auditor (Risk Assurance) 
Job Title Internal Auditor : Control and Risk Assurance Auditor Grade level 
Function Control Assurance, Internal Audit Reports To Head of Control and Risk assurance 
 Terms of Reference: 
Education & Skills  Bachelor of Science, HND 
Experience  2-3 years in Audit, Operations, Finance & Accounts 
 Role and Responsibilities: 
Scope  Preventive controls assessment, establish fraud prevention controls across the company 
 Perform routine, internal audits other special assignments, management requests 
 Process, control mapping, identification of gaps 
 Risk Assessment, suggest business process improvements 
 Facilitate drafting of policies and procedures 
 Address issues raised by External auditors within a given time frame 
Job Specific Comments  Review compliance with Company policies and procedures in operational, financial areas. Identify areas where policies, procedures, controls needed. 
 Assess accountability for the assets to safeguard against loss. 
 Report on probable avenues for revenue leakage/loss from assessments conducted. 
 Review accuracy and integrity of and security over data and information. 
 Assess, report on the reliability and integrity of financial and other operating controls and agree on the issues with the process owners to obtain pragmatic responses. 
 Recommend in-process internal checks (procedure & system based) where relevant. 
 Recommend improvements in internal controls, arising from the specific reviews. 
 Manage variety of stakeholders and their expectations through regular engagement for overall stakeholder risk and compliance improvement 
 Handholding, training of users where required. 
KPIs  Identify Process, control gaps to prevent fraud, pilferage and malpractices that may bring financial, reputational losses to the company. 
 Facilitate comprehensive coverage of the scope of activities of the department listed above. 
 Follow up past audit issues, implement global best practices (COSO controls). 
 People development, Continuous professional learning. 
 Apply Online 
 First Name* 
 Last Name* 
 Email Address*A valid email address is required. 
 Phone Number* 
 Alternate Number 
 Sex* 
 Female  Male 
 Attach Resume* 
 Submit 
 
 Workmen & Talents Is A Nigerian Company That Has Grown From Just A Training And Development Organization In 1996 To A Full-Fledged Human Resource Management Solutions Company Today. We Are Business Partners With Our Clients To Provide Bespoke Human Resource Management Services Required By Their Businesses. 
 SOCIAL US 
 CONTACT INFORMATION 
 
 __ 
 
 Suite 005 AHCN Towers, CIPM Avenue Alausa, Ikeja, Lagos. 
 
 __ 
 
 08180000548 
 Workmen And Talents 
 
 Home 
 Services 
 Job Openings 
 Careers 
 Job Expo 
 About Us 
 Contact Us 
 
 © Copyright -  | All Rights Reserved   theme-tf 
