Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Bilingual Customer Service Representative 
 Broken Coast Cannabis Ltd. 
 __Duncan, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Who we are: 
 Broken Coast Cannabis Ltd., a federally licensed cultivator and processor of cannabis, is looking for a full-time bilingual client services representative to help our client services team at our busy production facility in Duncan, BC. 
 Applicants should be very well organized, have excellent communication and interpersonal skills, be comfortable answering telephone calls and using computer systems. 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Reviewing incoming registration applications for completion and accuracy 
 Entering customer registration information into the computer system 
 Creating files, organizing documents and pending registrations 
 Answering customer phone calls, chats and email in a polite and helpful manner 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 Strong organization skills 
 Working knowledge of computers and software in an office environment 
 Strong language and communication skills 
 The ability to work as a team as well as independently 
 Efficient, dependable, and able to work in a group environment 
 Excellent attention to detail and a desire to get things exactly right 
 Cannabis knowledge is not required, but would be an asset 
 Previous office experience is not required, but would be an asset 
 Applicants proficient in French will be given preference 
 
 _  _ 
 *  * 
 **  Inclusivity and Accommodation: **  The statements above are intended to describe the general nature and level of work being performed by people assigned to the job. They are not constructed to be an exhaustive list of responsibilities, duties and skills required of personnel in the job. Furthermore, they do not establish a contract for employment and are subject to change at the discretion of the employer. Broken Coast is committed to providing an accessible and barrier-free environment. Please advise Human Resources if you require accommodation during any part of the recruitment process. 
 COVID-19 Considerations: 
 Keeping our employees safe is our number one priority. To do so we are currently holding phone and video interviews. We have also introduced the following measures at our facilities: 
 
 Restricted visitor access 
 Installation of physical barriers & additional hand washing stations. 
 Staggered shifts and break times 
 Mandatory mask policy & supplied PPE 
 Enhanced sanitation measures 
 Social distancing policies & monitoring 
 
 The working hours are 8am-4pm, Mon - Fri 
 TO Apply: 
 Sound interesting? Apply directly online at Indeed and tell us why you’d be an excellent addition to the Broken Coast team! 
 Applicants are assessed on merit; we welcome a diverse range of potential team members.  Broken Coast thanks all applicants in advance for your interest – but only those shortlisted will be contacted. We look forward to hearing from you! 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Benefits: 
 
 Casual dress 
 Dental care 
 Extended health care 
 On-site parking 
 Paid time off 
 Vision care 
 Wellness program 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Customer Service: 1 year (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
