www.IndianaRBI.com 
 Search 
 Primary Menu Skip to content 
 
 About 
 
 Search for: 
 High School ,  Pro ,  Uncategorized 
 New IHSBCA Hall of Famer Rolen reflects on family, baseball career 
 January 19, 2019   stvkrh905   6 Comments 
 By STEVE KRAH 
 http://www.IndianaRBI.com 
 Circumstances kept the family of  Scott Rolen  away as he was inducted into the  Indiana High School Baseball Coaches Association Hall of Fame . 
 But the former  Jasper (Ind.) High School  standout and 17-year major league third baseman had his loved ones on his mind during festivities Friday, Jan. 18, 2019 in Indianapolis. 
 Scott and Niki Rolen have two children — Raine (14) and Finn (11). Their daughter got sick at basketball practice so they were unable to be at the Sheraton at the Crossing. 
 Now the  director of player development  — a volunteer position — on head coach  Jeff Mercer ’s baseball staff at  Indiana University , Rolen is around the lend his expertise. 
 By rule, he does not coach individuals and can only recruit on-campus. But he can evaluate and provide input to that the Hoosiers can use. 
 “I can coach the coaches, basically,” says Rolen. “I can talk with them about practice strategies and what each player can work on. 
 “It’s a great fit. There’s a real good thing going there right now.” 
 The position allows him freedom for family time. 
 “The kids are my first priority,” says Rolen. “I bounce in and bounce out.” 
 Last summer, Scott and  Dan Held  coached their sons on an  Indiana Bulls 10U Grey  travel team. Rolen lives in Bloomington and brought six players from his neck of the woods, including son Finn. Held, who lived central Indiana and served as Bulls executive at the time, added six players, including son Boston. 
 The team played a small schedule and was done by the first part of July. 
 “Everybody could go on vacation, have fun or play other sports,” says Rolen. “They could swim, throw the frisbee, have a blast.” 
 He anticipates a similar schedule for an 11U team in 2019. Dan Held is now assistant coach/recruiting director at IU. 
 Rolen  played for the original Bulls team co-founded by  Dave Taylor  in the early 1990’s. The club featured top talent from around the state and played when the baseball landscape was much different than today. 
 The travel baseball world has really morphed into something big,” says Rolen. “I’m very careful with my son. 
 “I love high school sports. I love rec sports. There’s spot for some extra baseball, but I believe in playing year-round everything. 
 “I believe in the athlete. I don’t believe in the baseball player. I’d like to see a little more well-rounded athlete.” 
 Rolen, who was  Indiana Mr. Baseball  and runner-up to Indiana Mr. Basketball as a Jasper senior, also played tennis in high school. He was offered a basketball scholarship to the University of Georgia before being selected in second round of the  1993 Major League Baseball First-Year Player Draft by the Philadelphia Phillies . 
 He was the  1997 National League Rookie of the Year  and went on to play for the St. Louis Cardinals, Cincinnati Reds and Toronto Blue Jays. He finished with .281 average, 2,077 hits, 316 home runs and 1,287 runs batted in and 1,211 runs scored. He was an eight-time Gold Glove winner and recipient of a Silver Slugger Award in 2002. He earned a World Series ring in 2006 with St. Louis. He has had four shoulder surgeries and is scheduled for back surgery next week. 
 Scott grew up the youngest of Ed and Linda Rolen’s three children behind Todd and Kristie. 
 Mom and dad were teachers and the Rolen kids were busy with sports. But they found a way to get together at meal time. 
 “We have a real close tight-knit family,” says Rolen. “My parents never missed a ball game, whether it was mine, Kristie’s or Todd’s. They split up, divided and conquered. 
 “They really put us in a nice position to succeed in sports and school and gave us a nice solid upbringing.” 
 Rolen made a major gift of an unspecified amount for the construction of IU’s Bart Kaufman Field in 2013 and the clubhouse is named in honor of his parents. 
 Scott makes a point of telling his father how much appreciates his father. Ed Rolen, who is now in Florida and unable to travel, can’t understand the fuss. 
 “Dad’s the kind of guy that when I thank him, he says ‘for what?,’ says Scott. “Well, for being a great dad. 
 “He was there and he loved us — always.” 
 Rolen, with brother  Todd as executive director , has been showing love to other families through the  Enis Furley aka E5 Foundation . 
 “It’s named after an error at third base,” says Rolen. “You poke a little fun at yourself from time to time.” 
 Through  E5 ,  Indiana Children’s Wish Fund  and other organizations, four families with special needs children are identified and all their expenses are paid to come to  Camp Emma Lou , a property of about 75 acres on Lake Monroe near Bloomington. 
 These kids get to experience a petting zoo, baseball field, bond fires, swim in the lake and more. 
 “It’s just a little something that we can give back,” says Rolen. 
 The foundation also brings sixth graders in Monroe County — about 1,000 kids — to the camp in spring and fall for leadership field trips and team-building activities. 
 “We talk to them about things that are going on in their lives,” says Rolen. 
 Scott (Class of 1993) and Todd (Class of ’91) played baseball together for IHSBCA Hall of Famer  Terry Gobert  (induction Class of 2007). In Todd’s senior year, the Wildcats rebounded from a tough start to advance to the IHSAA State Finals. 
 Rolen, who was inducted into the 41st annual Hall of Fame class with  Ron McClain ,  Fred “Cy” Williams ,  Bob Schellinger  and  Pat O’Neil , recalls Gobert’s effective methods. 
 “Coach Gobert was pretty laid-back,” says Rolen. “We were able to practice in shorts. But if we need to slide, we need to slide. 
 “We had to get our work done. If we don’t do our work, we’re going to wear pants and we’re going run.” 
 Rolen was nominated for the Hall of Fame by  Ryan Berryman , head coach at Western High School and also an Indiana Bulls coach. 
 Hall of Famer  Ray Howard  (induction Class of 1990) is executive director of the  IHSBCA Hall of Fame , located on the Vincennes University campus in Jasper, and was again behind the mic at Friday’s banquet. The Hall is about to unveil more display space. 
 Jasper Hall of Famers (from left): Ray Howard (inducted in 1990), Scott Rolen (2019) and Terry Gobert (2007). Hall of Fame executive director Howard is a former Jasper (Ind.) High School head coach and current assistant. Rolen played for head coach Gobert at Jasper then for 17 years in the majors. (Steve Krah Photo) 
 Scott Rolen is director of player development on head coach Jeff Mercer's baseball squad at Indiana University. (Indiana University Photo) 
 Scott Rolen, who was Indiana Mr. Baseball at Jasper High School in 1993, played for the Philadelphia Phillies, St. Louis Cardinals, Cincinnati Reds and Toronto Blue Jays. He is now an Indiana High School Baseball Coaches Association Hall of Famer. (Cincinnati Reds Photo) 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Basketball Bob Schellinger Boston Held Camp Emma Lou Cincinnati Reds Cy Williams Dan Held Dave Taylor Director of player development E5 Foundation Ed Rolen Enis Furley Foundation Finn Folen Gold Glove IHSBCA Hall of Fame Indiana Bulls Indiana Children's Wish Fund Indiana High School Baseball Coaches Association Indiana Mr. Baseball Indiana Mr. Basketball Indiana University Indianapolis Jasper Jeff Mercer Kristie Rolen Lake Monroe Linda Rolen MLB Draft National League Rookie of the Year Niki Rolen Pat O'Neil Philadelphia Phillies Raine Rolen Ray Howard Ron McClain Ryan Berryman Scott Rolen Sheraton at the Crossing Silver Slugger St. Louis Cardinals Tennis Third baseman Todd Rolen Toronto Blue Jays University of Georgia Vincennes University-Jasper 
 Post navigation 
 Previous PostNorton looks for Butler Bulldogs pitchers to be aggressive Next PostGoal-setting, evaluation important to Bergman, Triton Central Tigers 
 6 thoughts on "New IHSBCA Hall of Famer Rolen reflects on family, baseball career" 
 
 
 Pingback:  Indiana Baseball Hall of Fame in Jasper gets bigger | www.IndianaRBI.com 
 
 
 Pingback:  Gorski does his part in powerful Indiana lineup | www.IndianaRBI.com 
 
 
 Pingback:  Veteran broadcaster Ferber enjoys painting pictures for radio audience | www.IndianaRBI.com 
 
 
 Pingback:  Batesville native Miller sees pitching change in half century of pro baseball | www.IndianaRBI.com 
 
 
 Pingback:  Indiana’s Sagerman gets competitive fix in operations, pitch development | www.IndianaRBI.com 
 
 
 Pingback:  Moore baseball legacy lives on with Indiana Bulls | www.IndianaRBI.com 
 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 67 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Fundamentals key for Haley, Madison-Grant Argylls 
 Coulter, South Central Satellites eager for ’21 
 Young Hammel now in charge at Benton Central 
 Snyder in second go-round leading LaCrosse Tigers 
 Stowe building baseball in Perry Central community 
 VanOeveren, Hamilton Heights Huskies ready to go 
 Bethel U. graduate Thompson leads MidAmerica Nazarene baseball 
 Communication key for Bullpen Tournaments VP Tucker 
 Butler volunteer Montgomery places premium on relationship building 
 Alum McTagertt keeps growing the game at Lafayette Jeff 
 
 Contact Steve Krah at stvkrh905@gmail.com 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Categories 
 
 Adult Baseball 
 American Legion 
 Analytics 
 Athletic Training 
 Bats 
 Books 
 Broadcasting 
 Collecting 
 College 
 Education 
 Field maintenance 
 Health 
 High School 
 History 
 Instruction 
 Little League 
 Media 
 Negro Leagues 
 Nutrition 
 Overseas 
 Podcasts 
 Pro 
 Research 
 Salary Arbitration 
 Scouting 
 Sporting Goods 
 Stadium Operations 
 Training 
 Travel 
 Umpires 
 Uncategorized 
 Welcome 
 Wiffle ball 
 Youth 
 
 Tags 
 
 American Baseball Coaches Association 
 Anderson University 
 Arizona Diamondbacks 
 Ball State University 
 Basketball 
 Bethel College 
 Butler University 
 Chicago Cubs 
 Chicago White Sox 
 Cincinnati Reds 
 Cleveland Indians 
 COVID-19 
 Football 
 Fort Wayne 
 Franklin College 
 Grand Park 
 Huntington University 
 IHSAA 
 IHSBCA 
 IHSBCA Hall of Fame 
 IHSBCA North/South All-Star Series 
 Indiana 
 Indiana Bulls 
 Indiana High School Baseball Coaches Association 
 Indianapolis 
 Indiana State University 
 Indiana Tech 
 Indiana University 
 LaPorte 
 Los Angeles Dodgers 
 Major League Baseball 
 Manchester University 
 MLB Draft 
 NAIA 
 NCAA Division I 
 NCAA Division II 
 New York Yankees 
 Noblesville 
 Pitch Count Rule 
 Pittsburgh Pirates 
 Purdue University 
 San Diego Padres 
 Sectional champions 
 State champions 
 University of Evansville 
 University of Indianapolis 
 University of Southern Indiana 
 Valparaiso University 
 Vincennes University 
 Westfield 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 67 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 %d bloggers like this: 
