
 a blog by tom pride 
 Coalition Colouring Book 
 contact 
 Thinking of suing me? 
 
 Pride's Purge 
 ~ an irreverent look at UK politics 
 Search: 
   
 The UKIP - under us thousands will lose their jobs and most will pay more tax (not satire) 
 [ 
 29   Wednesday  May 2013 
 ](https://tompride.wordpress.com/2013/05/29/the-ukip-under-us-thousands-will-lose-their-jobs-and-most-will-pay-more-tax-not-satire/) 
 Posted  by  Tom Pride  in  hopeless naivety 
 ≈  54 Comments 
 Tags 
 economy ,  politics ,  UKIP ,  unemployment 
 (not satire - it's the UKIP!) 
 In an extraordinary interview with the business publication  London Loves Business , the man in charge of UKIP's economic policy - their shadow chancellor Godfrey Bloom - has admitted that if the party were to win the next election most people in the UK will pay more tax. 
 Official UKIP policy is to introduce a flat rate of income tax at 31% - although in the interview Bloom says he would prefer a flat rate of 25%. 
 However, most people in the UK pay the basic income tax rate of 20% - which would mean a massive tax increase of 5%-11% for the people on the lowest incomes under the UKIP proposals. 
 And obviously a flat rate of tax without the highest brackets would also mean a massive cut in tax for the richest people in the country. 
 In the interview, Bloom also rather bizarrely says that if the UKIP were put in charge of the UK economy, he 'hopes' thousands of people will lose their jobs. 
 Here's the exact quote, from the horse's mouth as it were: 
 
 They are public sector jobs, so they are taking money out of the economy and wealth creation. I hope hundreds, thousands of jobs will be lost. 
 
 Now I don't pretend to be any kind of expert on electoral strategy but I would have thought that telling the electorate you 'hope' many of them will lose their jobs and pay much more tax if you win an election wouldn't be much of a vote winner. 
 The UKIP, however, clearly seem to think otherwise. 
 
 
 
 You can read the full interview here: 
 Meet Godfrey Bloom, the Osborne of UKIP: “I hope thousands of public sector jobs will be lost” 
 
 
 
 Related articles by Tom Pride: 
 UKIP candidate – physical exercise prevents homosexuality (no – not satire) 
 Nigel Farage, the Tea Party Godfather and the man who tried to trash the pound. Twice. 
 UKIP chairman – every UK city should have 1 or 2 ‘holding’ camps for immigrants 
 UKIP candidate – UK dinners flooded by criminal gangs of eastern European horses 
 If UKIP is so bloody libertarian – why has it said nothing against secret courts? 
 UKIP and a little matter of bestiality and necrophilia ….. 
 
 
 
 Please feel free to comment – you don’t need to register and I’m extremely minimal with the moderating – so please go ahead. 
 . 
 If you click on any of these buttons below, you’ll be doing me a favour by sharing this article with other people. Thanks: 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 Email 
 Print 
 LinkedIn 
 Tumblr 
 Reddit 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous post   Next post -> 
 54 thoughts on "The UKIP - under us thousands will lose their jobs and most will pay more tax (not satire)" 
 
 
 Pingback:  The UKIP – under us thousands will lose their jobs and most will pay more tax (not satire) » Alternative News Network 
 
 
 bobchewie   said: 
 
 
 May 29, 2013 at 3:38 pm 
 i wonder if to strengthen the police force they will recruit EDL members as police officers…what a combination G4S EDL police officers… 
 Like Like 
 
 justin thyme  said: 
 
 May 29, 2013 at 4:04 pm 
 G4S EDL sounds like a postcode - what a lottery! 
 UKIP - left overs from a bygone age of tory quisi-imperialism, scum by another name! 
 Like Like 
 
 bobchewie   said: 
 
 May 29, 2013 at 4:28 pm 
 G4S EDL armed with guns too….that will cut down crime…….also quite a lot of people too.. 
 Like Like 
 
 bobchewie   said: 
 
 May 29, 2013 at 4:45 pm 
 i collect examples of idiocy..i just found this one..it was on youtube about hacking group anonymous.. 
 "My opinions on Anonymous have completely changed. giving out EDL leaders personal infomation for standing for what they believe just like you guys. i have lost ALL respect from "anonymous" and these brain washing videos. at least﻿ the EDL are taking to the streets in thousands as a result of one of our troops death in the middle of our capital. correct me if im wrong, but at the moment anonymous is just a bunch of hackers claiming war over keyboards. goodbye" 
 byeeee you twat….. 
 Like Like 
 
 Clive  said: 
 
 May 29, 2013 at 5:27 pm 
 UKIPs flat rate tax proposals include National insurance and so don't represent a tax increase for virtually anyone assuming the personal allowance was set at a reasonable level. I thought this was well known so am surprised Tom has made such a basic mistake. Still it doesn't matter as they will never be in power. 
 Like Like 
 
 Keefie   said: 
 
 May 29, 2013 at 5:46 pm 
 I think I'll get me a lobotomy, then I can be a politician too. Honestly, these people are worse than candidates on The Apprentice. 
 Like Like 
 
 DaveBrigg  said: 
 
 May 29, 2013 at 5:51 pm 
 Godfrey Bloom is the ultimate swivel-eyed loon. It was he who congratulated the French for blowing up the Greenpeace ship 'Rainbow Warrior', an action which killed one of the crew leaving a young girl without a father. He also suggested that environmentalists were committing mass murder because energy prices were making old people freeze to death (never mind profiteering and price-fixing by the energy companies). The man is utterly bonkers. Has he considered that when thousands of public sector workers lose their jobs there will be no-one left to check passports or patrol borders against all those nasty foreign people, and no police or prison officers to deal with them when they arrive? 
 Like Like 
 
 bobchewie   said: 
 
 May 29, 2013 at 6:08 pm 
 @david brigg im having another weird moment as i was talking about rainbow warrior greepaece only today and about the frernch security and in fact all countries false flag security shit..oh well coincidence time again 
 Like Like 
 
 Free Sound Bites (@AbsolutelyFreeB)   said: 
 
 May 29, 2013 at 6:55 pm 
 They have to increase taxes to make the books balance, since another UKIP policy is a massive increase in expenditure on the Armed Forces as soon as they get back from Afghanistan. There's no secret - this is not 1930s Germany - it's all in the manifesto. 
 Like Like 
 
 Aynuck  said: 
 
 May 29, 2013 at 6:56 pm 
 Isn't it funny how the looney left immediately start to bang on about the EDL whenever their cosy little rainbow coloured world seems under threat by those nasty UKIP supporters? 
It's like watching a hedgehog instinctively curling up into a ball on a main road when a great big juggernaut is hurtling toward it. 
The provisional wing of the NUS invariably switch to default mode which involves putting their fingers in their ears and shouting 'Fascist Nazi Scum' repeatedly whenever they encounter those who will never agree with them, be they EDL, BNP, UKIP, Tories,or Climate Change Deniers. 
The scare tactic truth twisting about UKIP is unlikely to harm their growing support amongst the great unwashed because according to the clean fingernail brigade, anyone who is not a lefty is illiterate, thick and thuggish so they would be unlikely to understand the big words that only lefties know so the debate, or more correctly the stifling of debate, would be over the ordinary mortals head. 
Whether the current levels of adult illiteracy much talked about by the left is due to Labours failed education policies coupled with university tuition fees first introduced by Labours David Blunkett in 1998 I wouldn't like to say, but it's all a bit too much of a coincidence for my liking. 
These ordinary working men and women who fall into the looney left's category of racist nazi scum are undoubtedly as thick as two short planks with scarcely a brain cell between them, but unfortunately for the looney lefties the aforementioned racist nazi scum are allowed to vote, surprising though that may seem. 
The looney left are going to have to try even harder to suppress negativity surrounding unrestricted mass immigration to this country, they will have to be even more vigilant if they hope to continue to try to shift the blame for Islamist terrorist atrocities that will be commited reportedly as a direct result of Britains involvement in Iraq and Afghanistan (I wonder who initiated our armed involvement?………..) and they had better hope that the thicko's fall for the same old lies next time. 
I have a feeling that the lefty loonies are in for a bit of a disappointment…………. 
 Like Like 
 
 bobchewie   said: 
 
 May 29, 2013 at 7:07 pm 
 cant help it if EDL complain about muslim hidden faces when they are wearing balaclavas…you gotta laugh…. 
 Like Like 
 
 bobchewie   said: 
 
 May 29, 2013 at 7:10 pm 
 btw "loony lefty' is so eighties old hat especially when the SUN was banging on about 'loony lefty" when they knew about savile and wrote…….nothing….. 
 Like Like 
 
 nuggy  said: 
 
 May 29, 2013 at 7:18 pm 
 i find the word stiffing debate a bit tired as well. 
 how is expressing a negative opinion of ukip stiffiling debate. 
 Like Like 
 
 bobchewie   said: 
 
 May 29, 2013 at 7:27 pm 
 @nuggy cant remember when i last got stiffed…… 
 Like Like 
 
 bobchewie   said: 
 
 May 29, 2013 at 8:36 pm 
 perhaps they will get the troops to invade poland next..been done before.. 
 Like Like 
 
 Clive  said: 
 
 May 29, 2013 at 9:34 pm 
 Their flat rate tax includes NI and so isn't a tax increase. Their manifesto commitments re increased spending on defence etc are just a joke, obviously drawn up on a back of an envelope and what you would expect from a party not expecting to be in government ie promise loads of things to get votes, knowing you won't have to deliver, like the LDs did with student fees/loans. 
 Like Like 
 
 
 Pingback:  The UKIP - under us thousands will lose their j... 
 
 
 Aynuck  said: 
 
 
 May 29, 2013 at 10:20 pm 
 I seem to have touched a nerve or two here so I must be doing something right 🙂 
 The EDL are nothing to do with me, I don't care whether they wear masks or not or what the looney left think of them if I'm honest. 
 I'm simply commenting on the looney left's tendency to try to associate UKIP with the EDL or BNP whenever they comment in the media or online in the forlorn hope that the great unwashed will once again fall for the scare tactics next time around. 
 This blog site has some classic examples even though many of those using it are anti right wing, it's as though the looney left have to keep reassuring themselves by chanting the same old mantra at each other. 
 I never realised that there were fads and fashions when it comes to ripping the piss out of the looney left either. The lefties were out of touch with reality idealistic prats back in the 1980s and they're out of touch with reality idealistic prats now as far as I'm concerned. 
 I'll draw a veil (or niquab if you prefer) over the mis-spelling of the word 'stifling' in your various replies and put it down to over excitement rather than the illiteracy that the looney left are so fond of harping on about. 
 As I have mentioned before, the looney left have always been scared stiff of allowing any debate which would be likely to allow opinions which differ from their own to be aired, this is why whenever UKIP is mentioned in articles the looney left try to bring the EDL into their replies, and if the EDL is mentioned the BNP or UKIP or both are dragged in. 
 This was once an effective way in which to divert rational argument away from the core subject, be it the unsustainablitiy of uncontrolled mass immigration or the paradox whereby the looney left vehemently support Muslims at any cost to their credibility. All immigrants are regarded by the looney left as victims, when it's glaringly obvious to even the meanest intelligence that women have no equal rights in Muslim society, homosexuals are likely to be harmed by Muslims and young Muslims are easily indoctrinated into fundamentalism because the Immans and elders in many mosques waste their time discussing endless minor points with regard to the Qu'ran instead of setting good examples for their young to follow. 
Multiculturalism, dont you just love it? 
 The trouble is that the 'racist nazi scum' tactic is sort of 80s old hat and getting a bit tired now, and no one who has had enough of being ignored or howled down by one trick pony student types and their friends in the media will fall for it any more. 
 Like Like 
 
 nuggy  said: 
 
 May 29, 2013 at 10:32 pm 
 as far as i can see nobody on this blog has used those tactics so i cant see what you point is. 
 Like Like 
 
 Angela   said: 
 
 May 29, 2013 at 10:57 pm 
 Sadly, this is a brilliant strategy. No-one believes a word politicians say, and everyone knows that once they get into power they do the opposite of what they promised. Farrage is a political genius.. 
 Like Like 
 
 guy fawkes  said: 
 
 May 30, 2013 at 7:59 am 
 Aynuck 
 As long as we still have freedom of speech, I think we the electorate can voice our opinions on any political party, the fact that you refuse to accept criticism shows how dictatorial your party is. 
 Like Like 
 
 treborc   said: 
 
 May 30, 2013 at 9:54 am 
 UKIP are a protest vote, it worked all parties are now looking at what would happen if say 50 UKIP MP's where would they come from which party. ok we all know it will not happen, Labour fell for the BNP,, spending Millions with it's keep the BNP out they were never in, now they will spend million on keeping UKIP out… 
 Like Like 
 
 guy fawkes  said: 
 
 May 30, 2013 at 10:25 am 
 where are all of these millions spent to keep ukip out going to come from other than the taxpayer as usual. 
 Like Like 
 
 justin thyme  said: 
 
 May 30, 2013 at 10:26 am 
 "I’m simply commenting on the looney left’s tendency to try to associate UKIP with the EDL or BNP whenever they comment in the media or online in the forlorn hope that the great unwashed will once again fall for the scare tactics next time around." 
 you mean in the similar fashion the current coalition have lumped together the poor, the disabled and the unemployed as scroungers and skivvers and appealed to the ignorant army of right wing wide eyed loons for support of their hateful and discriminatory agendas, policies and removal of human rights and dignity?????????? 
 Like Like 
 
 overburdenddonkey   said: 
 
 May 30, 2013 at 10:28 am 
 for me there is only one debate to be had, and that is the restoration of human rights…ie free access to all VITALS of life! 
 Like Like 
 
 justin thyme  said: 
 
 May 30, 2013 at 10:29 am 
 we don't have freedom of speech - if you can remember as far back as Thatcher's death - and see what the vile right wing press/ media did to anyone who dissented the 'wonderwoman' agenda 
 Like Like 
 
 justin thyme  said: 
 
 May 30, 2013 at 10:30 am 
 you may also consider the case of Bercow v. LOrd******************** recentlyeveryone of twitter is now liable for libel 
 Like Like 
 
 Taleah  said: 
 
 May 30, 2013 at 11:31 am 
 What an utterly weak argument and pathetic web site this is - are you all left wing fascists on here or Liberal luvvies.? There are many countries in the world which have flat tax regimes and work perfectly well. There should be no such thing as social engineering and the ridiculous nanny state requires trashing. The whole current political concept is outdated and broken. Your web site is merely stating that it cannot stand change and perpetuates the current political model of an elector making a cross on a piece of paper and having no other say. A false democracy. Shame on you. 
 Like Like 
 
 Taleah  said: 
 
 May 30, 2013 at 11:34 am 
 What an utterly weak argument and pathetic web site this is - are you all left wing fascists on here or Liberal luvvies.? There are many countries in the world which have flat tax regimes and work perfectly well. There should be no such thing as social engineering and the ridiculous nanny state requires trashing. The whole current political concept is outdated and broken. Your web site is merely stating that it cannot stand change and perpetuates the current political model of an elector making a cross on a piece of paper and having no other say. A false democracy. Shame on you. 
 Like Like 
 
 overburdenddonkey   said: 
 
 May 30, 2013 at 11:50 am 
 the root problem is having a fundamental means to support life of human being…and in this case the terror of having no means of support…human need is not fascist… 
 Like Like 
 
 bobchewie   said: 
 
 May 30, 2013 at 4:37 pm 
 @justin thyme you forgot the 'benefit claimant terrorist ' new rhetoric of late.. 
 Like Like 
 
 bobchewie   said: 
 
 May 30, 2013 at 4:39 pm 
 @justin thyme but she didnt have a golden lassoo that made people tell the truth.. 
 Like Like 
 
 bobchewie   said: 
 
 May 30, 2013 at 5:15 pm 
 @taleah and taking the piss out of fascist thickos isnt allowed by you..thats almost er fascist.. 
 Like Like 
 
 bobchewie   said: 
 
 May 30, 2013 at 5:16 pm 
 @taleah you just repeated yourself 
 Like Like 
 
 Aynuck  said: 
 
 May 30, 2013 at 5:21 pm 
 @ Guy Fawkes 
I have absolutely no problem whatsoever with the electorate or anyone else voicing their opinions on any political party and they are quite free to criticise them all with no complaint from me. 
I don't 'refuse to accept criticism', in fact some of it may be justified, but instead of being cowed into silence and submission whenever the same old insult laden clichés are trotted out I respond, and I enjoy holding up to ridicule the rhetoric and abuse that is routinely churned out by the Left in lieu of proper debate or sensible line of argument. 
As for 'my political party being dictatorial' I don't actually have a political party. 
 I'm just an ordinary working class ex HGV driver, I left school at 15 and for most of my life I voted Labour. 
I felt somewhat betrayed by New Labour and Blair, not because I was financially worse off because I was not, but mainly because of our intervention in Iraq and now Afghanistan, with no clear aims and no exit strategy for either conflict. 
 I had higher hopes for Brown who seemed a bit more 'socialist' but he thought that people like me are bigots, and after reading various books since he was ousted it appears that he was never suited for leadership. 
 There has been growing concern amongst ordinary people like myself that the open door policies on immigration and asylum were beginning to impact negatively on us, especially on our sons and daughters who are really struggling to find full time permanent jobs and accommodation. 
 The fact that no debate or discussion on these hidden policies was ever allowed by any political party has been a contentious issue amongst the working classes, no matter what their ethnicity, for a considerable time. 
 The savage killing of Lee Rigby has thrown the issues surrounding migrants, multiculturalism and the growing threat from Islamists into sharp relief and although most people like me do not support the EDL or any right wing extremists, we have been interested to hear what Nigel Farage has been saying because we've been saying similar things for years but have been howled down as 'racist' by the left and by the liberal elitists who are unaffected by mass immigration. 
 I'm not here to defend UKIP's policy proposals or UKIP as a political party. 
If the best that the left can do however is to compare them and their supporters to EDL extremists, and try to make ordinary people feel like 'racist nazi scum' just for expressing concern over too many immigrants and the human rights of criminals being upheld over ours, then they thoroughly deserve to be attacked on the internet at every opportunity. 
Their childish rantings have to be challenged and ripped to shreds until they begin to recognise that not everybody agrees with them and the old tried and tested 'racist' 'nazi' 'fascist' slurs no longer resonate. 
The left should think of some persuasive arguments to support their point of view because their current stance is merely encouraging the more extreme elements to gain a foothold in peoples minds. 
 Like Like 
 
 bobchewie   said: 
 
 May 30, 2013 at 6:29 pm 
 "the left" i think i may have heard of them once, maybe it was the "hard left" or the 'soft left" or the "medium to hard but slightly soft left.".its like chocolates - soft on outside but with hard centre..which is where all political parties claim to be.. 
 Like Like 
 
 overburdenddonkey   said: 
 
 May 30, 2013 at 6:58 pm 
 monoculturalism is not the answer…we need a social housing revolution…that involves self build, eco villages, and perma-culture…best use of green, cheap, affordable, technologies…that can be exported around the world…we should start to make things again…..9%…that is the total volume of land built on in britain..9%..and even that can and should be made better use of than we do today….being green, is always cheaper, if it is not it is not green…(in resources terms) 
 Like Like 
 
 bobchewie   said: 
 
 May 30, 2013 at 7:01 pm 
 @donkey i've got green socks will that help? 
 Like Like 
 
 
 Pingback:  Newly elected UKIP councillor in court accused of being a benefit cheat (not satire!) | Pride's Purge 
 
 
 gogwit   said: 
 
 
 May 31, 2013 at 9:28 am 
 Reblogged this on  Gogwit's Blog . 
 Like Like 
 
 Haribo Lector  said: 
 
 May 31, 2013 at 12:32 pm 
 The lost revenue would have to made up elsewhere; probably with a combination of non-progressive taxes like VAT (the tax that hits the poor the hardest) and slashing public services to the bone. Make no mistake; UKIP hate the poor. 
 Like Like 
 
 Haribo Lector  said: 
 
 May 31, 2013 at 12:35 pm 
 But isn't it funny that UKIP, the most mainstream and elitist of parties, are considered a protest vote? They're a break-away faction of the conservative party headed by a public school boy who used to work in the City and whose main political philosophy is based around trying to fill the pockets of his City cronies even further. You can't get more Establishment than that. 
 Like Like 
 
 Clive  said: 
 
 May 31, 2013 at 1:07 pm 
 Haribo Lector doesn't seem to understand UKIP at all. They are against the mainstream views of the elitist mainstream parties dominated by Oxbridge graduates. 
 Like Like 
 
 
 Pingback:  Newly elected UKIP councillor in court accused of being a benefit cheat (not satire!) » Alternative News Network 
 
 
 Pingback:  UKIP activist calls Drummer Lee Rigby's family 'idiots' | Pride's Purge 
 
 
 Pingback:  BREAKING - far-right groups join forces in all-out campaign against English spelling | Pride's Purge 
 
 
 Pingback:  The UKIP – under us thousands will lose their jobs and most will pay more tax (not satire) 
 
 
 Pingback:  UKIP activist threatens to sue anyone who points out he called Lee Rigby's family 'idiots' | Pride's Purge 
 
 
 Pingback:  Mark Littlewood - why the poor should have their NI numbers tattooed on their forearms | Pride's Purge 
 
 
 Pingback:  UKIP supporters desecrate graves with swastikas | Pride's Purge 
 
 
 Pingback:  UKIP losing votes to Labour | Pride's Purge 
 
 
 Pingback:  UKIP controversy - diplomatic rift between Cloud Cuckoo Land and Bongo Bongo Land deepens | Pride's Purge 
 
 
 Rob  said: 
 
 
 August 8, 2013 at 11:03 pm 
 The few have for centuries exploited and made vast fortunes at the expense of the majority of the population and still do. Many of the poorest in our society would just make more claims on the state to survive if they were taxed more. If the state failed to meet that need what would happen then? Would UKIP let people starve saying that it didn't approve of the nanny state ? Or would UKIP want to see the food riots which lead to revolutions where desperate people take matters into their own hands. 
 I think a few UKIP heads might roll, .liberte egalite fraternite. 
 Like Like 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 42,662 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Categories 
 
 cynicism 
 hopeless naivety 
 pettiness 
 sarcasm 
 spite 
 vindictiveness 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 December 2019 
 November 2019 
 October 2019 
 September 2019 
 August 2019 
 July 2019 
 June 2019 
 May 2019 
 April 2019 
 March 2019 
 February 2019 
 January 2019 
 December 2018 
 November 2018 
 October 2018 
 September 2018 
 August 2018 
 July 2018 
 June 2018 
 May 2018 
 April 2018 
 March 2018 
 February 2018 
 January 2018 
 December 2017 
 November 2017 
 October 2017 
 September 2017 
 August 2017 
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 While antisemites cheer Johnson, this Holocaust survivor's family is fleeing Britain 
 1000s of FAKE NEWS bots try to discredit news about SICK BOY on hospital floor 
 More than half Tory candidates in North East live 100s miles away from constituencies 
 In 2017 Boris Johnson launched group proposing NHS sell-off to US firms after Brexit 
 Tory Britain: boy fighting for life stripped of Disability Living Allowance by DWP 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Another Angry Voice 
 Ayes To The Left 
 Conservative Home 
 Futile Democracy 
 Ian Bone 
 Labour List 
 Labour Uncut 
 Left Foot Forward 
 Left Futures 
 marcusmoore 
 Open Rights Group Blog 
 Political Betting 
 Political Scrapbook 
 Politics and Parasites 
 Tax Research UK 
 The DM Reporter 
 The Slog 
 Think Left 
 Total Politics 
 UK Polling Report 
 Use Your Voice 
 Vox Political 
 Zelo Street 
 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
 Tory and Lib Dem MPs exempt themselves from changes to state pension age 
 a blog by tom pride 
 See 20 years of FAKE NEWS about EU by UK press. Vote for your 'favourite' here: 
 Guido Fawkes linked to the BNP: "Gas them all, Gas them all" 
 The unredacted spreadsheet of 40 Tory MPs accused of inappropriate sexual behaviour 
 UK regions rank lowest in poverty compared to our closest neighbours 
 BBC reporter caught red-handed manipulating video in Scottish indy campaign 
 Tories issue licences to property developers to kill protected robins, starlings, blackbirds, sparrows, bullfinches 
 May's Brexit disaster unreported by UK press: Britain BLOCKED from $1.7 Trillion in WTO projects 
 How Tory are you? Take the Tory-o-Meter test and find out! 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 14,669,273 hits 
 
 
 cynicism   hopeless naivety   pettiness   sarcasm   spite   vindictiveness 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
