Skip to content 
 Search for: 
 
 Working Home Guide 
 
 
 _ Work from Home 
 _ Technology 
 _ Guides 
 _ Business 
 _ Insights 
 _ Money 
 _ Career 
 _ DIY 
 _ Pets 
 _About
 
 _ About Us 
 _ Contact Us 
 _ Privacy Policy 
 
 
 
 __ 
 Steve Jobs Died At Age 56 - The World Mourns 
 __ Oct 6 Oct 21  __ Omri Shabath 
 Steve Jobs, that just  resigned  as Apple’s CEO a month ago, has died from cancer at age 56. Steve was one of the greatest technological minds and visionaries of our times and he is one of the most significant people that shaped the world over the last couple of decades. 
 Since 2004, when he diagnosed from a rare case of cancer, he struggled with it while still managing to serve as CEO and making Apple the biggest company in the world. He was forced to take several vacations over the years for treatments, until a month ago he announced that he resigns completely as CEO. 
 Steve Jobs family released the following  statement : 
 “Steve died peacefully today surrounded by his family. 
 In his public life, Steve was known as a visionary; in his private life, he cherished his family. We are thankful to the many people who have shared their wishes and prayers during the last year of Steve’s illness; a website will be provided for those who wish to offer tributes and memories. 
 We are grateful for the support and kindness of those who share our feelings for Steve. We know many of you will mourn with us, and we ask that you respect our privacy during our time of grief.” 
 President Obama released this  statement : 
 “Michelle and I are saddened to learn of the passing of Steve Jobs. Steve was among the greatest of American innovators – brave enough to think differently, bold enough to believe he could change the world, and talented enough to do it.” 
 On Apple’s homepage there is a big black and white photo of Steve Jobs and its linking to an  announcement  that says:  “Apple has lost a visionary and creative genius, and the world has lost an amazing human being…” 
 One of Steve’s old professionals rivals, Bill Gates, says: 
 “Melinda and I extend our sincere condolences to Steve Jobs’ family & friends. The world rarely sees someone who made such a profound impact.For those of us lucky enough to get to work with Steve, it’s been an insanely great honor. I will miss Steve immensely” 
 Facebook’s founder, Mark Zuckerberg, has posted:  “Steve, thank you for being a mentor and a friend. Thanks for showing that what you build can change the world. I will miss you.” 
 Google’s CEO, Larry Page, has  posted :  “I am very, very sad to hear the news about Steve. He was a great man with incredible achievements and amazing brilliance. He always seemed to be able to say in very few words what you actually should have been thinking before you thought it.” 
 We here in WorkingHomeGuide.com want to thank Steve for all his years teaching us the impossible can be very much possible, you were a role model of entrepreneurship and the world will miss you tremendously. Rest in peace. 
 Video: Steve Jobs famous speech at Stanford University in 2005 
 Posted in  Technology Tagged  apple ,  steve jobs 
 Work From Home 
 
 Operating a Business From Home: Essential Tips When Using an iPad for Business 
 
 Not sure what to do with your new iPad? The specifications of an iPad can   […] 
 
 6 Thoughtful Ways to Ensure Home Office Safety 
 
 Have you hit your funny bone for the last time? Are you about ready to   […] 
 Business Help 
 
 7 Ways Electronic Lockers Can Boost a Small Business 
 
 Did you know that ransomware attacks are increasing by 350% each year?   […] 
 
 Operating a Business From Home: Essential Tips When Using an iPad for Business 
 
 Not sure what to do with your new iPad? The specifications of an iPad can   […] 
 DIY 
 
 The Ultimate DIY Guide for HVAC Maintenance 
 
 Keeping up with your HVAC will only save your time and money in the long run. This article is the ultimate DIY guide for HVAC maintenance for homeowners. […] 
 
 Do You Have a Dirty Grill? How to Clean it the Right Way 
 
 Your BBQ grill has probably experienced lots of cookouts. But do you know how to clean it? Read this guide and get to cleaning! […] 
 Money and Finance 
 
 5 Signs You Need to Repair Your Credit 
 
 Are you facing a loan rejection at every turn? Were you itching for a   […] 
 
 Keep Your Money Safe: 8 Expert Tips on How to Protect Your Bank Account 
 
 If you've ever had trouble with making sure your bank information is   […] 
 Health 
 
 12 Tips On Preventing Cavities In Children 
 
 Tooth decay ranks as the most common childhood disease and unfortunately, […] 
 
 How to Naturally Boost Your Immune Health at Home 
 
 Whenever flu or cold season hits, people are always looking for the best […] 
 More from Working Home Guide 
 
 Is There Any Value in Old Computers? (the Answer Is Yes) 
 Top 4 Tips for Improving Your Work Productivity 
 Your Guide to Mastering Facebook Ads Manager 
 9 Voice Training Tips That Will Change Your Life (and Your Voice) 
 Adobe Lightroom vs Photoshop: Which Is Better for Beginners? 
 Career Corner: The Responsibilities of an Apartment Property Manager 
 Photo Sharing: Quick Ways to Get Your Phone Photos Into Your Friends' Hands 
 Party Down: 8 Virtual Events Ideas 
 
 Designed by  InkHive .  (C) 2021 Working Home Guide. All Rights Reserved. 
