Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Retail Management Team - Northern Relocation 
 The North West Company 
 __Canada 
 Apply Now 
 Work that rewards you. 
 The North West Company currently has exciting opportunities for full-time, permanent employment in retail stores across the North. This is an excellent opportunity to join a team where your experience and work ethic are appreciated and rewarded. With The North West Company, you’re encouraged to learn and grow on the job and to explore the beauty and the culture of the communities in which we live and work. 
 Are you a couple? Friends, siblings or just two colleagues that get along really well? We are looking for enthusiastic and highly motivated retail professionals who welcome the opportunities for career advancement that we have to offer. If you are customer service leaders with a passion for being part of a hardworking retail team 
 The North West Company offers rewarding experiences and unique opportunities for growth. 
 Competitive salaries 
Comprehensive benefits package 
Allowances for both food and accommodation 
Paid training 
 Opportunities to join our team in the following departments: 
Store Manager 
Produce Department Manager 
Food Service Department Manager 
Grocery Department Manager 
Meat Department Manager 
Administration Department Manager 
Bakery Department Manager 
 Your Responsibilities 
 Each member of our retail team plays an important role in our stores and in the communities they serve. You will be asked to take care of a variety of tasks throughout the store. 
 Share your knowledge, experience, and best practices 
Create team spirit across departments 
Achieve sales goals by planning, adapting and reacting to changes in the community 
Ordering of various retail products as needed 
Operating cash lanes 
Organizing and creating eye-catching displays 
Executing planograms 
Serving customers and community residents 
 Skills and Qualifications 
 We’re looking for professional, organized workers who have a healthy sense of adventure and a strong knowledge and experience base. 
 A minimum of two years of experience in a high-volume grocery/retail environment 
Exceptional analytical, problem solving and decision making skills with a high attention to detail 
Proven organizational, planning and prioritizing skills 
Excellent written and verbal communication, interpersonal skills and superior customer service skills 
Must have the ability and desire to develop an in-depth understanding of NWC's customers 
Demonstrates a personal and enthusiastic commitment to NWC's vision, mission, values and strategies 
Highly motivated and adventurous with an appreciation for small town life in a culturally diverse setting considered an asset 
 We’d love to hear from all workers who are motivated to thrive professionally and personally while making a difference in multiple communities across the North. We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 CANDIDATES MUST BE WILLING TO RELOCATE TO MULTIPLE MARKETS IN THE NORTHERNMOST REGIONS OF ALBERTA, MANITOBA, ONTARIO, SASKATCHEWAN, QUEBEC, NUNAVUT, AND NORTHWEST TERRITORIES. RELOCATION ARRANGEMENTS WILL BE MADE AND PAID FOR BY THE NORTH WEST COMPANY. 
 FOR THE SAFETY OF OUR NORTHERN COMMUNITIES, RELOCATED EMPLOYEES WILL BE SUBJECT TO MANDATORY 14 DAY ISOLATION PERIOD. 
 The North West Company is proud to serve and support communities in Northern Canada, Western Canada, rural Alaska, the South Pacific islands, and the Caribbean. Our stores offer a broad range of products and services with an emphasis on food, and our goal is to be the best local shopping choice for everyday household and local lifestyle needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
