
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Hot Damn! it's a Full-time job 
 Senior UI Designer. 160over90. Philadelphia, Pennsylvania, USA. BOOM! Nuff said. 
 About 
 The Senior UI Designer is responsible for developing compelling creative concepts and engaging user experiences for a variety of brands. In collaboration with creative directors, copywriters and the UX team, the Designer ensures that digital design solutions are intuitive, on-brand and meet strategic business objectives. The Designer will also drive collaborative creative efforts and inspire teammates on all levels to exceed expectations. 
 The ideal candidate is a problem-solver and highly-collaborative, working seamlessly with our digital team and seeking opportunities to bridge across agency verticals to provide effective client solutions. 
 You will.... 
Create innovative digital experiences and impressive design solutions 
 • Collaborate with UX strategists, creative directors, writers, brand designers, and developers 
 • Ideate, design and prototype interactive experiences to meet brand objectives. 
 • Present concepts, technologies, and directional choices 
 • Consult with clients 
 • Promote creative improvement and contribute to a culture of innovation, excellence and accountability 
 • Maintain consistent creative quality and award winning work across digital projects 
 • Participate in business development efforts 
 You have..... 
• 6+ Years experience in digital design in progressively senior roles 
 • Experience collaborating with digital and traditional designers 
 • Strong visual design, layout, and typography skills 
 • A strong background in working with large-scale websites and digital products 
 • Highly organized, sticks to a project timeline. 
 • Significant experience collaborating with developers and knowledge of design for digital best practices 
 • Expertise using digital design tools and software (Sketch, Figma, Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator) 
 • Working knowledge of HTML and CSS 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
   
   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7588-160over90-senior-ui-designer  
 On-site required? 
 Yes 
 Experience 
 6-9 years 
 Skills 
 CSS, Figma, HTML, Sketch 
 Date Posted 
 October 23, 2020 
 Managed By 
 Christina Nguyen 
 Perks 
 
 Retirement Plan 
 Great benefits 
 Maternity / Paternity 
 
 Fine Print 
 160/90 is part of Endeavor, an equal opportunity employer committed to a diverse and inclusive work environment. 
 Endeavor unites and brings people together in our love of sport, culture, and entertainment. We understand this can only be accomplished when we harness the entirety of our company and lead with a lens of diversity, equity, and inclusion in everything we do. It means that we engage in anti-racism and allyship the way we do anything. Fiercely and Fearlessly. As a global company that drives culture we endeavor to reflect the world’s diverse voices both internally and externally to ensure success in our mission. 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
