Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Dog Kennel Assistant/ Front Desk 
 Animal Magic Pet Resort & Spa 
 __Parksville, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Animal Magic Pet Resort is looking for a reliable, self-motivated, hardworking member to add to our team. We are a busy, established Pet Resort with 21 Rooms for our guests. 
 It is important our new member build long lasting relationships with our clients. You must be committed to providing the best care for our clients pets. 
 Job Duties: 
 Caring for our Guests: 
 -Giving love, cuddles and playing with dogs in our care is a must. 
 -Assisting the Kennel Techs with client care such as food prep, room preparation and cleaning. 
 Caring for our Clients: 
 -You need to be able to provide exceptional customer service. 
 -Answering the phone, returning emails, scheduling boarding and grooming reservations. 
 -“Checking in“ our guests and going over care and requirements of the pets in our care 
 -Conducting walkthroughs which gives the Pet Parents an opportunity to take a tour of our facility. 
 Other Duties: 
 -Keeping the area tidy and CLEAN. Sometimes dogs have accidents and we have to clean and sanitize. 
 Daily cleaning, lifting up to 50lbs, bending are required. 
 Job Requirements: 
 -Must have animal experience and knowledge. 
 -Must be able to work weekends. 
 -You must not be afraid of any breeds. We do not discriminate and love all our furry guests. 
 Part-time hours: 24 per week 
 Job Types: Part-time, Permanent 
 Salary: $15.00 per hour 
 Additional pay: 
 
 Tips 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 Day shift 
 
 COVID-19 considerations: 
We have hand sanitizer stations, glass barrier, and require masks within our facility. 
 Experience: 
 
 Personal Animal Care: 1 year (Required) 
 Customer Service: 1 year (Preferred) 
 Professional Animal Experience (Dog kennels, Vet, etc.): 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
