Skip to content 
     
 Staying the Course 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 About Me 
 
 Tag: job 
 Looking ahead as an Adult 
 Published on  September 26, 2020  by  mterrazas32 2 Comments 
 Next week will be 3 months(Tuesday, Sept 29, 2020) working at my full-time job that I got during this pandemic. For the past month and a half, I've been thinking about what should I tackle next now that I have this full-time job. It odd cause most people my age are well into their careers, have a new car, might own a home, have a family and financial independence. Me, am still living at home and relying on my parents for a few things like getting to work. I don't have a car, never own one or had one. Since I was in college, I either walk and took public transportation. Honestly, I really don't know how to drive, even though I driven a few time, but not comfortable with it yet. That should be my next major task, but buying a car is far out of reach even financially. 
 I figure my next major task I should focus on is saving money and start re-paying my student loans. That seems the most logic thing to do. At this point, I have zero debt except for my loans and with interest rates at zero cause of the pandemic, might as well take the advantage the situation. At the same time, start saving money. Which should be pretty easy for me since am not a big spender. I don't know what I'll use this money for, but for the mean time, I know that it will come in handy down the road. Maybe for a down payment on a car or a chance to do some traveling when this pandemic is over. Do you save? If so how much do you put aside from your payment? 
 Some of other things I been giving some thought is going back school. At the moment I have a bachelor degree in Sociology. I figure getting another bachelor or working on a master would only take under 3 years depending on the classes I need and the classes that would transfer and count from my current bachelor degree. This is something I thought about many times, but just couldn't do it cause I didn't have money. 
 Categories  reflection ,  writing •Tags  being an adult ,  blogging ,  career ,  covid19 ,  job ,  life ,  writing 
 One whole Month 
 Published on  August 1, 2020  by  mterrazas32 2 Comments 
 In a previous post, I blog about that I found a full-time job during the pandemic crises the world is going though. At the same time several cities in the United States were seeing an increase in covid19 cases, even here at home. What a way to enter the work force? Well, am glad to say that it been one whole month now since I started working. So far it going well and am still in training. Basically I am reviewing, scanning and entering employees information into the system. I go through these applications, checking to see all paper work has been submitted, information is correct and signatures are signed. If I spot something that missing or incorrect, I send it back for it to get corrected. It pretty straight forward, but of course there are procedures to follow. 
 As for the work environment it pretty laid back given that the majority of the employees are working from home. I along with other employee are required to work from the office since we dealing with sensitive information. Of course everyone is following health guide lines and wearing a mask when they enter the building, walking in the hall ways or can't keep a social distance between other employees. For me I keep my mask on all day even through it a pain in the butt. I explain that in another post. From the time I walk into the building, sitting down at my desk and taking a break and when I leave, I have my mask on. Also I keep in a small backpack, a small bottle of hand sanitizer, a small pack of hand wipes and two extra pair of mask just in case my mask fall on the floor or breaks. 
 Isn't it strange, we are already past half way through 2020. Well where ever you are in the world I hope you are doing well. 
 Categories  covid-19 ,  Job Search •Tags  blogging ,  career ,  covid19 ,  job ,  mask ,  panemic ,  writing 
 Introvert interviewing for job 
 Published on  January 27, 2020  by  mterrazas32 Leave a comment 
 Am starting off the New Year job hunting like I've been doing for the past 10 years. To my surprise I've already had two job interviews. As many of you already know, job interviewing can be nerve racking. We all read the online advice on how to prepare and ace your job Interview. Watching youtube videos on the most popular questions you'll be ask in a job interview and what to say and not to say. 
 From my own personal experience, none of those tips work for me. Let me explain. In my head a job interview is a test expect in a job interview, you don't know the answer you give is the answer the interviewer want to hear. Oh it BS when they say we want to see if you a good fit for this position/company. Well, Me, am a bad test taker and I found that out during my college years. I would study and prepare for my exams, only to bomb the exam. It was after my freshman year did I get some help and learn that I had a learning disability. Learning about this and receiving some testing accommodations like double time and taking the test in a separate room by myself helped, but I still struggle with testing. Even when I study for the exam. 
 I forgot to mention that I would be nervous when taking any form of testing. So being in a job interview and an introvert just adds to the nervousness. Any preparations I did in answering those most popular questions, I will sounded like I was unprepared. Well to me it feel that way. I feel myself tripping over my words cause I can't take my time in answering those questions. Unlike in college, I had double time to take test, so it gave me enough time to formulate my answer to any exam that require a write response like essays. 
 The most frustrating thing about job interviewing is I don't know why I wasn't pick for the position. Is it because of lack of experience, was it the job interview, as one person who was able to give me feed back told me that I have low energy. I could only think he means I don't sound excited. I will be honest with you, I have a low voice and I can't do anything about that. 
 Categories  Job Search •Tags  career ,  I need a job ,  introvert ,  introvert and job interviewing ,  job ,  job interview ,  job search ,  nervous 
 Two months: Admin Associate. 
 Published on  June 29, 2019  by  mterrazas32 Leave a comment 
 The month of June is coming to end. I have completed two whole months working at the University counseling service as a Temporary Admin Associate. This means that I only have one month left before they terminate me or decide to bring me on as a Full-time employee. I have interviewed for the position and they have already finished interviewing all the people they wanted. It now just wait and see. The positive side is that the previous full-time employees who held this position have all started out as temporary. Am staying positive that I will be offer to stay full-time, but I will not be disappointed if they went with someone else. 
 The past two months have been a learning experience. I know now that yes I can multi-task in a fast environment and take charge of a situation on my own. During these two months I was ask to worked the front desk all on my own. Handling incoming phone calls, checking-in students, setting up appointments and canceling them. Also processing students paper work and typing in notes in their files. I do need more practice in explaining things clearly and I have learn the my voices doesn't sound like a guy to the person on the other side of the phone. It doesn't bug me, just confirms that I have mono-tone voice that doesn't re-vibrate. I do know there a lot of things I need to get myself up-t0-date such as using excel and creating spreadsheet. 
 I 
 Categories  Job Search ,  reflection •Tags  administrative assistance ,  gaining work experience ,  job ,  learning ,  learning on the job 
 A month into the job 
 Published on  May 26, 2019  by  mterrazas32 1 Comment 
 It will be a month that I began working at my new job. Awhile it only a temporary part-time position, I've been learning a lot. Am an administrative associate for a University counseling service, mental health services. If a student is feeling stress, having trouble in school or home, thinking of killing themselves, been a victim of sexual assault, this is where they can receive assistance. I am the one checking-in students to see a counselor and the one that will answer phone calls from student wanting to seek services or are in crises. For the past weeks I've been learning the operations of the office plus the administrative task. Since am new, I've already been "tested" if I could handle the front desk by myself. There been 3 times where I've been on own. So far I've gotten good feed back from the staff that I've done a great job handling the front desk and answering phones. It nice to finally show what I can do and that am capable to handling any challenges that are thrown my way. Yes, I still have a lot to learn and areas I need to improve in like communicating the information to students about the services offered to enrolled students. Especially for those students visiting and seeking services for the first time. 
 Categories  Job Search ,  reflection •Tags  employment ,  job ,  learning ,  learning on the job 
 Good News 
 Published on  May 5, 2019May 30, 2019  by  mterrazas32 1 Comment 
 News on the job front. Two weeks ago I had a job interview at one of the University for a temporary admin associate within the counseling services. So I went for my interview and left feeling okay about it. Again I wasn't expect this, but I received a phone call later that day that I was one of two candidates they were looking at to offer the position. The next step was just that they do a background check and I had to scramble to get at least two professional references. I was able to get those references, one from where I  volunteer  and a former co-worker. Once I submitted my references it was just wait and see. Then just last week I received the call that they were ready to offer me the position once they got the clear from human resources. I got that final call and the job offer for this temporary part-time admin associate. 
 I started this Wednesday, training and observing the front desk since that where I will be. Checking in students for their appointments, answering phones calls and doing other admin duties. So these past three days have been absorbing as much information as I can and learning as fast as I can. This counseling services deal with mental health so as you can understand there are a lot of sensitive issues to deal with. 
 Awhile this is only a temporary position that can end anytime or at 4 months which is the allowed time they can keep a temporary employee. At 4 months they need to hire someone permanently. Any way, am still excited about the position just cause it an opportunity to show what I can do and learn. There is a lot to learn. 
 Categories  Job Search ,  personal stories •Tags  career ,  job ,  job hunting ,  job interview ,  temporary job 
 Happy New Years 2019 
 Published on  January 2, 2019  by  mterrazas32 2 Comments 
 Happy New Years!!! 
 2019 is here and am not sure where to begin with this post. My goal to finding a job still hasn't change. It mind blogging that I can get a short temporary job, but can't seem to find one that is stable. As we were saying good-bye to 2018, I was temporary working at Macy's. It not my first time working there during the holidays, but I wonder why do I get hired temporary for a position using the same resume with the same job history, but can't get hired for something full or part-time. Am not trying to be negative here, but now we are in a new year it something I trying to understand. I will just mention that retail, dealing with clothes, standing and walking for a long period of time is something I don't like doing. 
 For 2019 I really don't have any goals in mind or looking forward to accomplish anything. I'll keep my usually routine of just going to the gym, doing my walks around downtown, journaling, keep working on my art / drawing, and my film-photography. Will be doing a post on journaling soon and in my other  blog , my photography will be posting there to. Yes, finally able to send some rolls of film to get developed. 
 Categories  reflection •Tags  career ,  job ,  job seaching ,  New Year 
 two week laters… 
 Published on  October 16, 2018  by  mterrazas32 1 Comment 
 After two weeks and two day, I decided to quit my job working at Subway. Not because I didn't like it, but I wasn't getting enough hours. When you are only getting a few hours and the pay is only $8.oo/hr that is not enough to live on, pay the bills, and just to get by. The manager was only giving me about 13 hours a week and when I look at the upcoming schedule he only assigned me 5 hours for the whole week. I already mention to him that I wanted more hours and his response was to only get more hours was to pick-up shift when people call in. At the same time he had hire someone else just a few days after hiring me. That person is receiving more hours then me. 
 Now, I felt I was doing okay and learning as fast as I could, but when you only have me coming in two day out of the week, it going to take me awhile to learn the ropes and get comfortable doing them. 
 Categories  Job Search •Tags  job ,  subway ,  trying to make end meet. ,  working 
 A much need break 
 Published on  September 30, 2018  by  mterrazas32 1 Comment 
 This week I was hired at fast-food restaurants as a part-time employee. It is not the job I would have want because it pay low, $8/hr. Am thankful that the manager hired me and willing to take the time to train me. Am really not sure why he hired, but during my job hunt this past month I decide to do something different on my job applications. I started to not, not put down that I have a Bachelor degree unless it a requirement for the job position. Weather he would have hire me if he had known I have a bachelor degree, I don't know. Just seems odds when I made that change, I get called for a interview and hire. 
 So far I've only work two days for four or five hours. It be interesting and a lot of information to take it. Actually it just feels weird even though it a straight forward job. I have met some of the other workers and they all seem okay except for one that I met on my second day. When she walk in I just got this bad vibe from her. She didn't take 10 second just to introduce her self or just a say "hi". She seems very bossing and "bitchy". When I was finishing with the last customer I could hear her complaining to the manager how am doing things wrong. All I did was just say "sorry" toward her so she know I could hear her. I sure the manage pick up on my tone of voice, but I really want to tell her, "instead of complaining what am doing wrong, maybe help me out and just show me." 
 Well will see how things go. Hoping I"ll stay there for awhile and just see what direction I should take in finding a better paying job. Am still in the process in volunteering somewhere to gain some much need experience. 
 Categories  Job Search •Tags  job ,  job searching 
 Job interview gone wrong but never happened 
 Published on  March 18, 2017March 18, 2017  by  mterrazas32 1 Comment 
 About a week and a half ago, I applied for a job position with a company called Visionworks. They are a company that sell eye-wear. Not my first time applying there, but my first time applying for a retail position. Wasn't really expecting a response because I thought I have no background when it comes to eye-wear except my personal experience of buying glasses. Four days later, I got a phone for an interview at one of their retail stores. I was schedule to interview within a week of that phone call, which was Thursday March 16, 2017. I called the day before just to make sure I was schedule and all that good stuff. Didn't want to show up and then be told I was never schedule or there be a miscommunication. 
 So that day came for my job interview. Decided to wear different color dress shirt because I usually prefer my blue dress shirt. Since most of my previous job interviews resulted with no positive outcome, I thought it was time to change it up a little. I arrived at the place 10 to 15 minutes early and told the employee I was there for an interview at 11am. All the employees were busy with clients, but they said, "just take a sit and I someone will be with you shortly." So I sat and patiently waited. Awhile I waited to be called for my interview, I observed what was going on. People were coming in and out, getting their glasses and looking for new frame. Another employee walks in and within a few minutes she introduce her self as the assist manager and says she will be conducting the interview after she done with this client. Great! right? Well from my previous conversation with the employee who setup my interview, mentioned that I was interviewing with a guy name Bert. In my mind I figure something wasn't right. A couple of minutes have passed and she finished with assisting a client. Now I was ready to get this interview started, but she decided to turn her attention to the next client. I said to my self, I give it a few more minutes. I look at my phone and I've been waiting for 45 minutes. I said to myself, "this isn't right." Waiting 45 minutes to have an interview. I walked up to the desk where the assist manager who said she will be doing the interview and said, "I've been waiting here 45 minutes for my interview, what the hold up?" With an attitude she said, "the person who was supposed to do the interview had a emergency." My response and reaction now you are telling me this. She replied, "stuff happen and it out of my control and I just got here." I understand that, but shouldn't you tell the person who waiting that there a delay. If you know this person has an emergency, maybe suggest that we reschedule, not knowing when this person will show or not show at all. I could have been the for an hour and they not mention one word about this. 
 Talk about not being professional and tell someone who has taken the time to come here because they want this job and not tell them there going to be a delay. It would have only taken a minute for her or any of the employees who knew about this to walk up to me and just say something. Well I went head and left, deciding I will not reschedule, but to call their corporate headquarters and tell them about this unprofessional circumstance. I was able to speak with someone and told them what happen. Don't know if they will take any action even though they said they will. 
 Categories  Job Search •Tags  job ,  job interview ,  professionalism ,  unprofessional ,  visionworks ,  waiting 
 Posts navigation 
 Older posts 
 Blogs I Follow 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 Categories Select Category Art  (70)    Art Journal / Journaling  (28)    Celebrities  (11)    inktober  (5)    prismacolor pencil  (2)    urban sketchers  (3) Blogging101  (8) Books  (33)    crime  (1)    fiction  (4)    Historical  (3)    Horror Fiction  (2)    mystery  (5)    science fiction  (1) covid-19  (10) Daily Prompt  (75) Health  (6) Job Search  (28) Poetry  (11) politics  (6) Uncategorized  (42) weekly discover challenge  (7) writing  (78)    discover prompt  (29)    personal stories  (17)    reflection  (23) Writing 101  (48) 
 
 Daily Prompt: Express Youself! 
 Discover Prompt Day 30: Grateful 
 Discover Prompt Day 9: Pairs 
 Discover Prompt Day 14: Book 
 Writing 101, Poetry: Freedom 
 Writing 101, Poetry : Seconds 
 Happy Thanksgiving!!!:) 
 Writing 101: A space to write 
 Being a Witness 
 3rd sketchbook 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 coffeechatsss.wordpress.com/ 
 mydustyflipflops.wordpress.com/ 
 livinginjeneral.wordpress.com/ 
 The Pretty Smart Techie 
 A Little Bit of Everything 
 Blissful Miri 
 Your classy and sassy Travel Blogger 
 Happy Panda 
 This girl next door will help you escape the ordinary with her extraordinary tales 
 Tales from Tobhamhor 
 A place for me to write down what I'm thinking and share with the world. 
 DeMoose Art 
 MORE THAN JUST A PEN 
 Mell Telka  
 South London based runner/Queen of sass 
 Extroverted Introvert, a blog 
 Just some grammatically incorrect thoughts and feelings from a girl riding the struggle bus. 
 Living it. 
 Freelance writer | Illustrator 
 Patsy Arts  
 From Narnia to Neverland 
 creative activities from a 20-something finding her place in the world 
 The Gypsy Soul Diaries 
 An Asian Mermaid Lost In Transition 
 Stormy Rain Stevens 
 Can we talk? 
 The people we met on the way 
 Tabitha's sketchbook 
 The Akila Edla Journal 
 World of stories that I've read and stories that I write. 
 Sincerely, Loewe 
 Blog + Portfolio 
 Specscladeyes 
 Words and Photographs 
 Nothing But Nerd // Gelaine Santiago 
 Notes Of Encouragement & Honesty For My Fellow Entrepreneurs & Black Sheep. 
 Doodlewash® 
 Adventures in Watercolor Painting and Sketching, Watercolour Magazine, with Charlie O'Shields 
 YOUnfolded 
 Healthy, Balanced, Beautiful YOU 
 Odyssey Art 
 Fine art and art journaling. Temporary home base for World Sketchbook Month. 
 Cooking with a Wallflower 
 An Offbeat Bluestocking 
 An Offbeat View by a Bluestocking 
 Michelle B. 
 choose light over darkness 
 A Reading Writer 
 I write because I read. I read because I write. 
 Anawnimiss 
 tales told from behind the cloak of anonymity 
 Cheri Lucas Rowlands 
 Editor and writer. Interested in tiny things, nineties nostalgia, old jungle mixtapes, punctuation, and my cats. Not to be fed after midnight. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
