Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 What is a Dream Job? 
 Peter North    12th June    General   6 Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=What%20is%20a%20Dream%20Job%3F%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fgeneral%2Fwhat-is-a-dream-job%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 We are always rolling the idea of a “dream job” around in our heads. Whether you’re sagging your head on a slow workday or sweating bullets during a hectic one, thoughts of your perfect job will cross your mind. What is a “dream job” anyway? It’s different for everyone, but it usually comes to us as an ever-changing counterpoint to our current job: If you’re bored by your current job, you dream of an active, fulfilling one. If you’re overloaded with work, you dream of a slower, simpler workday. If you have no autonomy at your current job, you dream of being an entrepreneur empowered with control over your own destiny. 
 But, despite all of these passing, changing thoughts, few of us have paused and allowed our dream job the consideration it deserves. Ask yourself: Have you given any real thought or definition to your dream job? Would you recognize it if you saw it? Would you be ready to pursue it if it appeared? If you struggle with any of the answers, perhaps you should stop, sit down, and give the matter your full attention. 
 Make it “Tailor Made” and “Built to Last” 
 First, be honest with yourself. Don’t just regurgitate some generic version of an ideal job to yourself. Those clichéd versions of dream jobs are certainly not for everyone: Would you be ready for the punishing daily workouts and strict diet of a pro athlete? Would you enjoy getting up at 3:30 am seven days a week as a news anchor? Would you really want to be a rock star if you have stage fright? Probably not. So, instead of grabbing a shrink-wrapped “dream job” off the shelf or cobbling disjointed fragments like “high pay” and “lots of travel” together, think it all the way through. 
 Second, Don’t let short-term events have too much of an influence on your version of “the perfect job.” The question is not “how could your week be better?,” it’s “how could your  career  be better.” If this week was stressful, it doesn’t mean that your “dream job” is being a yoga instructor. If you struggled with some unbearable clients and coworkers recently, it doesn’t mean that your ideal job is void of all interpersonal contact. You’ll need a  long-term perspective  to envision your true dream job. 
 Dreaming of Being The Boss? 
 Many  quickly conclude that they want to be an executive  of some sort. They see all of the perks of the executive level, but they never see the hardship or risk involved in such a position. While you may want some more autonomy at your job, an executive might want less at his. An executive will never admit it, but they may be envious of those in the company who have clear, distinct duties and a supervisor to make all of the difficult decisions. 
 I’m sure you want the big office and the expense account, but do you want the rest of it as well? 
 Dreaming of Owning Your Own Business? 
 Many of us look around our current workplace and see a lot of room for improvement. We think: “This could be better. I would do things differently.” This naturally leads to visions of starting a similar business that runs flawlessly, complete with brilliant, happy employees, healthy profits and great prospects on the horizon. If you are going to  take the plunge , it’s certainly a good vision to strive for. But, are you ready for the hurdles and headaches along the way? Starting a business can be seriously stressful. You have to put your whole livelihood (and your pride) on the line. If you fail as an employee, being fired is basically the worst-case scenario. But, if a business owner fails, they’re usually deep in debt, jobless, demoralized and reeling from the aftermath. 
 Starting your own business is a noble pursuit, but you have to pursue it wholeheartedly. Is it truly your “dream job”? 
 Dreaming of Doing Nothing? 
 At particularly stressful positions, the “dream job” becomes no job at all. If your workload is ballooning out of control and your duties barely fit into daylight hours, you might crave large amounts of downtime. This need for personal time can affect your idea of a “dream job” for obvious reasons; your ideal scenario is a blank schedule. The question is, is your dream job truly “nothing”? 
 A few days, or even a few weeks of “nothing” is almost always welcome. But, in larger doses it can be worse than your all-too-busy job. Gallup polls show that busy workers are generally more satisfied than bored ones. Boredom is also used as a punishment in prison. Are you sure you want a long, sustained period of “nothing to do”? Give it some real thought before you settle on “nothing” as your dream job. 
 Dream jobs don’t always miraculously appear, but you’ve got to be able to recognize yours if it does. Defining your dream job may yield a new understanding of your long-term plans and your career path. After all, it’s hard to know if you’re “going in the right direction” if you haven’t picked out a point on the horizon. 
 Popular search terms for this article: 
 dream job ,  what is a dream job ,  dream jobs ,  what is dream job ,  a dream job ,  what is a dream job? ,  dream job definition ,  what is a dream ,  the dream job ,  job dream 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 advancement (41) 
 
 
 featured (489) 
 
 
 Goals (58) 
 
 
 hiring (21) 
 
 
 Productivity (212) 
 
 
 promotion (21) 
 
 
 Work Life (62) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Peter North  |  Other Articles 
 Peter is Vice President of Digital Marketing at an investment holdings company in Washington DC and Co-Founder at True North. 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     How to Find Work-Life Balance with Moderation  
  _ _     Job Hunting with Confidence  
  _ _     5 Ways to Accomplish Goals While Multitasking  
 
 Discussion 
 
 6 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 
 Dimmyyy  on the 13th June 
 
 Reply   
 Nice article. I'd say that your dream job is defined by how you feel when you wake up and go to work. If you go to work with joy in other words if you are happy to see your boss/co-workers and to get your task done then you definitely have your dream job. Like me by the way. 🙂 
 
 Dean  on the 14th June 
 
 Reply   
 I'd totally agree. People who can make their interests and hobbies into their careers, get up every day wanting to go to work. That is the dream job, to want to do what you get paid for everyday! 
I'd definitely say I'm not in that category, but I'm certainly working on it! 
 Office jobs slowly destroy souls! 🙁 
 
 Power Strategies  on the 10th August 
 
 Reply   
 Agreed that office jobs destroy souls. What is unfortunate is that even in economies like today it causes people to cling to their jobs more and destroy their souls even more! 
 You can do it! Don't settle! 
 
 Jane  on the 11th August 
 
 Reply   
 I have ever read a sentence which has the same thought with the writer's point. what's the most happy thing in the world is work with your dream work,and live with your lover.so in my opinion,the dream work is the work we can do it again and again without boringness. and thank you for sharing 
 
 George Cadwell  on the 18th October 
 
 Reply   
 I agree with the author - that there's almost nothing to add, save one thing - I just wanted to mention a great resource for getting  that  dream job. For instance, I got mine on  http://www.jobdreaming.com  - an amazing website that lets you enter your dream job and then notifies you after it arises. Other websites like  http://www.careerbuilder.com  are great too, but I get overwhelmed by tons of suggestions filters and whatnot. jobdreaming is simple and easy to use with them doing the search for you. 
 Other resources that one must never ignore are also personal connections - if you know right people, it will be easier to present your skills and land a position, than if you're a stranger, trying to prove himsef/herself using the regular means. I'm not talking shady business here - merely the fact that people in HR are usually to busy and usually overlook MANY applications. However, if you know them they will at least take a good look at yours. 
 In the end, doing what makes you happy is what's most important: from the moment I rise till the moment I go to sleep, I'm thankful for it. Hope you all are happy with your jobs as well! 
 
 Sarah Lawson  on the 31st July 
 
 Reply   
 I really enjoyed reading this article. It gives all of us better insight on what exactly is a dream job. Many people are under the delusion that the dream job will just miraculously appear one day, when the truth is, if you really want to get anywhere in life, you need to be ready to give it your all. You need to define what it is that you're passionate about. 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
