Contact us 
 
 
   
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 #1 Recommendation 
 About Us 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 Terms of Use 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 Find a Legitimate Work From Home Job Today 
 Posted on  March 21, 2017July 22, 2017  by  admin 
 4.6  /  5  (  11  votes  ) 
 Lately, there has been a growing trend of people working online, and many people are looking for a suitable and  legitimate work at home job . Working from home has been accelerated by a shift in technology whereby a majority of the business are targeting the online community which is growing every day. Around 
 Around  40 percent  of the world population is connected to the internet as compared to  only 1 percent that had access to the internet in 1995 . This explains why many businesses are investing in online marketing to reach customers easily. To achieve this, they need content creators, marketers, survey takers to test their products, and other online assistants. 
 
 This has prompted many people to start looking for opportunities online. 
 
 Close to 83% of people in the US either work from home as part timers or full timers. 
 
 Source:  Flexjobs 
 We have compiled a list of work from home ideas that you can consider if you are looking for a  legitimate work at home job . 
 1. FREELANCE WRITING 
 This is the most popular and most common legitimate work at home job. The flexibility of this job and the idea of lack of a pesky boss giving your orders attracts a majority. However, it’s not a silver plate job as you have to be dedicated to it, and offer quality work to succeed in content writing. Content writing refers to writing content for companies- anything from 300-word articles to 150-word product description. You can also be requested to handle bigger articles depending on the need of the company or client. 
 There are plenty of freelance sites where you can get well-paying gigs. It isn’t a must to sign up on popular platforms; you can work on any legitimate site as long as you establish a great portfolio or prove yourself through tests to showcase your skills. Here is a list of the best freelance sites you can work with: 
 a) EssayWriters.Net 
 If you are tired of facing competition at popular websites for freelancers, then you should give  EssayWriters.net  a trial. This company holds great reputation because of the wide variety of work the writers can choose from. Clients place their orders that cut across various topics and areas of expertise at this website. Therefore, you can choose the topics of your choice and enjoy doing it. 
 The two main categories of orders on this site are  Essay Writing Jobs  and  Freelance Writing Jobs . If you are good in doing essays and academic papers, then this is a right platform to get a fair price for your efforts.  Experienced writers can earn up to $14 per page. 
 b) Upwork 
 Previously known as Elance-oDesk,  Upwork  has over 1.5 million clients and offer topics that suit every type of freelancer. It is a United States company based in California and has over nine million registered freelance writers. It is the largest network for freelance jobs. The network covers a wide range of work from home jobs including paralegal work to virtual assistants. 
 Upwork offers fixed-priced and hourly-priced projects. Writers place bids on the available projects and clients choose the writer with a bid which suits their job specifications. 
 c) Toptal 
 This is one of the widely-used and well-known sites today.  Toptal  operates in more than 90 countries around the world and connects clients with a network of designers and freelance developers. The network only focuses on technical projects. 
 The company rigorously screens freelance writers for English-speaking, personality, skill, and technical knowledge. Ultimately, only three percent of applicants pass the tests on Toptal. They are entirely “work from home” company and don’t have any office anywhere in the world. 
 
 d) Freelancer 
 Freelancer.com  is worldwide freelancing and crowdsourcing marketplace. The company was founded in 2009 and is based in Sydney, Australia. The company is now setup in over 40 regional freelance marketplaces and has acquired some of its competitors. In 2015 it was declared the best service website and best employment website by the annual  Webby awards . 
 Signing up with Freelancer.com is free, but there are several membership plans. Those who sign up the free membership plan can only bid on eight projects a month. The least membership plan gives you 15 bids at $0.99 per month while the largest membership plan gives you 1500 bids at $59.95 per month: of course, there are several options in between. The account has other perks such as daily express withdrawals, more skills, freelance status, and much more. 
 e) 99Designs 
 99Designs  is exclusively meant for designers and is based in Oakland. Rather than letting clients scroll through the profiles of various writers, the site allows clients to crowdsource their projects. Clients fill out the details of the project, and then designers submit their work based on the description given by the client. 
 Clients choose the submission that best suits them, and the winning designer is paid the money. Clients can choose to continue working with that designer to design the fully-fledged version of what they contested for. 
 There are over one million designers in this platform, and there has been over  $150 million paid to designers  on this network. This proves that the unusual business model is clearly working well for this platform. 
 f) Guru 
 Previously known as eMoonlighter.com,  Guru.com  is a legitimate work at home job site that was founded in 1998. It is based in Pennsylvania in the United States. Guru has over 1.5 million members, and there has been over  $200 million paid to freelancers  according to its website. 
 The job fees for this network are variable depending on the type of your account. The various account types are executive, business, professional, basic+, and free. The basic account has a job fee of 8.95 percent which is quite good while the executive account has job fee of 4.95 percent. 
 The upgraded accounts have various benefits such as cheaper or free marketing perks, more bids, premium quotes, and much more. 
 g) FlexJobs 
 FlexJobs  stands out as a legitimate work at home job site by vetting jobs instead of freelancers. Instead, freelancers pay for this network. In return, this platform provides a list of jobs that it has vetted as legitimate. Freelancers apply for these jobs, currently just under 30,000 jobs, through the contact information provided on the site. 
 FlexJobs also provide job search tips, skill testing, and special members’ discounts through site partners to promote loyalty among its freelance network. 
 h) Fiverr 
 Fiverr is a global marketplace for services and tasks where everything is priced at $5, hence the name. Although there are people who make  Fiverr  a full-time job income, it is usually best for those who may like to make extra money by freelancing on this site in their free time. 
 For those looking to make it a full-time income, Fiverr might not be attractive because of the job fees charged. For every $5 earned, the company charges 20%, so this translates to $1. However, withdrawing money to PayPal is always below $1. 
 i) AsiaWriters 
 This is a very attractive website for writers looking for legitimate work at home gigs. It best suits writers with great command of English and experience in freelance writing. The orders mostly include academic, journalistic, creative, and technical papers.  AsiaWriters.com  is especially rewarding to those writers with Masters and Ph.D. degrees. 
 They price per pager can get up to $30- a price that you’ll rarely find elsewhere. They have a great team of representative that will offer help whenever you encounter difficulties with the project in hand. There is a constant flow of orders, and this will help you maximize your earnings on a monthly basis. 
 
 j) Writers.PH 
 This site connects freelance writers with global clients that offer a variety of projects and writing jobs. They have an efficient communication system that connects you with a network of clients making the arrangement easier and effective. The best thing with  Writer.PH  is that it offers certification opportunities. 
 You’ll be paid on a bi-monthly schedule and bonuses are often given for excellent results. The average monthly wage of a freelance writer at Writers.PH is around $700. 
 k) PeoplePerHour 
 This is a freelance site for all the projects related to websites, including web designing, developers, SEO experts, and marketers. Aiming to make it an all-rounded platform,  PeoplePerHour  has streamlined web building experience as much as possible. 
 If you have knowledge of website developing and designing, you can give this site a trial. They offer Workstream, a tool for management, communication, and payment for freelancers. This is where you communicate with clients. 
 l) iWriter 
 This site offers a platform where you can earn money by writing articles and website content for other people and companies. Registration is free and you can start earning money immediately by choosing the projects of your choice. 
 You can earn up to $15 per article, with experienced writers earning close to $56. You can write as many or as few article every day; it just depends on how much money you want to earn. 
 m) Helium 
 It’s probably one of the best sites for earning money through article writing. At first, you’ll not be paid much, but with more articles submitted, you can develop your profile and earn more money. It’s one of the best paying websites for freelance writers. 
 There are a lot of websites that offer freelancing opportunities, but these are among the best and legit. 
 2. BLOGGING 
 This is another platform where you can display your creative prowess and make a fortune, if you tap the necessary areas. We live in a blogging world. Irrespective of whether you are an established business, start-up, an intern, musician, freelance or anyone, blogging can help you with the following: 
 
 Make your brand and name visible 
 Connect with others whom you share similar interest 
 Reach out to people about issues that you’re passionate about 
 Market yourself and products 
 Connect with your customers 
 Make money 
 
 It is pretty easy to set up your blog and get it running in a few minutes as there are free services one can use. Here is a simple guide to getting started as a blogger: 
 What Is Blogging? 
 A blog is a collection of posts that are categorically targeted to a specific industry or niche. Blog content is regularly updated and for individuals and small business. It acts as a tool for communication between you and your audience as well as a platform for engaging current and potential customers. It keeps them up-to-date with useful and valuable contents such as your special offers and latest industry news. 
 How to Get Started 
 1. Identify a suitable niche 
 Before establishing a blog, you’ll need to attain a lot of knowledge in a topic/niche of your choice. Therefore, pick a topic that appeals to you- the one you are most interested in and passionate about. Aspire for happiness, success, recognition, and security. 
 To choose your niche, you can follow the following process: 
 
 Highlight your hobbies and interests. For instance, fishing, cooking, DIY projects, golf, etc. 
 List accomplishments you’re proud of such as sports achievements, artistic talent, or musical talent 
 Now, list some of the difficulties you have overcome such as managing a disease or losing excess weight. 
 
 When listing the above things, you’ll get a feeling of the topics that interest you most- the one you are most passionate about should be your niche. 
 2. Choose A Blogging Platform 
 Here, you’ll need to determine the blog management tool/platform you want to use. There are three platforms you can use: 
 a) Free platforms  – for many newbies, this platform is tempting of course because it’s free. But choosing a free platform, you demonstrate that you are an inexperienced novice who likely won’t be taken seriously. Free platforms limit your freedom as they own your name. They place or limit ads on your blog without your consent. 
 b) Freemium platforms  – these platforms gives you a trial period before you start paying for them. It is a better option as compared to free platforms because you’ll have more freedom, but you won’t have all the customization options available. It lacks certain features that are valuable to serious bloggers. 
 c) Self-Hosted Platforms  – these platforms allow you to run a blog on your domain; you’ll be fully in charge of your content and blog. The most common self-hosted system (also known as Content Management System) is  WordPress.Org . You’ll be given an opportunity to choose the name of your blog and your hosting place. For this platform, you’ll have to choose your web hosting provider. 
 From these three, the best one, of course, is a self-hosted platform. Check out this article on the  Top 5 Best Blogging Platforms . 
 3. Install Blogging Software And Setup You Blog 
 Having chosen your domain name and web hosting, it’s time to create your new blog. Your web hosting provider will provide the installation process for your blog. There are many hosting providers on the market. Choose the best web hosting that suits your blogging needs. 
 4. Selecting Your Blog Design And Layout 
 You can design your blog easily by using the free themes provided by your hosting provider or by purchasing premium themes. Choose a theme that is compatible with your niche. Your visitors will first notice the overall appearance of your blog before reading the content in it. 
 After setting up, you can start posting articles that are relevant to your niche. 
 What to Expect From Blogging 
 To maximize on your blog, you’ll need to make regular posts. This calls for time and dedication. Plan your content earlier enough so that you can optimize it as needed by the search engines. 
 To establish your name, you’ll need to post regularly in order to gain a following online. 
 
 Is It Possible To Make Money Blogging? 
 The fact that it is easy to create a free website and start posting your thoughts gives blogging a lot of appeal. But the same fact that makes blogging so easy to startup is the same thing that makes it hard to make money- stiff competition. 
 Setting up a blog is easy, but understanding how you can make money from your blog and having the dedication and skills to implement the needed strategies is challenging. 
 To answer the question, “  is blogging a legitimate work at home job  ,” the answer is  YES!  But don’t quit your daily job just yet. Understand that; just like any other business, blogging takes effort and investment to make a profit. 
 Don’t be like most people who simply dive in, write a few post and give up because they fail to see immediate gratification; have a business plan indicating the possible estimate about when and how the revenue will start flowing in. Market your blog by reaching out to industry players and organization. To achieve this, offer value. 
 It takes a lot of work to turn your blog into a profitable enterprise, but if it’s something you are passionate about, there is no reason to stop you from making your name in your preferred niche. 
 In the long run, it is well-worth all the patience, time, effort, and dedication. In fact, it is one of the best ideas you can implement from home. 
 3. AFFILIATE MARKETING 
 What is Affiliate Marketing? 
 Affiliate marketing refers to a marketing practice where a business rewards one or more affiliates for each customer or visitor brought by affiliate’s marketing effort. Basically, you as a marketer will be rewarded when you help a business by promoting their services or products. 
 This is probably the cheapest and quickest (not the easiest) ways to start making money online as you don’t have to come up with a product to sell; you simply need to link up a seller and a buyer, and you take a commission for any sale referred by you. 
 However, you don’t need to sell products always to make a commission as there are different affiliate programs that can still generate revenue for you: 
 
 Pay per Click (PPC)  – In this option, you get paid based on the visitors you direct to the seller’s website from your affiliate site. This is paid irrespective of whether a sale is made or not. 
 Pay per Sale  – In this option, a seller pays you a percentage of the sale price when the purchase has been made. 
 Pay per Lead  – in this option, you are paid once the referred visitor provides their contact details on the target site by simply filling out a contact form. 
 
 Why Opt For Affiliate Marketing? 
 Affiliate marketing is considered one of the best and fastest growing internet marketing technique to earn money online. 
 Here are just a few reasons why: 
 
 It is cost effective as you are not required to come with a product to sell. 
 It targets a global market 
 It doesn’t involve any shipping or storage cost 
 There is no customer support as consumer complaints are directed to the seller 
 You can make enough money by just working from home 
 
 Learn the tips and tricks of making it big as an affiliate marketer. 
 4. CREATING YOUR OWN PRODUCT OR SERVICE 
 You can take your “work from home” ideas to another level by coming up with a product or service to sell. You might be an expert in a certain field such as catering- come up with a recipe guide on how to prepare, for instance, quick desserts, or quick meals, and start marketing it at a reasonable price. By publishing an eBook, you can generate a real income option that you’ll benefit from on a long-term basis. All you need is to make it informative and unique. 
 You can also learn skills such as: 
 
 Designing website  – web designers are in demand at the moment as most businesses are going online. You can learn about designing websites and start selling that service to new businesses and individuals who need new websites. 
 SEO Optimization  – you can become an SEO specialist to help websites rank higher on search engines. 
 Software Developer  – Software developers are always in demand, and you can make a decent earning out of this venture. 
 
 5. BECOME A YOUTUBE STAR 
 There are many online users who work from home by monetizing videos on their YouTube channels. You can earn significantly by utilizing video ads. All you have to do is to create a YouTube channel. Start uploading videos to your channel and market them on social sites. After gathering a large subscriber base, you’ll be invited to join a YouTube partnership program whereby YouTube will be placing ads next to or inside your video. 
 Some  YouTube stars  make money from YouTube ads as well as sponsorship deals with various products and services that they recommend in their videos. 
 Find a Legitimate Work From Home Job: The Bottom Line 
 All the above ideas are legitimate at home job opportunities that you can give a shot. Concentrate on one of them and be patient with your online venture as it is like any other business. Keep in mind that freelance writing, blogging, affiliate marketing and selling your product are the most profitable online ventures you can consider. Most of the ideas such as taking surveys, testing website are good, but they are overcrowded at the moment; it’s hard to make a sensible living out of them. Be patient with any of the above options and truly, you’ll enjoy the fruits of your patience and hard work. 
 
  __ Share on Facebook Share  
  __ Share on TwitterTweet  
  __ Share on Pinterest Share  
  __ Share on LinkedIn Share  
  __ Share on Digg Share  
 Featured 
 
 
 Pages 
 
 #1 Recommendation 
 About Us 
 
 Contact 
 Privacy Policy 
 Terms of Use 
 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Tips on how to create a free marketing webinar 
 5 Rules to Meet your Customers by Call Answering 
 Best Tips to Choose Promotional Products and Personalized Giveaways | UK Corporate Gifts 
 Generate Leads through Craigslist Ad Posting Service 
 How Do I Start Writing SEO? 
 
 Archives 
 
 July 2020 
 May 2020 
 December 2019 
 October 2019 
 July 2019 
 March 2019 
 February 2019 
 June 2018 
 March 2018 
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 October 2016 
 
 Recent Articles 
 
 Tips on how to create a free marketing webinar 
 5 Rules to Meet your Customers by Call Answering 
 Best Tips to Choose Promotional Products and Personalized Giveaways | UK Corporate Gifts 
 Generate Leads through Craigslist Ad Posting Service 
 How Do I Start Writing SEO? 
 
 Pages 
 
 #1 Recommendation 
 About Us 
 
 Contact 
 Privacy Policy 
 Terms of Use 
 
 
 
 Resources 
 
 Cyberplanner 
 Small Biz Loans 
 Health Insurance 
 Startup Tips 
 
 Archives 
 
 July 2020 
 May 2020 
 December 2019 
 October 2019 
 July 2019 
 March 2019 
 February 2019 
 June 2018 
 March 2018 
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 October 2016 
 
 Work Home Jobs Pro  |   Work from home 
 Copyright © 2020   Work Home Jobs  
