the ChangeYourLife blog 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 My Story 
 START HERE 
 What This Blog Is About… 
 
   
 Tag Archives: change job 
 <- Older posts 
 June 15, 2015 * 7:48 am 
 Hiya, 
 When was the last time you stopped and really evaluated where you are headed and why? 
 It’s possible things have changed since you set yourself on your present course. 
 Maybe it’s time for a course correction, a deviation onto a slightly different path. Maybe an about turn altogether. 
 How will you know? 
 Enjoy 
 Stu 
 🙂 
 7 Comments 
 Filed under  Change Job ,  Goals ,  Life changing ,  Self Improvement 
 Tagged as  achievements ,  change ,  change career ,  change job ,  clarity ,  decisions ,  goals 
 May 27, 2015 * 4:38 pm 
 Getting To Grips With Fear And Confusion 
 Hiya, 
 This is an excerpt from my book: "Do You Hate Your Job?" - I re-read it today because I am feeling some of these feelings at the moment and this helped. To get a free pdf copy of my book see instructions at the bottom… 
 "  If you do decide to find a new job, new career or start up your own business know that there may well be fear and confusion along the way. 
 Learn to accept that, learn to understand that growing as a person is happening alongside this journey of following your passion, dream or goal. Sometimes you have to take the hit. If you want to go into events planning but don’t have the experience, why not get a job just helping other planners set their events up and learn how they do it from the ground up. 
 If you feel totally stuck or paralysed by fear or doubt - get calm. Sit still, breathe deeply and slowly and reconnect with your intuition, excitement, creativity and imagination. Trust yourself. 
 Accept that you won’t know all the answers, accept that you will have to take risks and above all accept that you may fail along the way. This is part of the journey. If it was easy everyone would do it - but they don’t. This is the road less travelled, this is the path to success, the difficult path but the one that leads to more fulfillment, contentedness, happiness, joy and ultimately life. 
 I did it, in fact I’m still doing it. Yes, I still have doubts and fears and I still find myself procrastinating from time to time. But at least now I’m aware of what’s going on and how to change it. 
 And remember to give yourself a break. It’s normal to be afraid, it’s normal to be unsure. Rather than chastise yourself for these negative feel- ings, acknowledge them. Sit with them for a while. Listen to what they’re trying to tell you. Then question if you agree with them or not. 
 Feelings are natural - accept them, allow them. If you want to know the strategies and tactics to change them… read on. " 
 To read the whole book simply email me at: stuart.young40@googlemail.com with "Send me the book" in the subject line and I'll send it to you direct, no strings, no endless emails trying to sell you something. Promise! 
 Enjoy 
 Stu 
 🙂 
 1 Comment 
 Filed under  Change Job ,  Choice ,  Goals ,  Life changing ,  Self help ,  Success 
 Tagged as  career ,  change job ,  change your job ,  confusion ,  decisions 
 July 8, 2014 * 12:37 pm 
 Is updating your CV (Resume) a waste of time? 
 
 Have you asked yourself this lately? 
 Hiya, 
 I for one have never got a job based on my CV. In fact I don’t think I’ve ever had a CV. Maybe I’m fortunate, I’ve never looked for a job, one always presented itself as the old one came to an end or had served its purpose. 
 For a lot of people their CV is hugely important, maybe you are one of them. But consider this for a moment.. .what are the key elements of a CV? 
 
 Where you are at the moment 
 Where you were before that 
 What your education level was 
 
 I know it’s more involved than that but that’s basically it. 
 The thing is  that  is ALL about who you  were . If you want to experience something new you have to think differently than you did before. You have to try on a new mindset. Try a new perspective. Otherwise you are just looking for more of what you have right now. And if you’re reading this you probably have some frustrations about your job, right? 
 So ask yourself: is getting a better version of your present job the answer? 
 If it is - Great! Sort your CV out asap. If not, you might want to think more about where you want your life to head over the next 5 - 10 years. 
 The right job or career for you could be in your very near future, but if you don’t identify it now, you’ll never recognise it when it comes along. 
 Put that work in right now and figure out what it is you’d love (or even like) to do. 
 Let me know in the comments below. 🙂 
 Strive to thrive 
 Stu 
 🙂 
 PS: If you’d like some help with this  READ THIS 
 4 Comments 
 Filed under  Change Job 
 Tagged as  change career ,  change job ,  CV ,  hate my job ,  hate work ,  job you love ,  success 
 March 11, 2014 * 9:03 am 
 Overcoming Your Fears… 
 Hiya, 
 I wrote a post on my other blog yesterday which features an excellent (short) video from Brendon Burchard talking about the three types of fear we feel when thinking about moving towards our goals. 
 Insightful, take a look here --->  READ MORE HERE 
 I encourage you to take 10 minutes to watch it if you do experience anxiety when making choices to follow your passions and interests - especially job related. 
 We get so hung up on security we actually limit our experience of life. 
 Take a look today - you'll be glad you did. 
 Enjoy 
 Stu 
 🙂 
 PS: "  Do You Hate Your Job?  " will finally be available on Kindle as from today (fingers crossed) but you can still get a free copy -->  RIGHT HERE 
   CLICK HERE 
 Leave a comment 
 Filed under  Change Job ,  Goals ,  Life changing ,  Success ,  VIDEOS 
 Tagged as  Brendon Burchard ,  change job ,  experience ,  fears ,  interests ,  life ,  overcome fear ,  passions 
 March 10, 2014 * 10:07 am 
 Do You Hate This Too? 
 
 Litterbugs drive me mad! 
 Hiya, 
 OK, I can't remember seeing a street as bad as the pic above, and yes - hate is a strong word! 
 Having said that, when I see people drop their rubbish on the floor or throw it out of car windows it demonstrates their ignorance and lack of responsibility. 
 I see young and old doing it, rich and poor and I really do believe that people this selfish can't be happy. On that level I feel sorry for them - what sad lives they must lead if they have no respect for their environment or anybody else's. 
 Out of sight out of mind, the saying goes and I wonder whether these people actually even see the mess they and others like them cause! 
 So, why am I writing about this here? 
 Because it's this very attitude that keeps people stuck. Stuck in relationships they don't like, in environments they don't like and in in jobs they don't like. 
 To these people it's always someone else's fault that they live the lives they live. They take no responsibility for changing themselves in order to change their circumstances. These are people I can't work with. 
 There's an old joke that goes: "How many psychologists does it take to change a lightbulb? Answer: Just one, but the lightbulb has to '  want  ' to change." Funny but also rooted in truth. Unless we actually decide that it's  us  that have to change to change our situation, then we'll never lead the lives we desire. 
 Taking more responsibility = taking more control. 
 Rant over. 
 Stu 
 🙂 
   CLICK HERE 
 Enjoy taking responsibility 
 8 Comments 
 Filed under  Change Job ,  Self Improvement 
 Tagged as  change job ,  control ,  litterbugs ,  mindset ,  responsibility ,  self help 
 February 24, 2014 * 1:31 pm 
 How To Ignore Negative Comments (Pt.2) 
 Stuart Young, London, UK 
 Hiya, 
 The other day I posted on  How To Ignore Negative Comments  and I think it deserves further discussion. 
 Firstly, I think it would be a good idea to start with the premise that the negative comments are ungrounded, ie: not deserved. 
 (Of course if you being a total idiot about something expect some negative comments, listen to them, and stop being an idiot.) 🙂 
 So, what if they are ungrounded? 
 These can come from all quarters; what I refer to as the  3 Fs of Influence  - Friend, Foe and Family. Some are well meaning, whereas some are just being mean. 
 Here are 5 questions to consider that can put you in the right Mindset to tackle them head on: 
 
 Are they true and does that even matter? 
 Do they reflect who you are? 
 Do they spur you on or deflate you? 
 How much do you value the opinion of the commenter? 
 How determined to continue are you? 
 
 Let’s take a look at them one at a time… 
 1.  Are they true and does that even matter?  - If someone tells you that you're not a very good writer should that stop you from writing? Of course not. You can either ignore it and remind yourself that there have been many successful writers that weren't actually very good technically. Or, you can use the comment to motivate yourself to learn more about writing so that you can improve. Either way - continue writing. 
 2.  Do they reflect who you are?  - Taking the first example above, does the fact that you might not be a very competent writer detract from you  being  a writer? Of course not, no more than being an objectively poor painter does not mean you are  not  a painter. You  are  whatever you desire  to be  and no opinion from anyone else alters that. 
 3.  Do they spur you on or deflate you?  - This is nearing the crux of the issue, if the negative comment spurs you on - motivates you, then don't ignore it. In fact, welcome comments of this nature. If on the other hand the comments deflate you, demotivate you, then applying a process like this one to determine what validity they have, this will help you see that other's opinions have no baring on your ambitions and dreams. Many people told Edison to quit searching for a commercially viable lightbulb - but he didn't quit, thankfully. 
 4.  How much do you value the opinion of the commenter?  - A good teacher will encourage you down your own chosen path. They might offer advice on potential course corrections along the way - in order to be helpful. A bad teacher will encourage you to pursue something based on their beliefs about what you should do. Decide how much value you put on the commenter's comments and why. Are they trying to help you or steer you to a destination of  their  choice. As with good parenting, the role of a parent is to give their children the best environment they possibly can in which to make their own choices. Then let them. 
 5.  How determined to continue are you?  - This is the deciding factor on whether you continue with an endeavour or not. If you are easily swayed away from an activity ask yourself if it's  really  what you wanted. If it wasn't, then maybe the negative comment was actually useful advice. If not, if you feel an urge to continue, then do just that. 
 "  The problem isn 't the problem. The problem is the way you are thinking about the problem. " ~ Dan Sullivan 
 The way we  think  determines every outcome in our life. If you want to master your own Mindset - learn how here:  CLICK HERE 
 Enjoy 
 Stu 
 PS: Don’t look back this time next year and find yourself exactly where you are now. Start thinking differently to create different results in your life - TODAY! 
   CLICK HERE 
 3 Comments 
 Filed under  Change Job ,  Choice ,  Confidence ,  Goals ,  Life changing ,  Self help ,  Self Improvement ,  Success 
 Tagged as  achievement ,  anger ,  awareness ,  bad habits ,  beliefs ,  boredom ,  career ,  change job ,  change your life ,  change your mindset ,  choice ,  confidence ,  confusion ,  decisions ,  depression ,  diet ,  divorce ,  doubt ,  dream life ,  dreams ,  family ,  fear ,  finding happiness ,  finding your passion ,  goals ,  good habits ,  good life ,  grief ,  guilt ,  habits ,  happy ,  hate work ,  hopes ,  How to change your life one day at a time ,  hypnotherapy ,  lack of direction ,  lifestyle ,  loneliness ,  loss ,  love ,  low self esteem ,  midlife crisis ,  nlp ,  peak performance ,  perfect day ,  personal development ,  psychology ,  quit smoking ,  redundancy ,  regret ,  relationship ,  resentment ,  resourcefulness ,  self improvement ,  Stuart Young ,  success ,  Tony Robbins ,  unhappy ,  value ,  weight loss ,  work 
 February 19, 2014 * 12:18 pm 
 How To Ignore Negative Comments. 
 
 Look familiar? 
 Stuart Young, London, UK 
 Hiya, 
 Do you ever get negative comments at work, or even about work? 
 Maybe they are comments about your skills or abilities, maybe they're comments about your achievements or commitment. 
 If you think about them honestly you might even agree with some of them. If you do, maybe you are in the wrong job! 
 You could decide to avoid those negative people that you can, and ignore the negative comments of the ones you can’t. But that might be burying your head in the sand. 
 Maybe you hear negative comments when talking about your ambitions and dreams. If you think the comments are unwarranted then just say in your mind ‘  They don’t know me’  every time they bring you down with words like: 
 ‘  …be realistic…  ’ or 
 ‘  …you’re no good at that…  ’ or 
 ‘  …I don’t think that’s your strength…  ’ etc. 
 As you learn to do this you will believe in yourself more and more. And that’s a good feeling. 
 
 My new book: “  Do You Hate Your Job?  ” reveals how you identify if you're in the right job and what to do if you're not. Get it right now at NO COST before you make any BIG decisions. 
 Maybe there's someone you know that’s struggling to get out of bed every work day - get a copy for them. 
 Click here to get your copy . 
 Enjoy 
 Stu 
 PS: It’s short, to the point, full of useful, practical content, easy to understand and apply – don’t look back this time next year and find yourself exactly where you are now. 
 6 Comments 
 Filed under  Change Job ,  Goals ,  Success 
 Tagged as  ability ,  change career ,  change job ,  commitment ,  confidence ,  hate work ,  hate your boss ,  negative comments 
 February 17, 2014 * 12:19 pm 
 How to know if you've been in your job TOO long. 
 
 Feel like this in Your job? 
 Stuart Young, London, UK 
 Hiya, 
 The brilliant Lifehack blog recently posted the  17 Signs You've Been Staying In The Same Job Too Long  - take a look, it'll make you smile! 
 If you find yourself agreeing with many (or ALL) of them - come back here and grab yourself a FREE copy of my new eBook: '  Do You Hate Your Job?  ' - it will help you get clear about WHAT would be your perfect job  an  d HOW you can move towards making that a reality. 
 
 If you decide you're one of the 80% struggling to enjoy their job at the moment, grab a copy of “  Do You Hate Your Job?  ” right now at NO COST before you make any BIG decisions. If not for you - then for someone you know that’s struggling to get out of bed every work day. 
 It will help you understand if you can actually fall in love with your present job, or whether it’s time to quit. 
 Click here to get your copy . 
 Enjoy 
 Stu 
 PS: It’s short, to the point, full of useful, practical content, easy to understand and apply – don't look back on Feb 17th 2015 and find yourself exactly where you are now. 
 2 Comments 
 Filed under  Change Job 
 Tagged as  change career ,  change job ,  hate work ,  hate your job ,  how can I find a new job ,  Lifehack ,  self help ,  stuck in a rut ,  work 
 February 14, 2014 * 4:20 pm 
 Do You Hate Your Job? Really? 
 Stuart Young, London, UK 
 Hiya, 
 I wrote an article for SelfGrowth.com recently, probably the biggest self improvement website on the internet with around 2 million views per month. 
 The article takes a look at whether you can actually fall back in love with your job - even if you have to do it for another company. 
 It also happens to be an excerpt from my latest book: "  Do You Hate Your Job?  " which you can get in full,  at no cost  , right here: ->  CLICK HERE  <- 
 You can read the full article here: ->  SelfGrowth ** 
** 
 Enjoy 
 Stu 
 🙂 
 1 Comment 
 Filed under  Change Job 
 Tagged as  change career ,  change job ,  do you hate your job? ,  hate work ,  self help ,  selfgrowth 
 February 11, 2014 * 1:05 pm 
 Want to be a High Performer? 
 Stuart Young, London, UK 
 Hiya, 
 Brendon Burchard is a successful online marketer. He mixes with the elite in business and learns how they achieved their success. Then he models it, and applies it to his own business. 
 In this video he made a while ago he takes us through the 6 x Ps of High Performers. This inspiring video is about learning what the world’s most successful people focus on to create their results. 
 The Ps stand for Presence, Psychology, Physiology, Productivity, Persuasion and the most important P of them all - without it none of the others matter is… 
 …You'll have to watch to find out. 🙂 
 To find out more about Brendon go to: http://brendonburchard.com/ 
 Comment below with how this video inspired you. 
 
 If you’re one of the 80% struggling to enjoy their job at the moment and you're struggling to be a high performer, grab a copy of “  Do You Hate Your Job?  ” right now at NO COST. If not for you then for someone you know that’s struggling to get out of bed every work day. 
 It will help you understand if you can actually fall in love with your present job, or whether it’s time to quit. 
 Click here to get your copy . 
 Enjoy 
 Stu 
 PS: It’s short, to the point, full of useful, practical content, easy to understand and apply - get it now. 
 1 Comment 
 Filed under  Change Job ,  VIDEOS 
 Tagged as  Brendon Burchard ,  change career ,  change job ,  do you hate your job? ,  frustration ,  high performer ,  procrastination ,  stuck in a rut ,  work 
 <- Older posts 
 
 
 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 
 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 854 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 NetworkedBlogs 
 
 Blog: 
 ChangeYourLife 
 Topics: 
 Self Improvement ,  Self Help ,  Inspirational 
 Follow my blog 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Why You’ll Always Be Dissatisfied - And That’s Good News! 
 A post for Dads being divorced. 
 Divorced Dads with kids - Who do you need to BE? 
 12 Mins to explain fear and worry are linked 
 We Can Be the Heroes of This Story 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 June 2020 
 May 2020 
 November 2019 
 April 2019 
 June 2018 
 April 2018 
 August 2017 
 July 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 August 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 Book reviews 
 Change Job 
 Choice 
 Coincidences 
 Confidence 
 Divorced Men 
 Goals 
 Golf 
 Interviews 
 Life changing 
 Miss my kids 
 Photography 
 Relationships 
 Self help 
 Self Improvement 
 Separation 
 Success 
 Uncategorized 
 Video Book Reviews 
 VIDEOS 
 
 
 
 How To Change Your Life 
 
 
 
 How To Change Your Life 
 
 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 
 the ChangeYourLife blog  * Inspiring You To Make A Positive Change In Your Life 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
  the ChangeYourLife blog  
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
