Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Manufacturing Execution Support Technician (MEST) - Evenings 
 Tilray 
 __Nanaimo, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Manufacturing Execution Support Technician (MEST) - Nanaimo, BC 
5 days per week (including Weekends - days will vary) 
4.30pm-12.30am 
 About Tilray 
Tilray is a global pioneer in cannabis research, cultivation, processing and distribution currently serving tens of thousands of patients in ten countries spanning five continents. 
Looking to develop your career at the forefront of a rapidly expanding industry? 
 Reporting to the MEST Supervisor, the Manufacturing Execution Support Technician will learn about department specific processes with an emphasis on room and equipment sanitation and preparing manufacturing rooms and equipment for the next day’s events. 
Role and Responsibilities 
Clean and sanitize manufacturing rooms and equipment 
Clean areas, including office, production and manufacturing areas 
Complete documentation related to task completion 
Set up of equipment for all manufacturing activities within the department 
Restock materials and supplies as needed 
Other duties as assigned by the manufacturing support team lead 
 Qualifications and Education Requirements 
High school diploma or equivalent 
One-year experience in a production/manufacturing environment 
Experience working with sanitization products and or cleaning equipment 
Previous experience using respirators to complete job related tasks is preferred 
Punctuality and reliability are essential 
Demonstrated ability to be “task focused” with meticulous attention to detail 
Ability to comprehend and communicate detailed instructions 
Experience with SOPs (standard operating procedures) is an asset 
Exposure to Good Documentation Practices (GDP) is preferred 
 Tilray welcomes applications from all qualified individuals and is committed to employment equity and diversity in the workplace. 
 Accommodations are available for applicants with disabilities throughout the recruitment process. If you require accommodations for interviews or other meetings, please advise when submitting your application. 
 Please note that Tilray does not authorize, engage, or sponsor any consultants, agencies or organizations that seek certain personal or financial information from you (e.g. passwords, login ids, credit card information). High Park does not charge any application, processing or onboarding fee at any stage of the recruitment or hiring process. 
 When replying to emails, please ensure the sender name and email address match exactly. Please also ensure the Reply-To address matches the sending address exactly. 
If you are concerned about the authenticity of an email, letter, or call purportedly from, for, or on behalf of High Park, please send an email inquiry to infosec@tilray.com 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
