WORK WITH INDIES beta 
 Newsletter 
 Browse Jobs 
 Art & Animation 
 Audio 
 Business & Operations 
 Design 
 Marketing & Community 
 Production 
 Programming 
 QA & CS 
 Writing 
 Post a Job 
 Back to all jobs See allArt & Animationjobs 
 2D Background Artist 
 KO_OP Apply for this Job 
 Posted 
 January 8, 2021 
 Contract 
 Canada 
 Remote 
 $50,000 CAD 
 KO_OP is a worker owned game studio. Founded in 2012, we've been experimenting with games and interactive art ever since. We are the makers of GNOG, Lara Croft GO: The Mirror of Spirits, Winding Worlds, and Goodbye Volcano High. Learn more about the studio at  ko-opmode.com . 
 We are looking to hire a 2D background artist on a fixed-term employment basis to help us finish  Goodbye Volcano High .  This position requires you to be legally able to work in Canada due to funding restrictions.  This position requires 30-40 hours' work a week. The rate for this position at KO_OP is based on a $50,000 CAD salary. The role includes private health insurance, 5 weeks paid vacation, and unlimited sick days. The length of the contract is expected to be 1 year. 
 The ideal candidate has experience with digital painting, backgrounds, environments, and strong fundamentals in lighting and colour. The background style will be painterly (without line art). 
 ‍ 
 The Job: 
 
 Ability to work within production deadlines and adhere to a scrum methodology (sprint-based system) 
 Report to the project's Art Director and Lead Background Artist 
 Ability to create art within game's approved art style and style guide 
 Support marketing team by providing occasional art and WIP assets to be used for promotional material 
 Ability to self-motivate and seek feedback 
 
 ‍ 
 We 're looking for: 
 
 A strong portfolio 
 Experience with painterly art and strong visual vocabulary 
 Someone with a comprehensive and demonstrated understanding of dynamic and cinematic shot compositions (i.e.: lighting, panning, etc.) 
 Someone who fits in well with our collaborative, creative culture 
 Someone who is self-motivated and seeks out feedback 
 Ability to deliver work matching the game's visual style and artistic directions 
 Great time-management and organisational skills 
 Excellent communication skills 
 Someone who currently resides and is legally able to work in Canada 
 
 ‍ 
 Please send us your portfolio, and short email about yourself with your application! There will be a paid art test if you are selected as a finalist for this position.  The deadline for this application is January 21st 2021. 
 You can apply at:   jobs@ko-opmode.com 
 ‍ 
 For reference of the type of backgrounds in the game please see the following: 
 ‍ 
 ‍ 
 **About Goodbye Volcano High 
** 
Fang is a typical 18-year-old dinosaur: they’re more concerned about their band going viral than they are about what happens after graduation. But when graduation is upstaged by terrible news, everything changes. Will they find time to figure themselves out? Can they balance navigating a changing world with a budding romance? During hard times, what do we owe each other?  Goodbye Volcano High  is a branching narrative adventure about the end of an era… and the start of a love story. 
 ‍ 
 Apply for this Job 
 related jobs 
 Impossible  is hiring a Environment Artistto join their team into work fromCanadaEnvironment ArtistImpossible  | CanadaLearn More 
 Lazy River is hiring a 3D Animator/Riggerto join their team into work fromAnywhere3D Animator/RiggerLazy River | AnywhereLearn More 
 uvula is hiring a 3D Environment Artistto join their team into work fromAnywhere3D Environment Artistuvula | AnywhereLearn More 
 inkle is hiring a Hand Drawn Animatorto join their team into work fromAnywhereHand Drawn Animatorinkle | AnywhereLearn More 
 KO_OP is hiring a 2D Background Artistto join their team into work fromCanada2D Background ArtistKO_OP | CanadaLearn More 
 Roboto Games is hiring a UI Artist/Generalistto join their team into work fromAnywhereUI Artist/GeneralistRoboto Games | AnywhereLearn More 
 Indie games are wonderful. So are the people that make them. 
 Make wonderful games. Be wonderful people. Work With Indies. 
 Thank you for joining the Work With Indies newsletter! The next issue will arrive on Sunday. 
 Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again. 
 *Sign up to receive a weekly digest of new indie career opportunities. 
 WORK WITH INDIES 
 We’ve been lucky to have some incredible jobs working at and partnering with some of the biggest brands in video games. 
 But we’ve never had more fun and been more fulfilled than when we were working with indie game developers. 
 Everyone in games should have that much fun. 
 Our hope is that Work With Indies will connect job seekers with the most rewarding, most inspirational, and most fun jobs they've ever had. 
 NAVIGATION 
 
 Post a Job 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 RSS 
 Communities 
 Nick's Cat 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 
 nathan@workwithindies.com 
 twitter.com/workwithindies 
 facebook.com/workwithindies 
 
 ^ 
 Made by 
 @natethenate 
 and 
 @nsuttner 
 for people who 
 indie games. 
 © 2021  A Lot of Happy LLC 
