Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Vocational Teacher - Starting a Business 
 ACCESS Adult Education and Career Training Centre 
 __Saint-Lambert, QC 
 Apply Now 
 Company description 
 ACCESS is the Adult Education Centre of the Riverside School Board. 
 ACCESS has been resource for the Riverside School Board community for over 35 years, empowering individuals who are 16 and older in their ongoing quest for academic and professional success. 
 Our Mission 
 Drawing from the vast experience of a Centre recognized by the Québec Ministry of Education, our team is committed to provide quality educational services to an adult population in a secure and respectful environment, thus helping the students to cultivate commitment and accountability in order to succeed in their learning and career objectives. 
 Job description 
 DESCRIPTION  The Riverside School Board is currently seeking bilingual qualified teachers to create a bank for online courses at  ACCESS Adult Education and Career Training Centre. 
 BILINGUAL TEACHER  We are seeking qualified bilingual teachers available to carry out the duties associated with the teaching of vocational training programs (contract or subbing) at our various vocational training centres located within our territory and for the  STARTING A BUSINESS  program. 
 REQUIREMENTS: 
 
 Hold a teaching permit. 
 OR have 3,000 hours of experience in one of the specializations for one of the specific vocational training programs listed above. 
 OR have completed 15 credits in one of the specializations for one of the specific vocational training programs listed above. 
 OR hold a legal authorization to teach. 
 
 Teaching experience is an asset. 
 START DATE: AS SOON AS POSSIBLE 
 SALARY AND WORKING CONDITIONS:  Salary and working conditions in accordance with the Teachers’ Collective Agreement. 
 Job Types: Part-time, Contract 
 Benefits: 
 
 Flexible Schedule 
 On-site Parking 
 Work From Home 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Teaching: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 Teaching Permit (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 Yes 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
