Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Strategic Management Area – Teaching Track Assistant Professor Position 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 The DeGroote School of Business at McMaster University invites applications for a teaching track position in the Strategic Management Area to be filled at the rank of Assistant Professor. The position will commence on July 1, 2019. The successful candidate will hold a doctoral degree in business from a reputable institution. The successful candidate will possess excellent teaching/classroom skills and will be expected to contribute to DeGroote’s academic programs at both its Hamilton and Burlington locations. The successful candidate will be expected to teach the undergraduate course in International Business and have significant experience with the case-method. S/he may be asked to teach other courses within the field of Strategic Management in our undergraduate and graduate programs, including MBA. S/he will also be expected to contribute to research and scholarship through attendance at research workshops and participation in prominent national and international academic conferences. Salary is commensurate with experience. 
 The Strategic Management Area is committed to excellence in both research and teaching and boasts several award-winning instructors. Area instructors teach in a number of programs at both the undergraduate and graduate levels across the faculty. We support a culture that embraces bold, interdisciplinary thinking; drives the creation and application of evidence-based knowledge; and expects collegial activity undertaken with integrity. The DeGroote School of Business is one of six faculties at McMaster and we believe in experiential learning: complementing classroom studies with hands-on experience. DeGroote employs approximately 90 full time faculty members with total student enrollment of 4100 across the Commerce, MBA, MFin, PhD, and EMBA programs. 
 How To Apply 
 All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. The search begins immediately and applications will be considered until the position is filled. Please apply online via the McMaster Academic Careers website: (http://www.workingatmcmaster.ca/careers/), (Faculty Postings, Job Opening ID: 24288). 
 Candidates should submit a cover letter, statement of teaching and possibly research interests, curriculum vitae, evidence of teaching effectiveness, published cases and/or textbooks, and the names and contact information of at least three references. These documents must be collated into one PDF file saved with a file name containing your first and last name. 
 Direct your application documents to: 
 Attention:  Dr. Nick Bontis, Chair, Strategic Management Area 
DeGroote School of Business, McMaster University 
1280 Main Street West, Hamilton, Ontario, Canada LMS 4M4 
 To comply with the Government of Canada’s reporting requirements, the University is obliged to gather information about applicants’ status as either Permanent Residents of Canada or Canadian citizens. Applicants need not identify their country of origin or current citizenship; however, all applications must include one of the following statements: 
 Yes, I am a citizen or permanent resident of Canada 
 No, I am not a citizen or permanent resident of Canada 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and, within the lands protected by the “Dish with One Spoon” wampum agreement. 
 In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity, diversity and inclusion. While all qualified candidates are invited to apply, we particularly welcome applications from women, persons with disabilities, First Nations, Métis and Inuit peoples, members of visible minorities, and LGBTQ+ persons. Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact the Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247) or the Faculty of Health Sciences Human Resources office at ext. 22207 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
