Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Sunnybrook Research Institute - Research Coordinator (11102020B) 
 Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Sunnybrook Research Institute – Research Coordinator 
 Temporary Full time, 1 year term with possibility of renewal 
 Time:  37.5 hours/week (Monday – Friday 8am-4pm) 
 The Sunnybrook Research Institute is seeking an enthusiastic, energetic, and experienced individual to work in a fast-paced clinical research environment in the Department of Anesthesia. The successful incumbent will work directly with the Research Manager and Principal Investigators to assist in the SAVE-ICU study and other research study operations. 
 SAVE-ICU is a CIHR funded multicentre clinical trial enrolling COVID and non-COVID critically ill patients. This trial compares two different sedative medications for ventilated patients. The main responsibilities for this trial are screening participants for eligibility using both electronic health records and patient paper chart, conducting informed consent discussions with substitute decision makers, and liaising with research staff (i.e., study MDs, anesthesia technicians, etc.). All patients who are positive or suspected to have COVID-19 are placed in appropriate single isolated rooms within intensive care units. You will have no direct contact with these patients. As per all intensive care unit trials, you will be required to intermittently enter ICU units to review patient paper charts, which are located outside the patient’s room and to wear an appropriate face mask as per hospital policy. 
 Primary Responsibilities: 
 Interact with a variety of patients:  intensive care, trauma, cardiac. 
Assist with patient screening, recruitment and consent. 
Prepare study documents, data collection forms, and database development. 
Perform study outcome assessments (in person and follow-up phone calls), handle necessary paperwork, data abstraction and data entry. 
Prepare REB applications for submission. 
Maintain research databases and perform audits to ensure data integrity and accuracy. 
Assist with literature searches, data analysis, abstracts, posters and manuscript preparation. 
Assist in the development of guidelines and standard operating procedures. 
Maintain ongoing professional communication with staff (doctors, fellows, residents, and coworkers) in order to help maintain comprehensive patient care. 
Protect and maintain participant confidentiality at all times. 
Perform other administrative tasks as necessary. 
 Skills and Qualifications: 
BSc in a health-related discipline. MSc/PhD is an asset. 
2+ years of clinical research experience (critical care experience would be a welcome). 
Self-directed and detail oriented. 
Trained in TCPS2, Division 5, and ICH GCP training. 
Experience with Health Canada studies. 
Exceptional organizational skills and attention to detail with capacity to manage multiple responsibilities in a timely manner. 
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills (both written and verbal) with ability to work both independently and in a team environment. 
Strong computer skills and competence with Microsoft programs (Word, Excel, Access, PowerPoint) and statistical programs (SPSS). 
 Qualified candidates are invited to submit a cover letter and resume to: lilia.kaustov@sunnybrook.ca 
 We thank you in advance for your interest. Only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. No phone calls please. 
 Sunnybrook Research Institute is committed to providing accessible employment practices that are in compliance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA). If you require accommodation for disability during any stage of the recruitment process, please indicate this in your cover letter. 
 Sunnybrook Research Institute is strongly committed to inclusion and diversity within its community and welcomes all applicants including but not limited to: visible minorities, all religions and ethnicities, persons with disabilities, LGBTQ persons, and all others who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas. 
 Sunnybrook Research Institute is committed to providing accessible employment practices that are in compliance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA). If you require accommodation for disability during any stage of the recruitment process, please indicate this in your cover letter. 
 Sunnybrook Research Institute is strongly committed to inclusion and diversity within its community and welcomes all applicants including but not limited to: visible minorities, all religions and ethnicities, persons with disabilities, LGBTQ persons, and all others who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
