Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Account Director 
 Valtech North America 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Here’s a little about us: 
Valtech is a global business transformation agency delivering innovation with a purpose. We enable clients to anticipate tomorrow’s trends and connect more directly with consumers across their digital touch points while optimizing time-to-market and ROI. We are a network of more than 3000 innovators, design thinkers, marketers, creatives and developers spanning 5 continents with offices in 16 countries (USA, UK, Canada, France, Germany, Netherlands, Sweden, Switzerland, Denmark, Brazil, China, India, Australia, Singapore, Argentina, Ukraine). While our expertise is in technology, marketing and experience design, our passion is in addressing transformational business challenges for our clients, including strategy consulting, service design, technology services, and optimization of business-critical digital platforms for multichannel e-commerce and marketing. 
 What we are looking for: 
We are looking for a new Account Director for our office in Toronto. If you’re up for the challenge you have a chance to join us in the pursuit of becoming the leading digital agency internationally. We are well underway with offices worldwide and North America. But there is still work to be done. Lots of work! 
 What you will do: 
You will work closely with an international portfolio of clients. Reporting to our VP Client Services and working with our Business Development team, you’ll define go-to-market strategies and tactics for each client. You’ll deal with our clients on a daily basis, presenting digital strategies, projects and ideas and taking their responses back to our digital team behind the scenes. 
 You will be a digital advisor and consultant. Our goal is to give our clients a competitive advantage by designing digital platforms that deliver tangible results. You will work to make this happen, melding the best of creativity and technology to help our clients drive stronger brand-customer relationships in this increasingly complex world. 
 You will be a digital matchmaker. You will work with potential clients and help them see why they need us. And you will work with our team to figure out how we can help potential clients. Think of it as digital matchmaking – finding the clients and Valtech services that are perfectly suited for each other. 
 You will know our clients, inside and out. You know their market, their business conditions, their competitors and you can suggest projects that can help them. You are quick to identify new stakeholders within existing clients, talk to them, get to know them and make them fall in love with what we do. 
 You will know our teams. One of your primary responsibilities is to make sure that opportunities fall within the comfort zone of our delivery teams. Yet you also have an eye for how to develop our teams, constantly pushing them by giving them tasks that are a bit beyond what they’ve done before. In other words, we’re looking to break boundaries in manageable doses. That’s how we develop ourselves and our client(s) and remain competitive. Your role will be to help us do that. 
 What you should have: 
You know digital. You follow all the right people, watch the TED talks, listen to the podcasts, attend the conferences and are up-to-speed on the latest developments in this rapidly evolving industry. You’re that annoying person that always seems to know about the latest tech and trends first and you’re not shy about letting everyone know you know. You have a knowledge of customer experience management platforms like Sitecore, Episerver, and Adobe Experience Manager. You have the ability to identify opportunities to address client needs by leveraging the right strategy and technology to add the most value. 
 You’ve got experience. We expect that you’ve worked with client engagement within the digital sphere for the past several years. 
 You’re a team player. You can work both internally and externally with multidisciplinary teams. You can move freely in and out of different cultures, and liaise with all levels of an organization. 
 You’re a born presenter. This job requires a lot of face time with clients. You need to be comfortable leading meetings, making phone calls, giving presentations and interacting with clients on a daily basis. 
 You’re a juggler. We balance a lot of projects at one time. You need to thrive in a fast-paced environment, be able to multi-task and prioritize correctly, and know when to ask for guidance. 
 You don’t mind getting out from behind your desk. You’ll be based at our Toronto office, but as we’re part of an international group, you’ll also be collaborating with our offices around the world. So bring your passport – some traveling can be expected. 
 What we offer: 
We offer competitive compensation, great benefits including Medical, Dental and Vision benefits 
We close over the winter holidays and keep summer hours to help you make the most of those sunny Friday afternoons 
Collaborate, supportive culture 
Monthly events with an active culture club 
We provide a flexible work schedule that supports work/life balance 
Professional development and training opportunities-Valtech Academy 
 Valtech Values: 
SHARE DARE CARE 
 Want to be part of a great company? Then join our fast-growing business/team and apply now. We're excited to hear from you! 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
