
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Stilt (W16) 
 We use technology to extend credit to immigrants. Our first product is a loan for visa holders (F-1, OPT, H-1B, etc). You can get our loans the first day you arrive in the U.S. 
 Senior Product Designer (Full Time or Contractor) 
 0.00% - 0.50% 
 Location 
 Remote 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 3+ years 
 About Stilt 
 About the role 
 Stilt is a Y Combinator backed (W16) financial services company focused on immigrants. We use proprietary and public data sources to predict creditworthiness of immigrants with limited or zero credit history. 
 We are backed by fintech investors including Y Combinator, Hillsven Capital, Petrushka investments (early backer of Lending Club, Zillow, Check, Pets.com), and CEOs of billion-dollar fintech companies. We are at an inflection point in the company's journey and looking for someone to lead and scale our content marketing efforts. 
 The role at a higher level: We are looking for our first Product Designer at Stilt. This is a great opportunity for you to own end to end design at the company. Building trust with design is crucial in financial services and you will have autonomy in driving product design to delight our users. You will be responsible for understanding complex user challenges and crafting simple solutions. You will collaborate with engineering, operations, compliance, credit risk, and marketing teams to implement and iterate on these solutions. The ideas you implement will be foundational and drive the company for years to come. 
 If you are excited about talking to users, developing solutions to complex problems, building trust with design, and helping a population that’s long been discriminated financially, we are interested in talking to you. 
 Who will I work with? You will closely work with the CEO, CTO, Head of Marketing, and Head of Credit Risk, and Head of Operations. 
 You will: 
 
 Lead research and understand complex challenges faced by existing and potential users 
 Inform design strategy and be an advocate for better design practices to increase user trust 
 Prototype and design simple and robust solutions to solve these challenges for internal and external users 
 Lead all design functions for existing and future products 
 Work with multiple teams to bring users’ needs to life and iterate based on feedback 
 
 In your background, you have: 
 
 5+ years of experience working in a design (or similar) role at startups (preferably consumer focused) 
 Developed and shipped complex product features for both internal and external users 
 Worked on desktop and mobile products including apps (experience with fintech products is helpful) 
 Developed your own iconography, illustrations, and other elements of design systems from scratch 
 Worked in a collaborative team to build beautiful products loved by users 
 Shown relentless execution and attention of detail for projects you have shipped 
 
 The rest of the team: We are a small but growing team based in San Francisco. All of us take pride in our work and give our best at all times. Our team is comprised of immigrants, DACA holders, and U.S. citizens. We speak 6 different languages amongst the team but share the same values. We care about company values and measure ourselves on how well we serve our customers. 
 Come and help us build a more financially inclusive world. 
 Technology 
 Other jobs at Stilt 
 Senior Product Designer (Full Time or Contractor) 
 fulltime 
 Remote 
 UI / UX 
 0.00% - 0.50% 
 3+ years 
 Senior Mobile Engineer 
 fulltime 
 Remote / Remote 
 iOS 
 $80k - $120k 
 0.10% - 0.25% 
 3+ years 
 STILT (YCW16) Is hiring Senior Software Developer - Backend  
 fulltime 
 Remote / Remote 
 Full Stack 
 $80k - $100k 
 0.10% - 0.25% 
 3+ years 
 Software Developer Engineer 
 fulltime 
 Remote / Remote 
 Backend 
 $50k - $80k 
 0.10% - 0.20% 
 1+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
