
 
 About
 
 Corporate 
 Mission and Vision 
 Focus Areas 
 Chief Now Officer 
 Partners 
 Events 
 
 Discovery Session 
 Upcoming Events 
 Previous Events 
 Events Photo Gallery 
 
 
 WOYN Book & Other Resources
 
 WOYN - 7 Life Sessions 
 Buy The Book 
 Motivational 
 
 
 
 
 Blog 
 Podcasts 
 Contact Us 
 Search 
 Menu  Menu 
 
 Blog - Latest News 
 You are here:  Home 1 /  Careers 2 / Who You Don't Know CAN Hurt You! 
 
 Who You Don't Know CAN Hurt You!   
 April 24, 2017/ 0 Comments /in  Careers  /by  Lori Beard-Daily 
 How did that last job interview go? Or better yet, how many jobs have you applied for online and you haven't heard a reply back? Does it seem as if you were rejected as soon as you hit the send button? 
 What you don't know about the post-interview process CAN hurt you. So, listen up. 
 Sometimes it 's not what you know, it's who you know 
 It's a fact. Those referrals are the most cost-effective and effective methods to hiring a strong candidate. When you get an opportunity, poll several people who have been working at their jobs for a significant amount of time. Ask them how they got the job. You may be surprised that they were referred. 
 I was at a restaurant one day and overheard a conversation between a young unemployed lawyer who was talking to a seasoned lawyer. It was amazing as to how many leads this young attorney received. She also received tips on how to interview with some of the tops firms she was interested in. By the time their meeting was over, this person was armed with contacts, recommendations, and a list of referrals. If everyone had that type of headstart, imagine how many people could successfully get hired! 
 Not everyone is as lucky to meet a helpful mentor. Here's a little insight as to why you may not have received any call backs yet regarding your last interview. 
 1. Just don 't have time 
 It's hard to believe that this can be a reason that a recruiter has not gotten back with a candidate. After all, it's their job to find the right person for the job. But, sometimes if you are one of the first candidates to be interviewed, you can slip through the cracks because there were other candidates that came after you that were more memorable, or the interview process is so lengthy that they don't come back to the initial candidates who interviewed. Another possibility is that the job does not need to be filled right away. Yes, I agree, it would be nice for them to let you know that, but that's rarely if ever the case. 
 In any case, the employer has extra time to go through the hiring process and might get back to you…eventually. 
 2. You were rejected 
 This may happen often and you don't even know it because there are no calls or emails. Things just go dead and leave you wondering what happened. 
 If your gut tells you that you probably didn't get the job after a few weeks of waiting, then go with your gut. Just keep up the process. Something should eventually come through if you are resourceful and diligent. 
 3. Legal concerns may be justified 
 Many people will use any excuse to have grounds for a lawsuit. So this is another reason why you may not be getting a call to let you know that you weren't hired. It's easier for the company not to contact and void possible questions about why you weren't hired. It's not fair, but times have changed and this standard appears to be more of the norm. 
 4. Radio silence probably means goodbye 
 Sometimes you get lucky and have a hiring manager provide you with feedback. But to avoid getting into answering any follow-up questions many avoid all communication. This radio silence can prevent them from potentially getting into unforeseen trouble or possibly taking the chance of offending someone. If by chance a hiring manager did offer a reason as to why you weren’t hired, they might fear that you’ll contact them again with more questions. 
 To avoid having that line of communication—and potentially getting into trouble—the interviewer may go radio silent for future questions. If you've experienced any of these examples, you cannot allow yourself to sit and ponder about why employers have not responded to your job interviews. Taking this sort of behavior personally will not be beneficial for you as you continue your job search. Stay positive and believe in yourself. Know that your dream job is out there waiting for you to find it! 
 Tags:   career ,  interview ,  rejection 
 Share this entry 
 
 Share on Facebook 
 Share on Twitter 
 Share on WhatsApp 
 Share on Pinterest 
 Share on LinkedIn 
 Share on Tumblr 
 Share on Vk 
 Share on Reddit 
 Share by Mail 
 
 https://workingonyournow.com/wp-content/uploads/2017/04/whatdontknowcanthurt.jpg 340 600 Lori Beard-Daily https://workingonyournow.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/08/WOYN_HD_30percent.png Lori Beard-Daily2017-04-24 22:56:172017-04-24 23:03:43Who You Don't Know CAN Hurt You! 
 You might also like 
   New Year - Now What?   
   Stop Dreaming and Start Scheming   
   Are you are off the grid?   
   All Talk and No Action   
   Is Your Job, Work?   
   Who You Don 't Know CAN Hurt You!   
 Recent Posts 
 
 How Do I Love Thee? Let Me Count the Ways 
 Two Questions 
 New Year - Now What? 
 1% Better 
 Financial Habits 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 Darrlyn Averhart on  Too Stressed to Impress 
 Carol Dunlop on  Too Stressed to Impress 
 Maryann Murphy  on  Celebrate Mistakes. Yes That's Correct, Celebrate. 
 FLW on  Just Keep It Movin'! 
 Kei on  For Once, Just Let Time Pass You By 
 
 Like Us On Facebook 
 Recent Articles 
 
   How Do I Love Thee? Let Me Count the Ways February 14, 2019 - 3:44 pm 
   Two Questions January 20, 2019 - 7:31 pm 
   New Year - Now What?January 2, 2019 - 1:46 pm 
   1% Better October 23, 2018 - 3:47 pm 
   Financial Habits September 17, 2018 - 1:00 pm 
 
 Tweets by @ruWOYN 
 (C) Copyright -  Working On Your Now  -  Enfold WordPress Theme by Kriesi 
 
 About 
 Blog 
 Podcasts 
 Contact Us 
 
  The Tax Man Cometh   When is the last time you checked your Integrity?  
 Scroll to top 
 Get More Insight into WOYN! 
 WE'RE HERE TO HELP YOU GET STARTED ON YOUR JOURNEY! 
 __ __ 
 2018 Working On Your Now © All rights reserved. 
 Subscribe 
 × 
 Thanks for joining WOYN! 
 WE'RE HERE TO HELP YOU GET STARTED! 
 2018 Working On Your Now © All rights reserved. 
 × 
