Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Sales Specialist - Home Appliances 
 Réno-Dépôt 
 __Laval, QC 
 Apply Now 
 Meet Lowe’s Canada, a team of more than 26,000 employees across the country who all share the same purpose: to help Canadians love where they live. Our associates demonstrate this commitment every day by constantly seeking to satisfy their customers and by putting their heart into making a difference in the communities we serve. 
 Our home improvement family operates or services more than 470 corporate and affiliated dealer stores. With a distinctive product and service offering and complementary store formats ranging from neighbourhood hardware stores to big box stores, our Lowe’s, RONA, Reno-Depot, Dick’s Lumber are always looking for dedicated associates to help meet the needs of all DIYers and contractors. 
 So, join a Canadian leader headquartered in Boucherville, Quebec, be part of something bigger as we expand our horizon and discover a world of opportunities! 
 Your role 
 The Sales Specialist – Home Appliances provides customers with expert advice and detailed information to close the sale. 
 Responsibilities 
 Provide customers with specialized and sound advice on all home appliance products as well as supporting products, warranty plans, and financing plans (if applicable), with the focus being on closing the sale 
Achieve the weekly, monthly, and annual sales targets while meeting margin goals 
Stay informed of in-store promotions and marketing initiatives 
Ensure a safe work environment by adhering to the Company’s merchandising and health and safety policies 
Proactively approach customers to offer the best customer service and assess their needs 
Be able to multitask 
Job Requirements 
 The qualifications we are looking for 
 You are a good listener with strong analytical skills? You have sales experience and outstanding customer service skills? Then you have what it takes to be part of our team! 
 Note:  This form indicates the general nature and level of work performed by employees with this job title. It is not designed to contain nor should it be interpreted as a comprehensive inventory of all duties, responsibilities, and qualifications of all employees with this title. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
