
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Manager of Undergraduate Laboratories 
 Rochester Institute of Technology 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Manager of Undergraduate Laboratories 
 Rochester Institute of Technology 
 [](mailto:?subject=Manager%20of%20Undergraduate%20Laboratories&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/14302328/manager-of-undergraduate-laboratories/ "Email")  
 Application 
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 January 12, 2021 
 Location: 
 Rochester, New York 
 __ Show Map 
 Salary: 
 Open 
 Type: 
 Full-time 
 Manager of Undergraduate Laboratories 
5472BR 
College of Science 
COS School of Chemistry and Materials Science 
 Professional Area: 
 Employment Category:  Fulltime 
 Staff Job Function:   Wage Band: 
 Department/College Description 
SCMS offers undergraduate degrees in Chemistry and Biochemistry, Master's degrees in Chemistry and Materials Science & Engineering, and several BS/MS program options. The school currently has 22 faculty members and supports approximately 150 BS Chemistry and Biochemistry majors, and 37 MS students in Chemistry and Materials Science & Engineering. Our instructors deliver over 6,500 student credit hours (17% of the COS total) per year with a large service component (>50%) for general chemistry. For more information on our school, please visit our web page at  https://www.rit.edu/science/scms . 
 The RIT College of Science offers 13 undergraduate programs and 14 graduate programs including 4 PhD and 17 BS/MS programs. The College has established an inclusive community that embraces social justice and equity among our education, research, and the scientific community at large. Our students benefit from the intersection of science and technology at RIT, including access and training with state-of-the-art laboratory equipment and facilities starting in their first year at RIT. As one of the top external grant-funded colleges on campus, the College of Science gives students unrivaled opportunities to engage in real-world research with supportive faculty mentors. Our alumni stand out from their peers at Cornell, MIT, Harvard, Regeneron, St. Judes Childrens Research Hospital, and the Cleveland Clinic, just to name a few. 
 RIT is committed to creating an inclusive workplace that promotes and values diversity. 
 Detailed Job Description 
The School of Chemistry & Materials Science (SCMS) at the Rochester Institute of Technology (RIT) invites applications for a Manager of Undergraduate Laboratories staff position, beginning in 2021. Responsibilities within SCMS include: 
 
 Development, in consultation with faculty, of novel and dynamic undergraduate instructional lab curriculum. 
 Training and supervision of teaching assistants (TA's) and instructors that also includes weekly meetings to convey: experimental logistics and goals and laboratory safety. 
 Teaching 1-2 introductory/intermediate courses (100-300 level) per year along with all the expectations of an instructor. 
 Monitoring labs to ensure compliance with safety regulations. This includes notifying Facilities Management Services of any infrastructure problems with the labs. 
 Setting up and preparing class demonstrations as requested. This includes open houses and other special events. 
 Managing overall quality control of teaching lab operations including inspection of lab equipment and scheduling regular maintenance of existing equipment. 
 Assisting with and providing guidance for financial decisions related to instructional labs. 
 Managing chemical hygiene plans. 
 Monitoring production of hazardous waste and toxic materials from laboratories. 
 Sitting on the RIT safety committee. 
 Selecting, training, managing, scheduling, and supervising student stockroom technicians. 
 Managing stockroom inventory and submitting purchase orders. 
 Performing routine record keeping and report writing. 
 Ordering, receiving, taking inventory, and stocking materials, supplies, and equipment for laboratory use in the main stockroom, satellite locations, and labs. 
 Act as a first responder and coordinate emergency personnel in emergency situations, such as chemical spills, fires, and floods. 
 Other duties as assigned. 
 
 Required Minimum Qualifications 
The successful applicant will have a track record that demonstrates: 
 
 Master's degree in Chemistry or related discipline. 
 At least five years working in an academic environment in chemistry or a related field. 
 Successful student supervision. 
 Excellence in teaching and pedagogy as illustrated by teaching evaluations 
 The ability to create and implement engaging chemical laboratory materials (experiments, procedures, etc.) 
 The ability to work without direct supervision and to make good judgments. 
 The ability to distinguish between nonessential, essential, and serious situations quickly and give directions accordingly. 
 The use of word processing, spreadsheet and database software applications to track materials and resources and to generate reports. 
 The ability to work well with undergraduate and graduate students in managing multiple laboratory sections at the same time. 
 
 Preferred Qualifications 
 Required Application Documents 
 How to Apply 
In order to be considered for this position, you must apply for it at:  http://careers.rit.edu/staff . Click the link for search openings and in the keyword search field, enter the title of the position or the BR number. 
The direct link to this posting can be found here:  https://sjobs.brassring.com/ 
 Additional Details 
 _Rochester Institute of Technology, the 10th largest private university in the U.S., is among the worlds leading technological universities. Its 18,000 undergraduate and graduate students from all 50 states and more than 100 countries are enrolled in over 200 academic programs, including 7 interdisciplinary Ph.D. programs. A pioneer in experiential education, RIT was the first to offer undergraduate degree programs in biotechnology, information technology, software engineering, and microelectronic engineering. As home to the National Technical Institute for the Deaf, the university offers unparalleled academic opportunities and services for the deaf and hard-of-hearing. Founded in 1829, RIT has 115,000 alumni throughout the United States and around the world. RIT has been named by the Chronicle of Higher Education as one of the Great Colleges to Work For. RIT is a National Science Foundation ADVANCE Institutional Transformation site, and is responsive to the needs of dual-career couples through the Upstate NY Higher Education Recruitment Consortium. For more information, visit www.rit.edu/overview/rankings-and-recognition  and  www.rit.edu . 
 As a member of the RIT community employees receive a well-balanced benefits package that offers a variety of choices and access to additional employment advantages. These benefits, combined with an employees pay, provide a total compensation package that can be tailored to meet your needs. More on RITs Benefits, Health & Wellness program can be found at:  https://www.rit.edu/fa/humanresources/content/benefits-health-and-wellness _ 
 RIT does not discriminate. RIT is an equal opportunity employer that promotes and values diversity, pluralism, and inclusion. For more information or inquiries, please visit RIT/TitleIX or the U.S. Department of Education at ED.Gov 
 Copyright 2017 Jobelephant.com Inc. All rights reserved. 
 Posted by the FREE value-added recruitment advertising agency 
 jeid-5f38cabc635b8f49ada92137e5e3807c 
 
 
 Internal Number: 2118653 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About Rochester Institute of Technology 
 Founded in 1829, Rochester Institute of Technology is a diverse and collaborative community of engaged, socially conscious, and intellectually curious minds. Through creativity and innovation, and an intentional blending of technology, the arts and design, we provide exceptional individuals with a wide range of academic opportunities, including a leading research program and an internationally recognized education for deaf and hard-of-hearing students. Beyond our main campus in Rochester, New York, RIT has international campuses in China, Croatia, Dubai, and Kosovo. And with more than 19,000 students and more than 125,000 graduates from all 50 states and over 100 nations, RIT is driving progress in industries and communities around the world. Find out more at www.rit.edu . 
 Connections working at Rochester Institute of Technology 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 More Jobs Like This 
 
 
 
 Software Engineer 
 __  Cambridge, Massachusetts 
 
 
 
 
 Massachusetts Institute of Technology (MIT) 
 __Yesterday 
 
 
 Assistant Teaching Professor - Electrical Engineering or Computer Engineering 
 __  Syracuse, New York 
 
 
 Syracuse University 
 __2 Days Ago 
 
 
 Programmer/Data Scientist 
 __  New York City 
 
 
 New York University 
 __1 Week Ago 
 
 
 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
