Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 PAYROLL AND BENEFITS ADMINISTRATOR 
 Molded Precision Components 
 __Oro-Medonte, ON 
 Apply Now 
 JOIN IN THE BATTLE AGAINST COVID-19 
 MPC has joined in the fight against Covid-19 and we are seeking out the most talented, reliable and personable individuals to join us in our fight. MPC is not a division of a major corporation. We are a very successful owner-operated, plastic injection molding company. Our maxim is: “Do unto others as you would have them do unto you.” In short, we treat all employees as family and we respect that each team member, regardless of his or her function or title is equally important to the overall success of the company. We are currently in the process of transforming our facility to help supply badly needed medical devices in the battle against Covid-19. 
 With a commitment to excellence, a thriving culture and by the implementation of leading technologies, Molded Precision Components has become a World-Class injection molding company. We specialize in design, tooling, automation, production of precision plastic components, and scientific injection moulding. 
 JOB PURPOSE 
 The payroll and benefits administrator is responsible for all aspects concerning payroll and will be acting as the primary officer for wages and group benefits for the company. 
 DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES 
 
 Utilizing system software to accurately record, edit, and process hours worked to calculate bi-weekly payroll 
 Investigate and respond to employee questions and concerns regarding payroll and benefits 
 Accurately collect, enter and update, as required, new employee information and enrollment with company group benefit programs 
 Prepare and processing payroll deposits 
 Maintain accurate records of payroll documentation and transactions 
 Prepare financial reports for management review 
 Perform account balancing and payroll reconciliations 
 Calculate and reconcile government remittance accounts including WSIB, EHT and PIER reports 
 Prepare ROE’s 
 Supporting the Accounting and Human Resources departments as required 
 
 Qualifications 
 
 Post-Secondary Education desired- preferably in Business Administration 
 Member in CPA considered an asset 
 Pursuing or achieved PCP designation preferred 
 Relevant work experience an asset 
 Proficient in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint & Outlook) 
 Excellent communication skills- both written and verbal 
 Strong planning and organizational skills 
 Time management skills 
 Keen attention to detail 
 
 WHAT WE OFFER: 
 
 Our Culture, MPC provides a dynamic environment that challenges and rewards your technical skills. We are honoured to provide our valued Team Members with an environment where they can grow and thrive both professionally and personally. If you’re looking for a real career opportunity, this could be the place for you! 
 We have a real family-style atmosphere in our facility, and we love to have BBQ’s, golf tournaments, bike club and bowling (just to name a few!) 
 Career Development in a positive and enjoyable working environment 
 Medical benefits, Dental benefits, Vision care benefits and life insurance 
 Profit-Sharing 
 Access to our on-site fitness center 
 Free membership to Bliss Ann Green Yoga in Barrie 
 Clean, safe and stable working environment 
 
 **  WANT TO GET A BETTER LOOK AT MPC? CHECK OUT OUR WEBSITE AND OUR VIDEOS ** 
 _  VIDEOS SERIES:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TI9d4dWT7wU_ 
 _  WEBSITE:  https://www.mpccomponents.com/careers/_ 
 MPC is committed to fair and accessible employment practices that attract and retain Associates with disabilities. This includes providing accessibility across all stages of the employment cycle. Accommodation is available upon request. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Salary: $40,000.00-$50,000.00 per year 
 Job Type: Full-time 
 Salary: $40,000.00-$55,000.00 per year 
 Job Type: Full-time 
 Salary: $40,000.00-$55,000.00 per year 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Benefits Administration: 1 year (Preferred) 
 Benefits: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
