__Primary Menu 
 
 HOME 
 FOR ORGANIZATIONS 
 
 Consulting Services 
 Workshops / Seminars 
 Executive / Leadership Coaching 
 Leadership Quiz 
 Free Resources 
 
 
 ONE-ON-ONE COACHING 
 
 What is Coaching? 
 Book Your Free Discovery Session 
 Tailored Coaching Packages 
 Life Satisfaction Quiz 
 Confidentiality 
 Free Resources 
 
 
 CAREER SERVICES 
 
 CV Writing Services 
 LinkedIn Profile 
 Interview & Career Coaching 
 
 
 ABOUT US 
 
 Meet the Team 
 Success Stories 
 Giving Back to the Community 
 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
   
 
 Free Resources 
 Look at your World from a Different Perspective 
 Category: Career Coaching 
 4 Ways to Pivot Your Career 
 December 17, 2019.Reading time 6 minutes. 
 
 Have you ever thought about making a career shift? Do you feel stuck and unsure about where to start? Pivoting your career might be the answer! 
 Read More 
 5 Mistakes You are Making In Your Elevator Pitch 
 December 12, 2019.Reading time 6 minutes. 
 
 Here are 5 common mistakes people make when delivering their elevator pitch 
 Read More 
 8 Ways To Achieve Mindfulness At Work 
 August 1, 2018.Reading time 15 minutes. 
 
 Practicing mindfulness at work can be rather challenging. Here are 8 ways to be more mindful in the workplace while boosting your happiness and productivity levels. 
 Read More 
 5 Ways for Introverts to Survive and Thrive in the Workplace 
 June 19, 2018.Reading time 6 minutes. 
 
 Introverts are characterized as people who prefer calm and significantly less stimulating environment. Introverts are more likely to feel drained when in social situations and they regain their energy when they are alone. There is a large population out there in this world who fall into this category and just like everyone else, they are […] 
 Read More 
 Top 10 Skills Employers Look for in an Intern 
 January 28, 2018.Reading time 8 minutes. 
 
 Here are the top ten skills and personality traits employers are looking for when hiring interns / fresh graduates 
 Read More 
 5 Career Tips for 2018 (in the UAE) 
 January 8, 2018.Reading time 4 minutes. 
 
 If you have decided to take your career to the next level in 2018, here are 5 tips to get you started. 1. Take Responsibility For Your Development Needs Training budgets were low in 2017 and this is unlikely to improve much in 2018. It is no longer your organization’s responsibility to manage your career. Your […] 
 Read More 
 10 Tips For A Successful Career Fair 
 March 31, 2017.Reading time 9 minutes. 
 
 Career fairs are a great way to look for a job / part-time job / internship. Whether you are a young professional, a fresh graduate or a student, career fairs will have great opportunities up for grab. If you are planning on attending career fairs, make sure you are prepared to successfully navigate your way […] 
 Read More 
 10 Standard Interview Questions & Tips on How to Answer Them 
 March 31, 2017.Reading time 14 minutes. 
 
 Tell me about yourself This is probably the most common one. It is not a question, but an invitation for you to share with the interviewer what you believe is important for them to know in order to make an informed hiring decision. Take this invitation as an opportunity to emphasize on what you have […] 
 Read More 
 8 Strategies To Prevent Poor & Costly Hiring Decisions 
 February 3, 2017.Reading time 14 minutes. 
 
 Great companies are made from great employees, and great employees are found through outstanding hiring processes. Unfortunately, each year, organizations pay a huge cost related to poor hiring. This cost not only includes interview, travels, accommodation, visa and on-boarding expenses, but can also include poor employee morale, reduced productivity and damaged corporate brand reputation. High […] 
 Read More 
 Posts navigation 
 Older posts 
 Search Search 
 Categories 
 
 Business  (4) 
 Career Coaching  (13) 
 Self-Improvement  (16) 
 Uncategorized  (1) 
 
 Social 
 
 View @Mcoachingandconsulting's profile on Facebook 
 View @momentumcoachingconsulting's profile on Instagram 
 [View MomentuM Coaching & Consulting's profile on LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/MomentuM Coaching & Consulting/) 
 
 Instagram 
 No Instagram images were found. 
 Follow MomentuM 
 Enter your email address to follow us and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 14 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
