Skip to main content 
  (Company name) Work in Fernie   Toggle navigation 
 
 Find A Job 
 Post A Job 
 What's New 
 Resources 
 __ 
 __ 
 Get Job Alerts 
 
  (Company name) Work in Fernie  
 
 Find A Job 
 Post A Job 
 What's New 
 Resources 
 __ 
 __ 
 Get Job Alerts 
 
   
 Fernie Chamber of Commerce  /  Job Board  / Mountain Pantry Grocery & Liquor Store Supervisor 
 
 
 December 29, 2020 
 
 
 Mountain Pantry Grocery & Liquor Store Supervisor 
 
 
 Company - Fernie Alpine Resort 
 
 
 Apply Now 
   
 Fernie Chamber of Commerce  /  Job Board  / Mountain Pantry Grocery & Liquor Store Supervisor 
 Apply Now 
 
 
 Full Time 
 
 
 Winter 
 
 
 Food & Beverage 
 
 
 Resorts of the Canadian Rockies Inc. is looking to fill the full-time position of Mountain Pantry Grocery & Liquor Store Supervisor at Fernie Alpine Resort. The ideal candidate will have previous cash/retail leadership experience, will be an excellent communicator with strong oral communication skills, have an excellent knowledge of MSWord and Excel and a customer service orientation. Some of the responsibilities of the position include, but are not limited to: 
 Duties: 
 
 To ensure a comfortable and friendly atmosphere for both guests and staff 
 To assist and up-sell guests at every opportunity 
 Responsible for the daily operation of all facets of the Mountain Pantry Store 
 Maintaining policies and procedures of RCR and F&B department 
 Hire, train, schedule, coach, mentor store staff 
 Coffee/Barista station duties 
 Cashier duties 
 Product ordering, stocking, inventory checks and reports 
 Resort support work daily –phone calls, general guest inquiries 
 Seasonal resort support work as required - Guest Services and Season Pass Sales 
 Know, support and enforce RCR Policy, Employee Handbook and Safety Management Program 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 Organized, independent worker 
 Cash/Retail experience required 
 Food Safe & Serving It Right certified 
 Previous experience in a leadership role required 
 
 This is a full time seasonal position with opportunity for growth. RCR offers industry competitive compensation and benefits in a great working environment. We are an equal opportunity employer and look forward to hearing from all qualified applicants. We thank all applicants for their interest in Resorts of the Canadian Rockies; however only those candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. If you are interested in this opportunity, please  apply online with resume and cover letter ASAP  to the attention of: 
 Phil Adrian, F&B Director 
 IMPORTANT NOTICE TO ALL APPLICANTS 
 Video applications are strongly recommended. Interviews will be conducted via Skype or Zoom. 
 **** Safety is No Accident 
 We are committed to an Occupational Health & Safety Program that protects all our employees and guests. 
 Respect of, and active participation in resort protocols by all employees and visitors every day is necessary for the 
 safety excellence that is expected. 
 Apply Now 
 About 
 The 'Work in Fernie'  workforce attraction website  and online job board was created and is administered by the Fernie Chamber of Commerce - in partnership with Tourism Fernie. Seed funding for the initiative was provided by the Government of British Columbia. 
 Contact 
 Email address protected by JavaScript. 
Please enable JavaScript to contact me. 
Follow us on  Instagram  and  Facebook 
 (250) 423-6868 
 102 Commerce Road, Fernie, BC, V0B 1M5 
 
 
 Employment 
 
 Find A Job 
 Employment Resources 
 About 
 What's New 
 Get Job Alerts 
 
 
 
 Fernie Chamber of Commerce 
 
 Post A Job 
 Employer Login 
 Buy a Business 
 About the Fernie Chamber __ 
 Member Business Directory __ 
 
 
 
 Like us on Facebook (opens new window) 
 
 
 Follow us on Instagram (opens new window) 
 
 
 (C) 2021 Fernie Chamber of Commerce. All Rights Reserved 
| 
 
 
 Web Design by Navigator Multimedia Inc. 
 
 
 GET WEEKLY JOB ALERTS TO YOUR INBOX 
 Be the first to know about exciting job opportunities in Fernie and the Elk Valley! 
 Close 
