  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
 Chinese Translation 
 
 Chinese Translation Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance Spanish-Chinese translator ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/chinese-translation) 
 3 weeks ago 
 Bilingual (Chinese - English) Customer Support Needed 
 Published: 3 weeks ago  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 2 
 About us: 
 Strikingly is a modern, mobile-optimized website builder that’s extremely easy to use. Our mission is to give everyone the power to unleash their individuality. 
 Our headquarters is currently based in Shanghai, China but we have deep Silicon Valley roots. We’re backed by Y Combinator (W13), SV Angel, Funders Club, Innovation Works, Infinity Ventures, Index Ventures, Kevin Hale, and many others. 
Project overview: 
 We're looking for a Bilingual Chinese - English customer support agent or Happiness Officers that will provide professional and friendly service through our email and live-chat channels. 
This person should have a passion for helping others and be able to stay calm under pressure. 
 You'll also translate our product into Chinese. You'll be given the tools to do so easily, and you translate regularly, and moderate others' translations. 
This project requires: 
- Customer support experience in a fast-paced environment 
- Great Chinese and English communication skills, both written and oral 
- Should love making customers happy! 
- Should have the ability to assess each customer’s issues 
- Knows how to deal with difficult customers/clients 
- Has good analytical and problem-solving skills 
- Has good accurate records keeping 
- Must be a good team player 
- Can work with minimal supervision 
- Ability to prioritize and multitask 
- Knowledge of Domains, SEO, and Analytics is a plus! 
- Must be able to work remotely and full-time (at least 40 hours per week) 
 What We Offer: 
 - Convenience in working from home 
- Fun and collaborative international working environment 
- Opportunities for career advancement 
- Training and growth opportunities 
- Paid leave with tenure of one(1) year and above 
 If you are looking for a stable and long term job, submit your proposal and share a brief summary of your experience! 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Virtual Assistant 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Full time 
 Published by:  A. Last reply: 2 weeks ago  Philippines 
 USD 20 - 30 / hour 
 Last month 
 Bilingual (Chinese - English) Customer Support Needed 
 Published: Last month  Bids: 0 
 About us: 
 Strikingly is a modern, mobile-optimized website builder that’s extremely easy to use. Our mission is to give everyone the power to unleash their individuality. 
 Our headquarters is currently based in Shanghai, China but we have deep Silicon Valley roots. We’re backed by Y Combinator (W13), SV Angel, Funders Club, Innovation Works, Infinity Ventures, Index Ventures, Kevin Hale, and many others. 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Customer Support 
 Time required  : More than 20 hours 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  A. China 
 Less than USD 50 
 Last month 
 Community Manager for Chinese market (remote) 
 Published: Last month  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 1 
 We are looking for a native-level Chinese Community Manager to remotely join our regional team and help us to improve our online brand reputation on Chinese market. If you are a tech-savvy professional and a social media enthusiast with experience using WeChat and Weibo, we would like to meet you! 
 This job is for you if you are confident with digital technology, and you know the latest trends in social media and best practice like the back of your hand. We are looking for an experienced commercial community and social media manager with knowledge in Chinese market and trends. 
 We are looking for a Chinese native fluent in English or Spanish that can work fully remotely. 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Community Management 
 What do you need?  : Mid-level brand, low engagement 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Full time 
 Published by:  M. L. Thailand 
 Less than USD 10 / hour 
 2 months ago 
 Translation of portfolio and E-books 
 Published: 2 months ago  Bids: 3 
 We are looking to employ  remote Translators to interpret written pieces in French,Spanish,Chinese and Dutch making sure to maintain their original meaning, format and tone. 
Translator responsibilities include reading and thoroughly understanding the context of given material, using specialized dictionaries and translation tools and proofreading finished pieces of work. To be successful in this role, you should have a keen eye for detail and be fluent in any of these languages.Working hours will be made as convenient as possible. 
United States Residents only. 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Translation 
 How many words?  : Between 1,000 and 5,000 words 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  D. W. United States 
 USD 100 - 250 
 4 months ago 
 Translation documents from English to Chinese, Chinese to English 
 Published: 4 months ago  Bids: 3 
 I need a translator to translate my document from English to Chinese, Chinese to English. 
This is a long term cooperation 
 Thank you and have a nice days! 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Translation 
 How many words?  : Between 1,000 and 5,000 words 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  S. Malaysia 
 USD 50 - 100 
 8 months ago 
 Customer service agent - Chinese speaker 
 Published: 8 months ago  Bids: 1 
 We are looking for a customer service agent to help process online applications from Chinese customers. Communication with the customers will happen mostly over e-mail so written skills are a must. Fluency in Mandarin is required 
Preference for applications coming from Singapore (not a must) 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Customer Support 
 Time required  : Between 10 and 20 hours 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  K. M. Singapore 
 USD 500 - 1,000 
 9 months ago 
 English to Traditional Chinese Experienced Translator for Emails (1... 
 Published: 9 months ago  Bids: 4 
 Greetings, I am looking for an English to Traditional Chinese Translator. 
Better if the person is Taiwanese and familiar with Taiwan speaking ways. 
 You will be translating mainly Emails (newsletters, promotions, educational emails, and some other texts). They talk about daily life tips, motivation, product reviews, etc. There are NOT technical. 
 These emails are usually in long text format. They are easy to read and engaging. 
 You will receive a document of about 1000 words, broken down in 4-6 emails, on a weekly basis. These are email campaigns and they do follow a sequence and a theme. 
 Working walkthrough 
1. Every week you will receive about 1000 words for you to translate. 
2. You will have 48 hours to translate all the documents. 
 Current Rate for 1000 words translation: 10USD~15USD 
Email samples upon request. 
 If you are interested in this job, please reply to it with the keyword 'traditional email translator' to know you read until here and to show your attention to details. 
 This is for a long term project, so only apply if you will be able to be around for the next couple of months. 
 Category  : Writing & Translation 
 Subcategory  : Translation 
 How many words?  : Less than 1,000 words 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 Published by:  J. M. Last reply: 9 months ago  Taiwan 
 Less than USD 50 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
