Menu 
 iamsick.ca blog 
 Skip to content 
 
 About iamsick.ca 
 
 iamsick.ca blog 
 Skip to content 
 
 About iamsick.ca 
 
 September 10, 2015   Updates  Leave a comment  Business Development Representative job posting 
 Job Posting: Business Development Representative 
 Business Development Representative 
 iamsick.ca  is a social enterprise with a laser focus on simplifying access to healthcare by helping Canadians find fast, easy, and appropriate care. Our website and mobile app allow patients to find nearby healthcare providers, book appointments online, see wait times from the comfort of their homes, and avoid long waits with our virtual waiting room. Healthcare providers also benefit from our platform, because we help them deliver care more efficiently. As we prepare for our next stage of growth, we are looking for a business development representative to join our team. If you think you’d be a good fit, we’d love to hear from you! 
 In a nutshell, we are looking for an outgoing individual with some experience in sales & marketing who thrives in a startup environment. You will help us spread the good word about  iamsick.ca  to healthcare providers. You should be outcomes-oriented, and will be managing - and generally crushing - the sales pipeline. You are a go-getter who takes pride in your work and won’t settle for anything less than excellence. You relentlessly ensure the highest level of quality sales and service for our clients. 
 Here’s what you’ll be doing 
 
 Spread the good word about  iamsick.ca to potential & existing clients 
 Initiate, close and manage business opportunities to meet sales quotas and revenue targets 
 Rapidly act on new business opportunities 
 Ensure our clients receive the highest level of sales and service 
 Handle inbound and outbound sales 
 Maintain an organized system of leads and responsibilities (CRM experience preferred) 
 Analyze sales and metrics to refine your strategy and maximize revenue 
 Build strong relationships with small, medium, and large organizations 
 Create sales presentations, material and case studies 
 Uncover personas for health providers and patients so we can continually improve access and integration of health services for all Canadians 
 Keep a finger on the pulse of new client and user needs 
 
 Here’s what you’ll need 
 
 University Degree or College Diploma from an accredited institution 
 1-3 years of sales, marketing, or telemarketing experience (SaaS preferred) 
 Experience in healthcare or healthcare IT would be an asset 
 Impeccable communication skills 
 A positive, energetic, self-motivated, and results-oriented attitude 
 Strengths in negotiation and skilled in overcoming objections 
 Ability to thrive under pressure and adapt to change 
 Amazing organizational skills 
 Experience making cold calls 
 Willingness to learn new things and explore new ideas 
 Proficiency in Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and CRM software 
 
 Here’s what we offer you 
 
 Competitive salary with large commissions and benefits 
 You will be a part of a team striving to make a positive impact in Canadian healthcare 
 You will work on interesting projects and face exciting challenges 
 You will be a part of a small, highly motivated team that is already gaining traction 
 You will have the opportunity to build and grow your skills 
 A fun work environment with internal hackathons and team building 
 We value the perspectives of all team members. Your opinions will help guide our products and processes 
 Our home base is conveniently located in downtown Toronto within a 30-second walk from the Queen’s Park TTC subway station 
 
 Please submit your application by September 16 to careers[at]iamsick.ca. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Email 
 Print 
 LinkedIn 
 Reddit 
 Tumblr 
 Pinterest 
 Pocket 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Post navigation 
 Previous 
 Next 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Search for: 
 iamsick.ca Blog RSS 
 
 RSS - Posts 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Interim Federal Health Program (IFHP) - What is it & how can the new iamsick.ca IFHP filter help you? 
 Need a doctor on a Holiday? We got you covered! 
 Healthcare Services: Finding them Quickly and Easily 
 5 Fun Activities to do during the Family Day Weekend 
 Great Things Come in Small Apps 
 
 Categories 
 
 Current Events 
 Events 
 Healthcare 101 
 How To 
 Industry 
 Miscellaneous 
 Product Updates 
 Stories 
 Updates 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
