  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Basildon, England 
 Rate:  Up to £18 per hour + Umbrella Ltd dependant on experience/qu 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Assistant Building Surveyor 
 A Local Authority based in Essex is looking for an Assistant Building Surveyor to join their team. 
 This is a full time, temporary ongoing agency role and the successful candidate must have a full relevant qualification in Surveying, experience with Commercial and non-Residential projects and ideally a strong background in local authority works. 
 The main purpose of the role is to work as an integral part of the Buildings Management Team to ensure that professional surveying services are provided to client departments and the Council's General Fund portfolio is maintained/developed in accordance with strategic goals and compliance legislation. 
 The main experience needed to undertake the role as an Assistant Building Surveyor are as follows; 
 To provide assistance to the Team Manager - Building Management, regarding matters relating to the operational management of contractors. 
 Including site audits and contractor audits to review performance in relation to quality and value for money and ensure follow up actions are implemented. 
To deliver a programme of work as directed by the Team Manager - Buildings Management and to achieve the most economical use of resources, to meet time and quality requirements and to achieve completion of the programme 
To provide assistance to the Team Manager - Buildings Management and Principal Surveyor (Compliance) in the implementation of maintenance programmes in conformance with levels of service currently authorised. 
 Ensure that a comprehensive recording system is maintained including programmes of work and budget forecasting/ monitoring and that all works are undertaken in accordance within the set timeframe and within budget. 
To provide assistance to the Team Manager - Buildings Management and Principal Surveyor (Compliance) to carry out building surveying functions in respect of non-housing Council-owned premises or in respect of land and buildings in which the Council has a temporary or permanent interest. 
To assist and support the design and monitoring of improvements, conversions or extensions to existing buildings 
 The successful candidate will be able to demonstrate the following competencies/attributes; 
 Relevant technical qualification in building related area such as degree, diploma or formal trade apprenticeship or at least 2 years' experience in a similar role 
Full current driving licence and use of a vehicle for business use 
Experience required in the field of building repair and maintenance, plus minor works projects to non-housing properties 
Use in AutoCAD or similar would be an advantage 
 The client is looking to move quickly with appointing to this position and as such, are offering a rate of £18 p/hr Umbrella Ltd (Approx. 
 £470 p/week NET after deductions) for the duration of the assignment. 
 If this position sounds of interest, please email a copy of your up to date CV to jamal.cantwell@servicecare.org.uk or call Jamal at Service Care Construction on 01772 208967. 
 Not interested in this role but know somebody who could be? Refer a friend today and receive up to £250 per referral if they are successfully placed by SC Construction! 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  Ongoing 
 
 
 Rate:  Up to £18 per hour + Umbrella Ltd dependant on experience/qu 
 
 
 Location:  Basildon, England 
 
 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 
 Industry:  Construction 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208967 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-10 16:44:16 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Customer Service Advisor 
 Cleaner 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Recovery Worker 
 Mental Health Recovery Worker 
 Channel Sales Manager 
 Senior Children's Support Worker 
 Social Worker 
 Talent Acquisition Coordinator  
 Recovery Worker 
 Environmental Health Officer 
 Food Safety Officer 
 Environmental Health Officer 
 Theatre Nurse 
 Domestic Assistant 
 Planning Manager 
 Head of Highways 
 Hospital Cleaner 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
