Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Sales Associate/ Designer 
 Factory Tile Depot Burlington/Oakville/Milton 
 __Burlington, ON 
 Apply Now 
 As a Showroom Sales Associate you will be the first line of communication to our customers. You will be expected to  make quick connections  with clients to  influence  and  lead  them to make the best material selection for their project. You will need to  take initiative  to get things done and display a  competitive nature, achieving goals  and  solving problems. 
 Who are you? 
 
 A highly motivated individual who can work collaboratively and cooperatively as part of a team 
 Someone who continuously learns, challenges themselves, and takes initiative 
 An empathetic and engaging communicator that readily makes connections 
 An organized person who is committed to delivering the best customer service experience possible 
 Someone who is looking for meaningful work and responsibility – More than just a “job” 
 Results oriented, and enjoys working in a fast paced environment with the ability to multitask 
 Someone who is knowledgeable and skillful in influencing and persuading others by understanding their individual needs 
 A self-confident extrovert that can enliven, engage, and positively impact individuals and groups 
 
 What you will be doing? 
 
 Assisting clients with tile selection, design, and purchase 
 Selling ideas, policies, services and products to customers 
 Following up on your client quotes daily 
 Completing daily showroom priorities set by the Showroom Manager 
 Utilizing all customer service tools and technology made available to you 
 Establishing strong relationships with vendor sales representatives 
 Constantly working towards achieving team sales targets and goals 
 Taking an active role in organizing and reorganizing showroom spaces 
 Identifying problems and providing possible solutions to your manager 
 Notifying customers when orders have arrived 
 Filing, tidying the showroom, and completing the Daily Sales Report at the end of each night 
 
 What you can expect from FTD 
 Many people love being part of a smaller team but choose to work at a larger company because there is generally more opportunity for growth and better company benefits. At FTD we’ve worked hard to bring the two together, providing our teams the best of both worlds. So what can our company offer you? 
 
 Smaller, intimate team atmosphere with 35 members spread out over 5 locations 
 Competitive starting salary 
 Fast paced work environment with a variety of tasks that focus on ever changing goals and results 
 Benefits package that includes full drug and dental coverage, fully paid for by FTD 
 Store hours that offer a true work/life balance, unlike traditional retail 
 Carefully crafted 3-month introductory training program that includes weekly testing and technical seminars, ensuring you are given the tools to succeed 
 Ability to be a contributing part of important decisions made at your location 
 Room for advancement to management level positions (we’ve opened 3 new locations since July 2012 and promoted 7 team members to management positions over that period) 
 Continuous training 
 
 Who you will be working with 
 You will be working within a team of 2-4 designers and a manager on a daily basis. Most team members are stationed at a single location full-time, though there will be some days when you will move around to other showrooms as required. You will report directly to the showroom manager at the location you are stationed at. 
 Who we are 
 Factory Tile Depot  is a young, exciting, growing company currently with five locations across Mississauga, Oakville, Milton, and Burlington servicing both the retail and trade communities. We pride ourselves on our innovative ideas, technology, and unique approach to the tile industry. Beginning operations in 2003 we have experienced sharp growth in both market share and revenue. Our goal is to continue to be constructive disrupter in our industry by fundamentally improving the relationship between customer, retailer, supplier, and manufacturer. We pride ourselves on developing young leaders. 
 Does the above describe you? 
 If so, we’d love to learn more about you. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Salary: $40,000.00 per year 
 Benefits: 
 
 Dental care 
 Extended health care 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
