Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Intern 
 Solenis LLC 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Overview: 
Solenis is a leading global producer of specialty chemicals for water-intensive industries, including the pulp, paper, oil and gas, chemical processing, mining, biorefining, power and municipal markets. The company’s product portfolio includes a broad array of process, functional and water treatment chemistries as well as state-of-the-art monitoring and control systems. These technologies are used by customers to improve operational efficiencies, enhance product quality, protect plant assets and minimize environmental impact. Headquartered in Wilmington, Delaware, the company has 41 manufacturing facilities strategically located around the globe and employs a team of approximately 5,200 professionals in 120 countries across five continents. For additional information about Solenis, please visit www.solenis.com |Twitter | LinkedIn. 
 Solenis is staffed with great minds and powered by ingenuity. When you join the Solenis team, you become part of a global community of 5,200 experts who work together to provide advanced process and water treatment solutions. Our team members take pride in their ability to think dynamically and help solve our customers’ unique challenges. If you’re interested in becoming a part of our elite team, please explore our current career opportunities. 
 Description: 
A Solenis internship provides hands-on work experience that you just can’t get in the classroom. Once you are selected to participate in our Technical Sales internship program, you will be assigned to work on a specific customer project with tangible deliverables, operating as an actual member of our Commercial team. You also will be paired with a Solenis mentor who will provide guidance and feedback during the duration of your internship. Virtual learning sessions will be provided as part of your internship and will cover relevant topics such as presentation skills and personal branding. At the conclusion of your internship, you will have the opportunity to meet with senior leaders from Solenis to review your project and the results you achieved. 
 Typical intern responsibilities include: 
Provide routine service visits and testing to ensure safe and effective Pulp & Paper and Water treatment programs 
Look for growth opportunities and work closely with customers in defined territory to understand business needs and recommend plans that will grow sales within assigned territory 
Develop strong relationships with key stakeholders in assigned territory, where you provide support to other Area Managers and District Managers 
Generate reports and documentation of findings 
 Qualifications: 
Current active enrollment in a Bachelor’s degree program in any engineering discipline, paper science or life sciences (Biology, Chemistry) 
Planned graduation date between May 2021 (preferred) or May 2022 
Prior internships in technical sales are preferred 
 At Solenis, we understand that our greatest asset is our people. That is why we offer competitive compensation, comprehensive benefits and numerous opportunities for professional growth and development. So, if you are interested in working for a world-class company and enjoy solving complex challenges, whether in the lab or the field, consider joining our team. 
 Solenis is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Affirmative Action Employer, including Minorities / Women/ Veterans / Disabled. 
 Solenis is proud to be an Equal Opportunity Affirmative Action Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, or protected veteran status and will not be discriminated against on the basis of disability. 
 Should you require assistance in applying to this opportunity, please reach out to Solenis Talent Acquisition at 1-888-756-2701. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
