  
 Work-for-RVers-and-Campers.com 
 Menu 
 
 RVers: Start Here
 
 Workers On Wheels Home 
 Announcements 
 WOW E-mail News 
 Help Wanted Ads for RVers 
 Featured Employers 
 Home Biz Op Directory 
 Work Wanted Ads from RVers 
 The Basics for Working RVers 
 Workers On Wheels Blog 
 
 
 RV Work
 
 Bob's RV Work Articles 
 Campground Work 
 Property Caretaking 
 Flea Markets 
 Network Marketing 
 Temp Agencies 
 Teaching Jobs 
 Volunteering 
 Online Work 
 
 
 More RV Work
 
 Writing for Profit 
 Agricultural Jobs 
 Disney Jobs 
 Employment 
 Referral Fees 
 RV Home Business 
 Seasonal Jobs 
 Tourism Jobs 
 Website Building 
 Tips for Working RVers 
 
 
 RV Work Lifestyles
 
 Dream Jobs 
 RVing w/ Kids 
 Single RVers 
 Survey Polls 
 Testimonials 
 Worker's Stories 
 
 
 RV Work Resources
 
 Mail Service 
 Resume Help 
 Questions/Answers 
 Taxes 
 Tax and Legal 
 Books 
 Mags/Newsletters 
 
 
 WOW Admin
 
 About Us 
 Privacy Policy 
 Disclosure 
 Contact the Editor 
 Site Search 
 
 
 
 
 Any Job Opportunities? 
 - Cindy 
(Florida) 
 I am considering full-timing in the future, but what job opportunities are there for me? I have a degree in elementary education and a master's degree in library and information science. I enjoy reading, of course, and making cards and scrapbooking. 
 Comments for Any Job Opportunities? 
 Click here to add your own comments 
 
 |  |   Yes! Many 
 
 Hi Cindy, 
 Yes, there are numerous job opportunities for full-time RVers with your skills, education, experience, and interests. 
 Some that quickly come to mind.... 
 - Substitute teaching 
- Tutoring children, privately 
- Tutoring children, through an agency 
- Tutoring adults 
- Working with adult education programs 
- Teaching a community education class 
- Teaching classes or workshops at destination RV parks 
- Setting up a library for an RV park 
- Summer jobs programs 
- Camp counselor at camps for children 
- Working for a temp staffing service 
- Selling scrap booking supplies 
- Making cards and selling them at craft shows 
- Making cards and wholesaling them to gift shops 
- Book editing 
- Activities director at a campground 
 Read through the hundreds of pages on this website and you will get more ideas. Subscribe to our free newsletter (see the E-mail News link on the upper left) for additional tips. 
 ---|--- 
 
 |  |   I'm Confused 
 
 You say that you are considering full time RVing, then ask about finding jobs. 
 Are you putting full timing and workamping in the same category? 
 If you are considering workamping, you are in the right place. Jobs are continually posted here on this web site. As a workamper, you can work for the facility you are living at, or any occupation that is available in the local area of that facility. 
 Send you resume to ANY business or organization that may have positions that you are looking for and wait for responses. 
 Alternatively, you may want to freelance your skills and talents and offer your services for a fee. 
 Good luck, it's a great life. 
---|--- 
 
 |  |   Great ideas! 
 
 Hi Coleen, 
 Thank you for giving me some ideas as to what I could do! There are several that are of interest to me. I wasn't even aware RV parks have libraries! That would be an awesome temp job! 
 Thanks, 
Cindy 
---|--- 
 
 |  |   Clarification Needed 
 
 Hi Frank P, 
 Thanks for responding to my question about job opportunities. Perhaps I didn't make myself clear and it is probably because all of this is fairly new to me. I won't be able to retire for 12 more years, but I like to plan ahead. I suppose I was interested in once I retired, what part-time job opportunities would be available for a person with my background? I doubt if Social Security will be around, so I would be looking for some additional income just in case. I like the advice you gave about putting out resumes to businesses that may need someone with my skills and/or charge a fee for my services/talents. 
 Thanks! 
Cindy 
---|--- 
 
 Click here to add your own comments 
  - 
 Go to our blog to see what's new here on Workers On Wheels - Work-for-RVers-and-Campers.com and to find more info about earning a living while full-time RVing. 
 Disclosure: We receive compensation from advertisers, affiliate relationships, and site sponsors  
 Jen Work Camping 
 Most Recently 
 
   
   
   
 
 
 
  Tok Rv Village & Cabins Tok, Alaska 
 
 
 Jan 15, 21 09:34 PM 
 Gateway to Alaska Workampers couples, singles, summer 2021@2022.checkin,Phone,grounds keeper ,cleaning. 7days on & 7 days off,5.5 hours a day. Paid, 
 Read More 
 You can produce an income Work Camping. 
 Work Camping- What is it all about. Click this link for Video 
 https://youtu.be/ujOOPEbJGvY  
 
 Coleen and Bob Workers On Wheels Founders 
 
 
 Post Your Help Wanted Ad on Workers On Wheels 
- Click Here 
 *** 
 
 
 
 
 
 Copyright 1992-2020 All Rights Reserved - No reproduction permitted without written permission. 
 Contact Info  -- Jim Erickson, Workers On Wheels, Work-for-RVers-and-Campers.com 
 Disclosure: This site provides helpful and entertaining information thanks to compensation received from quality advertisers and affiliate relationships. 
 Privacy Policy 
 Workers On Wheels is our website and newsletter about working while RVing -- working while living in a home on wheels. There are so many kinds of work to do while RVing and camping (what some campers call workcamping or work camping). We help RV workers -- whether snowbirds or full-time RVers -- find campground jobs, volunteer jobs, jobs with RV spaces, seasonal jobs, mobile employment, short-term paid employment, and other ways to earn an income and cut expenses while enjoying life in a recreational vehicle. Thanks for visiting our WOW website! ~ Jim, your Workers On Wheels editor, at work-for-RVers-and-campers.com
*[Jan 15, 21 09:34 PM]: 2021-01-15T21:34:55-0500 
