Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Administrative Support III 
 Alberta Health Services 
 __Leduc, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Your Opportunity: 
At Alberta Health Services our mission is to provide a patient-focused, quality health system that is accessible and sustainable for all Albertans. Working under the general supervision and guidance of the Supervisor, Registration, Switchboard and Patient Information, the Administrative Support III is responsible for obtaining and inputting accurate demographic and financial information, on the appropriate hospital information system, on patients, presenting at various entry points of the health system. Essential functions of the position; Obtains and records accurate demographic and financial information on patients, by interviewing patients, family members and/or care providers. Consistently applies Positive Patient Identification during the registration/pre-registration process to ensure accurate record linkage, support safe delivery of patient care and reduce identify theft. Verifies patient eligibility as it relates to healthcare coverage. Reviews Financial Agreement Forms with patients who do not have valid provincial healthcare coverage and ensures that forms are completed appropriately. Prepares identification labels, identification wristbands and verifies patient’s name and date of birth when applying wristband to patient. Informs patients about options for accommodation and the process for requesting preferred accommodation. Consistently applies best practice as outlined in the Provincial Registration Standards and Practices Manual. In accordance with Health Information Act (HIA), Freedom of Information and Privacy (FOIP) and other privacy legislation in effect the incumbent shall comply at all times with APL / AHS’s Information Privacy and Information Security policies. Performs other related duties as assigned by the Supervisor. 
 Description: 
As an Administrative Support III, you will require advanced administrative or specialized skills and knowledge to support complex procedures, practices and initiatives within a department or program. 
 Classification:  Administrative Support III 
 Union:  AUPE GSS 
 Department:  LA-Patient Registration-EDM 
 Primary Location:  Leduc Community Hospital 
 Multi-Site:  Not Applicable 
 FTE:  0.50 
 Posting End Date:  24-NOV-2020 
 Employee Class:  Regular Part Time 
 Date Available:  08-DEC-2020 
 Hours per Shift:  4, 7.75 
 Length of Shift in weeks:  6 
 Shifts per cycle:  18 
 Shift Pattern:  Days, Evenings, Weekends 
 Days Off:  As Per Rotation 
 Minimum Salary:  $22.79 
 Maximum Salary:  $27.69 
 Vehicle Requirement:  Not Applicable 
 Required Qualifications: 
Completion of Grade 12 or equivalent. 
 Additional Required Qualifications: 
Medical Terminology - certificate required and testing done prior to interview. Accurate typing speed of 40 wpm required and testing done prior to interview. Strong computer skills required. Demonstrated proficiency in the English language, both written and oral required. Employs effective communication skills, promoting and adhering to excellent customer service in every interaction regardless of who it is with. Must have excellent communication skills as there is a high degree of interaction with patients and a variety of disciplines at all levels of the organization. Ability to function effectively in a highly dynamic environment, including working under pressure, adapting and responding to changing priorities and meeting deadlines. Ability to work independently with minimal supervision. Able to work all shifts as operationally required. 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
Post-secondary education applicable to position – MOA/Unit Clerk/Admitting Clerk with no less than one year experience is preferred. Experience in a healthcare or medical office setting is preferred. Experience practicing N-O-D: tells the patient his/her name, explains his/her occupation and what he/she will be assisting the patient with. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
