Skip to content 
 
  Christie Smirl - Healthier Vibrations  
 "Heal yourself, help heal another, begin healing the world." 
 Menu 
 
 MISSION 
 
 Conscious Living ,  meditation ,  Mental Health 
 Shiny Objects - Tejobindu Upanishad 
 Posted by  Healthier Vibrations with Christie Smirl / Kalāvatī Devī  on  July 1, 2020 
 " Let us meditate on the shining Self, changeless, underlying the world of change, and realized in the heart in samadhi. Hard to reach is the supreme goal of life, hard to describe and hard to abide in. They alone attain samadhi who have mastered their senses and are free from anger, free from self will and from likes and dislikes, without selfish bonds to people and things. "  - Tejobindu Upanishad 
 In the world of modernity, many people live a fast paced life, full of shiny objects. Objects of desire and dislike that lure our senses away from spiritual practices and Self actualization. For today's satsang and meditation, I read from the Tejobindu Upanishad which discusses the stages of meditation that lead us to the Lord of Love. I discussed the shat kriya called trataka where we gaze upon a flame to purify our sight and begin the first stage of meditation. Concentration, known as dharana, is the preliminary practice. With time and uninterrupted effort, it will lead samadhi, where one experiences the union, stillness and bliss of the Soul. 
 " The world is full of shiny objects that beckon our sense organs deep into the veils and waves of chatter and sway, farther we stray from the Soul's light rays." Kalavati Devi 
 SHARE THIS: 
 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 Pinterest 
 Tumblr 
 More 
 
 
 
 Facebook 
 Email 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 meditation shiny objects Tejobindu Upanishad 
 Published by Healthier Vibrations with Christie Smirl / Kalāvatī Devī 
 Christie is a Doctorate of Ayurveda, Nurse Practitioner, M.S, Author of five books, Reiki Master, Yoga Teacher Trainer, ERYT500, YACEP, Musician with five international albums and Sound Healer. She believes that everybody is capable of deep multidimensional healing through a combination of Western and Eastern sciences and arts. Her motto is HEAL YOURSELF, HELP HEAL ANOTHER PERSON, BEGIN HEALING THE WORLD.   View all posts by Healthier Vibrations with Christie Smirl / Kalāvatī Devī  
 Post navigation 
 Previous Post Indriyas Burning Clear - Meditation & Satsang 
 Next Post Yoking with Divinity 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Follow Christie Smirl - Healthier Vibrations on WordPress.com 
 Follow Healthier Vibrations on Facebook 
 
 Follow Healthier Vibrations on Facebook 
 
 Healthier Vibrations with Christie Smirl / Kalāvatī Devī 
 Christie is a Doctorate of Ayurveda, Nurse Practitioner, M.S, Author of five books, Reiki Master, Yoga Teacher Trainer, ERYT500, YACEP, Musician with five international albums and Sound Healer. She believes that everybody is capable of deep multidimensional healing through a combination of Western and Eastern sciences and arts. Her motto is HEAL YOURSELF, HELP HEAL ANOTHER PERSON, BEGIN HEALING THE WORLD. 
 Personal Links 
 
  WEBSITE  
 
  View Full Profile ->  
 FACEBOOK 
 
 FACEBOOK 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
