
 
 
 Home 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 
 For Candidates 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Browse Categories 
 Browse Companies 
 Candidate Dashboard 
 Job Alerts 
 My Bookmarks 
 
 
 
 For Employers 
 
 Browse Candidates 
 Resumes 
 Post a Job 
 Employer Dashboard 
 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 __Sign Up 
 
 
 __Log In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 Email address * __ 
 Anti-spam 
 Your personal data will be used to support your experience throughout this website, to manage access to your account, and for other purposes described in our  privacy policy . 
 
 Human Verification: In order to verify that you are a human and not a spam bot, please enter the answer into the following box below based on the instructions contained in the graphic. 
 I want to register asEmployerCadidate 
 Login 
 Username or email address * __ 
 Password * __ 
 Remember me 
 Lost your password? 
 Blog 
 Keep up to date with the latest news 
 
 [ 
 Top Jobs and Career Trends 
 ](https://www.workingteddy.com/top-jobs-and-career-trends/) 
 Career Counseling ,  Developement ,  Jobs ,  News 
 Whether you're about to graduate from high school or are a working adult looking for a career change, choosing a college major can be confusing. It's challenging to select a career path that matches up with your personal passions and still puts food on the table. Understanding some of the trends that shape the job market can help narrow your search. If you're looking for job security and growth, you'll want to focus on the industries that are adding the most new jobs in the coming decade. 
 Using data compiled from the United States Bureau of Labor Statistics and from major newspapers and magazines, we've got the information you need on the major careers and trends in the job market today. It should help you choose your career education wisely. 
 Five Biggest Trends Impacting the Job Market: 
 
 Aging Baby Boomers 
The largest demographic group in the United States is heading for retirement. Of course, this will mean something very different for many baby boomers than for older generations. Boomers have maintained their health and stayed in the job market longer than any other generation of citizens in our country's history. 
 As they grow older, baby boomers will require more frequent, specialized medical care. They will also want to maintain connections with careers and family for as long as possible. Therefore, expect to see continued growth in fields that cater to their wishes. The assisted living industry will continue to outpace other areas of healthcare, while growing teams of social workers will help care for less fortunate baby boomers. 
 Better Medicine 
The high output of the pharmaceutical industry, combined with constant innovation in the rest of the medical field, helps us live longer, more productive lives. New treatments for previously fatal diseases require new approaches for rehabilitation. Likewise, many adults expect to work far beyond the traditional retirement age. Therefore, patients demand a new generation of physical therapists and other specialists to help prolong their quality of life. 
 Increased Costs of Child Care 
As today's parents demand higher quality from their child care providers, the marketplace has responded with a variety of programs to help meet parents' needs. The explosive growth of pre-kindergarten educational programs call for highly trained educators who command more competitive salaries than their predecessors. Therefore, especially in major cities, the cost of caring for young children has skyrocketed. As a result, early childhood education has become a more lucrative and more stable profession than ever before. Though it has traditionally been a low-paying job, child care specialists today can expect to earn far more money today than peers who entered the field even a few years ago. 
 On a related note, the rising cost of child care has encouraged many parents to seek opportunities to work from home. Taking advantage of distributed work options, professions that allow parents to spend time with young children have enjoyed rapid growth. Even when those positions pay less than office jobs, the savings created by avoiding paid child care adds tremendous value for families. 
 Rapid Technology Growth 
technologicla growthDespite fears that many American companies look overseas for development of new technology, the rapid advance of ideas and the need for constant upgrades assure U.S. technology professionals of consistent job security over the next ten years. Businesses of all kinds have found themselves locked into the equivalent of an arms race with their competitors. Companies must provide their teams with the best equipment and resources, or face defeat. 
 Likewise, continual innovation assures technology workers that new machines, cables and other equipment will have to be installed every few years. Even Internet infrastructure, which was designed to provide nearly limitless connections, is being overhauled to accommodate a previously unimaginable number of new devices. Therefore, IT professionals who specialize in networking, installation and support will remain in demand as more businesses rely on new technology to help them compete. 
 Distributed Work 
The giant factories and smokestacks of a hundred years ago are fading into the pages of history books. Many of today's workers report for duty at smaller offices or manufacturing plants, connected by information networks and sophisticated shipping infrastructure. 
 A growing number of employees, especially specialized consultants and leaders, divide their time among multiple locations at companies or client organizations. This trend has led to the use of "hot desking," where workers report to a different workstation at the start of each shift, instead of keeping their own desk or cubicle. Many workers telecommute, allowing them to reinvest time spent commuting into more productive work or family time. 
 As a side effect, more workers are relocating to larger homes, farther away from city centers. Whether they want to enjoy more peaceful surroundings or they simply want to reconnect with family or friends, these shifting workers create demand for home construction, renovation and infrastructure development. 
 Top Ten Jobs for the Next Decade and Beyond: 
 
 1. Computer Programmer 
Even though many American companies actively recruit overseas workers for programming jobs, there is still plenty of work for qualified computer specialists right here in the United States. Security breaches and concerns about potential terrorism have heightened security at many companies. Because "offshoring" computer programming work poses so many security risks, many large employers have reverted to using in-house teams of programmers who can be monitored more carefully. A degree in computer forensics would allow you to become one of the monitors. 
 In addition, the development of new operating systems and common code bases has allowed many more industries to develop custom software solutions. A decade ago, many companies from wildly different fields might have used the same spreadsheet program. Today, developers with unique backgrounds build specialized applications like databases, point-of-sale systems, and customer relationship networks. 
 2. Day Care Provider 
Until recently, many day care providers struggled with low wages, high stress, and poor job security. With the explosive demand for quality child care, however, many parents are now willing to pay higher premiums to facilities with excellent reputations and strong learning programs. A professional in this industry can command an even higher salary with an early childhood special education degree. 
 Though some parents lament the reduced emphasis on play activities in many modern day care settings, the consumer demand creates many lucrative opportunities for child development majors who want to follow their passion while earning significant rewards. 
 3. Elder Care Specialist 
The parents of Baby Boomers relied on large families to share the burden of caring for elderly loved ones. With fewer children to care for them, the Baby Boomers are turning, in record numbers, to professionally operated assisted living facilities. A far cry from yesterday's nursing homes, today's senior communities often integrate luxury amenities like four-star dining, golf, and live entertainment. 
 Despite the luxury resort setting, each facility relies on teams of qualified healthcare specialists to look after the needs of residents. With government and consumer scrutiny of elder care facilities at an all-time high, employers demand job candidates with proven skills and positive attitudes. Consider a degree in health information technology for a fast-growing job with a minimal amount of clinical work. 
 4. Employment Specialist 
Caught between the demands of child care and elder care, more Americans have turned to employment agencies to arrange short term or flexible employment relationships. Likewise, companies that need to scale up or scale down their operations to comply with seasonal customer demand have outsourced their staffing needs to a growing number of professional agencies. 
 The U.S. Department of Labor identifies "employment placement specialist" as one of the fastest-growing specialties of the coming decade. For people with strong interpersonal skills and a wide range of interests, this position offers the opportunity to connect eager employers with qualified workers. Not only does this career offer significant job satisfaction, it usually pays a commission on the income of placed workers. Therefore, a busy employment specialist can earn a significant income by using her natural matchmaking talents. 
 5. Environmental Engineer 
With the rapid growth of previously small communities all across the country, many local governments and private developers must wrestle with the challenges of rising populations. At the same time, many of our country's more established cities and towns must cope with crumbling infrastructure, such as outdated water and sewer lines or failing electrical supplies. 
 Environmental engineers play an important role in every community. They oversee new construction and renovation, assuring the preservation of natural resources and the safety of residents. With new, more stringent regulations on the books, many environmental engineers now work for developers and corporations that want to take a proactive approach to their business. By acting in the public interest, these companies can build strong relationships with customers while avoiding damaging fines or even prosecution. 
 6. Home Health Aide 
Many aging Baby Boomers intend to live in their own homes for as long as possible. Likewise, many people who suffer from injuries or illness can avoid the huge expenses of a long hospital stay by recuperating at home. Both of these populations rely heavily on the work of home health aides to maintain their well being. 
 In many cases, home health aides are nurses who prefer to work in patients' homes instead of in the stressful environment of a hospital or an assisted living facility. Frequently, home health aides benefit from flexible scheduling and short commutes, making this a solid career choice for parents of young children. Some aides can assist licensed professionals without holding a license themselves, offering excellent opportunities to earn income while still completing their degree program. 
 7. Management Consultant 
A growing number of companies prefer to seek outside help with specialized problems or challenges, rather than attempt to keep experts on their own staffs. As a result, consultants who build reputations for solving client problems can earn significant income by dropping in on clients around the world. 
 Once dominated by road warriors, the consulting arena has opened up to a variety of professionals, thanks to new networking technology. With qualifications and insight earned from years of experience and study, a consultant might work from home while helping clients all over the world. 
 Many professionals who have grown bored with their companies or with their careers can shake things up by setting up shop as a consultant. In fact, many consultants launch their practices while still holding down a day job or completing an advanced degree program. 
 8. Networking Specialist 
Unlike a traditional computer programmer, who focuses on solving problems with software, a networking specialist must figure out how to keep all of the various devices in an organization connected to each other. As networking grew from an offshoot of computer engineering into its own specialty, many professionals learned how to efficiently manage a company's information flow through hidden cables and routers. 
 Technology continues to advance, so new and different jobs are constantly emerging. Today's networking specialist, for example, must integrate wireless devices like phones, laptops, and pagers into their data structures. Whether working for a private employer, an Internet service provider, or a government agency, networking specialists must work on-site to install and maintain highly specialized equipment. With new generations of networking hardware emerging every few years, this is a professional role that can never be delegated to overseas workers. 
 9. Physician 's Assistant 
As more Americans seek medical treatment more frequently, many doctor's offices struggle to keep up with demand. High malpractice insurance rates and the pursuit of less stressful, more lucrative careers are diverting potential doctors into other fields of study. Therefore, many medical practices rely more frequently on physician's assistants to bridge an important gap in the health care process. 
 Students who enjoy medicine but do not wish to pursue a full medical degree can launch careers as physician's assistants after only a few years of training. They perform tests, file reports and handle other routine tasks, freeing up doctors to spend more time diagnosing illnesses and researching cures. In some states, physician's assistants can even prescribe medication. An online physician assistant master's program can qualify you for one of these upper-level roles. 
 10. Social Services Coordinator 
With more senior citizens applying for government benefits and many families leaving large cities for smaller towns, many government agencies and non-profit organizations seek qualified social services coordinators. These specialists assure that residents of a community can take full advantage of assistance programs. They also monitor the safety and wellness of individuals, especially young children and older adults that could become the victims of abuse, crime, or fraud. An online social work degree can qualify you for this rewarding career. 
 Now that you know more about some of the top trends currently affecting the job market, find out what kind of academic program would be best for you. Browse our school listings below or use the search box on the right to get matched to an online school. 
 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Related 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 Google Plus 
 Pinterest 
 
 Post navigation 
 __Video Game Design Careers 
 Dominate Your Job Interview __ 
 Comments (21) 
 
 Fashion Styles  September 9, 2020 at 6:29 AM 
 
 Thanks for another informative web site. Where else could I get that type of information written in such an ideal way? I've a project that I'm just now working on, and I have been on the look out for such info. 
 https://www.ifashionstyles.com 
 
 Hairstyles  September 15, 2020 at 4:28 PM 
 
 Currently it appears like WordPress is the preferred blogging platform available right now. (from what I've read) Is that what you're using on your blog? 
 https://www.hairstylesvip.com 
 
 Glenna  September 17, 2020 at 8:06 PM 
 
 Currently it looks like Expression Engine is the preferred blogging platform 
out there right now. (from what I've read) Is that what you 
are using on your blog? 
 Feel free to visit my webpage: download ( livemorehappy.co ) 
 
 Hairstyles  September 22, 2020 at 5:48 PM 
 
 It is perfect time to make a few plans for the future and it's time to be happy. I have read this publish and if I could I want to recommend you few attention-grabbing things or advice. Maybe you could write next articles relating to this article. I desire to learn even more issues approximately it! 
 https://www.hairstylesvip.com 
 
 Maynard  September 23, 2020 at 2:07 AM 
 
 As I web-site possessor I believe the content material here is rattling magnificent , appreciate it for your hard work. 
You should keep it up forever! Good Luck. 
 My web-site; code ( enlinea.unitex.edu.mx ) 
 
 Hairstyles  September 26, 2020 at 9:45 AM 
 
 very nice submit, i definitely love this web site, keep on it 
 https://www.hairstylesvip.com 
 
 Myrtis  October 1, 2020 at 4:42 AM 
 
 I really like what you guys are usually up too. Such clever work and reporting! 
Keep up the excellent works guys I've you guys to our blogroll. 
 Feel free to visit my webpage :: coupon ( chilterntraveller.co.uk ) 
 
 Dannie  October 2, 2020 at 6:56 AM 
 
 Keep up the great piece of work, I read few blog posts on this internet site and I conceive 
that your weblog is rattling interesting and contains bands of fantastic information. 
 my website: promo,  Lorena , 
 
 Darlene  October 8, 2020 at 6:02 AM 
 
 Howdy! I just wish to give you a huge thumbs up for 
the great info you've got here on this post. I am coming back 
to your website for more soon. 
 Take a look at my webpage -  Situs Poker 
 
 Fashion Styles  October 29, 2020 at 8:38 PM 
 
 I have figured out some new elements from your website about computers. Another thing I've always assumed is that laptop computers have become an item that each household must have for several reasons. They supply you with convenient ways to organize homes, pay bills, go shopping, study, focus on music and also watch tv shows. An innovative method to complete these types of tasks is by using a mobile computer. These desktops are mobile, small, highly effective and convenient. 
 https://www.ifashionstyles.com/ 
 
 Free Stuff  October 30, 2020 at 3:22 AM 
 
 It抯 exhausting to find knowledgeable people on this topic, however you sound like you understand what you抮e speaking about! Thanks 
 https://www.cravefreebies.com 
 
 Fashion Styles  October 30, 2020 at 5:22 AM 
 
 Hi there, You've done an incredible job. I抣l definitely digg it and personally recommend to my friends. I am confident they will be benefited from this website. 
 https://www.ifashionstyles.com/ 
 
 El Reloj Antiguo XVI  November 10, 2020 at 12:06 PM 
 
 Awesome blog.Much thanks again. Will read on… 
 https://elrelojantiguoxvi.blogspot.com 
 
 I Fashion Styles  November 25, 2020 at 6:16 AM 
 
 Thank you for your whole effort on this web page. Ellie really likes making time for internet research and it is simple to grasp why. Most people learn all of the compelling tactic you present advantageous thoughts through your web blog and as well as increase response from some others on this content and our own daughter is being taught a great deal. Take advantage of the rest of the new year. You are always carrying out a really great job. 
 https://www.ifashionstyles.com/ 
 
 Rochelle  November 27, 2020 at 9:33 AM 
 
 I was just seeking this information for some time. 
After 6 hours of continuous Googleing, at last I got it in your site. 
I wonder what is the lack of Google strategy that don't rank this 
kind of informative sites in top of the list. Generally the top 
web sites are full of garbage. 
 Here is my web-site: download ( http://kotisivunne.com/ ) 
 
 Karen  November 29, 2020 at 3:49 PM 
 
 I got what you intend,saved to fav, very decent web site. 
 Feel free to surf to my web page; book ( Audra ) 
 
 Candelaria  December 27, 2020 at 2:26 PM 
 
 Hi there, just became aware of your blog through Google, and found that it's really informative. 
I?m going to watch out for brussels. I?ll appreciate if 
you continue this in future. Numerous people will be benefited from your writing. 
 Cheers! 
 Feel free to visit my webpage - online pmp exam preparation [ Eileen ] 
 
 Meridith  December 27, 2020 at 9:29 PM 
 
 Hello, i feel that i saw you visited my site so i got here to ?go back the desire?.I am attempting to to find issues 
to improve my web site!I guess its good enough to use some of your ideas!! 
 Feel free to visit my blog post  study materials 
 
 pożyczka pozabankowa  January 1, 2021 at 6:51 PM 
 
 I got what you intend,bookmarked, very decent website. https://pozyczkiland.pl/ 
 
 purchase risnia  January 8, 2021 at 8:06 PM 
 
 A lot of thanks for all your valuable efforts on this site. Kate loves getting into investigation and it's really easy to understand why. I know all concerning the dynamic medium you give informative solutions on this web blog and as well as foster participation from others on that content plus our daughter is always discovering a lot. Have fun with the remaining portion of the new year. You are conducting a great job. https://risniarisperidone.com/ 
 
 risperdal pills  January 9, 2021 at 12:05 AM 
 
 I precisely needed to appreciate you once again. I am not sure the things that I might have handled in the absence of the entire points provided by you on such a problem. It has been a very frightful dilemma in my circumstances, however , noticing the skilled mode you processed that made me to jump over fulfillment. I am happier for this help and in addition hope that you know what a great job you are always getting into instructing others through the use of your web blog. I know that you have never encountered all of us. https://risniarisperidone.com/ 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. 
 Comment 
 Name 
 Email 
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. 
 Notify me of new posts by email. 
 Human Verification: In order to verify that you are a human and not a spam bot, please enter the answer into the following box below based on the instructions contained in the graphic. 
 
 
 Recent 
 
 
 Popular 
 
 
 Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 Dominate Your Job Interview 
 December 20, 2017 
 
 
 
 Top Jobs and Career Trends 
 September 8, 2017 
 
 
 
 Video Game Design Careers 
 September 4, 2017 
 
 
 
 11 Tips to Help You Get New Clients Through Cold Calling 
 October 25, 2015 
 
 
 
 Video Game Design Careers 
 September 4, 2017 
 
 
 
 Top Jobs and Career Trends 
 September 8, 2017 
 
   
 
 risperdal pills on: 
 Top Jobs and Career Trends 
 
   
 
 remeron prices on: 
 Enterprise 
 
   
 
 absolute collagen on: 
 Start Up 
 Do you have any questions? 
 If you are having any questions, please feel free to ask. 
 __Drop Us a Line 
 About 
 There's no need to look anywhere else. WorkingTeddy.com is the only site you'll ever need to find your next job. 
 When you apply to a WorkingTeddy.com job, we let you know what happens next. We'll keep you updated every step of the way. 
 Get Started 
 For Candidates 
 
 Candidate Dashboard 
 Browse Jobs 
 Browse Categories 
 Submit Resume 
 Job Alerts 
 My Bookmarks 
 
 For Employers 
 
 Employer Dashboard 
 Browse Candidates 
 Resumes 
 Post Jobs 
 Job Packages 
 
 Other 
 
 Account 
 Privacy Policy 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Link To Us 
 Blog 
 Contact 
 
 (C) WorkingTeddy.com. All Rights Reserved. 
