Somewhere; a twentysomething… 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About Natalie 
 Ft. Myers Miracle Pictures 
 Pictures 
 
   
 Tag Archives: Job Search 
 November 10, 2009 * 10:07 pm 
 Jobs here…Jobs there…Jobs not everywhere 
 When boredom hits, I have recently found my self Googling terms like "sports management companies," and "sport publicists," along with obsessively checking my Linkedin contacts like it is the new Facebook. 
 Graduation is upon me…not in May like I hoped, but in August. Taking a semester off of school to complete an internship will do that, though. While my D-Day to get that little piece of paper with 'career' written all over it is not for nine months, I'm positive that the job search can't start early enough. 
 Do I obsessively search for jobs? Perhaps. Do I find a company I like and immediately Wikipedia the city that it is in? I'm going to go with yes on that one. It's like Facebook stalking (stop looking at their pictures!..and playing Farmville…and Bejeweled Blitz) but for jobs. But really, it does help to look at the city the company is located in-how else would I know if I could afford the price of living? Is the city too big for a small-town girl like me? Could I see my self there? Will I have to live alone? How far away from home am I? 
 Well, fortunately for me with the job market right now, being picky and worrying about those petty things (except the cost of living) will have to be ignored in order to snag a job thousands of other people also want. 
 What job is that, you might (or might not) be wondering? Well, I'm not sure my self. Here is a list of qualities I would like to find in a job: 
 -Interaction with people (beyond the "water cooler") 
 -Travel 
 -Flexibility to work from my laptop/BlackBerry (i.e…being completely mobile when necessary) 
 -Located in a large city or surrounding suburb 
 -Allowed to be creative within my work 
 -Room to move up in the company (needless to say, I don't exactly want to be the #2 catcher for the Twins…something (maybe his most recent Gold Glove Award) tells me Joe Mauer will be there for a long time). 
 Again, I know this is not the time to be picky; however…I also don't feel like I need to settle, either. I've put in long and hard hours as an intern and I'm certain there is a company that could reap those benefits in the near future…any takers? IMG? BDA Sports? Career Sports and Entertainment? 
 Didn't want to raise you're hand just yet? That's ok, you'll hear from me soon. 
 Back to Google… 
 np 
 Leave a comment 
 Filed under  Uncategorized 
 Tagged as  BDA Sports ,  college graduation ,  Economy ,  farmville ,  Florida ,  Ft. Myers Miracle ,  google ,  IMG ,  Indiana University ,  Intern ,  Job Search ,  Jobs ,  Joe Mauer ,  Life ,  Minnesota Twins ,  MLB Network ,  Writing 
 
 
 Natalie on Twitter 
 
 @ antanddec  @ hollywills  @ mollywhithamxx   2 years ago 
 @ mollywhithamxx  *lily  2 years ago 
 @ mollywhithamxx  @ lxwissss  Agreed  2 years ago 
 @ mollywhithamxx  Hamza  2 years ago 
 @ mollywhithamxx  What  2 years ago 
 @ jamescharles  @ mollywhithamxx   2 years ago 
 RT @ jamescharles : me: I’m not gonna fall for fuckboys anymore also me 5 minutes later:  https://t.co/NJhu8Jq4nk   2 years ago 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 30 Games in 30 Days   1970s   2009 MLB Draft   All Star game   Atlanta   Baseball   BDA Sports   Ben Revere   bentley   BlackBerry   Boston Red Sox   Brewers   California   Carlos Gutierrez   Charlotte Stone Crabs   Chicago   Chicago White Sox   Chris Cates   Chris Parmelee   Danny Lehmann   David Bromberg   Draft Day   Eric Arnett   Erin Andrews   Florida   Florida State League   For Love of the Game   fort myers   Ft. Myers   Ft. Myers Miracle   George Toma   golf   google   Hoosiers   IMG   Indiana   Indiana Hoosiers   Indiana University   Indiana University Baseball   Intern   iPhone   Jobs   Joe Mauer   Johnny Pesky   Josh Phegley   Justin Morneau   Key West   Life   Matt Bashore   Miami   milb   Minnesota Twins   mlb   MLB Draft   MLB Network   palm beach   red sox   Rocco's Tacos   Roxys   Roxys Pub   Spencer Steedley   Sports   Spring Training   Steve Singleton   Tampa   Tampa Bay Rays   The Breakers   Tiger Woods   weather   west palm beach   World Baseball Classic   World of Beer   World Series   Writing   Yankees 
 
 
 Top Posts 
 
 LOL!! Hahaha. SMH! WTF? 
  Our Veterans and "The Best Generation." 
 "Never get complacent with your girl, man." 
 "Things change. People leave. And life doesn't stop for anybody." 
 A (funny) Year in Palm Beach 
  The Challenges of Golf 
 Beamer, Benz, or Bentley...or Broken Down Car: Why Minor League Players need YOUR Help! 
 West Palm Beach: 106 days later 
 West Palm Beach 
 Florida Bound....But for now, the Indianapolis International Airport 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 August 2011 
 January 2011 
 September 2010 
 March 2010 
 December 2009 
 November 2009 
 September 2009 
 June 2009 
 May 2009 
 April 2009 
 March 2009 
 February 2009 
 January 2009 
 
 
 
 Pages 
 
 About Natalie 
 Ft. Myers Miracle Pictures 
 Pictures 
 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 WordPress.com 
 WordPress.org 
 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 LOL!! Hahaha. SMH! WTF? 
 Our Veterans and "The Best Generation." 
 "Never get complacent with your girl, man." 
 "Things change. People leave. And life doesn't stop for anybody." 
 A (funny) Year in Palm Beach 
 
 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 acashman  on  A (funny) Year in Palm Be… 
 
 
 
 
 Mom on  "Things change. People l… 
 
 
 
 Tish on  A (funny) Year in Palm Be… 
 
 
 
 Tisw on  A (funny) Year in Palm Be… 
 
 
 
 
 Community Post…  on  A (funny) Year in Palm Be… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 Baseball 
 Boston Red Sox 
 College 
 Economy 
 Erin Andrews 
 Ft. Myers Miracle 
 Graduation 
 Intern 
 Job Market 
 Job Search 
 Joe Mauer 
 Justin Morneau 
 Life 
 Minnesota Twins 
 Minor League Baseball 
 mlb 
 MLB 2009 Draft 
 MLB Draft 
 MLB Network 
 Sports 
 Spring Training 
 Technology 
 Uncategorized 
 Vacation 
 West Palm Beach 
 Writing 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 January 2021 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 
 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 
 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 
 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 31 
 
 
 
 « Dec 
 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 
   Natalie Platt's Twitter Updates 
 
 An error has occurred; the feed is probably down. Try again later. 
 
 
 
 Somewhere; a twentysomething…  * I've been here and there, right now I'm here. 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
