Vannas Pages 
 Experto crede. 
 Skip to content 
 Menu 
 
 Blog (bilingual) 
 Deutsch 
 
 Bücherliste 
 Blog (Deutsch) 
 Filmliste 
 Fotografie 
 Impressum 
 Über mich 
 
 
 English 
 
 About me 
 Blog (English) 
 Books 
 Contact 
 Films 
 Photography 
 
 
 
 Posted on  13. May 200823. June 2018  by  vannade 
 Rambling: Job Interviews 
 One week ago I was in Galway, Ireland, for a job interview at a very successful European company. I decided after the interview that I didn't want to work for them, and they called yesterday to tell me they didn't want me to work for them anyway. 
 I dressed up for the interview, which made me uncomfortable, but they told me they were glad that I did, otherwise they'd have thought I wasn't serious about the job. Then they asked me a lot of silly questions like: 
 
 Why Galway? 
 How will you deal with all the rain? 
 Why translating? 
 Why do you want to work here? 
 Why should we hire you? 
 Where do you see yourself in three years? 
 Have you ever had to work in a team? What did you have to accomplish, what was your contribution, and what was the outcome? 
 What has been the greatest achievement in your life so far? 
 
 That team work question really bothered me, since you know what they want to hear but it's just so trite. They want to hear that you had a difficult project to work on and what your amazing contribution was that saved the day and the project. But I think that working in a team means that you don't have one person who saves the day. Anyway, I found it hard to pick an example because the question is so silly, and later on the phone they told me that while I did very well on their written test, I had a hard time finding examples and they were more interested in someone with stronger communication skills. (I was relieved, though, because I figure it's easier to be turned down than to have to tell them 'It's great that you want me, but I figured I'd rather stay put.') 
 Be that as it may, I dare you to think about this question: 
 What has been the greatest achievement in your life so far? 
 Here's what I read yesterday: _ 
"These questions seem to be about honesty. Really, they're about diplomacy. What you're most proud of might be your comic-book collection. That's not necessarily what the interviewer wants to hear, and you probably know that. There are safer answers, such as "the feeling of accomplishment I get from doing something - it could be anything - really well." The trouble with the traditional interview is that both sides are wise to the game. The interviewers nod, not believing a word of it." 
_(" How would you move Mount Fuji? " by William Poundstone, page 17) 
 Posted in  English ,  Rambling Tagged  How Would You Move Mount Fuji? ,  job interview ,  job interview questions ,  William Poundstone 
 Published by vannade 
  View all posts by vannade  
 Post navigation 
 Prev Music Monday #14 - Beggin' 
 Next Linkage #11: Music Video Database 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Comment 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 Current ye@r * 
 Leave this field empty 
 Search / Suche 
 Search for: Search 
 Categories / Kategorien 
 Categories / Kategorien Select Category Allgemein  (161) architecture  (5) art  (1) bad books  (6) Bebauung  (2) Books  (23) Bücher  (26) Cats  (2) Deutsch  (383) English  (214) Film und TV  (14) Food  (11) Fotografie  (10) Garten  (2) Gerede  (181) good books  (13) good movies  (1) great books  (11) Katzen  (51) Linguistik  (5) Linkage  (35) Movies  (4) Music  (54) Music Monday  (169) Musik  (127) Niederrad  (1) Oz  (54) Rambling  (60) Restaurants  (6) Träume  (1) TV shows  (2) Verlinkung  (21) Video Saturday  (34) Videospiele  (9) 
 Flickr 
 ➤  Flickr Photstream 
 Lunar Eclipse 2018-07-27 
 Lunar Eclipse 2018-07-27 
 Lunar Eclipse 2018-07-27 
 Lunar Eclipse 2018-07-27 
 Meta 
 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.org 
 
 (C) Copyright 2021 -  Vannas Pages 
 Wisteria Theme by  WPFriendship  ⋅ Powered by  WordPress 
