Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Agro Manager 
 Westview Co-op 
 __Hanna, AB 
 Apply Now 
 The Agro Manager is responsible for overall leadership to the Hanna location with Westview Co-op. This position is responsible for all aspects of the operation, ensuring alignment with our Core Values and Corporate Pillars: 
 People 
 Lead the direction of Talent Management for Team Members in all areas including Performance Management, Talent Development, Engagement, Talent Acquisition, Orientation & Onboarding, and Succession Planning 
 Operations 
 The Agro Manager is responsible for the overall safe, effective operations of their respective location. This individual will work with their Team Members to identify areas for improvement and follow up on execution. Ensure facilities adhere to or exceed Brand Standards and expectations then identify deficiencies and provide recommendations/action plans as required. This position will collaborate closely with others to achieve results and meet required expectations pertaining to their operations. Follow up with Team Members to ensure they understand and follow Westview Co-op’s Brand Image and Best Practice for the respective location on a consistent basis. This position works closely with their Team Members to find ways to improve operational results with a strategic focus to ensure long term sustainability of the operation. Understanding, adherence to, execution of, as well as responsibility for Team Members in the respective operation, of Westview Co-op’s Policies and Procedures is required. This position is responsible for all aspects of the operations and financial results including sales, margins, expenses, inventory and inventory turns of the assigned areas. Review financial statements and provide coaching/guidance for Team Members to identify strengths and areas for improvements. Work with respective Team Members to develop action plans and follow up as required. Assist in preparation of the annual Retail Strategic Plan and the annual budget. Administrative duties including claims, invoices and all other paperwork is done timely, accurately and meets agreed upon timelines. 
 Market 
 Support and implement successful marketing campaigns to boost store sales and consumer awareness of the Co-op Value proposition. This position would work closely with the Ag/Energy Division Manager to execute strategies while looking for new ways to enhance business growth through CRS Programs. Identify external competitive pressures and provide feedback/recommendations to improve operations and competitive edge. 
 Sustainability 
 Role will be performed in alignment with our sustainability pillar of People, Planet and Profits which is explained in detail in the job profile. 
 Previous experience (minimum 5 years) progressive and successful leadership roles preferably in the Ag Industry. 
 We welcome candidates with a combination of relevant experience and/or education. Candidates will demonstrate the following: 
 Understanding of our Values (Integrity, Excellence, Responsibility, Community) 
World Class Guest service skills 
Strong attention to detail as well as organizational and interpersonal skills 
Quality communication skills 
 Ability to work effectively with others 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
