Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Manager, Software Development - (Search) 
 Loblaw Digital 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 At Loblaw Digital, we know that our customers expect the best from us. 
 Whether that means building the best, most innovative online shopping experience, or designing an app that will impact the lives of people across the country, we're up for the challenge. 
From our office in Downtown Toronto, we've created leading eCommerce experiences in the online grocery shopping, beauty, and apparel spaces, and we're only just getting started. 
You will be leading the Search Team that works on software powering Loblaw's 
online grocery and marketplace search experiences. You will hold responsibility for 
identifying bottlenecks in the process and roadblocks to success for the team and 
clearing these roadblocks. 
Working from our downtown office, you will report to the Director of Software 
Engineering and will lead the team to build, improve, and maintain a world-class, 
multi-channel e-commerce platform. 
This is a rare opportunity to lead a team that 
will build new technology that will operate at a massive scale and impact the lives 
of millions of Canadians 
 About us: 
We work in cross-functional teams where team members have direct impact on what is being built 
We simplify our work processes as much as we can and understand distributed work culture and its challenges 
We choose the tools we use according to the needs of each task 
We share our knowledge; we discuss what we learn 
We organize company meet-ups, hackathons and weekly tech-talks 
 Technologies and tools we use: 
Java, Spring Framework, Junit 
ElasticSearch 
Docker, Kubernetes, Helm 
CI/CD (GitLab) 
Prometheus and Grafana 
 Google Cloud Platform:  Pub/Sub, BigTable, etc. 
What You'll Do 
Cultivate a deep understanding of the portfolio of applications we utilize, along with their respective strengths and weaknesses, to provide solutions to existing and future challenges. 
Construct design documents and documentation to aid in maintenance and code reuse. 
Lead technical architecture for a whole component and/or cross-functional team. 
Define the long-term vision for the team's component. 
Translate project goals and product roadmaps into organized technical tasks. 
Through your knowledge of industry trends and tools, together with your own experiences, guide the team to improve our software, our environment, and our process 
Provide guidance and direction to the development team to tear down obstacles and keep initiatives on target and moving forward 
Coach and mentor developers in the team through technical design sessions, code reviews and pair programming 
Provide technical guidance and support in resolving critical production issues 
Collaborate with business and product stakeholders to successfully deliver new features and capabilities. 
Align the team's work with the company's strategic and tactical goals. 
Have one-on-one meetings with developers. 
Conduct performance reviews. Set accountability for team members. 
Shield the team from distractions. 
Establish standards for code and systems. 
Does this sound like you? 
 Minimum Qualifications: 
A degree in Computer Science or a combination of equivalent experience with a college diploma 
1-2 years of engineering management experience 
5+ years of active software development experience in Java 
1-2 years of experience with ElasticSearch 
Solid experience with building and maintaining RESTful APIs 
 Nice to have: 
Experience with full-stack development 
Practical experience with queue managers i.e. RabbitMQ, Pub/Sub, and/or similar 
Deploying, observing and monitoring production Java applications 
Experience with NoSQL databases 
Some understanding of cloud architecture in GCP 
 Ideally you are someone who: 
is opinionated about what it takes to produce great software, but remains receptive to other's ideas 
can develop complex consumer facing software using Java, Spring Framework and cloud technologies 
cares about ownership. You proactively seek out bugs and fix them. Occasionally, when bugs find you, you don't sweep them under the rug 
is experienced with software estimation, often confronted with complexity and uncertainty 
makes decisions based on data. You are well versed with tools to measure every aspect of the application 
has developed large applications in a team environment and are comfortable working in a very collaborative team setup 
is a great communicator. You can present complicated solutions to non-technical audience in a simple and logical way 
has strong understanding of security architecture 
has solid understanding of how client-server applications interact 
understands and values modern approaches to code quality 
How you’ll succeed 
 At Loblaw Digital, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. We’re able to keep innovating because our colleagues are passionate about their work and excited about the future of eCommerce. 
 You will get to work with some of the best digital minds and will have the support of world class technologies to craft products our customers will love! 
 Loblaw Digital recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. 
In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
