  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
 HTML 
 
 HTML Freelance Jobs From Mexico 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Find the best freelance  HTML Developers  from  Mexico 
 ](https://www.workana.com/freelancers/mexico/html) 
 2 weeks ago 
 Real Expert on Wordpress/ Elementor + Seo + Speed improvement + Goo... 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Bids: 6 
 Speed up da and pa 
ranking in serp features 
good multi-language implementation 
meta tags and description and also xml sitemaps 
minimize the page reload time 
resize of images used 
css and js files on the website 
minimizing the http requests. 
amount of time your DNS lookup 
Google Crawling 
Schema mark-ups 
Keywords 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Wordpress 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Setup software bundle 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 API Integrations  : Other (Other APIs) 
 Published by:  B. Last reply: 2 days ago  Mexico 
 USD 50 - 100 
 Last month 
 Beautify an existing Django-Bootstrap website 
 Published: Last month  Deadline: 57 Bids: 40 
 We are looking for an experienced front end web developer that can help us to improve the look and feel of an existing Restaurant administration system based on django in order to provide a superior UX, the developer will be responsible of the implementation of about 11 html templates, we will give completely technical freedom to define the stack to use in the front end 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web design 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Specific need  : Update a website 
 Published by:  E. 3. Last reply: Last month  Mexico Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 1,000 - 3,000 
 Last month 
 Weblow website build and implementation 
 Published: Last month  Bids: 9 
 We have the website mockups for mobile and desktop. 
We need to make them a reality and build them both for mobile and desktop. 
The calculator needs to also be programmed for sure. 
 Mobile  https://marvelapp.com/prototype/9655d9h 
Desktop  https://marvelapp.com/prototype/fcggca7 
They will have to be built and programmed to load into  kriptos.io 
Using webflow. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have the design 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Social media (Facebook, Twitter, etc.) 
 Roles needed  : Developer, Designer 
 Published by:  L. F. Mexico 
 USD 500 - 1,000 
 3 months ago 
 Create a Marketplace Platform like Airbnb,Amazon 
 Published: 3 months ago  Bids: 8 
 I'm looking a team to help me to create a Marketplace platform, something similar Amazon/ Uber,  inicially for a target market but with the option to scale the project 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Medium 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have an idea 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Payment Processor (Paypal, Stripe, etc.) 
 Roles needed  : Developer, Design a landing page, Designer 
 Published by:  M. R. Mexico 
 USD 500 - 1,000 
 3 months ago 
 Business Directory and listing 
 Published: 3 months ago  Bids: 4 
 I want something likes this 
Example:  https://main.mylistingtheme.com. 
 But i like this with angular 10, and thw future i want an app IONIC 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Apps programming. Android, iOS and others 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new app 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have an idea 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Required platforms  : Android, iPhone 
 I need to  : Create an app 
 App type  : Promotion - Application to promote your business/company 
 Similar apps  : Airbnb 
 Back-end is required  : Yes 
 Payment gateway  : Yes 
 Published by:  E. V. Last reply: 3 months ago  Mexico 
 USD 500 - 1,000 
 3 months ago 
 Project yabla 
 Published: 3 months ago  Bids: 10 
 
 
 need to have my website capable of receiving sign ups and payments. 
 
 
 I need help with some of the advanced configuration in pipedrive, example: chat nos, web form, workflow etc. I have configured all of the pipeline applications however. 
 
 
 I need help with setting up a campaign using outtunnel integration with pipeline 
 
 
 I need help finding a good source of email addresses in Mexico to use for the campaign. 
 
 
 This is urgent and need completed by 12 de October 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : E-commerce 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new store 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have the design 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Payment Processor (Paypal, Stripe, etc.) 
 Roles needed  : Project manager, Developer, Design a landing page 
 Published by:  A. S. Last reply: 3 months ago  Mexico Payment method:  __Verified 
 Over USD 3,000 
 4 months ago 
 Add Camera overlay in web app 
 Published: 4 months ago  Bids: 4 
 Hello, 
 I am developing a mobile web application. In my app I need to take pictures of ID cards. This picture is sent to an OCR engine for text extraction. 
The OCR engine needs images with good quality to have a high extraction of the text. 
 I want the users to take picture of only the card frame with minimum background noise. For that, I need to implement a layout over the phone camera, so the user can take the picture of only the card frame. 
 Once the picture is taken, it must not be resized or altered in its quality. Layout must not block any camera function like autofocus or zoom in. 
 This layout must be written in javascript and be easily integrated into my project. 
 I attached an image for reference of the expected layout. It is just for reference, you can implement another layout as long as it is functional. 
 Thanks. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Small change or bug 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  L. S. Last reply: 4 months ago  Mexico 
 USD 100 - 250 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
