Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Pharmacy Assistant (Part Time Temporary – 6 month Contract) 
 Shoppers Drug Mart 
 __Mississauga, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
5700 Keaton Road, Mississauga, Ontario, L5R 3G3 
 At MediSystem Pharmacy, you can use your skills to do meaningful work that has a real impact, in an environment that promotes learning, growth and opportunity. Whether it's your first job or you're ready for a new challenge, MediSystem Pharmacy can turn your potential into performance that is recognized and rewarded. We offer competitive pay, full benefits, and a work-life balance. 
 Why this role is important? 
 6 Month Contract 
 What You 'll Do: 
Fill a variety of prescriptions efficiently to maintain workflow 
Prepare compounds, mixtures and temperature control items 
Package blister pack medications 
Deliver completed product based on schedules 
Ensure appropriate follow up on minor issues 
Synchronization and collaboration with other departments 
Ensure organization of work station and inventory shelves 
Maintain appropriate supplies and materials 
Some involvement in prescription information management 
Recognize liability on the outcomes of service provided 
 What You 'll Need: 
Excellent communication skills and customer service skills 
Detail oriented 
Ability to prioritize work assignments 
Ability to adapt to change 
Experience working in a fast-paced environment where high attention to detail and accuracy is essential 
Ability to work and maneuver quickly and consistently for extended periods of time 
Positive, cooperative, and team-oriented attitude 
High School Diploma 
 Preferred: 
Exposure to Hospital or Long Term Care Pharmacy 
Experience working in a retail pharmacy environment 
Pharmacy Technician Diploma from accredited college, but not require 
 Part Time Temporary – 6 month Contract 
 This role requires employees to be flexible to work a variety of shifts during the business’ hours of operations, which include occasional weekend shifts and statutory holidays. 
 Employment Type: 
Part time 
 Type of Role: 
Temporary (Fixed Term) 
 Shoppers Drug Mart Inc. recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Please Note:  If you have Employee Self Service (ESS) on Workday, apply to this job via the Workday application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
