01273 068612 / 07591 921612  
   
 
 Home 
 Clients 
 Candidates 
 Services 
 Contact 
 
 Select Page 
 Employment Sectors 
 Jobs in Brighton & Sussex 
 We are dedicated to helping professionals to manage their careers and companies find the talent to achieve success. 
 See below for just a few sectors of employment we cover 
 IT and Technical Support Staff 
 Are you looking for support with you next career move within the growing IT and Digital sector or are you an employer looking to recruit for positions at junior, graduate, management and director level? We are specialist Information Technology and Digital industry Recruiters. Our vibrant team possess several years of experience in recruitment and our knowledge includes AI, blockchain, cloud and data, cyber, digital media, telecoms, mobile, software and consultancy. 
 Technology 
 We are experts in technology recruitment with niche market knowledge and an excellent reputation for sourcing highly-specialist candidates in the technical sector. For Tech or related field such as Digital and Engineering our consultants always on hand to help with your recruiting needs. 
 Sales 
 We understand sales talent and handpick the best applicants for your company. From talented sales graduate to highly experienced sales executive our excellent sales recruitment agency will ensure that you have a skilled and loyal workforce. 
 Delegate Sales 
 Our delegate driven and ambitious sales candidates are quality focused and achieve highly professional standards 
 Tele Call Centre & Expo calling 
 We have the drive and determination to deliver success in a sales environment. Our motivated talent will contribute positively to the success of your company taking the time to understand your services. They are adept at conducting market research, meeting potential clients, making outbound sales calls, meeting productivity targets and will proactively seek feedback in pursuit of continuous improvement. 
 Get in touch 
 Marketing and PR 
 We have talent who have successfully managed a Marketing team, developed marketing strategies and have proven success in improving brand awareness. Our candidates are often required to work to a budget and targets and to have a strong understanding of Digital Marketing for their roles. Some of our PR duties have included Managing teams to develop strategies within organisations and all management duties such as performance reviews and succession planning. Our candidates will help to develop your team to continually maximise success and growth with a successful PR and Marketing plan. 
 Human resources 
 Our HR talent provide pragmatic and professional human resource services including training and coaching at all levels to deliver HR best practices. They can lead workforce reorganisation projects, manage complex employee relations cases and achieve timely resolutions. With up to date knowledge of employment legislation, codes of practice and terms and conditions of employment our candidates have a proactive attitude, resilience and flexibility to achieve organisational goals. Many individuals have experience of delivering people management training to large audiences and reviewing and producing statutory results in accordance with IFRS. 
 Accounting and Finance 
 Connect with leading Accountancy and Finance employers and high calibre candidates seeking financial services jobs. We work with all parts of the financial services sector including banking, insurance and investment management including Audit, Credit Control, Payroll, Management Accountant, Bookkeeping, Senior Finance, Tax and Treasury, Public Services and Public Practice Accounting positions. 
 Event admin staff 
 Our event administration talent have the required skills and attributes to achieve excellent time management, attention to detail with a quality approach to planning, organising and prioritising their work load. They have the ability to work on your own initiative, build relationships and engage with colleagues and clients at all levels. As professional and confidential team players they are able to provide assistance to colleagues where appropriate. From business support and event management to administration experience we have the right candidate for your vacancy. 
 Get in touch 
 Administrative and office 
 Our administrative talent are able to manage the daily operations of a business and solving administrative problems. We can find you the ideal candidate to for instance, provide support services to keep projects moving, schedule meetings and appointments, ordering stationery and equipment, maintain office policies as necessary and ensure that HR records are kept up to date. Our office talent are confident and happy to provide general support to visitors, address employees queries regarding office management and liaise with facility management and security services From Office Manager to Office Juniors we have a pool of talent to keep your business running smoothly. 
 Enrolment services 
 Attract, engage, and manage the best candidates. Our Enrolment talent are highly-organised with outstanding attention to detail. With backgrounds in customer support, project management or education-related fields and we can connect your business with the right individuals. All of our candidates have an excellent professional manner, strong communication and multitasking skills, including working to timelines. 
 B2B Sales and Lead Generation 
 Our recruitment consultants will find the right talent to help you manage telephone skills training, customer surveys, market research, data cleansing, inbound telemarketing and customer services. 
 Our talent have the skills and the confidence to achieve fantastic results from unscripted, peer-to-peer conversations with client’s prospects and customers. 
 Pharmaceutical Lead 
 We are here to help you quickly source high quality candidates. All of our talent are highly professional and some are ABPI code and pharmacovigilance trained. Many of our talent embrace digital communication in areas such as personalised communications with healthcare professionals and e-detailing. 
 Get in touch 
 Inbound customer services 
 We have dedicated inbound sales and web sales candidates ready to deliver top quality telephone customer service and sales. Our talent are able to answer questions regarding services, build rapport within a conversational call flow, close sales and achieve a high performing lead generation strategy. 
 Risk retention and compliance 
 We have the right talent to design a strategy in line with your compliant framework and risk assessment. Our candidates are able to provide comprehensive guidance, document checking and due diligence regulatory updates. We are experienced at working with all departments to develop, manage and maintain the necessary records as well as providing necessary KPI data associated with record retention. 
 Get in touch 
 ( 01273 ) 068612 or (  07591) 921612 
 9-10 Jew Street, Brighton, East Sussex, BN1 1UT 
 
 
 Follow 
 
 
 Follow 
 
 
 Follow 
 
 
 Follow 
 
 
  Facebook  
 
 
  Twitter  
 
 
  Instagram  
 
 
 Site by Cloud 8 
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience. By using our site, you agree to our use of cookies. Got it!  Read More 
 Cookies & Privacy Policy 
 Close 
 Privacy Overview 
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may affect your browsing experience. 
 Necessary 
 Necessary 
 Always Enabled 
 Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. 
 Non-necessary 
 Non-necessary 
 Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. 
