
 [Home 
 
 ](https://www.workabroadnetwork.com) 
 
 [US Employers 
 
 ](https://www.workabroadnetwork.com/employers) 
 
 [Foreign Job Seekers 
 
 ](https://www.workabroadnetwork.com/job-seekers) 
 
 [Contact Us 
 
 ](https://www.workabroadnetwork.com/copy-of-contact-us) 
 
 More 
 
 | 
 | 
 ---|---|--- 
 | 
 | 
 | 
 Looking for a Seasonal Job or an Internship in the US? 
 WE’RE ON THE JOB! 
 Work Abroad Network serves as the link between US Employers and workers from South Africa, Mexico and other eligible countries.  Seasonal work in the United States provides many skilled, unskilled workers and students with the opportunity to obtain work abroad.  There are opportunities available in a variety of industries like agriculture, tourism, construction, and manufacturing.  Being able to communicate and operate fluently in english is necessary. 
 ​ 
 Work Abroad Network have offices in South Africa and in the US.  Our services include recruitment of candidates for seasonal employment, matching workers with US employers, facilitating the process of interviewing candidates, running background checks, medical tests, and police clearance on all apllicants.  We assist candidates throughout the entire process from matching with US employer, securing job offers, navigate through visa application procedures every step of the way.  Work Abroad Network assist with travel arrangements, obtaining health insurance and remains in contact with you for the duration of your stay in the US until safe return to your home country. 
 ​ 
 Our American Team headed by Tina Andrew, and managed by Michel Otto ensures that all legal requirements are met by working directly with the USA local State offices, Regional Department of Labor and USCIS.  It is our aim to make your experience of working abroad as painless, effortless, and enjoyable as possible. 
 Working abroad and successfully completing necessary steps to work abroad is not for the faint hearted and since we work with several government agencies to secure legal documentation, you are requested to be patient depending where in the process you are recruited and placed.  Paperwork can take up to three months from start to finish in the US. 
 US Job Seekers 
 We place seasonal workers from around the world in certified, legal, approved jobs in the US via the following programs: 
 
 
 H2A Agricultural Visa   
 
 
 H2B Non Agricultural Visa 
 
 
 J1 Ag Exchange 
 
 
 Submit your application form and resume to begin your job search today! 
 Download and fill out the form below, and send with your resume to  belinda@workabroadnetwork.co.za  . Once submitted you will be contacted to advance with the process. 
 Download Information Brochure 
 I enlisted the help of Work abroad network to assist me in my visa application. Belinda Mohr and Tina Andrew did a great job of preparing and compiling my documents. They are very thorough and extremely competent. 
 They made "the" difference  and I will encourage anyone to use the service, its well worth it. 
 ​ 
 J W Smalberger 
