Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Gas Station Pump Attendant 
 Calgary Co-operative Association Limited 
 __High River, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description: 
Calgary Co-op 's businesses include a wide variety of departments ranging from Food, Petroleum, Wine Spirits and Beer, Pharmacy, and Home Health Care. We offer diverse and exciting career opportunities for all ages in several locations in and around Calgary and surrounding areas of Airdrie, Okotoks, Strathmore, Cochrane and High River. So, wherever you live and whatever your skills, we'd love to have you join our cooperative team, and become part of a company whose roots run deep into the heart of the communities we serve. 
 We're currently seeking a Gas Station Pump Attendant to join our Petroleum team! This position reports directly to the Gas Station Supervisor. Some main responsibilities include: 
 Ensure customer service is provided through maintaining a safe and efficient operation while adhering to company policies, procedures and standards. 
 Performing all aspects of filling appropriate fuel into vehicles, filling propane into bottles, storing and maintaining product and displays. 
 May include assisting with the unloading of stock or supplies from supplier vehicles. 
 Assist with regular clean-up duties to ensure an efficient safe and clean Gas Station is maintained. 
 What skills and abilities will you need to be considered? 
 Grade 9 or an acceptable combination of education and experience 
 What skills and abilities will set you apart from others? 
 Previous retail related experience 
 Benefits & Perks 
 Calgary Co-op has excellent opportunities for increasing levels of responsibility, personal growth and challenge. We offer competitive wages, paid vacations, employee discounts, a recognition program, social committee events, employee and family assistance plan, and a scholarship program. We also offer numerous training and development programs. 
 We believe that if we take care of our team members, our team members will take care of our business. 
 We thank all applicants for their interest; however only those considered for an interview will be contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
