We use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our site, analyze site traffic, and understand where our audience is coming from. To find out more, please read our  privacy policy. 
 By choosing 'I Accept', you consent to our use of cookies and other tracking technologies. 
 I Accept 
 We use cookies and other tracking technologies to improve your browsing experience on our site, analyze site traffic, and understand where our audience is coming from. To find out more, please read our  privacy policy. 
 By choosing 'I Accept', you consent to our use of cookies and other tracking technologies. Less 
 I Accept 
 We use cookies and other tracking technologies... More 
 I Accept 
 Login or register 
 to apply for this job! 
 Login or register 
 to save this job! 
 Login or register to start contributing with an article! 
 Login or register 
 to see more jobs from this company! 
 Login or register 
 to boost this post! 
 Show some love to the author of this blog by giving their post some rocket fuel 🚀. 
 Login or register to search for your ideal job! 
 Login or register to start working on this issue! 
 Engineers who find a new job through WorksHub average a 15% increase in salary 🚀 
 Start with GitHub Start with Twitter Start with Stack Overflow Signup with Email Login with Email 
 WorksHub 
 
 Jobs 
 Open Source Issues 
 Articles 
 Companies 
 
 Sign Up Login 
 Continue with 
 GitHub Stack Overflow Twitter Email 
 
 Jobs 
 Issues 
 Articles 
 Companies 
 Metrics 
 For Employers 
 
 
 [ 
 Serokell 
 ](/companies/serokell) 
 
 50-249 
 
 Serokell is a custom software development and consulting company working with functional programming technologies in spheres such as blockchain. Serokell is fully remote — our diverse background and fast-moving environment make everyday communication and workflow creative and fun. Our international team consists of talent from various spheres: software engineers, computer scientists, mathematicians, and many more inventive individuals. We work flexible hours in small, friendly teams and abide by certain principles: as little bureaucracy as possible (no unnecessary meetings, super detailed reports, etc.), proper management, healthy work/life balance, and continuous improvement. More info at serokell.io. 
 C++ Technology Private Agda NIX TYPESCRIPT Great tech stack Internal Training 
 All Jobs from Serokell 
 Rust and Haskell Software DeveloperCompetitiveSerokellEstonia 
 Contribute to the performance-critical subsystems of our customers’ systems. 
 Remote 
 haskell rust http 
 More Info Apply 
 WorksHub 
 📧 hello@works-hub.com 
 🇬🇧 81 Rivington Street, London, EC2A 3AY 
 🇺🇸 108 E 16th Street, New York, NY 10003 
 Highest in-demand talent 
 Hire Software Engineers Hire Java Developers Hire Remote Developers Hire Blockchain Developers Hire Data Scientists Hire Functional Programmers Hire Javascript Developers Hire Python Developers Hire Golang Developers 
 Locations 
 Hire developers in NYC Hire developers in London Hire developers in San Francisco Hire developers in Berlin 
 WorksHub 
 Careers Companies Sitemap Metrics Functional Works Blockchain Works JavaScript Works Ai Works Golang Works Java Works Python Works Remote Works 
 Employers 
 For employers Register company Pricing and plans Request a demo Terms of Service 
 
 © 2020 WorksHub 
 Privacy Policy 
 Developed by WorksHub 
