Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Online Swim Instructor 
 K&K Swim School 
 __Calgary, AB 
 Apply Now 
 K&K Online Swim Lesson Instructor 
 Love kids? Passion for teaching? Join our team! 
 About Us: 
K&K Online Swim Lessons delivers worldwide, online lessons for infants and their parents. K&K Online has been inspiring a love and respect for the water since March of 2020, and is an extension of Western Canada’s largest private swim school, K&K Swim School. We offer a fun and rewarding opportunity for professional growth. Having taught thousands of swimmers, we’ve built our curriculum from the best industry standards and we are excited to teach you too! 
 As leaders in the industry, we have a clear purpose and believe our company culture sets us apart. At K&K, we work to create a welcoming environment for not only our students but for our team. Our team members are more than employees, they are members of the K&K family. Training and development are extremely important to us, we will ensure you are equipped with everything you need to know. We focus on creating an inclusive organization where all employees feel engaged and know their work makes an important, live-saving contribution to our communities. We create a work environment where team members feel valued, respected, empowered, and inspired to leave a lasting impact on our swimmers and their families! 
 The Position: 
We’re looking for a part-time, online infant lesson instructor. Starting wage is based on your previous experience. You choose your own availability. 
 The Benefits: 
Flexible schedule 
Benefits available (for instructors available 20+ hrs per week) 
Work from home 
Reimbursements for certifications 
Growth & advancement within the company 
Provides a lasting professional impact 
Build meaningful relationships with your swimmers & their families 
Work with fun, like-minded people 
 Main Responsibilities: 
Building professional growth at team meetings 
Educating families of swimmers starting at the age of 3-weeks-old by using K&K’s water-loving curriculum in a private, online setting 
Arrive early to each shift, ready to teach with pride 
Streamline growth by evaluating students and providing families with accurate and motivating feedback 
Use your experience to teach and inspire new team members to work hard within the swim school 
 The Location: 
K&K Online Swim Lessons are taught to parents all over the world via Zoom, in the comfort of your own home! 
 What We Look For: 
Hard-working, dynamic, and passionate individuals 
Certified in First Aid & CPR (required) 
A mindset geared towards educating parents 
All hours of availability welcome, though weekday evenings are required 
The ability to work independently 
A strong & reliable team player 
A confident leader 
An adaptable mindset that is open to different aquatic experiences 
An appreciation for babies and children of all ages 
CPR B Certification is an asset 
Previous swim instruction experience is an asset, but not required 
Multilingual is an asset, but not required 
 If you share our company's truths of challenging, growing, and inspiring others, then we'd love to hear from you. We can offer you a collaborative and learning environment, where you will be supported with development opportunities. 
 Interested? 
 Fill out an online application - http://kkswimschool.com/careersonline-instructor 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
