Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Packer positions - week - afternoon shifts - full time - temp to perm 
 GardaWorld 
 __Vaughan, ON 
 Apply Now 
 GardaWorld  is currently looking for reliable candidates for  Packer  positions in Vaughan.  Packers  will be packaging bags into boxes off of the conveyor line. 
 Reporting to the Shift Supervisor, the  Packers  will help the production line package the highest quality plastic films.  Packers  are able to work in a fast paced, repetitive environment. 
 Afternoon  Packers  would work Monday – Friday from 4:00 pm – midnight. 
 Packers  will work in a normal manufacturing environment that creates high quality products in high volumes. This is an exciting opportunity to work in an manufacturing facility that is committed to high quality products. 
 We are looking for  Packers  in Vaughan, Ontario to join an afternoon shift. 
 Packers responsibilities 
 
 Assemble corrugated boxes and printed boxes . 
 Collects bundle or roll of kitchen or garbage bag products from machine folder conveyor/winder and inserts into boxes or covers. 
 Packs printed boxes into corrugated boxes 
 Watch for Quality Issues and report them to the lead hand 
 Clean and maintain workspace. 
 
 Packers Qualifications 
 
 Able to stand for extended periods of time 
 Able to complete repetitive tasks 
 Punctual with a good attendance record. 
 Work in a fast paced environment 
 Work using GMP 
 Physical requirements include: the ability to bend and twist at the waist, knees and neck; stand and walk for extended periods of time; repetitive wrist movements; 
 
 Employment conditions : 
* 
Afternoon Shifts 4:00 pm – midnight 
 
 Employment type: Temporary to permanent 
 Location: Vaughan, ON 
 Pay: $15.86/hr 
 
 Interested in the Afternoon Packers role in Vaughan, ON ? 
 To qualify your application in priority, please apply through our career website directly. 
 For further details about this job opportunity, please contact our office: 
 Recruiter: Harishan or Lisa 
Office phone number: 905-953-9133 
 About   GardaWorld 
 GardaWorld  is an equal-opportunity employer and we are proud to offer jobs in environments where diversity is embraced. We are committed to recruiting, hiring, training and promoting qualified people of all backgrounds, and make all employment decisions without regard to any protected status (race, color, religion, gender, sexual orientation, national origin, age, marital or veteran status, disability or any other protected status). 
 Apply now! 
 Job Types: Full-time, Temporary, Permanent 
 Salary: $634.40 /week 
 Experience: 
 
 packer: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Location: 
 
 Alliston, ON (Preferred) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
