[ 
 Seal Matches 
 Stories & News 
 ](https://sealmatches.wordpress.com/) 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About A Seal and Matches 
 Poetry 
 Articles 
 Stories 
 Photography 
 Serial: Who Killed Mrs Crew 
 
 Overworked, or hardly working? Not working at all; a robot stole my job 
 Harry  /  January 19, 2017 
 via the Daily Prompt -  Overworked 
 Robots will steal your job . It's inevitable. You think you're safe because you can string a few words together, make them sound pretty, unique. Creativity is safe from automation, you smirk. I'm a sales person, robots can't take my job. People crave one to one human interaction, I'm safe and sound. 
 Artificial Intelligence is the future of the human race. Imagine a sales machine, a sales computer, that can sell to other machines twenty-four hours a day, seven days a week. Machines selling to machines. On one end, you've got a group of extremely wealthy people, people who have always been wealthy, making money from their machines. On the other end, you've got a group of extremely wealthy people, who have always been wealthy, making money from their machines. 
 The aristocracy died once. Think of the Italian Revolution, the French, the Russian. Think of Lampedusa's "The Leopard." The moneyed lost their money. It happened before. I've got a feeling there will be fail-safes put in place to prevent this from happening again. Ensuring that the human workforce is expendable. In Japan an entire office has already been replaced with artificial intelligence. They can scan endless files, know everything at once. They never have a bad day. They never get broken up with, wake up with the shits, bang their head in the morning, get rained on, miss the train, get a flat tire. Machines are flawless. They never want to fight back, demand workers rights, form a union. 
 At the end of Charlie and the Chocolate Factory Mr. Bucket gets a job repairing the machine that took his job. I'd claim that Dahl was prescient, and he was in a lot of ways, but automation has been happening for years. Slowly, trickling, like our destruction of the climate, or the death of the bees. There's a slow roll, like a snowball on a mountain, gathering traction and mass in slow motion. It's all going to hit us at once, one big snowstorm. 
 There'll be no positions available for repairing the broken machines. They'll fix themselves. Where does that leave Mr. Bucket? Starving, trying to feed a large family, comprised of mainly pensioners. What did I say about Dahl being prescient? Sweden, Japan, the U.K all have gross differences between the amount of old people compared to young people. As economies develop and education increases the amount of people having children decreases. Who will care for us when we are old? Machines? 
 I'm so glad that there are places in the world trialling universal income. It's progressive ideas like this that will keep the human race afloat. Oxfam recently released an investigation that claimed that the 8 richest people owned more than half the wealth on the entire planet. More wealth than 3.9 billion people. If we leave the fate of the human race at the hands of these people, at the hands of machines as a profit mechanism, then who knows where we'll be in fifty years time. 
 Machines are key to our future. Smart machines. Ultra-intelligent machines. They'll be able to solve problems that the human mind never could. Artificial intelligence is essential for unlocking the secrets that have, for so long, eluded us.  How do our brains work? What is dark matter? How do we explore space?  With machines, humans can achieve a new level of evolution. I only hope we make sure that automation of the workforce does not destroy society, that we can find a balance and work harmoniously with machines. Work and the workplace has been the constant of society for thousands and thousands of years. From the moment man first picked up a stick, his job had been determined, for then, and forever. 
 Work gives us purpose, it gives us drive. 
 Overworked. 
 
 This one got a bit rambly. I'm away from home so no fancy art today. 
 Check out my other responses to the Daily Prompt: 
 Marathon : running to forget her grief of a broken home. 
 Exquisite:  a teacher is struck by a horrible blow in the middle of class. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 January 19, 2017  in  Articles . Tags:  Articles ,  blogging ,  comment ,  daily prompt ,  opinion 
 Related posts 
 
 Vivid kaleidoscope of human history: like the Roman asleep in the peat, you are important 
 
 Vote for a society that aims towards utopia 
 
 Stories in Short #22 (The glittering senselessness of alcohol) 
 Post navigation 
 <- Immortalised, Vietnam 2016 
 The coming of Trump -> 
 One thought on "Overworked, or hardly working? Not working at all; a robot stole my job" 
 
 yoyoyoshioka  says: 
 
  January 20, 2017 at 12:56 pm  
 nice post! although robots exist people still have to overwork sometimes. 
 Like Like 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Follow Seal Matches on WordPress.com 
 BLOG STATS 
 
 16,854 hits 
 
 POPULAR POSTS ON SEALMATCHES 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 TO YOUR TRUMPFEED 
 My Tweets 
 TO YOUR NEWSFEED 
 
 TO YOUR NEWSFEED 
 
 Archives 
 
 August 2017  (5) 
 July 2017  (2) 
 June 2017  (2) 
 May 2017  (5) 
 April 2017  (1) 
 March 2017  (8) 
 February 2017  (16) 
 January 2017  (46) 
 December 2016  (30) 
 November 2016  (68) 
 October 2016  (3) 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
