My journey on becoming full-time designer. 
 A great WordPress.com site 
 Tag Archives: give up a job 
 January 3, 2014  by   katdesigner 
 Post 1: 3 Day Challenge Accepted! 121 Posts to Go! 
 Kat doodles about life and accepts new challenge: 
 If you are reading my blog for the first time, specifically due to new challenge, let me give you little introduction. My name is Kat, I am Czech born, 28 years of age, Aries, living in the UK for more than 9 years and my friends describe me as 'hilarious'. I left home at 19. Three days after passing A-levels I was off discovering world abroad and somehow still not planning to change that quite yet. I have gone through all sorts of jobs, adventures, but travels and art were always my thing. Somehow I got accepted to university, which has the word 'royal' in its name, so it sounds great when you speak to people and they give you that acknowledging look. But even going to this amazing place my life since graduation is not posh at all and I have been struggling to make my living needs only just from doing art. So I somehow currently ended up in four jobs I run in between with still never enough money to this day. The blog was born sometime ago, but with being all over the place with too many things to do, I never had enough focus to keep it going. 
 And then it happened! I went for this internship in interior design and was told I cannot get it, because I do not drive! It was a slap in a face for my own incapability, not the lack of talent (which of course I am questioning every day). So I decided to get my act together and set myself a challenge to blog for 92 days solid and do something productive, to get things going. To see if I can beat my fear of driving, of inner myself and get on with the career I really want to have. Otherwise I am a loser and I might simply just give up and get a "normal" job, whatever that would mean for me. And things started to look up, I finally got into that car, arty opportunities started to appear and 92 days was gone without even me realizing. 
 So here we are, year 2014 and I decided to create new challenge for me since the last one made a difference. I call it 3 Days Challenge. I will start today on 3rd January and will be blogging every third day! For the whole entire year. Crazy you think, I know! I think so too. But that is simply, who I am. Ideally I would like to keep each blog post more artistic and relevant rather than me going on about what I had for dinner or about that cute guy I met at work, but I am sure something like this will sneak in anyway. With the daily challenge it was difficult, so I am hoping three days is just enough time to have a bit off time off, do the normal household stuff and still be artistic in some way. I have created list of challenges I would like to achieve or at least somehow move on with: 
 
 
 become fully freelance or employed in art& design- meaning doing anything in theatre design, interior design, visual merchandising, 3D related industries, decorating… 
 
 
 give up my two little jobs- even to the sadness of my bosses (before they do it for me), although we always had great relationships and they both secretly know I need to get on with this "art thing" 
 
 
 improve in my interpreting job- to see what I can do about moving on to next band 
 
 
 learn how to drive- which will mean the actual driving, passing theory test, practical test, and then it comes to the even more expensive bit of buying the car, an insurance, plus I am sure the list goes on. 
 
 
 become fluent in AutoCad and all the other related programs required by the industry- it was either this or learning how to drive, which became blatantly more important 
 
 
 focus more on social media, update my Facebook Page, do more networking and use the time more effectively instead of watching funny videos as I am sure we are all guilty of. 
 
 
 create a proper website since I now bought a proper domain name, which is simple enough to pronounce rather using my full name 
 
 
 and obviously make sure I blog every three days- I am thinking I might do like a monthly project to stay focused, see what happens once I start. 
 
 
 start translating this challenge into Czech for sister version of this blog, which has been neglected since last year. And I mean very neglected. 
 
 
 have fun, meet new people, make effort. Think before I say anything, which is usually what gets into trouble. And say yes to new opportunities. 
 
 
 So I think that is it! I am sure there are more resolutions, but they may appear as we go. Not ambitious list at all! Walk in a park, I say! Obviously if any of you have any ideas or would like to collaborate, let me know! 
 And not be alone in this crazy challenge I have these people, who feel very similar about their life. Ladies and gents, let me introduce You to all brave men and women, who taking up challenges of their own!!! 
 art represents: 
 Katdesigner  and her ' My journey on becoming full-time designer ' 
 Art Fn  and his  Regular sketching in 2014 
 music to your ears will bring: 
 Lukas, the bass guitarist 
 Mr. Sawlid and Mr Dj are  stopping smoking  (they do not have a blog, but they will be updating me on regular basis apparently) 
 for the ideal trim figure is looking: 
 Twinmumanddad 
 IT/Blog list of resolutions has: 
 Bex with  Blogging Goals 2014 
 and last but not least in our non resolution pile is: 
 Learner Mother 
 The Crazy Bag Lady 
 Now, I had a lot of interest from other people, so I guess they are waiting to see what is this whole thing about. Please feel free to join us at any time during this year, with whatever your challenge is and your decision on how to number posts. Details and few little reminders on the posting etiquette can be found  here . Enjoy the journeys and happy reading!!! 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Share 
 
 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 Reddit 
 
 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  3 Days Challenge- NEW!!! ,  All Posts ,  Kat Doodles About Life ,  Kat Speaks About Languages ,  Theatre Design 
Tagged  art ,  Art fn ,  bass guitar ,  blog ,  blogging ,  building a website ,  challange ,  culture ,  cv ,  design ,  dieting ,  doing art ,  drawig ,  dream ,  driving ,  give up a job ,  interpreting ,  introduction ,  it ,  Learner Mother ,  learning Autocad ,  learning how to drive ,  lukasmok ,  motivation ,  music ,  New Year ,  no resolution ,  playing music ,  resolution ,  self employed. fee lance artist ,  sketching ,  smoking ,  social media ,  The Crazy bag lady ,  twinmumanddad 
 11 Comments 
 Post navigation 
 Kat Design 
 
 Kat Design 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Categories 
 
 3 Days Challenge- NEW!!! 
 92 Days Challenge 
 About Kat 
 All Posts 
 Interior Design 
 Kat Doodles About Life 
 Kat Gets Arty 
 Kat Recommends 
 Kat Speaks About Languages 
 Theatre Design 
 Would You Like to Help? 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Oh boy, what did I get myself into…? 
 How I Moved to Paris… 
 Meltdown and How to Calm Down 
 Year On… 
 Post 32: Notre Dame in the Morning…! 90 to go! 
 Post 31: Resolutions Review March! 91 to go! 
 Post 29: What to See in Paris?! 93 to go! 
 Post 30: Walk Along the Seine! 92 to go! 
 Post 28: From London to Paris! 94 to go! 
 27: London Adventure with Jan Kraus! 
 Post 26: Kat Is Back! 96 to go! 
 Post 25: Quick Sketching! 97 to go! 
 Post 24: Karen Makes Me Smile! 98 to go! 
 Post 23: Birthday & Holiday Fever! 99 to go! 
 Post 22: One Sixth of the Challenge! 100 to go! 
 Post 21: Pack Your Bag, Buy the Ticket And Go On an Adventure! 101 to go! 
 Post 20: Resolutions Review February! 102 to go! 
 Post 19: Book Shopping! 103 to go! 
 Post 18: Another 'Little Steps, Bigger Picture' Post! 104 to go! 
 Post 17: Breathe And Just Let Things Roll…! 105 to go! 
 
 Searching for specific doodle? 
 Search for: 
 Your most recent favourites on my blog 
 
 Oh boy, what did I get myself into...? 
 How I Moved to Paris... 
 Meltdown and How to Calm Down 
 Year On... 
 Post 32: Notre Dame in the Morning...! 90 to go! 
 Post 31: Resolutions Review March! 91 to go! 
 Post 29: What to See in Paris?! 93 to go! 
 Post 30: Walk Along the Seine! 92 to go! 
 
 Thank You all for 
 
 7,592 fab views! 
 
 Follow My journey on becoming full-time designer. on WordPress.com 
 Mostly doodled about 
 Amanda Bathory   art   being a foreigner   being ill   birthday   blogging   blog party   bookcases   Bristol   career   carnival   challenge   chef   Christmas   circus   cooking   costumes   cv   cycling   Czech   David Allen   design   Designing For Interiors   drawing   dreams   driving   driving licence   English   Facebook   failure   Farrow&Ball   fashion   followers   France   hoarding   Ikea   illustration   In basket   instagram   interior/theatre designer   interior design   interiors   interpreting   job   job hunting   languages   Learner Mother   learning English   learning how to drive   Liebster award   London   looking for a job   love   motivation   My journey on becoming full-time designer   New Year   new year resolution   night out   painting   Paris   party   potatoes   prison   resolution   resolutions   saving money   scenic painting   scrapbook   sketching   social media   stop smoking   teaching   theatre   theatre design   The Crazy bag lady   translating   Twitter   upcycling   wine   Wordpress 
 Instagram 
 No Instagram images were found. 
 Archives 
 
 February 2015 
 December 2014 
 October 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 January 2013 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 July 2012 
 May 2012 
 
 Blogs I Follow 
 
 Hiking Photography 
 trickster¡e 
 Karen Gillmore Art 
 Simple Life Mom 
 twist & turn 
 art fn 
 Lia in Brussels 
 REDAGAPE 
 My blog 
 Chad Stark 
 vicki's kitchen 
 winolady 
 Fashion Mayann 
 BulanLifestyle.com 
 A Spoonful of Style 
 My Site 
 Maison Bentley Style 
 LearnerMother 
 Abigail Ahern Blog 
 The WordPress.com Blog 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Hiking Photography 
 trickster¡e 
 painter, wanderer & mischief-maker 
 Karen Gillmore Art 
 Comics & Illustration 
 Simple Life Mom 
 twist & turn 
 Artisan knitter rambling about her London life in general 
 art fn 
 My studies in creating art -- Tim Hards Vicente 
 Lia in Brussels 
 REDAGAPE 
 Crochet and Fun Ideas for Creative Living 
 My blog 
 Chad Stark 
 Entrepreneurship | Technology | Interior Design | Home Decor | Music 
 vicki's kitchen 
 winolady 
 not for nothing 
 Fashion Mayann 
 www.fashionmayann.wordpress.com is about some fashion inspirations 
 BulanLifestyle.com 
 Welcome to my Art and Lifestyle Blog. Follow my adventures as a Bohemian artist. 
 A Spoonful of Style 
 A fashion & lifestyle blog | Because Style Matters 
 My Site 
 Maison Bentley Style 
 LearnerMother 
 (and other stories) 
 Abigail Ahern Blog 
 Source for design inspiration, musings and decorating tips from Abigail Ahern 
 The WordPress.com Blog 
 The latest news on WordPress.com and the WordPress community. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
