Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Receiving Clerk 
 Cabot Microelectronics 
 __Calgary, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Job Title: 
Receiving Clerk 
 KMG - Calgary 
 Job Description: 
This position is responsible for inventory receipts, finished goods production and raw materials consumption and entering information into the appropriate database; may assist Inventory Control Specialist as needed. 
 Job Functions: 
 Records and checks quantity of goods received for conformity to purchase 
 Verifies and documents product received by comparing product transported vs received; completing receiving tickets; ensuring information is correct 
 Receives documents associated with raw material consumption, finished good production, inventory receipts at warehouse and/or plant 
 Posts information received into system and other databases 
 Performs simple inventory inquiries and functions 
 Maintains and files completed receipts 
 Participates in weekly operations meetings 
 Proposes suggestions to supervisor with regard to documentation, storage and procurement of materials 
 Abides by all safety procedures and practices applicable to location and position; participates in appropriate safety training; demonstrates commitment to and support of EH&S principles and values; champions safety as necessary 
 Performs other duties assigned by management that fall within the generally expected scope of this position 
 Requirements: 
 Experience in inventory and material control procedures 
 Working knowledge of computerized inventory control systems 
 Ability to efficiently coordinate working with internal and external customers 
 Ability to manage time effectively 
 Good computer skills, including ability to easily use MS Office suite; various email, internet, intranet, and other programs 
 Excellent English communications skills, oral and written 
 Ability to successfully handle social as well as business interactions with all levels of customers’ personnel; diplomacy skills 
 Education: 
 High School Diploma or GED required 
 Vocational training in typical office duties helpful 
 Work Environment/Physical Demands 
This position requires an employee to be in an office environment as well as exposed to outside elements. Most extreme elements are heat in the summer months of up to 100°+ and some exposure to cold of generally no less than 0° in the winter months. There will be exposure to various chemicals and compounds, including fumes and smells, some of them hazardous. The employee may enter confined spaces and work in elevated environments. Employee must be able to wear PPE required by the location. General office noise may be experienced and louder sounds and vibrations when outside. The noise level in the work environment is usually moderate. All environments are safe with appropriate PPE. 
 While performing the duties of this job, the employee is regularly required to walk, sit, speak and hear. The employee is required to stand, use hands to finger, handle, or feel; reach with hands and arms; the employee may be required, on occasion, to climb or balance, stoop, kneel, or crouch. The employee may be required to climb ladders/storage tanks up to 50’ in height. The employee may be required to enter confined spaces. The employee may occasionally lift and/or move up to twenty (20) pounds. Specific vision abilities required by this job include close vision, peripheral vision, depth perception and ability to adjust focus. Employee may be required to travel by air, rail, bus, or car. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
