UNEMPLOYED IN TYNE & WEAR 
 Knowledge is power - spread it around 
 
 About UITW 
 CONTACT 
 
 Tagged: creating jobs. 
 April 8, 2014 
  Labour say they will create a Minister for the North East  
 A Labour Government would appoint a Minister for the North East to ensure the region has a strong voice at Westminster, it was revealed today. 
 Ed Miliband  would appoint a Minister for each English region in a bid to ensure the entire country received a fair deal from Government, and to help businesses in their regions attract investment from across the world. 
 The manifesto commitment came as Miliband also announced plans to divert £20bn in funding from Whitehall to local councils, to spend on improving transport links, building houses, providing training and creating jobs. 
 To qualify for the cash, councils would need to work together to create a “  combined authority  ” - giving the North East an advantage, as it is one of the first regions to create such an authority. 
 They would also need to work closely with the local business community and draw up showing how they would use the money to create jobs in the private sector. 
 The North East had a regional minister under the last Labour government, with the post being held by Newcastle MP  Nick Brown . 
 A Labour government would appoint nine regional ministers, who would sit on a new Regional Committee chaired by the Minister for the Cabinet Office. 
 Their duties would include helping local councils, central government and Local Enterprise Partnerships, the economic development bodies led by the business community, to work closely together. 
 They would also champion their area in Whitehall and ensure that the impact of policy proposals on every part of the country is considered. 
 Regional ministers will work with other Ministers such as the Business Secretary to implement an industrial strategy to create jobs in every part of the country. 
 And they will encourage tourism and act as a visible representative of their region at major events. 
 Speaking in Birmingham, Mr Miliband set out plans to strip national government of billions of pounds and send the cash directly to the regions of England for local politicians to spend. 
 But warned that funding will go to “city regions” and “county regions” where authorities have come together to create a combined authority. 
 So far, councils in the Greater Manchester area, South Yorkshire, West Yorkshire and Greater Liverpool regions have created combined authorities - and the North East is about to create its own combined authority bringing together Durham, Gateshead, Newcastle upon Tyne, North Tyneside, Northumberland, South Tyneside and Sunderland. 
 Mr Miliband is announcing that plans to devolve £20bn over the course of the next Parliament to combined authorities will be included in Labour’s General Election manifesto. 
 He said:  “Labour’s message at the next election will be clear: 
 “Devolving power from Whitehall to our towns and cities is essential to generate the new jobs we need. 
 “We propose a new bargain: Cities and towns that come together with local businesses will be given historic new powers over transport, housing, skills and economic development. 
 “We are determined to make our great cities and towns the powerhouses for the creation of good jobs.” 
 
 But he still seems set to continue on the same lines as the Tories regarding unemployment and benefits, so for most of us it'll probably just be a case of  " meet the new boss, same as the old boss." 
 
 Source - Newcastle Journal 08 April 2014 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Email 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Written by  untynewear   Leave a comment  Posted in  Political  Tagged with  All In It Together ,  and ,  £ ,  benefit ,  benefit sanctions ,  benefits ,  Birmingham ,  building houses ,  business community ,  capitialism ,  city regions ,  coalition Government. ,  Conservative ,  County Durham ,  county regions ,  creating jobs. ,  Department for Work & Pensions ,  dole ,  Durham ,  Durham City ,  DWP ,  Easington ,  Ed Miliband ,  employed ,  employment ,  foodbanks ,  forced work ,  Gateshead ,  government ,  Greater Liverpool ,  Greater Manchester ,  Hebburn ,  Hetton-le-Hole ,  Houghton-le-Spring ,  Jarrow ,  job ,  Job Centre ,  job seeker ,  Jobcentre ,  Jobcentre Plus ,  jobs ,  Jobseekers Allowance ,  JSA ,  Labour ,  Labour Government ,  Lib Dems ,  Liberal Democrats ,  local councils ,  Local Enterprise Partnerships ,  Low Pay ,  manifesto commitment ,  meet the new boss same as the old boss ,  Minister for the North East ,  National Minimum Wage ,  neo-liberal ,  neoliberal ,  neoliberalism ,  New Labour ,  Newcastle ,  Newcastle MP ,  Newcastle MP Nick Brown. ,  Newcastle upon Tyne ,  Nick Brown ,  North East ,  North Tyneside ,  Northumberland ,  parliament ,  Peterlee ,  politicians ,  politics ,  private sector ,  providing training ,  Regional Committee ,  sanction ,  sanctions ,  Seaham ,  ships ,  slavery ,  Social Security ,  South Shields ,  South Tyneside ,  South Yorkshire ,  Sunderland ,  tax credits ,  Tory ,  transport links ,  Tyne ,  Tyne & Wear ,  Tyneside ,  unemployed ,  Unemployed In Tyne & Wear ,  unemployed north east ,  unemployed tyne&wear ,  unemployedintyne&wear ,  unemployment ,  unemployment benefits ,  Wallsend ,  Washington ,  Wear ,  Wearside ,  welfare-to-work ,  West Yorkshire ,  Westminster ,  Whitehall ,  Whitley Bay ,  work ,  work for benefits ,  Work Programme ,  workfare ,  worklessness ,  WP 
 Recent Posts 
 
 North Star Bulletin - 13 July 2015 
 North Star Bulletin - 11 July 2015 
 North Star Bulletin - 10 July 2015 
 North Star Bulletin - 09 July 2015 
 North Star Bulletin - 08 July 2015 
 North Star Bulletin : 07 July 2015 
 North Star Bulletin - 06 July 2015 
 North Star Bulletin 05 July 2015 
 Scotswood community garden celebrates its 20th anniversary 
 Northern Rail workers vote to go on strike in row over jobs 
 
 Categories 
 
 All In It Together  (122) 
 Cuts & More Cuts  (164) 
 Desperate Times  (205) 
 Events / Actions  (143) 
 Fight Back  (32) 
 Food / Clothing Banks  (88) 
 General Election 2015  (157) 
 Health  (114) 
 History  (40) 
 Housing  (136) 
 Industrial Action  (35) 
 Jobseeker's Agreement  (7) 
 Loan Sharks  (28) 
 Miscellaneous  (96) 
 Music & Words  (27) 
 Outsourcing  (18) 
 Political  (309) 
 Poverty Crime  (23) 
 Poverty Porn  (24) 
 Public Transport  (34) 
 Right Wing & Other Loonies  (71) 
 Sanctions  (126) 
 Unemployment  (154) 
 Universal Credit  (55) 
 Universal Jobmatch  (10) 
 Welfare  (114) 
 Work Programme & Beyond  (28) 
 Workfare  (64) 
 
 LINKS 
 
 Big Brother Watch 
 Boycott Workfare 
 Consumer Action Group Forums 
 Glynis Millward 
 Hope Not Hate 
 Jayne Linney 
 Keep Volunteering Voluntary 
 Loonwatch 
 Malice In Sunderland 
 Mentally Wealthy 
 National Secular Society 
 North Star Forum 
 Republic (anti-monarchy) 
 SchNEWS 
 Spirit Of Place 
 Sunderland Echoes 
 The Learning Professor 
 The Void 
 Turn2us 
 urban75 Forums 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
