Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Mortgage Agent - New or Experienced Wanted!! 
 Citadel Mortgages 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Please note this is a 100% commission career and in order to become a Mortgage Agent, you will need to pass or have completed the Mortgage Agent Course (FSCO approved). 
 Job Description 
 Mortgage Agent – Mortgage Broker 
 We're looking for motivated Mortgage Agents and Mortgage Brokers to join our ever-growing Mobile Mortgage Family in various areas across Ontario ! 
 WHO YOU ARE 
 A mortgage professional who thrives in an entrepreneurial setting. Self-motivation is second nature to you, in not only accomplishing but exceeding your goals. You put your Clients first, always going above and beyond, enabling them to secure their homes and their futures. You take pride in leveraging, developing and nurturing relationships with your Clients, colleagues and communities. Trust, integrity, and accountability are key pillars to your success and are highly valued by you. 
 WHO WE ARE 
 Citadel Mortgages, is currently among the fastest growing mortgage brokerages in the Ontario. We are currently looking to expand our team. 
 Our industry leading systems, tools and processes allow new and seasoned agents and brokers an opportunity to focus on the growth of their business and revenue while putting the power back in the agent hands. 
 Our on-boarding process and support will provide help you familiarize yourself with our company processes and business practices that are required to be successful in this role. 
 Becoming a mortgage agent with us with is like becoming family with us. From day one we are here to ensure your success, see we are 100% invested in you as your success and our success is tied together. 
 At Citadel Mortgages, we’re dedicated to creating a positive environment where our team and family have growth and development opportunities, a healthy work/life balance, opportunities to give back to the community, and a focus on doing what is right for our clients. 
 Citadel Mortgages offers a competitive total compensation package including a 100% commission structure. It also includes a comprehensive benefits program, pension plan, and banking benefits. 
 WHAT WE OFFER OUR CLIENTS 
 Citadel Mortgages exists to help people Do more, Be more and Achieve more with their finances and their future. We’re driven by a co-operative philosophy, Our goal is simple help Canadians make a better educational choice on their mortgage options and help more Canadians become mortgage free sooner, while increasing their cashflow and allowing them to reach their retirement goals faster. 
 WHAT WE OFFER OUR MORTGAGE AGENTS AND MORTGAGE BROKERS: 
Mentor Training Hands On 
5 Day In House Training Program On All elements (Business, Marketing, Branding, Networking, Business Set Up) 
Leading Edge Tools ( CRM, Email Campaigns, Client Loyalty Program, Personal Mobile App, Personal Website, Marketing Tools, Social Media Program) 
We Build Your Social Media Platforms For You 
Best in Class Commission & Bonus Programs 
Leads ! YES LEADS! We Give Our Agents Leads ( Very Few Brokerages Offer Leads) 
In House RESP Division 
In House Insurance & Investment Lending Division 
In House Mortgage Investment Division 
In House Debt & Credit Rebuild Division 
In House Car Loan Division 
Training, Guidance, and Direction from successful Brokers and Agents! 
 Access to dozens of funding sources:  Banks, Monolines, Co-Branded Products, Trailer Fee Options, Trust Companies, Credit Unions, MICs, Private Lenders, you name it we’ve got it! 
Direct Access to Dedicated Underwriters to Get Your Deals Done! 
Regular Updates on Current Rates, Policies and New changes 
Access to Multiple Offices 
Senior Brokers - Take Advantage of Our Strength to Grow Your Own Team! 
Independents - Stop Carrying Your Own Licensing & Cut Your Overhead! 
Weekly Ongoing Training Seminars 
Online Broker Portal 
President’s Club Award Program 
Access to Private Lenders - We get more deals done ! 
If you are joining the industry from a banking or mobile/agent background, don’t hesitate to reach out to us as well! 
 Flexible Hours, Work From Home or Your Own Satellite Office. 
Greater Toronto Area, & Across The GTA & Ontario 
 he important stuff: 
Building long-lasting relationships with clients and lenders. 
We do what is right for the client, not only because it's the right thing to do but it's the best thing to do for the long-term success of everyone involved. 
Being a self-managed, goal oriented mortgage sales professional interested in the unlimited earning potential of commission sales. 
An entrepreneurial spirit and being up to the challenge of delivering incredible results. 
Contagious enthusiasm and ambition to succeed despite obstacles. 
We want our agents to build their own brand and book of business, we are invested in your success. 
Most of our top mortgage agents have joined our organization from totally different career backgrounds and they have taken our training, tools and support and applied it to their own career goals, to give them a satisfying and rewarding career. 
 Are you open to opportunity? 
 Join our team of respected mortgage agents and enjoy the feeling that comes with helping Canadians realize their financial goals and dreams. 
 Your work will be recognized and rewarded with industry leading competitive compensation, comprehensive training and countless opportunities for professional growth and advancement. 
 Are you ready to discover what we have to offer? 
 We are all about you and your success we invest in you as much as you invest in us ! Join our team today ! 
 Citadel Mortgages 
 Lic 12993 
 www.citadelmortgages.ca 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
