Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Outside Sales Representative 
 Toshiba Tec Canada Business Solutions Inc. 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description 
 Toshiba Tec Canada Business Solutions Inc. is a subsidiary of Toshiba Tec Corporation, a global leader in office printing and retail solutions. Toshiba Tec Canada Business Solutions Inc. has offices across Canada to support our customers with world-class service. We empower our people to provide personalized services and solutions to help businesses express their ideas and information. 
 We are currently looking for Outside Sales Representatives to focus on B2B New Business Development. The successful applicant must have at least one (1) year of successful B2B sales experience meeting sales quotas and finding new business in a corporate environment. 
 We thank all candidates but will only consider applicants with this experience. 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Develop a firm understanding of Toshiba technology and software solutions 
 Be viewed by the customer as an industry expert on products and solution offerings 
 Manage and grow current customers in the territory 
 Identify and acquire new customers via cold calling, prospecting and developing new business 
 Advance opportunities through the use of effective consultative selling techniques 
 Build customer loyalty through continuous innovation, becoming a trusted advisor 
 Effectively leverage network to assist in sales cycle development 
 Meet and exceed monthly, quarterly, and annual sales quotas 
 Ensure accurate reporting of key activities and update information in the Toshiba CRM database 
 Create and present proposals to prospects and provide product training as required 
 Manage the territory as if it is  your  business 
 Partner effectively with others in the account to ensure problem resolution and customer satisfaction 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 1-3 years of proven success in a B2B Corporate sales environment 
 Proven track record of meeting and exceeding sales quota 
 Thrive in fast-paced, autonomous, high-pressure environments 
 Experienced in long sales-cycles and growth of existing customers 
 Success with customer proposals and presentations to all levels of executive leadership 
 Experience and success cold-calling and developing new business 
 Strong Microsoft Office abilities 
 A winning positive attitude 
 Valid driver’s license and reliable transportation 
 
 Benefits: 
 
 Competitive base salary and uncapped commission 
 Quarterly and biannual bonus 
 Car allowance 
 President’s Club annual incentive trip for sales excellence 
 Full Benefits: health, dental and pension plan 
 On-going training and development to ensure your success 
 Collaborative culture and team environment and strong leadership 
 
 What Other Companies Call This Role: 
 
 Sales Development Executive 
 Business Development Manager 
 Business Development Representative 
 Sales Associate 
 Sales Representative 
 Sales Executive 
 Account Executive 
 
 Toshiba is pleased to accommodate individual needs in accordance with the Accessibility of Ontarians with Disabilities Act, 2005 (AODA), within our recruitment process. If you require accommodation at any time throughout the recruitment process, please contact Human Resources. 
 Expected start date: 2020-11-09 
 Job Types: Full-time, Commission, Permanent 
 Salary: $35,000.00 per year 
 Additional pay: 
 
 Commission pay 
 
 Benefits: 
 
 Company pension 
 Dental care 
 Extended health care 
 Life insurance 
 Vision care 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 Experience: 
 
 B2B sales: 1 year (Required) 
 
 Language: 
 
 French (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 Temporarily due to COVID-19 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
