Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Half-time Teaching Faculty (Counselling Program) 
 City University 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 City University in Canada seeks qualified half-time teaching faculty to bring real-life experience to the learning environment. The successful candidate will have a practitioner focus and is encouraged to continue his/her development as a facilitator of learning. Demonstrated experience of connecting academic curriculum to relevance in the workplace is highly desired. 
 Job Summary: 
 Teaching faculty report to the Academic Program Director and are primarily responsible for maintaining a consistent teaching load over 12 months. Faculty at City University have key responsibilities including striving for excellence in teaching and learning, fostering student development, and maintaining currency in their profession. Additional opportunities may include program design, assessment, technology integrations, and/or curriculum development. 
 Essential Duties and Responsibilities: 
 
 Teaching Excellence 
 
 Foster a respectful, empowering learning environment that contributes to a positive student experience. 
 Fulfill the instructional responsibilities of planning for course activities, appropriate teaching methods, and assessment of student work. 
 Connect class presentations and activities to course learning objectives as set forth in the course guide. 
 Provide feedback to students in a timely and meaningful manner aimed at fostering continuous growth and development. 
 Encourage student participation in the learning process through a variety of learning techniques and strategies. 
 Be available to students for consultation and clarification regarding course subject matter. 
 Model professional approaches that instill high ethical values and encourage lifelong learning. 
 Evaluate student performance according to established university criteria. 
 Develop, lead, and participate in enhanced learning opportunities/modules for students. 
 
 Student Learning and Development 
 
 Support student learning and engagement. Proactively develop students to become responsible, ethical, self-directed professionals. 
 Engagement in and modelling of scholarship in research, teaching, and learning. 
 
 Supervision 
 
 Assisting with the supervision of City U interns who are completing their practicum hours at a variety of counselling placements. 
 
 Scholarship 
 
 Actively engage in scholarly activities including but not limited to academic publications and conference presentations. 
 Secondary Responsibilities include but are not limited to: 
 
 Curriculum Development and Review 
 
 Assist the Academic Program Director in ensuring that program curriculum is in alignment with CityU Academic Model and focuses on application and current practice. 
 Assist in ensuring alignment of program with accreditation standards. 
 
 Academic and Institutional Governance 
 
 May be asked to engage in formal and/or informal academic and institutional governance by serving on councils and committees. 
 
 Service and Outreach 
 
 Participate in and promote professional communities in area(s) of expertise. 
 Requirements: 
 Minimum Qualifications: 
 To perform this job successfully, an individual must be able to perform each essential duty satisfactorily. The requirements listed below are representative of the knowledge, skills, and/or abilities required. Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions. 
 An earned or in-progress doctoral degree in psychology or counselling 
 A minimum of 3-years post-registration in the College of Alberta Psychologists 
 2 - 4 years proven experience in teaching, preferably in both in-class and online modes of educational delivery. 
 Ability to address academic-related issues and concerns in support of retention and student success. 
 Excellent oral, written and interpersonal skills. Must be able to relate to and communicate with diverse students, faculty, staff, and external communities. 
 Ability to present a professional image on behalf of the academic school and CityU as appropriate. 
 Proficiency with Microsoft Office products and learning management systems in support of quality teaching and learning. 
 Job Type: Part-time 
 Salary: $40,000.00 to $45,000.00 /year 
 Experience: 
 
 counselling: 3 years (Required) 
 
 Education: 
 
 Doctoral Degree (Preferred) 
 
 Location: 
 
 Edmonton, AB (Preferred) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 College of Alberta Psychologists (Required) 
 
 Language: 
 
 English (Required) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
