  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
 Management 
 
 Management Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance Management Expert ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/management) 
 5 days ago 
 Pearl Matrix 
 Published: 5 days ago  Bids: 4 
 Looking for a part time/intern Data Analyst 
 Requirement: 
 
 Expert in Microsoft Excel especially in VBA 
 Based in Subang Jaya 
 
 Assisting on running a propriety trading book on commodities especially Crude Palm Oil and build trading modal. 
The person will be exposed to real time live trading in commodities. 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Strategic planning 
 Published by:  B. C. Malaysia 
 USD 250 - 500 
 3 weeks ago 
 Learning Consultant - Bilingual En-Pt  prime client 
 Published: 3 weeks ago  Project duration: 1 - 4 weeks Bids: 2 
 For one of our customers in Workana we are looking for a bilingual (en-pt) Learning Consultant with experience or knowledge in IT Business. 
 A person who is formally trained in adult education, particularly with a focus on business or corporate skills, as opposed to a high school or college teacher. 
 A person who is very comfortable with taking a person who is a subject matter expert and helping them to form their subject matter expertise into measurable blocks of content. So the content can be delivered to the subject matter expert’s prodigies so they can learn more and gain skills from the content. 
 A learning consultant that will help to form all the content so we can see all the steps of what the prodigies are learning, how their experience is being gained, and a level of measurement and success for their activities. 
 Requirements: 
Formal education in adult learning. 
Formal education in curriculum development. 
At least 5-6 years of learning consultant experience in a business setting, preferably a high tech setting. 
 NOT purely academic setting. 
Able to handle 5-6 projects at once. 
 Time length: 
Maximum 10 hours per week 
About 8-10 weeks 
 If you are interested and have the necessary skill, please send us your proposal including your updated CV. 
 Thank you! 
 Workana Team! 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Strategic planning 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 Published by:  K. F. -. W. Last reply: 2 weeks ago  Brazil 
 Over USD 40 / hour 
 26 days ago 
 Executive Assistant 
 Published: 26 days ago  Project duration: 1 - 4 weeks Bids: 13 
 General assistant on business tasks related to digital start up. Must have proven experience solving general problems on a digital startup. 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Project management 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 Published by:  R. T. Brazil Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 20 - 30 / hour 
 Last month 
 Executive Admin with previous digital startup experience 
 Published: Last month  Bids: 2 
 Examples of tasks: 
 Benchmark "Interna UGC". Which are the platforms promoting intelectual content generation , how do they work (how do they get intelectual content, how they curate?) and how do they make money? 
 Check text for publication. Is it under abnt norm? is it under lgpd? (file ) 
 prepare legality of website. 
Get updated and modern documents with legal consultants 
 Search and list for development agencies (e.g.  Functionalimperative.com ,  thoughtworks.com)  working android and or web (wp/php/mysql) aimed at innovative startups, get ceo picture. Search in brasil and usa 
 etc...... 
 Category  : Admin Support 
 Subcategory  : Virtual Assistant 
 Project size  : Large 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  R. T. Brazil Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 100 - 250 
 Last month 
 Climate Change Communications: European Union and Bloomberg 
 Published: Last month  Project duration: 1 - 2 months Bids: 6 
 Assisting Project Manager with communications strategy development and research as part of a climate change campaign for the European Union and Bloomberg 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Project management 
 Project size  : Medium-sized project and team 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Full time 
 Published by:  G. P. K. Last reply: Last month  Bulgaria 
 Over USD 40 / hour 
 2 months ago 
 Senior Project Process Lead of the Gfs Asia regional project team 
 Published: 2 months ago  Bids: 1 
 The Senior Project Process Lead is a member of the GFS Asia regional project team of the Global Financial Solutions Asia (gfs-asia), providing countries/ erp deployments and process migrations and accounting support for all pfizer businesses in asia concurrently. In this role, the lead will be responsible for the pre analyze the projects, identify the opportunities for process and system improvement, conduct the testing and trainings, review and approve the function during system deployment, draft and deployment SOP/ Process Maps across countries and deployment/projects simultaneously . The Process Lead is required to support the Regional Deployment Lead for all projects deliverables and migrations toll gate targets. 
In addition to these responsibilities, the lead will be responsible for overseeing process & systems are installed in a global GFS model. 
 Category  : Finance & Management 
 Subcategory  : Project management 
 Project size  : Medium-sized project and team 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  D. Hong Kong 
 Less than USD 50 
 3 months ago 
 Product Owner 
 Published: 3 months ago  Bids: 1 
 We're a small digital agency focusing on ecommerce and need an experienced person to manage the products that we offer. The right person has: 
- good communication skills 
- people-person 
- extroverted 
- organized 
- willing to attend online meetings with both clients and internal team 
- ability to bridge the gap between the client request and internal team work 
 Category  : Sales & Marketing 
 Subcategory  : Community Management 
 What do you need?  : Mid-level brand, low engagement 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  D. R. United States 
 USD 50 - 100 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
