Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Payroll Administrator - Online Facilitator 
 triOS College Business Technology Healthcare Inc. | Eastern College 
 __Halifax, NS 
 Apply Now 
 Eastern College Inc. is seeking experienced payroll professionals to provide effective online facilitation for our online payroll administrator program. This is a fully remote position. 
 Primary Responsibility: 
The Online Facilitator provides and sustains an effective online learning environment for every student through well-moderated classes, fair and holistic assessment of learning, and clear documentation of student progress. The primary method of communication with students is through computer-based communications such as two-way video conferences, chat, phone, and email. This program 
 This position will be responsible for providing online facilitation support for the Payroll Compliance Legislation and Payroll Fundamentals courses. 
 The Online Facilitator will support the vision, mission, and values of triOS College while contributing to a positive, supportive and student-focused team environment of respect, integrity, dedication and readiness; embracing diversity and fostering inclusion. 
 Qualifications: 
 
 Degree or diploma in a related field of study (ex. Accounting). 
 Payroll Compliance Practitioner (PCP) certification is required. 
 Minimum 2 years of work experience in a related field. 
 Understanding of Adult Learning Principles required. 
 Minimum 1 year of prior online facilitation experience is preferred. 
 Adult education and online facilitation or in-class teaching experience preferred. 
 Proficiency in MS Office Applications and use of the Internet. 
 Experience working with online communication platforms such as Microsoft Teams or Zoom is considered an asset. 
 
 Hours of Work: 
This position is scheduled to start effective immediately, providing 2 hours of online facilitation per day Monday to Friday. In February 2021 there will be an additional online facilitation opportunity to work 1pm-5pm, Monday to Friday, in addition to the 2 hours already scheduled per day. 
 Start Date: 
The scheduled start for this opportunity is Immediate. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
