Sparklebumpsthebookwhore 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Honey-Do List 
 My Great Loves 
 The Histrionic 
 
   
 Tag Archives: careers 
 September 3, 2013 * 7:57 am 
 10 Reason You Want to Quit Your Job and Become a Stripper 
 1. You don't have to wear clothes to work. In fact, you are tipped to take them off. 
 2. You don't have to get up early in the morning. 
 3. You have people telling you all day every day how sexy and/or gorgeous you are. 
 4. You can buy many many many items off of the dollar menu at McDonald's. 
 5. You get to wear awesome shoes. And glitter. 
 6. Strippers almost always smell amazing, and have very soft skin. (I know this because girls are allowed to touch.) 
 7. If you don't like a customer, you can tell security that he's a creeper, and they'll kick him out. (I wish I had security like that at my work.) 
 8. You can afford to buy lots of candy. And a Ford Mustang. 
 9. You get to shove your boobies in people's faces daily. (You may not understand the thrill, but having them serve a purpose other than getting in the way would be lovely.) 
 10. You get to call yourself whatever you want. (Princess Mystique has a nice ring to it. Who else is named after royalty AND an X-Man?) 
 5 Comments 
 Filed under  Beauty ,  Entertainment ,  Fashion ,  Humor ,  Life ,  Money ,  Sex ,  Uncategorized 
 Tagged as  careers ,  exotic dancing ,  glitter ,  humor ,  life ,  security ,  Shoes ,  strippers ,  X-Men 
 August 26, 2013 * 11:51 am 
 A Sparkly Housekeeper 
 I don't know if it is a normal habit of people unsatisfied in their current careers, but I spend a shameful amount of time looking at the job ads on Craigslist. I generally look under the restaurant listings, as I am more likely to make the most dollars flashing my smile while catering to people stuffing their faces. However, during my perusal of Craigslist, I've sent my resume to a bank, a law firm, a nanny agency, and a plethora of other odd jobs. I've even considered applying at the Fantasy French Maids agency I discovered is in my town, but I wouldn't want to put all the other French maids out of business, so I refrained. 
 I've found in my scrolling of hopeful jobs, that I seem to gravitate to the housekeeper type positions. Perhaps it is my unintentional goal to become Mrs. Doubtfire, or maybe I just don't want to deal with the pain of having to work constantly with fucktards. Either way, I began imagining myself as some wealthy person's maid, and I was not at all repulsed by the idea. 
 How fuckin' weird am I? Most people dream of having a mansion on a hill with a yacht parked in the marina that they can drive to in their Porshe. I'd be content cleaning that fucking huge-ass house for $15- $20 dollars an hour. At least until I finish writing my bestseller and get my own castle. I wouldn't even mind wearing a frilly, bust-enhancing maid's costume while I did so. 
 Is this what I aspire to? Picking up after some arrogant CEO and his children who are being raised by a nanny? Yay me. (Sense the hint of sarcasm.) 
 2 Comments 
 Filed under  Children ,  Humor ,  Life ,  Money ,  Uncategorized ,  Work 
 Tagged as  careers ,  Craigslist ,  french maid ,  housekeeper ,  humor ,  life ,  Work 
 April 12, 2013 * 3:56 am 
 The Concept of Caring 
 I had a talk with an employee the other day, and it was brought to my attention that the fact that I "don't care about my job may have a negative affect on my employees." 
Now, to be fair, he was only quoting me about the "not caring" part. Because since I have been in my powerless position of power as Head Pizza Slut, the fact that I get none of the benefits to do all the work has made me somewhat of an underachiever as far as making my store "all it can be". I believe my exact words were something along the lines of- "If my boss had found somebody better than me, he probably would have replaced me by now." 
It's true, this is a terrible attitude to have, but after numerous conversations with my Boss With the Gorgeous Blue Eyes, he has confessed that he would rather have my half-assery as a faux general manager with my full amazing personality and specific set of job skills, than a manager giving his complete dedication with half as much personality and less multi-tasking ability than I. (At least until June) In other words, I don't completely suck. Hence, I have come to the conclusion that I needn't strain myself, as I will be getting paid the same amount of dollars despite my performance. 
While there are those who may balk at such an attitude, I must point out that I have been begging for a demotion for the last six months- ever since I realized that I could have the same amount of pay with a quarter of the responsibility by just being a plain old server. So when my co-worker told me he may have to call my boss about my attitude, I said, "Please do." 
I decided long ago that in order to be the "manager" that I "should" be, I would have to work 80 hours a week for at least six months to ensure that everyone was trained and performing their duties to my satisfaction. While I have the work ethic to support such a commitment, I do not have the desire- at least not for pizza. Put me in a bookstore, or a shoe store, and I will gladly "care" enough to want to be there 700 hours a week. Hell, I wouldn't even need any other employees in that case. 
When I made this confession to my boss back then, and explained that my efforts would best be used elsewhere, he understood. Yet he has failed to replace me with someone more "caring". And so, I am convinced he is resigned to my position on the matter. 
In the end, I have composed a list of things more worthy of my caring efforts than giving away free pizza to unsatisfied customers: (because I have to give them free food, even when I KNOW that shit wasn't fucked up) 
1. Finishing my book(s)- I know it's getting annoying that you all haven't had a chance to run out and buy my best-selling novel that hasn't been finished yet. 
2. My family- 'Twould be lovely to take my Rockstar's Daughter to the zoo or for he and I to start the band we've wanted to for the last THREE YEARS…. 
3. Bloggery- because, after all, I have fans and shit. 
4. Exercising- or baking cupcakes. (I lean toward the latter) 
5. Becoming amazingly and ridiculously famous- I'm sure this would come with the publishing of my book(s). 
 P.S. To be clear, another employee has pointed out that I'm "the worst boss ever. For the company, that is. I'm great for the employees." 
 2 Comments 
 Filed under  Humor ,  Life ,  Uncategorized ,  Work 
 Tagged as  boss ,  careers ,  caring ,  humor ,  life ,  managing ,  pizza slut ,  Work 
 October 11, 2012 * 2:35 pm 
 A Regular Whore 
 It should be well-known by now that money matters not to me one iota. 
 I know that it cannot buy happiness. 
 Or love. 
 It cannot give you a hug, or get you to work, or give you super powers. (Although it can most certainly make you powerful.) 
 On the other hand: 
 I believe the lack of money is the root of all evil. 
 If you lack it, you cannot pay your bills, and then the Demon Bill Collectors start calling. 
 If you lack it, you cannot buy fabulous shoes that set you apart from all the other bums also trolling the aisles at Walmart. 
 It was said once in a Book I read one time that "the love of money is the root of all evil." 
 I know I shall not be going to Hell for loving the money, because I surely don't. 
 So someone PLEASE please PLEASE tell me why when my pretty boss where I'm a Pizza Slut offered me $2 more dollars an hour not to take the fabulous job at Crafts Direct and to stay miserable where I am, I took it. I am certainly a whore now, because I feel as if I just got paid to be fucked in the ass. 
 4 Comments 
 Filed under  Humor ,  Life ,  Uncategorized ,  Work 
 Tagged as  careers ,  humor ,  life ,  pizza slut ,  Work 
 October 1, 2012 * 3:06 pm 
 Who Says You Can't Be Something You're Not? 
 I have been to the Rennaissance Festival. 
 Talk about sensory overload. 
 It has been a long-standing wish of mine to attend a Rennaissance Festival, considering that everything princess-like and fairy-tale-ish appeals to me so. (Men with long hair may also be mentioned in that list.) So this year, I made a point to finally go to a land where men are cads and women are dressed like courtesans. (As opposed to real life, where men are assholes and women are dressed like sluts.) Upon hearing of the new addition added to the fair, the Mermaid Cove, there was no way I was missing it once again. 
 My friend Delightful and I arrived to the dust-cycloned fields of Rennaissance Parking, and I was secretly already berating myself for wearing my stilletto suede ruffled Rennaissance-inspired boots as we tramped through the dirt to purchase our tickets. Upon entering the gates and being thrilled at the many faux medieval accents I'd already encountered, I was immediately over-whelmed by men in leggings and busooms of women that were on the edge of escaping their barely-there entrappings. My overwhelmingness of eye-opening tittilage (haha) was quickly distracted by a vendor selling sparkly and amazing crystals. 
 I found soon enough that although medieval Rennaissance fair was equipped with modernized biffys, the stench of shit was just as barbaric. This was due to the fact that about 40 biffys were situated in a circular fashion behind a wall that allowed the smell of human waste to rot in a not-so-lovely enclosed area. Blech. 
 At one point, I wondered if Delightful was preturbed by my ever-increasing lack of concentration. "OH! A man playing a lute over there! Oh! We must go see what all the cheering is about! Oh! Look! A puppy!" (Not very rennaissancey, I'll admit)" Look at that accordian player with the creepy eyes! He most certainly IS making eyes at me!" At least Delight burst out laughing when I made eyes back at the grungy accordian player, so perhaps she was mildly entertained. (For the record, the accordian player was seen on several occassions throughout the day, but I cannot say with certainty that he was stalking me, as it IS is job to roam.) 
 We laughed at the wonderfully crass Washer Wenches while enjoying frozen oranges that dripped onto our cleavage. We oohed and aahed over the many decadent and ornate costumes that walked by. And then we stood in line for a good 45 minutes to adore the mermaids. 
 Now, there are many people who might say such myths as Santa Clause and Mermaids and Jesus are just that. While I do wonder if the original Santa is, in fact, still alive, I very much do believe in mermaids. You may laugh, but have you ever thought- where did the idea for mermaids come from if they didn't exist at some point? Perhaps they were not exactly how we envision them, but for goodness' sake, people believe in dinosaurs. 
 I am quite aware that the mermaids I saw at the Rennaissance Festival were not true ones (because I could see their knees through their less-than-authentic tails) but as I watched them wave prettily and beckon to men, I thought, "What the heck? That's exactly what I do every day!" The realization that I am essentially a mermaid with better shoes was quite exciting. Then I thought to myself, "I used to dream of being a mermaid. My mother told me that wasn't possible, but look! These girls are mermaids, and their mothers probably told them they couldn't be either!" 
 So I have come to the conclusion that I WILL, I WILL be a mermaid. Auditions are held in May and June. I can't wait. 
 P.S. If anyone has suggestions on how to audition to be a mermaid, feel free to comment. 
 5 Comments 
 Filed under  Beauty ,  Entertainment ,  Humor ,  Life ,  Uncategorized ,  Work 
 Tagged as  careers ,  dreams ,  humor ,  life ,  mermaids ,  myths ,  Rennaissance Festival 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 What would happen if one woman told the truth about her life? The whole world would split open. -Muriel Rukeyser 
 
 
 
 Tags 
 
 
 aging   Angelina   attraction   babies   Beauty   birthdays   blogging   Blowjobs   Boobies   boobs   Books   bookstore   Bosses   Carrie Underwood   childhood   Children   Chris Meloni   Christmas   crushes   customers   death   Depression   Dolly Parton   dreams   Drinking   entertainment   erotica   Facebook   Family   fashion   fiction   Food   friends   friendship   fuck buddy   God   humor   kids   lesbian   letter   letters   life   Love   managers   marriage   masturbation   McDonald's   Money   movies   music   musings   Mustang   orgasm   parenting   pizza slut   Poem   Poetry   Porn   pregnancy   reading   relationships   Santa   sex   Sex and the City   Shoes   short story   smut   spam   Taylor Swift   Twilight   Victoria's Secret   weight issues   women   Work   writing 
 
 
 Hit Me 
 
 71,702 Mental Inquisitivities 
 
 
 
 Love me! Love me! 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 793 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Clobber Me 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 January 2021 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 
 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 
 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 
 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 31 
 
 
 
 « Apr 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 
 Beauty   Books   Children   Christmas   Entertainment   Family   Fashion   fiction   Food   Friendship   God   Humor   Life   Love   Money   music   Photography   Poem   Poetry   Religion   Sex   short story   Uncategorized   Work 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Archives Select Month April 2018  November 2017  April 2017  January 2017  December 2016  November 2016  October 2016  September 2016  May 2016  March 2016  November 2015  October 2015  August 2015  July 2015  June 2015  May 2015  April 2015  March 2015  January 2015  December 2014  November 2014  October 2014  September 2014  August 2014  July 2014  June 2014  May 2014  April 2014  March 2014  February 2014  January 2014  December 2013  November 2013  October 2013  September 2013  August 2013  July 2013  June 2013  May 2013  April 2013  March 2013  February 2013  January 2013  December 2012  November 2012  October 2012  September 2012  August 2012  July 2012  June 2012  May 2012  April 2012  March 2012  February 2012  January 2012  December 2011  November 2011  October 2011  September 2011  August 2011 
 Sparklebumpsthebookwhore  * The thoughts and misadventures of a histrionic book thief 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
