Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Full Time Overnights Available 
 McDonald's Restaurants 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Company Description 
 WE’VE GOT A JOB FOR ALL TASTES! 
 McDonald’s is recognized around the world as a leader in the quick-service food industry, not only for our delicious food but for our incredible people as well. 
 We are currently looking to build our Full time Overnight team at the 520 Oxford Street West location in London, Ontario. 
 Lots of room for advancement within the company for those who are dedicated and hard working. We invest in our employees by training in multiple stations. 
 Job Description 
 Looking for someone with service experience to work 11p-7a Sunday to Thursday. Every Friday and Saturday off! 
Also searching for someone to unload our delivery truck on Sunday and Thursday nights from 11p-7am 
 Making people’s day on all fronts:  Greeting people, taking orders and satisfying McCravings. 
Preparing food and keeping our world famous burgers and fries, world famous. 
Processing payments. Working cash, working your smile. 
Package take-out food. 
Fridge stocking and management. 
Various cleaning tasks. 
 Qualifications 
 Is this YOU? 
 Leads by Example :  You consistently maintain and demonstrate a positive, professional image of McDonald’s. 
 Enthusiastic, with a great presence :  You are engaging with an extroverted personality, and are dedicated to increasing the guest experience by being proactive in helping guests 
 Courteous & Friendly :  You demonstrate comfort in connecting with people in a friendly and courteous manner in dining area 
 Self-Confident :  You are confident and poised and never hesitate to take the initiative to step in to recover a guest. 
 Knowledgeable :  You keep current on restaurant promotions and can confidently answer guest questions about our food. 
 Strong Communicator :  You display strong communication skills, and really take the time to listen to guest concerns 
Genuine concern for guests at all times 
Act with initiative 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
