Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Social Worker III 
 Alberta Health Services 
 __Fort Saskatchewan, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Your Opportunity: 
Reporting to the manager of Addictions and Mental Health, the successful applicant will provide assessment, diagnosis, intervention and treatment as indicated to clients in the centre. The successful applicant will also evaluate the effectiveness of interventions on an ongoing basis, and respond as appropriate to promote positive client responses and outcomes. This is an advanced mental health role required to perform the restricted activity of psychosocial interventions to address the full range of addiction and mental health issues. Additionally, the successful applicant will participate in providing psychoeducational groups to clients at the centre. 
 Description: 
As a Social Worker III, you will perform either advanced level assessment and treatment or act as a clinical lead. You will work with or within teams to provide health care services for patients with complex and multidimensional medical, psychosocial, environmental and instrumental needs. You will provide advanced clinical services, consultation to the interprofessional team and patients/families and supervision of students and team members as assigned. You may also act as clinical lead providing leadership in the planning, development, delivery of services in a specific area, as well as staff development, quality improvement and evaluation or research activities as identified by the needs of the service area(s). 
 Classification:  Social Worker III 
 Union:  HSAA Facility PROF/TECH 
 Department:  Psych Corrections Clinic 
 Primary Location:  Fort Saskatchewan Correc Ctr 
 Multi-Site:  Not Applicable 
 FTE:  1.00 
 Posting End Date:  07-DEC-2020 
 Employee Class:  Regular Full Time 
 Date Available:  04-JAN-2021 
 Hours per Shift:  7.75 
 Length of Shift in weeks:  10 
 Shifts per cycle:  50 
 Shift Pattern:  Days 
 Days Off:  Saturday/Sunday 
 Minimum Salary:  $41.58 
 Maximum Salary:  $55.25 
 Vehicle Requirement:  Not Applicable 
 Required Qualifications: 
Completion of master's degree in Social Work. (equivalent education or experience may be considered). Active or eligible for registration with the Alberta College of Social Workers (ACSW). 
 Additional Required Qualifications: 
A master’s degree in social work (with psychosocial intervention authorization). Current registration with ACSW. Strong professional judgment, initiative and effective time management skills are necessary. 3-5 years' minimum experience working in comprehensive mental health assessment. Experience working with marginalized populations. Current BCLS-HCP. 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
The ability to work with various computer programs is an asset. Preference will be given to previous experience working with a forensic/incarcerated population. Preference for training in NVCI, ASIST. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
