Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Client Service Representative- 2 Year Term 
 Canada Life Assurance Company 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description: 
We are Canada Life 
 Being a part of Canada Life means you have a voice. This is a place where your unique background, perspectives and talents are valued, and shape our future success. 
 You can be your best here. You’re part of a diverse and inclusive workplace where your career and well-being are championed. You’ll have the opportunity to excel in your way, finding new and better ways to deliver exceptional customer and advisor experiences. 
 Together, as part of a great team, you’ll deliver on our shared purpose to improve the well-being of Canadians. It’s our driving force. Become part of a strong and successful company that’s trusted by millions of Canadians to do the right thing. 
 Be your best at Canada Life. 
 We are looking for a Client Service Representative 
 
 This is a 2 Year Contract Opportunity* 
 
 Reporting to an Assistant Manager, you will work as part of a team committed to providing superior, timely, accurate and cost-effective service to our clients, responding to and processing requests for policy information and/or changes. Our clients include Financial Security advisors, Marketing Assistants, Client Service Center, policy-owners, and internal business partners. 
 What you will do 
 Processing a wide variety of client service transactions by ensuring proper authorizations are received, accurate calculations are done, and systems records are updated. These include disbursements and related accounting entries, beneficiary/ownership changes, administration of premium payments, reinstatements, and may also include policy changes and confirmation of policy revisions, etc. 
Responding to inquiries and providing technical, contractual information by interpreting contractual provisions, routine tax regulations, existing guidelines and system processes. 
As a member of a team, participate in cross-training efforts, administrative routines and otherwise support the Assistant Manager in the effective operations of the team. 
Project work may be required from time-to-time to support new initiatives, product enhancements and systems changes. 
 What you will bring 
 Proven client service skills. 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills. 
Strong organizational skills. 
Positive, optimistic outlook. 
Copes effectively with change. 
Strong interpersonal skills and ability to work in a team environment. 
Change adaptive- you are flexible and thrive on working in a fast paced environment. 
High level of motivation and ability to learn quickly. 
Comfortable working with both structured and unstructured processes. 
Strong initiative and enjoy a challenging and demanding workload. 
Ability to handle multiple competing priorities and work with a sense of urgency. 
Demonstrated commitment to self-development. 
Knowledge of Individual Traditional Life/Universal Life products would be an asset. 
Bilingual skills (written and verbal) would be an asset 
 Be your best at Canada Life- Apply today 
 Canada Life serves the financial security needs of more than 13 million people across Canada, with additional operations in Europe and the United States. As members of the Power Financial Corporation group of companies, we’re one of Canada’s leading insurers with interests in life insurance, health insurance, investment and retirement savings. We offer a broad portfolio of financial and benefit plan solutions for individuals, families, businesses and organizations. 
 We are committed to providing an inclusive, accessible environment, where all employees and customers feel valued, respected and supported. We are dedicated to building a workforce that reflects the diversity of the communities in which we live, and to creating an environment where every employee has the opportunity to reach their potential. 
 Canada Life would like to thank all applicants, however only those who qualify for an interview will be contacted 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
