Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Administrative Assistant 2 
 PHSA 
 __Vancouver, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Talent on Demand 
 Vancouver, BC 
 Start:  ASAP 
 Are you a strong administrative professional looking to provide support to senior leadership? We are looking for candidates with strong minute-taking abilities and coordinating skills. If this is you, please apply! 
 What you’ll do 
 Provides administrative support that respects confidentiality and ensures that administrative matters are organized and dealt with in a professional manner. 
Prepares documents including presentations, spreadsheets, correspondence, meeting minutes, and reports in an accurate and timely manner. Utilizes a variety of software applications to ensure professional standards are maintained, relevant and current data is used and end product is appropriately and professionally formatted. Compiles information into structured reports. 
Maintains a consistently updated and accurate appointment schedule for the senior leader and others as required. Coordinates meetings ensuring well-defined and timely agendas, identification of and notification to interested parties, compilation of background information and supporting materials and preparation of packages/summary documents to assist in decision making and meeting facilitation. Makes catering, travel and accommodation arrangements. Attends meetings and in-services as required. 
Designs and maintains filing and distribution systems for a variety of records and files including confidential information, such as personnel files, payroll files, financial information and other sensitive documents relating to the management of the Department using methods that can be easily accessible to assigned staff. 
Assists in budget development ensuring information is current and accurately compiled, monitors expenditures, ensures invoices are authorized to predetermined amounts and analyzes and reports variances for multiple departments/programs. Completes purchase requisitions/online purchasing and forwards for processing and ensures invoices are authorized for payment and submitted for payment. 
Provides work direction and guidance to support staff as needed to ensure administrative needs of the area are met. Participates in the development and maintenance of administrative and clinical policies and helps to ensure all staff are aware of and adhere to policies and procedures. 
Provides project support, researches information, tracks statistical data, and compiles and analyzes data involving new projects and the interpretation and application of policies and procedures. Completes and submits timekeeping records, vacation entitlements and responds to related queries from departments such as Finance, Payroll and Human Resources. 
 What you bring 
 A level of education, training and experience equivalent to graduation from a recognized post-secondary administrative assistant/secretarial program, additional course work in advanced word processing, spreadsheet, and database applications, and four (4) years' progressive experience supporting senior level management. 
Demonstrated ability to communicate effectively both verbally and in writing including the ability to work with discretion in preparing and handling information of a confidential or sensitive nature. Ability to be discreet when handling human resource requests, time-sheets and follow-up maintenance. 
Demonstrated ability to organize and prioritize work, work under time pressures to meet deadlines and handle interruptions and changing priorities. 
Demonstrated ability to work independently and make decisions to determine appropriate action to take in handling inquiries. 
Demonstrated knowledge and ability to utilize related equipment and computerized software packages such as word processing, spreadsheet, database applications, scheduling, email, and internet applications at an advanced level. 
Demonstrated ability to record and transcribe minutes of meetings. Ability to type 60 words per minute. 
 What’s in it for you 
 Every PHSA employee enables the best possible patient care for our patients and their families. Whether you are providing direct care, conducting research, or making it possible for others to do their work, you impact the lives of British Columbians today and in the future. That’s why we’re focused on your care too – offering health, wellness, development programs to support you – at work and at home. 
 Join one of BC’s largest employers with province-wide programs, services and operations – offering vast opportunities for growth and development. 
Access to more than 2,000 in-house training programs. 
Enjoy a comprehensive benefits package, including municipal pension plan. 
12 annual statutory holidays with generous vacation entitlement and accruement. 
Perks include onsite fitness classes and discounts to 350 BC-wide recreational programs, travel, technology, car and bike sharing, and more. 
 Job type:  Temporary/ Casual, Full-time hours 
 Location:  Vancouver, Surrey, or Burnaby 
 Hours of work:  0830-1630 
 Reference number:  TOD11032020 
 What we do 
 Provincial Health Services Authority (PHSA) plans, coordinates and evaluates specialized health services with the BC health authorities to provide equitable and cost-effective health care for people throughout the province. Our values reflect our commitment to excellence and include: Respect people – Be compassionate – Dare to innovate – Cultivate partnerships – Serve with purpose. Learn more about PHSA and our programs: jobs.phsa.ca/programs-and-services 
 PHSA is committed to employment equity and hires on the basis of merit, encouraging all qualified individuals to apply. We recognize that our ability to provide the best care for our diverse patient populations relies on a rich diversity of skills, knowledge, backgrounds and experiences, and value a safe, inclusive and welcoming environment. 
 This position is part of PHSA Talent on Demand – an in-house recruitment service providing talent to PHSA and other healthcare authorities. We manage a robust talent pool of service-minded professionals who are available to start work immediately. Talent on Demand creates a gateway for those who wish to achieve their career goals. Successful candidates will gain significant healthcare experience and can transition into long-term, permanent roles within PHSA. For more information: talentondemand@phsa.ca 
 PHSA is committed to employment equity and hires on the basis of merit, encouraging all qualified individuals to apply. We recognize that our ability to provide the best care for our diverse patient populations relies on a rich diversity of skills, knowledge, backgrounds and experiences, and value a safe, inclusive and welcoming environment. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
