Skip to primary content 
 Reliance One 
 We Build Teams 
   
 Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Who We Are 
 
 James Beath 
 James Paquette 
 Chad Toms 
 
 
 Job Tips 
 Community 
 Press Releases 
 Reliance One 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous   Next -> 
 Looking for a Job? 
 Posted on  09/11/2018  by   Reliance One 
 by  Reliance One 
 Control what you can control! 
 At Reliance One we consult with our clients to solve their staffing challenges. This consultative approach to our business takes a lot of time and preparation in order to deliver the desired results. We work just as hard to advise and prepare our candidates with their career search. As a job seeker, it is important to prepare yourself for the evolving market; the best way to do this is to control what you can control. 
 As one of Top 20 largest staffing companies in the metropolitan area, we guide and coach candidates to do the things they need to do to be successful in today’s job market. We take pride in spending time with each candidate; the process usually starts with a close look at their resume. We work with job seekers to inventory and take credit for all of their past experiences in their previous positions. This requires the candidate to think about all of their employment history to ensure they are accounting for all past knowledge. We then recommend the candidate to include this relevant content in their resume. 
 Once the resume is polished, we take a look to see what the candidate is doing to network with people that can help them. This includes attending industry events, as well as, utilizing online networking opportunities. Despite popular belief, there are industry seminars and networking groups in most every line of work. Whether the career field is Information Technology, Finance or Engineering, there are groups with which to network. By taking advantage of networking, it allows candidates to meet people currently employed in positions and industries where they are looking to gain employment. Another great way to network is utilizing online social media tools, such as LinkedIn or Twitter. These networking sites allow job seekers to connect with groups and individuals in the specific industry that they are looking to obtain employment. 
 If we have been able to arrange an interview for a candidate, the individual must understand there is a lot of preparation necessary in order to set them up for success. The candidate should spend time going over their relevant work history and form correlations to the position for which they are interviewing. This may include refreshing their knowledge of key skill sets the potential employer has listed as necessary for the position. 
 The next thing a candidate should do is research. They will need to research the company they are interviewing with, as well as, the individuals that are assigned to conduct the interview. This may include, but is not limited to, going to the company website, using search engines to learn the latest news on the company, and searching social media sites to understand the audience. This research will ensure the candidate is familiar with the company’s current forecast and will provide a deeper understanding of why the company is adding to their team. In addition, through research the candidate may find a shared connection with the interviewees which may create opportunities to connect on a different level; you may have attended the same college or have similar hobbies. 
 The last thing we do is help the candidate prepare themselves for the interview. There is a lot of emphasis on the first impressions for both our candidates and clients. We coach our candidates and advise them to present themselves professionally – typically suits are appropriate; cleaned and pressed, as well as shoes that are business professional and polished. Grooming and personal hygiene are also emphasized. We encourage the candidate to practice their responses to commonly asked interview questions and feel comfortable explaining experience in previous positions. The candidate should also prepare some well thought out questions that are pertinent to the company and position for which they are interviewing. 
 We instruct and encourage our candidates to do all the things within their control to be successful in their job search. There are plenty of things that we cannot control, but by making sure you have represented your experience to the best of your ability, networking with those in your industry and preparing for your interview opportunities, you will put yourself ahead of the other job seekers. 
 Rob Wicker  is the VP of Recruitment at Reliance One. He is highly experienced with consulting organizations in areas of Information Technology, Marketing and Management. He is characterized as a career coach and communications leader. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 More 
 
 
 
 Email 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  Community ,  Human Resources ,  Job Tips  by  Reliance One . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Like Us! 
 
 Like Us! 
 
 Follow Us! 
 
 We're so proud of our teammate Isabelle for completing her undergrad degree from @ oaklandu  this weekend. Join us in…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   1 year ago 
 
 Follow @relianceoneinc 
 Join the Group! 
   
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
