the ChangeYourLife blog 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 My Story 
 START HERE 
 What This Blog Is About… 
 
   
 Tag Archives: change career 
 <- Older posts 
 June 29, 2015 * 12:09 pm 
 Career Advice from an Inspirational Journalist 
 
 Great Career advice - for any career 
 Hiya, 
 My wife pointed me to this excellent article on becoming a freelance journalist by George Monbiot. The clue is in the word '  free  '. But even if you're not trying to be a writer the words here will inspire and provoke thought with regards to your own hopes and dreams. 
 If you're still under 30 you may still have hopes and dreams, if you're over 40 you may be wondering where they went. Read the article and it might just remind you… 
 Read the article by  CLICKING HERE 
 Enjoy 
 Stu 
 🙂 
 3 Comments 
 Filed under  Change Job ,  Goals ,  Life changing 
 Tagged as  achievements ,  career ,  change career ,  change your job ,  clarity ,  George Monbiot ,  journalism 
 June 15, 2015 * 7:48 am 
 Hiya, 
 When was the last time you stopped and really evaluated where you are headed and why? 
 It’s possible things have changed since you set yourself on your present course. 
 Maybe it’s time for a course correction, a deviation onto a slightly different path. Maybe an about turn altogether. 
 How will you know? 
 Enjoy 
 Stu 
 🙂 
 7 Comments 
 Filed under  Change Job ,  Goals ,  Life changing ,  Self Improvement 
 Tagged as  achievements ,  change ,  change career ,  change job ,  clarity ,  decisions ,  goals 
 July 8, 2014 * 12:37 pm 
 Is updating your CV (Resume) a waste of time? 
 
 Have you asked yourself this lately? 
 Hiya, 
 I for one have never got a job based on my CV. In fact I don’t think I’ve ever had a CV. Maybe I’m fortunate, I’ve never looked for a job, one always presented itself as the old one came to an end or had served its purpose. 
 For a lot of people their CV is hugely important, maybe you are one of them. But consider this for a moment.. .what are the key elements of a CV? 
 
 Where you are at the moment 
 Where you were before that 
 What your education level was 
 
 I know it’s more involved than that but that’s basically it. 
 The thing is  that  is ALL about who you  were . If you want to experience something new you have to think differently than you did before. You have to try on a new mindset. Try a new perspective. Otherwise you are just looking for more of what you have right now. And if you’re reading this you probably have some frustrations about your job, right? 
 So ask yourself: is getting a better version of your present job the answer? 
 If it is - Great! Sort your CV out asap. If not, you might want to think more about where you want your life to head over the next 5 - 10 years. 
 The right job or career for you could be in your very near future, but if you don’t identify it now, you’ll never recognise it when it comes along. 
 Put that work in right now and figure out what it is you’d love (or even like) to do. 
 Let me know in the comments below. 🙂 
 Strive to thrive 
 Stu 
 🙂 
 PS: If you’d like some help with this  READ THIS 
 4 Comments 
 Filed under  Change Job 
 Tagged as  change career ,  change job ,  CV ,  hate my job ,  hate work ,  job you love ,  success 
 February 19, 2014 * 12:18 pm 
 How To Ignore Negative Comments. 
 
 Look familiar? 
 Stuart Young, London, UK 
 Hiya, 
 Do you ever get negative comments at work, or even about work? 
 Maybe they are comments about your skills or abilities, maybe they're comments about your achievements or commitment. 
 If you think about them honestly you might even agree with some of them. If you do, maybe you are in the wrong job! 
 You could decide to avoid those negative people that you can, and ignore the negative comments of the ones you can’t. But that might be burying your head in the sand. 
 Maybe you hear negative comments when talking about your ambitions and dreams. If you think the comments are unwarranted then just say in your mind ‘  They don’t know me’  every time they bring you down with words like: 
 ‘  …be realistic…  ’ or 
 ‘  …you’re no good at that…  ’ or 
 ‘  …I don’t think that’s your strength…  ’ etc. 
 As you learn to do this you will believe in yourself more and more. And that’s a good feeling. 
 
 My new book: “  Do You Hate Your Job?  ” reveals how you identify if you're in the right job and what to do if you're not. Get it right now at NO COST before you make any BIG decisions. 
 Maybe there's someone you know that’s struggling to get out of bed every work day - get a copy for them. 
 Click here to get your copy . 
 Enjoy 
 Stu 
 PS: It’s short, to the point, full of useful, practical content, easy to understand and apply – don’t look back this time next year and find yourself exactly where you are now. 
 6 Comments 
 Filed under  Change Job ,  Goals ,  Success 
 Tagged as  ability ,  change career ,  change job ,  commitment ,  confidence ,  hate work ,  hate your boss ,  negative comments 
 February 17, 2014 * 12:19 pm 
 How to know if you've been in your job TOO long. 
 
 Feel like this in Your job? 
 Stuart Young, London, UK 
 Hiya, 
 The brilliant Lifehack blog recently posted the  17 Signs You've Been Staying In The Same Job Too Long  - take a look, it'll make you smile! 
 If you find yourself agreeing with many (or ALL) of them - come back here and grab yourself a FREE copy of my new eBook: '  Do You Hate Your Job?  ' - it will help you get clear about WHAT would be your perfect job  an  d HOW you can move towards making that a reality. 
 
 If you decide you're one of the 80% struggling to enjoy their job at the moment, grab a copy of “  Do You Hate Your Job?  ” right now at NO COST before you make any BIG decisions. If not for you - then for someone you know that’s struggling to get out of bed every work day. 
 It will help you understand if you can actually fall in love with your present job, or whether it’s time to quit. 
 Click here to get your copy . 
 Enjoy 
 Stu 
 PS: It’s short, to the point, full of useful, practical content, easy to understand and apply – don't look back on Feb 17th 2015 and find yourself exactly where you are now. 
 2 Comments 
 Filed under  Change Job 
 Tagged as  change career ,  change job ,  hate work ,  hate your job ,  how can I find a new job ,  Lifehack ,  self help ,  stuck in a rut ,  work 
 February 14, 2014 * 4:20 pm 
 Do You Hate Your Job? Really? 
 Stuart Young, London, UK 
 Hiya, 
 I wrote an article for SelfGrowth.com recently, probably the biggest self improvement website on the internet with around 2 million views per month. 
 The article takes a look at whether you can actually fall back in love with your job - even if you have to do it for another company. 
 It also happens to be an excerpt from my latest book: "  Do You Hate Your Job?  " which you can get in full,  at no cost  , right here: ->  CLICK HERE  <- 
 You can read the full article here: ->  SelfGrowth ** 
** 
 Enjoy 
 Stu 
 🙂 
 1 Comment 
 Filed under  Change Job 
 Tagged as  change career ,  change job ,  do you hate your job? ,  hate work ,  self help ,  selfgrowth 
 February 11, 2014 * 1:05 pm 
 Want to be a High Performer? 
 Stuart Young, London, UK 
 Hiya, 
 Brendon Burchard is a successful online marketer. He mixes with the elite in business and learns how they achieved their success. Then he models it, and applies it to his own business. 
 In this video he made a while ago he takes us through the 6 x Ps of High Performers. This inspiring video is about learning what the world’s most successful people focus on to create their results. 
 The Ps stand for Presence, Psychology, Physiology, Productivity, Persuasion and the most important P of them all - without it none of the others matter is… 
 …You'll have to watch to find out. 🙂 
 To find out more about Brendon go to: http://brendonburchard.com/ 
 Comment below with how this video inspired you. 
 
 If you’re one of the 80% struggling to enjoy their job at the moment and you're struggling to be a high performer, grab a copy of “  Do You Hate Your Job?  ” right now at NO COST. If not for you then for someone you know that’s struggling to get out of bed every work day. 
 It will help you understand if you can actually fall in love with your present job, or whether it’s time to quit. 
 Click here to get your copy . 
 Enjoy 
 Stu 
 PS: It’s short, to the point, full of useful, practical content, easy to understand and apply - get it now. 
 1 Comment 
 Filed under  Change Job ,  VIDEOS 
 Tagged as  Brendon Burchard ,  change career ,  change job ,  do you hate your job? ,  frustration ,  high performer ,  procrastination ,  stuck in a rut ,  work 
 February 10, 2014 * 10:03 am 
 What can you say YES to today? 
 Stuart Young, London, UK 
 Hiya, 
 Take the opportunity today to say YES to something you would normally say No to. 
 Is this a tricky one? Hmm, not sure. I think some of you might find this difficult depending on what the thing is and how challenging it might be. 
 To others it might be a simple choice of having a cup of coffee after your lunch when you normally don’t. Either way, try and say YES - see what happens. 
 Maybe there's something you're asked to do at work that you'd normally refuse because it's not your job - today, have a go. Say "  Yes, sure, I 'll do it. " See what happens with the rest of your day. Does it get better, worse, stay the same? 
 _" Without change, there would be no butterflies. _ ” ~  Anonymous 
 
 If you're one of the 80% struggling to enjoy their job at the moment grab a copy of “  Do You Hate Your Job?  ” right now at NO COST. If not for you then for someone you know that’s struggling to get out of bed every work day. 
 It will help you understand if you can actually fall in love with your present job, or whether it’s time to quit. 
 Click here to get your copy . 
 Enjoy 
 Stu 
 PS: It’s short, to the point, full of useful, practical content, easy to understand and apply. 
 Leave a comment 
 Filed under  Change Job ,  Goals ,  Life changing ,  Self help ,  Self Improvement ,  Success 
 Tagged as  change career ,  change job ,  do you hate your job? ,  fear ,  frustrated ,  hate work ,  say yes ,  self help ,  unemployed ,  work 
 February 9, 2014 * 4:22 pm 
 How often do you thank? 
 Stuart Young, London, UK 
 Hiya 
 Take the opportunity today to say thanks. 
 This is the simplest thing in the world to do - and sometimes the hardest. We all have occasions where saying thanks to someone really sticks in our side. Sometimes we might even decide not to say it at all. 
 But saying thanks under those conditions can really make a difference, not only to the person you’re saying it to, but to  you  too. 
 When you can say thanks, and mean it sincerely, you are on the path to building a bridge with that person. That relationship could end up growing stronger or at least more bearable. 
 You can even say thanks to the universe for just being alive! 
 On the easy side - saying thanks to someone who has just held the door open for you or moved aside to let you through can brighten  their  day. 
 That thanks will wind its way through the day passing from one person to the next and the next. Be the one that starts that process off and then enjoy the thought of where it might end up. 
 You never know, your easy thanks in the morning could end up being someone else’s difficult thanks at the end of the day. 
 Nice thought huh? 
 Tomorrow is Monday - first day of the working week for many - give some thought right now to who you might thank at work - even if you really don't want to. 
 Even if you hate your job at the moment, find someone you can sincerely thank. 
 
 Grab a copy of "Do You Hate Your Job?" right now at NO COST, if not for you then for someone you know that’s struggling to get out of bed every work day. It will you understand if you can actually fall in love with your present job, or whether it's time to quit. 
 Click here to get your copy . 
 Enjoy 
 Stu 
 PS: It’s a short book full of useful, practical content, easy to understand and apply. 
 6 Comments 
 Filed under  Change Job ,  Choice ,  Goals ,  Life changing ,  Self help ,  Self Improvement ,  Success 
 Tagged as  change career ,  change job ,  do you hate your job? ,  free book ,  hate work ,  self help ,  thanks ,  work 
 February 5, 2014 * 12:47 pm 
 What do you like about your job? 
 Stuart Young, London, UK 
 Hiya, 
 Take the opportunity today to consider your job and find three things you’re happy with. 
 1. I'm quitting soon,  or  2. the toilets are clean, etc. - do NOT count! 🙂 
 I understand this might be difficult for some. Try it though and see if you can ‘honestly’ find three things that you are happy with about your job. 
 This could be the start of you appreciating it for what it is. We've all heard the grass is greener right? Maybe if you stopped looking at what is 'wrong' with your job - just for today, you might find there's a lot you actually like. 
 It must start with you, all of your happiness, contentedness, peacefulness etc. comes from the way you think about your circumstances. 
 If you get to the end of today and you really have struggled to find 3 things you like - you need to read my new eBook: "  Do You Hate Your Job?  ". It's not very long, but it is laser focussed on helping you understand what you must do next. 
 
 Grab a copy now at NO COST, if not for you then for someone you know that’s struggling to get out of bed every work day. 
 Click here to get your copy . 
 Enjoy 
 Stu 
 Related posts:  Monday 'Back to Work' Blues. 
 Leave a comment 
 Filed under  Change Job ,  Choice ,  Goals ,  Life changing ,  Self help ,  Self Improvement ,  Success 
 Tagged as  achievement ,  anger ,  awareness ,  bad habits ,  beliefs ,  boredom ,  career ,  change career ,  change job ,  change your life ,  change your mindset ,  choice ,  confidence ,  confusion ,  decisions ,  depression ,  diet ,  divorce ,  do you hate your job? ,  doubt ,  dream life ,  dreams ,  family ,  fear ,  finding happiness ,  finding your passion ,  goals ,  good habits ,  good life ,  grief ,  guilt ,  habits ,  happy ,  hopes ,  How to change your life one day at a time ,  hypnotherapy ,  lack of direction ,  lifestyle ,  loneliness ,  loss ,  love ,  low self esteem ,  midlife crisis ,  nlp ,  peak performance ,  perfect day ,  personal development ,  psychology ,  quit smoking ,  redundancy ,  regret ,  relationship ,  resentment ,  resourcefulness ,  self improvement ,  Stuart Young ,  success ,  Tony Robbins ,  unhappy ,  value ,  weight loss ,  work 
 <- Older posts 
 
 
 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 
 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 854 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 NetworkedBlogs 
 
 Blog: 
 ChangeYourLife 
 Topics: 
 Self Improvement ,  Self Help ,  Inspirational 
 Follow my blog 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Why You’ll Always Be Dissatisfied - And That’s Good News! 
 A post for Dads being divorced. 
 Divorced Dads with kids - Who do you need to BE? 
 12 Mins to explain fear and worry are linked 
 We Can Be the Heroes of This Story 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 June 2020 
 May 2020 
 November 2019 
 April 2019 
 June 2018 
 April 2018 
 August 2017 
 July 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 August 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 Book reviews 
 Change Job 
 Choice 
 Coincidences 
 Confidence 
 Divorced Men 
 Goals 
 Golf 
 Interviews 
 Life changing 
 Miss my kids 
 Photography 
 Relationships 
 Self help 
 Self Improvement 
 Separation 
 Success 
 Uncategorized 
 Video Book Reviews 
 VIDEOS 
 
 
 
 How To Change Your Life 
 
 
 
 How To Change Your Life 
 
 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 
 the ChangeYourLife blog  * Inspiring You To Make A Positive Change In Your Life 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
  the ChangeYourLife blog  
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
