Skip to content 
 Menu 
 
 Contact Us 
 How to Use This Site 
 Improving Performance and Wellbeing at Work 
 
 The Role of Psychological Flexibility in Building Performance and Wellbeing 
 Useful Resources 
 
 Book Reviews 
 
 
 
 
 What is ACT? 
 
 Some Definitions 
 The Evidence Behind ACT 
 Translating ACT for the Workplace 
 What is Psychological Flexibility? 
 ACT in the Workplace - Research References 
 Mindfulness in the workplace - evidence 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 About This Site 
 Privacy Statement 
 About Rob Archer 
 About Rachel Collis 
 About Paul Atkins 
 Our Values 
 
 
 
 Working with ACT 
 Using mindfulness and values in the workplace to improve performance and wellbeing 
 Category: Organisations and careers 
 The Marginal Gains Handbook - Practical ideas to survive and thrive in the age of Coronavirus 
 Posted on  May 7, 2020  by  Dr Rob Archer 
 We are delighted to release VERSION 2 of this free, practical guide of evidence-based ways to survive and thrive in the age of Coronavirus. 
 
 ** DOWNLOAD HERE 
 ** 
 This version includes improved ideas for thriving in the age of Coronavirus as well as a new section on parenting in lockdown. 
 This is from a CEO who's been using it with his organisation: 
 
 Your Covid Marginal Gains booklet has been a great source to help me during this once in a life time roller coaster. It deals with so many layers that we are all going through and gave me confidence in what I was telling my team, give me solace in what I was feeling, and hope for what despair we all go through. 
 
 Continue reading "The Marginal Gains Handbook - Practical ideas to survive and thrive in the age of Coronavirus" -> 
 Tagged  Acceptance ,  Acceptance and Commitment Coaching ,  ACT Coaching ,  ACT into the water supply ,  Behavior Change ,  Compassion ,  Conflict Resolution ,  Decision making ,  experiential avoidance ,  Goal Setting ,  Handling Difficult Thoughts ,  High Performing Teams ,  Leadership development ,  Meaning ,  Motivation ,  Organisational Culture ,  Psychological flexibility ,  Resilience ,  Time Management ,  Well Being ,  Work ,  Work Life Balance 2 Comments 
 Fighting for what matters: what I really learned about completing a doctorate whilst raising a family and running a business 
 Posted on  September 11, 2019September 11, 2019  by  Dr Rob Archer 
 So I did want to reflect on what I learned during these past few years because so much of it is Working with ACT-relevant. 
 But I am wary of writing one of ' those ' type of posts, or one of those ‘it was tough but I am so glad I did it!’ things. 
 Fact is, I am not sure I  am  glad I did it. But I’ve done it now, so here’s what I think I learned: 
 1. Make every session count 
 If there was one principle that stood out, it was this. Every time I sat down to work, I focused on taking one step forward. 
 Sometimes this was impossible, or I even went backwards (the climbing a mountain metaphor helps here - i.e. sometimes you have to go  down  the mountain to go up again). However, by accepting the tiniest step as progress, including correcting one typo, I can't think of a single instance where this didn't work. 
 And one day, I woke up and it was done. 
 **2. Create deadlines 
 ** 
 There were days when I felt totally overwhelmed and my mind would wander to all the things I wasn't doing / couldn't do. If this resonates you need  deadlines . The  pomodoro technique  is good for this. So are children. 
 I would often work during my children's nap times, which created an exquisite sense of urgency. Sometimes - agh! - one of them would wake before I'd made any progress. To my surprise I was still always able to find one thing to do before running off to the bedroom. It's amazing how deadlines focus the mind, and a crying child is a very good deadline*. 
 
 My children are for rent on an hourly basis. 
 
 3. Intensity beats time 
 I placed intensity front and centre of my strategy. This led me to do seemingly strange things, like working for around 60-90 minutes on the Doctorate even when I had more time available and getting involved in  kanban , which  sounds like  is a cult. I also learned the value of 5-minute runs as a way of breaking things up and thinking things through. 
 I had 'TAKE A BREAK' stuck to my laptop and made it a rule never to stare at my screen defeated. 
 4. Remember it’s a choice 
 One especially dismal day I shared my pain on Twitter and got some lovely responses - ‘hang in there’, ‘keep going’ etc, which I was grateful for. 
 But Mat Rawsthorne said ‘give it up and walk away if you choose’, which felt liberating. 
 ' Do I choose to do this today?'  was a far more helpful question than _' Do I feel like doing this today?', _because the answer to the first question was generally yes, and the answer to the second was always no. 
 5. Ditch social media 
 Although Twitter etc can be helpful (see above), in general it is DEADLY* to a deep work project such as doctoral research. I basically had to cut it out altogether. What's interesting is I grew to dislike Twitter much more during this time, as I came to see it for what it is. And if I can't convince you, let Cal Newport have a go: 
 
 not in the Irish sense 
 
 6. I had a lot of help 
 The fact is I couldn't have done it without a supportive partner, and I had one who protected my sleep, too. 
 I literally fantasised about the words of thanks that I would give my family once it was all over, so here they are: 
 
 So each one of these principles of committed action really made a difference. But to be honest, they only tell half the story … 
 Going where you mind says you cannot go 
 
 " Where does your mind say we cannot go?" 
 Steve Hayes, A Liberated Mind 
 
 I completed my final write-up in a long, hot London summer with my little children playing in a playground opposite my office. 
 I can still see them; 2-year-old Orla pretending to be an airplane whilst bouncing on a trampoline. And tiny Sam, toddling and falling about like a gorgeous, drunken penguin. 
 Would you rather eat ice cream with her or do linear regression in a stuffy office? 
 I have a place in me, perhaps stored in my body more than in words, that remembers the feeling of my own Dad vanishing at about the same age. It’s like a feeling of permanent emptiness where a hug should be. 
 And so of course that summer it felt like I was doing something similar to my children. Almost at a cellular level, I had a feeling that I'd been here before somehow, and that this struggle inside my office was not where I should be. 
 At the time, I wrote: 
 
 The brutal truth is, there won’t be another summer where my daughter pretends to be Mo Salah or when my little boy is learning to run and talk. 
 There won 't be another summer when, at bath time, my babies scream with laughter when I shower their toes. 
 And there won 't be too many summers when they both shout 'DAD!' and jump into my arms when they see me. 
 In 10 years ' time what will I give to have even one of these moments back? 
 
 It's fair to say I had some low points. 
 And this led to the final thing I learned. 
 **7. Hard choices need self-compassion 
 ** 
 My heroes in life aren't Buddhist monks who meditate on hilltops or Silicon Valley CEOs whose incredible 'life hacks' spare them the need to make difficult choices. 
 My heroes are the ones who struggle and fight for something, and who live all of their values fiercely and imperfectly. 
 I care for my children, but I care for evidence-based psychology, too. To fight for only one of these would be a shallow victory. Yet to fight for both meant the fight of my life. 
 So what will I want my children to do when faced with a similar situation? 
 The same. 
 I want them to care for their kids of course, but I want them to struggle and fight for what matters to them too. Otherwise, what's the point? 
 From this perspective – and only from here - I reach a place where I can finally grant myself some compassion. 
 Because this was the summer where I stared at one of my most powerful demons and didn't flinch. 
 And this was the summer my kids saw their Dad doing that. 
 And maybe this was the summer - who knows? - that their choices expanded a little. 
 And many summers from now, when the time comes for them to fight for something, maybe they will have a feeling stored in a place beyond words that they have been here before, and that this struggle is where they are meant to be. 
 11 Comments 
 Everything is Dysfunctional: Applying Psychological Flexibility to Organisations 
 Posted on  April 15, 2019April 15, 2019  by  Dr Rob Archer 
 "  But  every  organisation is dysfunctional!" 
 I was describing the frustrations of running a small business to a friend who works in venture capital. In my mind I felt like the kind of dysfunction I was describing would shock her. Far from it - she seemed surprised at my surprise. 
 What’s odd is that as an ACT practitioner I am used to the idea that our own thoughts and emotions can frequently be unhelpful. Yet somehow I’d allowed myself to believe that organisations – built by dysfunctional humans like me – should be run in an entirely functional way. 
 The Dysfunctional Beatles 
 In early 1967 the greatest band in the world were in trouble. 
 John was behaving even more cynically than ever, only really coming alive when working on his own material. His relationship with Yoko was also causing resentment among the others. 
 Ringo was convinced he was surplus to requirements and considering his options in other careers – photography and furniture making. George was also feeling cut adrift, thinking that the others were deliberately excluding his songs. 
 Whilst Paul may have appeared the happiest, he was himself only a couple of years from his own breakdown. The author of  Yesterday  aged 26, was  beginning to doubt himself . The Beatles were pulling apart. 
 The Dysfunctions of World-Leading Companies 
 In 1982 Tom Peters wrote his seminal book  In Search of Excellence , looking at some of the best run companies in the world. 
 It's a compelling read, until you realise that nearly all of the companies chosen as 'excellent' have since either underperformed or gone bust (think Atari). 
 Phil Rosenzweigh called this the " d elusion of connecting the winning dots ". Yet we still do this. We pick the most successful organisations and then buy the myth that their success is down to their culture and leadership. Think Laszlo Bock from Google, pretending their success is to do with culture; Sheryl Sandberg lecturing on work-life balance, or anything to do with Steve Jobs. 
 Yet look harder and it is easy to find stories of Google’s  dysfunctional working practices  (actually, this article did  not  appear in Google searches but did appear on  Duck Duck Go ). Facebook's total  lack of work life balance for its actual employees . Steve Jobs being  an unbelievable jerk . 
 Take a look at this clip of Microsoft in 1995 and ask yourself if that can  possibly  have been a functional place to work: 
 Think of investment banks, family-run businesses, the NHS…pretty much everything is dysfunctional. 
 
 It’s funny how the idea of acceptance – particularly accepting my own difficult thought and emotions – has freed me so much in my own personal life, yet when it comes to the places I work I expect organisations to work exactly as I think they should. 
 
 I'm not suggesting that working in dysfunctional organisations is easy or that we shouldn't try to fix them. But I am suggesting it's not the only way of assessing whether our jobs or careers are right for us. 
 The Dysfunctional Beatles (2) 
 In May 1967, amidst their heightening dysfunctions, the Beatles released  Sgt Pepper. 
 It was a staggering achievement, made all the more remarkable by releasing  Stawberry Fields  and  Penny Lane  earlier that year, neither of which made the album. 
 
 The Beatles were overflowing with creativity and inspiration  whilst  growing increasingly frustrated with each other. 
 
 The following year, with relations at an all-time low, they released the incredible  White Album  , having earlier released  Hey Jude,  which was also not on the album (!) 
 Finally, in 1969 they released the mighty  Abbey Road  and in the death throes of the band,  Let it Be  (which was released after they had split). 
 
 In other words, some of the greatest music of all time was recorded amidst some of the most stressful and dysfunctional working relationships. 
 
 It's the same everywhere. Dysfunctional companies run the world; they power things, finance things, change the way we work and live, and in the case of the NHS they save lives and give dignity to people when they need it most. 
 What Are You Building Amidst Dysfunction? 
 In ACT, one of the key ideas is that we can move towards our values and goals  in the presence of  difficult thoughts and emotions. 
 The test with our own careers, therefore, is not just how dysfunctional something feels, or how frustrating your colleagues are, or how undervalued you feel. (Of course, this is not an argument to just put up with these things - that is not what acceptance means). It is just not the sole measure. 
 
 The other part of the equation is what are you building in return? How often do you get to move towards your most important values and goals, amidst the dysfunction? 
 
 When I was a management consultant the answer to that was 'almost never'. But as a psychologist, it is every day - my most meaningful contribution to the world ever. 
 In the same way that mental health is more than an absence of disease, your job’s worth is more than an absence of dysfunction. 
 Instead of buying the story that dysfunctional organisations leave us helpless to make a difference, we can learn to hold our stories lightly, and find room to create something of value, amidst the dysfunction. 
 Leave a comment 
 Learning To Step Over Coercion And Create The Workplace Culture That You Want 
 Posted on  June 17, 2015June 17, 2015  by  Rachel Collis 
 In his wonderful book,  The Nurture Effect,  Tony Biglan, states that ’  the most important stressor we humans typically face comes in the form of coercive interactions with other humans.  ’ 
 Coercion is where people use unpleasant behaviour to influence you. If you do what they want, then the aversive behaviour will stop…at least for a while. Coercive behaviour in the workplace includes overt bullying and intimidation but it also can be more subtle - put downs, teasing, social exclusion etc. It can even involve using expressions of disappointment as a form of control. 
 Pause for a moment. What workplace situations have  you  found most stressful? 
 How much of your stress was because other humans were being  coercive  towards you? 
 My hunch is that coercion is an almost universal quality of deeply unhappy workplaces. 
 Sadly, some organisations have a culture which encourages coercive behaviour. These organisations are unpleasant places to work. 
 Biglan writes: 
 
 ‘We need to replace all of this coercive behaviour with behaviour that calms, supports and teaches - the kind of behaviour that helps others thrive.’ 
 
 What would that be like?  Imagine a workplace where people ask directly for what they want in a calm way. Where they support each other to do well, to learn and to thrive. 
 Biglan suggests many empirically supported strategies for creating these nurturing environments. The one that has resonated most strongly with me is to make a personal commitment to this sort of calm, supportive and nurturing behaviour. 
 This is, of course, easier said than done.  It is particularly hard to be calm, supportive and nurturing when others are being harsh and coercive towards you . Our impulse in these situations is to either respond with our own harsh, coercive behaviour or to just give in. The nature of coercion is that we want it to stop and we want it to stop quickly, so we tend to react to it in unhelpful ways. 
 If we want to create change, Biglan suggests that  we need to learn forbearance. We need to step over our initial impulse to punish and coerce others and instead focus on responding with firm kindness . We need to be able to shift gear and respond in ways that build connection and foster growth. 
 Biglan quotes  reams of research  to support his suggestion that what the world needs now is for millions of us to just decide - ‘  I want to step away from harsh and coercive treatment towards others, Instead I will nurture connection and growth. I will focus on creating environments where humans flourish .’ 
 He also suggests  empirically supported strategies  for how to put this into practice. 
 These strategies include the  behavioural analysis  that Rob described in the previous post. Looking with openness and curiosity at what antecedents and consequences may be encouraging the  damaging  behaviour and also at what antecedents and consequences would encourage the  desired  behaviour. 
 Biglan also explores how ACT skills can be important in achieving this change to a more nurturing culture. As people become more mindful,  practice acceptance  of their emotions and are  more connected to their values , they find it easier to change their behaviour. 
 I highly recommend  The Nurture Effect  to you. It is an important book. A book that explores how the science of human behaviour can improve human lives. 
 I want to live in a world where the majority of people are behaving in ways that nurture learning and growth. How about you? Shall we get started? 
 Tagged  Behavior ,  Organisational Culture ,  Values ,  Values and Behaviour 1 Comment 
 Helping Alpha Executives to Drop The Corporate Armour 
 Posted on  November 2, 2014  by  Rachel Collis 
 According to  Ludeman and Erlandson  (2004). 'Alpha’ executives make up 70% of senior executives. They are confident and intelligent, competitive and impatient. They like to be in charge. 
‘Alpha’ executives don’t tend to listen well to others. They engage in dominance behaviours, ( Schmid Mast and Hall 2009 ) such as: 
Taking charge of the conversation 
Interrupting others 
Talking down to people 
Expressing strong opinions 
Tending to steamroll others into doing what they want (Schmid Mast and Hall 2003) 
 And unfortunately these behaviours seem to worsen as they get more power. 
 Senior alpha executives can find it hard to let others influence their decision making. ( See, Morrison et al. 2011) 
Alpha executives often have unrealistic expectations of themselves and others. This can lead to burnout, both in themselves and in members of their team. Alpha executives can be dismissive of others feelings and can fail to notice the negative impact that their competitive and aggressive approach has on others. Colleagues and direct reports can sometimes experience the aggressive alpha behaviour as bullying. 
 Alpha’s often achieve results in the short to medium term; they look confident; they speak up in meetings. They look like potential C-Suite material and they get promoted. 
 But once they reach higher levels of management, the need for cooperation and collaboration grows and their dominance behaviours start to hold them back and sometimes even  derail them . 
 I often coach executives who exhibit some, if not all, of those alpha behaviours. I enjoy working with them. I like their intelligence, their focus on results and honesty. It can also feel intimidating. The curiosity and exploration that is central to good coaching can seem like a waste of time to these executives - and they let me know this assessment in no uncertain terms! 
 How does ACT help these executives to develop more effective leadership behaviours? 
 An ACT-informed coaching approach would likely include: 
 
 Identifying workable and unworkable behaviours 
 Helping the executive to make better quality decisions 
 Choosing values  and  choosing how to convert those values into action 
 Developing compassion for self and others 
 Broadening behaviour and improving the criteria the executive uses to select their behaviour in a given situation. 
 Building psychological flexibility  (of course!) 
 Uncovering unhelpful internal rules that are controlling behaviour 
 
 In this post, I want to explore the tricky topic of working with these executives and their emotions. 
 My observation is that many, but not all, of these executives have learnt to disconnect from their own emotions. This disconnect is often contributing significantly to their insensitive and impatient behaviour. The behaviour is, in a sense, a form of running away from unwanted thoughts and feelings. 
 Executives have often  donned corporate armour, in order to protect themselves , in the sometimes hostile environment of organisations. Whilst this armour can be helpful, it does make it hard for them to be emotionally intelligent and  agile. 
 In many, the armour was actually created early in life. It may well have been adopted in the school years, as a response to the harsh experiences that many of us have during childhood. This means that many of these executives have never learnt to really notice and label their emotions, a core skill of emotional intelligence. 
 Emotionally intelligent leaders can tease out the different grades of their own and others emotion, for example separating impatience from frustration or anger. Emotionally intelligent leaders can notice emotions that may be pulling them in different directions. They can pause, notice their emotions and notice the urges that result from these emotions, without having to act on those impulses. They can hear the wisdom their emotions often offer, perhaps about the risks in a situation or how others may be feeling about something. 
 The lack of emotional awareness that some alpha executives experience is often coupled with avoidance of many of the 'softer' emotions. This does not mean, however, that the executives are genuinely emotionless, the emotions will still be present and will  often drive behaviour unconsciously. 
 The aim of coaching alpha executives can often be to help them to learn to engage with their own emotions with more curiosity and wisdom. 
 This work can be scary for executives, many of them have an emotion phobia; where approaching certain emotions, such as sadness or fear, can make them freeze or escape. Just like with other exposure work, this needs to be done with the consent of the individual concerned and  with gentleness  and curiosity. 
 Often the most important thing that a coach can do in this situation is to help the executive to pause and notice.  How does it feel in your body as you talk about this issue? And what does that tell you? And what do your values and the needs of the situation suggest you do next? 
 As people become more fluent with their own emotions, they become less driven by them and have a greater capacity to choose the most effective behaviour in a given moment. 
 As people become more open to their own emotions, they also become more aware and empathic towards others. 
 As emotions become welcome companions, the corporate armour becomes less necessary,  vulnerability  becomes possible and  life becomes richer. 
 (For Australian Readers - I am running a workshop on this topic at the  APS International Coaching Congress  in Melbourne in November 13th to 15th) 
 Tagged  Emotional Intelligence ,  Leadership development 6 Comments 
 Are we more likely to be compassionate to others when we are compassionate to ourselves? 
 Posted on  September 25, 2013September 27, 2013  by  Paul Atkins 
 When you feel judgemental about yourself, do you also feel more judgemental about others? Or are you one of those people who speaks harshly to yourself in ways that you would never dare or care to speak to another? What do you think is the relationship between self-compassion and compassion towards others? 
 These questions matter a lot. A strong relationship between self-compassion and compassion perhaps suggests common learning histories for the two behaviours. While ACT directly cultivates self-compassion through acceptance, it emphasises other-related compassion only indirectly. If we want to improve the ways we relate to one another in organisations and daily life, we need to know how and if changing our relationship to ourselves changes our relationship to others. 
 The evidence is mixed. Some research suggests we treat people very differently to ourselves, while other research suggests commonalities. Looking carefully at the differences between these studies may help us learn more about what is going on. 
 Evidence compassion towards self and others might be unrelated 
 There might be no relationship between self-compassion and other-directed compassion. As children, we learn to distinguish between “I” and “you”, and much of our early sociolinguistic experience teaches us that others have different perspectives, preferences,  traits and experiences to ourselves ( McHugh & Stewart, 2012 ). We can learn to behave quite differently towards ourselves than we do towards others. 
 Language can create powerful differences between how we behave towards ourselves and others. One example is the  fundamental attribution error  where, when someone acts badly, we overestimate the effect of personal characteristics and underestimate the effects of the situation as a cause of their behaviour. Towards ourselves we are more likely to take account or circumstances influencing our behaviour. For example, while we are quite happy to blame bad driving on someone else’s incompetence or malice, we are more likely to see our  own  poor driving as the result of situational factors like being late for work. This is a clear case where we behave quite differently in our judgements towards self and others. 
 Once we make an appraisal that a person is personally responsible for the situation in which they find themselves, we are less likely to experience empathic concern and more likely to experience non-compassionate emotions such as anger ( Atkins & Parker, 2012 ). And of course in Australia we have seen how it is perfectly acceptable to treat asylum seekers arriving on boats with their children  in a  very  different way to how we would expect ourselves and our children to be treated . The more we see the  other  as different to ourselves, the less likely we are to extend compassion towards them ( Goetz, Keltner, & Simon-Thomas, 2010 ). 
 Society reinforces big differences between compassion towards self and others. It wasn’t that long ago that our society seemed to reinforce young women in particular for being kind to everyone  except  themselves. Many older women in particular seem to feel badly about themselves unless they place others’ needs ahead of their own. So, if the distinction between self and other is seen as real, and the right social reinforcers are in place, it is entirely possible that self-compassion and other-directed compassion could be quite unrelated. 
 Evidence compassion towards self and others might be  related 
 But, perhaps fortunately, there is also a growing body of evidence that emphasises the similarities between the ways we relate to ourselves and others. Many of the psychological approaches developed during the 50’s and 60’s relied upon the assumption that self-acceptance was related to acceptance of others ( Williams & Lynn, 2010 ). More recently researchers have begun to test this idea empirically.  Neff and Pommier (2013 ) recently found that self-compassion is  positively  related to compassion towards others. 
 Neff and Pommier (2013 ) studied three groups: college undergraduates, community adults and meditators. They measured both self-compassion and different aspects of other-focused concern such as perspective taking, forgiveness, compassion, empathy and altruism. Overall there was a significant positive relationship between self-compassion and other-focused concern. 
 Why might self-compassion and other-compassion be related? 
 Why did this relationship occur? The factors that were consistently related to self-compassion across all groups were perspective taking, forgiveness and the capacity to manage personal distress. Perhaps our capacity to stay present to our own difficult experiences helps us to stay present to the difficult experiences of others. Or perhaps our capacity to stand back and see our self-critical thoughts as thoughts and not necessarily the truth, is exactly the same skill as our capacity to stand back from our automatic stereotypes and judgements about others. Perhaps learning to accept our own failings teaches us that we are all fallible. Or perhaps we acquire a deeper knowing that we are not, after all, ever separate from others, that we are all “caught in an inescapable network of mutuality, tied in a single garment of destiny” (Martin Luther King in his  letter from Birmingham Jail ). 
 However, Neff and Pommier’s study also revealed interesting differences in the strength of the relationships for different groups. 
 
 For meditators, there was a  stronger  link between self-compassion and other-focused concern - perhaps we can explicitly train people to break down barriers between self and others? 
 For women, there was a  weaker  link. Women are more likely to display higher levels of other-focused concern than men, but they are  not  more likely to display higher levels of self-compassion. Perhaps that social training of young girls that I mentioned earlier is still alive and well. 
 Finally younger adults showed  weaker  links between compassion for self and others. Neff and Pommier argued that this might have been because young adults over-estimate their distinctiveness from others and they are still forming their own identities and understandings of others. 
 
 Neff and Pommier’s study has big limitations. It ignores individual differences and relies upon self-report measures. We cannot tell whether the relationship between self-compassion and compassion for others really is weaker for women or whether this is just an artefact of women feeling more pressured to self-report compassion towards others. What we really need are within-person studies using measures of behaviour and context. __ Am I more likely to act compassionately towards others in circumstances that have primed me to act compassionately towards myself: e.g. when I have just meditated or been treated kindly by another? 
 And what life experiences strengthen or break down the distinction between self and other? ACT is one experience that can build both self-compassion and compassion for others ( Atkins & Parker, 2012 ). Perhaps other life experiences work the other way. 
 As I have been writing this blog, I have been working with legal educators to design programs to enhance well-being and relationships among legal students and practitioners. In emphasising objectivity and the distinction between right and wrong, legal training seems to sometimes create almost impenetrable walls between thoughts and feelings, and between self and others. And legal students and practitioners are among the unhappiest people in Western society ( e.g. Kelk, Luscombe, Medlow, & Hickie, 2009 ). Could lawyers perhaps be a canary in the coal mine for what happens when we let language excessively dominate our lived experience and we build the walls too high between ourselves and others? 
 Relational Frame Theory  offers a very useful way of understanding what is going on here. Consider the two sentences: 
 
 I am less deserving 
 I am more deserving 
 
 The first thought might precede a lack of self-compassion, while the second might precede a lack of compassion towards another. What is going on in these sentences? Our society generally focuses on the comparison words MORE or LESS, and so we have endless debates about who is more or less deserving of compassion. But by focusing on this comparison we ignore the more fundamental move contained in these sentences. The shared “I am” slips by unnoticed. It is in these little words that the “truth” gets established that there is a separate “I” that has inherent qualities. And of course what these sentences really mean is “I am more or less deserving THAN YOU” so in making the claim that I have certain qualities I am implicitly and always making the simultaneous claim that YOU are separate and have certain qualities as well. 
 Difference and separation arise in language. We relate to ourselves and others differently only when we are caught up in the world of words, judgments and abstractions. Perhaps Neff and Pommier's results point to what is left when the language of separation loses its hold just a little. In those moments we see that these divisions only exist in language not in the underlying reality. In the end we are drops of water, or bubbles rising in a pot. What looks like difference and separation is really only a temporary expression of an unfolding process – and “I am” and “you are” become simply “IS”. 
 Of course, philosophers through the ages have come to the same view. Rumi put it this way: 
 Out beyond our ideas 
 Of wrong doing 
 And right doing 
 There is a field. 
 I’ll meet you there. 
 When the soul lies down in that grass 
 The world is too full to talk about. 
 Ideas, language, even the words 
 You and me 
 Have no meaning. 
 - Jalaluddin Rumi 
 Taoism is a rich source of similar ideas. I would love to hear from you if you have other examples of similar quotes illustrating the power of language to create separation between self and other as this is an area I would like to explore further. Thank you. 
 References 
 Atkins, P. W. B., & Parker, S. K. (2012). Understanding individual compassion in organizations: the role of appraisals and psychological flexibility.  Academy of Management Review, 37  (4), 524-546. 
 Goetz, J., Keltner, D., & Simon-Thomas, E. (2010). Compassion: An Evolutionary Analysis and Empirical Review.  Psychological Bulletin, 136  (3), 351. 
 Kelk, N., Luscombe, G., Medlow, S., & Hickie, I. (2009). Courting the Blues: Attitudes towards depression in Australian law students and legal practitioners: Brain & Mind Research Institute: University of Sydney. 
 McHugh, L., & Stewart, I. (2012).  The Self and Perspective Taking: Contributions and Applications from Modern Behavioral Science  : Context Press. 
 Neff, K. D., & Pommier, E. (2013). The Relationship between Self-compassion and Other-focused Concern among College Undergraduates, Community Adults, and Practicing Meditators.  Self and Identity, 12  (2), 160-176. doi: 10.1080/15298868.2011.649546 
 Williams, J. C., & Lynn, S. J. (2010). Acceptance: An Historical and Conceptual Review.  Imagination, Cognition and Personality, 30  (1), 5-5. 
 Tagged  Compassion 3 Comments 
 Why Organisations Should Measure Psychological Flexibility 
 Posted on  July 3, 2013  by  Dr Rob Archer 
 What should we measure to predict job performance? 
 Organisations spend millions of pounds each year measuring cognitive ability as well as various personality dimensions - and they are right to do so. Although personality and ability are not perfect predictors, they are a good deal better than the alternatives. 
 Two classic papers help demonstrate this. The first by Robertson and Smith (2001), shows that two factors predict performance best of all – cognitive ability and integrity. Of these, cognitive ability is the best single predictor of performance. At the bottom, interestingly, are factors such as handwriting (no surprise), but also years of experience, age, job references and even (unstructured) interviews. Anyone with an interest in valid, reliable and fair selection processes should read this paper. 
 And yet the challenge must be to improve selection processes still further. After all, even the best selection methods predict only around 60% of someone’s likely job performance. Clearly other factors matter. 
 This is why in the second classic paper by Sackett and Lievens (2008), the authors identify the need for  incremental validity  – factors which  add  to our ability to predict performance over and above existing measures. They identify situation based moderators as being critical to improving our understanding of how specific traits predict job performance. In other words, the extent to which the situation itself overrides ‘personality’ or ability factors, and demands a more flexible set of responses. 
 This is why we should measure a third factor; psychological flexibility. The (accurate but pretty awful) technical definition of psychological flexibility is: 
 “contacting the present moment fully as a conscious human being, and based on what the situation affords, changing or persisting in behavior in the service of chosen values”. 
 What this means in practice is a measure of someone’s ability to: 
 
 Focus on the present moment, including awareness of one’s thoughts, emotions and the demands of the situation; and then 
 act in accordance with one’s chosen goals or values at that time. 
 
 Psychological flexibility is therefore a measure of the extent to which someone is able to transcend their automatic or learned patterns of behaviour, and act in ways which better fit the situation: 
 “This enhanced capacity for noticing, and responding to, the goal opportunities that exist in one’s environment has been described as “goal-related context sensitivity”  (Bond, Flaxman, & Bunce, 2008). 
 'Goal-related context sensitivity' can be thought of as a secondary skill which helps people to implement their primary skills (e.g. communication, problem solving, creative thinking) more effectively. By measuring psychological flexibility we can assess how well someone can adapt or persist in the face of difficulty and how well they are able to remain focused on the demands of the present, rather than implementing the same strategies irrespective of the situation. 
 Psychological flexibility has been shown to predict performance of an in itself (see Bond et al 2008) but it also helps us account for situational awareness. Therefore if we want to build on our understanding and prediction of high performance, we should measure this, too. 
 References: 
 
 Robertson, I.T. and Smith, M. (2001). ‘Personnel Selection’,  Journal of Occupational and Organisational Psychology  , vol.74. no.4, pp.441-72 
 Sackett, Paul R. and Lievens, Filip, Personnel Selection.  Annual Review of Psychology  , Vol. 59, January 2008. Available at SSRN:  http://ssrn.com/abstract=1141954 
 Bond, F. W., Flaxman, P. E., & Bunce, D. (2008).  The influence of psychological flexibility on work redesign: Mediated moderation of a work reorganization intervention . Journal of Applied Psychology, 93, 645-654. 
 
 13 Comments 
 Understanding the Real You 
 Posted on  June 1, 2013  by  Dr Rob Archer 
 As a psychologist, many clients want me to help them understand themselves better. Who am I? Who is the ‘real’ me? How do I become more like the real me? 
 And because I am all seeing and knowing, I am able to tell them and their lives are transformed. 
 In particular, people going through a transition (for example a career change) are understandably keen to understand who they really are, because this will help guide them and inform their decisions. 
 It is very easy to believe that if we can just understand who we are, then we can be liberated to be that person. It is an alluring thought, as the pull to certainty always is. 
 The problem is that whilst the idea of a ‘core’ you; a fixed, immutable essence of you (that sounds like a brand of perfume:  Immutable Essence of You  by Chanel) is alluring, it is also dangerous. It can lead people to see their lives from a narrow perspective, as the content of their history and experience. Then we create powerful stories of who we 'really' are - I am an introvert, I am bad at Maths, I am depressed. In ACT this is known as the self as content perspective. 
 Yet there is another perspective of the self which is where we are the  context  or the holder of our ever changing experiences. This allows us to take a more fluid, flexible perspective of our selves. One exercise I like to do with people to explore this idea is to take their Myers Briggs ‘type’ and then list all the ways in which they regularly act against their type. It is easy to do, and helps loosen the power of the self as content perspective. 
 In this short video Julian Baggini explores exactly this idea, but what’s interesting is that he does this without any knowledge of ACT, thereby bringing a fresh perspective. He asks whether the self is an illusion, and concludes that this is not a helpful question. It is more helpful to see the self as a  process  , rather than a thing. 
 It is this view of our self as a process which can liberate us. Instead of something fixed to discover, our selves become something we create. Instead of 'being' depressed, I am someone who sometimes experiences feelings of depression. What I like about this advert is that it takes just such a view - I have pain  and  my life is bigger than pain: 
 
 In turn this flexible, 'context' perspective helps us act more flexibly. We are free to experiment, and to transcend narrow, fixed views of ourselves. 
 Instead of asking who we really are, we can begin to see that we are the person we create, one behaviour at a time. ~~~~ 
 
 6 Comments 
 10 Factors to Consider When Rewarding Staff 
 Posted on  August 4, 2012August 2, 2012  by  Rachel Collis 
 David has been working hard to deliver exceptional service. His manager, Sarah, is pleased and wants to recognise his efforts, so she nominates him for an 'Employee of the Month' award. David then starts to slack off. He puts in less effort and seems less engaged by the work. Sarah feels frustrated. What did she do wrong? 
 It seems to be a good idea to reward people when they do a good job. But it can often decrease motivation. Rewarding people is more complicated than you might think. Here are 10 factors to consider when giving a reward: 
 
 Are rewards  allocated in a way that seems fair to recipients ? 
 Do they occur  soon after the desired behaviour ? 
 Do they tend to  focus on clear performance standards . i.e Do I know what to do to get the reward? 
 Are the rewards matched to the individual?  Different people find different things rewarding.  Extroverts love a public announcement at a meeting, introverts don't. 
 Most people find the following experiences rewarding:  autonomy, respect ,  connection  &  belonging . 
 Do the rewards feel controlling?  This is subtle. For rewards to feel fair, I need clear performance standards but if I feel like I am being rewarded for complying with instructions I will tend to be de-motivated.  We value freedom and autonomy highly . A 'reward' that is about compliance can make me feel less autonomous. For example, '  Thank you so much for getting that board paper to me today, I appreciate that you had to stay back last night to get it done  ' is probably rewarding  unless  the evening before you told me, '  You have to stay back tonight to finish that board paper '. 
 Don 't   use extra money to reward behaviours that the person would do anyway because they find the activity enjoyable or because doing it is in some way linked to their values. 
 Do  help people to make the link between what they need to do and who they want to be  i.e. their values. 
 Do reward behaviours that will help the person to learn something challenging.  When we are just starting to gain a complex skill it is often hard and we need some external encouragement. Once we can do it well then we start to enjoy it for it's own sake and we no longer need the rewards (in fact they can be counter-productive). 
 The best rewards are 'natural'  - a smile; a thank you; an authentic expression of the impact of what the person did. (Again think: autonomy, respect, belonging and connection). 
 
 So what went wrong with David? He had been giving excellent customer service for the joy of it. The award changed that for him. He felt controlled by it. Sarah presented the award at the monthly team meeting and David is an introvert and felt embarrassed. David knew that Connie had been giving a similar level of service but she didn't get a mention. He didn't feel that Sarah had been fair and he now felt awkward around Connie. It had decreased his respect for Sarah and his feelings of connection to the rest of the team. 
 So, give others lots of respect and as much autonomy as you can. Build feelings of connection and belonging. But think carefully when you use bonuses and awards - they are risky! 
 Sources for this post: 
 Judy Cameron, Katherine M. Banko, and W; David Pierce  Pervasive Negative Effects of Rewards on Intrinsic Motivation: The Myth Continues.  The Behavior Analyst 2001, 24, 1-44 No. 1 (Spring) 
 Edward L. Deci, Richard Koestner, Richard M. Ryan  A Meta-Analytic Review of Experiments Examining the Effects of Extrinsic Rewards on Intrinsic Motivation . Psychological Bulletin 1999, Vol. 125, No. 6, 627-6 
 and a  thought provoking post  to the ACT listserv by  Dr Paul Atkins 
 Tagged  Management ,  Motivation ,  Values 2 Comments 
 Using ACT in Career Change 
 Posted on  June 24, 2012  by  Dr Rob Archer 
 Why do bright, motivated people get stuck in their careers? I've spent the last 10 years or so thinking about the issue and working with people who are stuck in this way. I write about this in my other blog,  Headstuck . I find ACT is useful for people who are stuck because it helps them not only get unstuck but to move forward with purpose in a direction they choose. ACT liberates people. 
 I put together a presentation on this and it struck me that it might be of interest to readers of this blog. Hope you enjoy! 
 Leave a comment 
 Posts navigation 
 Older posts 
 Email Subscription 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 6,674 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 New E-book: Thriving in Uncertainty 
 Confidence, Lies and Courage 
 Living with Uncertainty 
 The Marginal Gains Handbook - Practical ideas to survive and thrive in the age of Coronavirus 
 A Guide to Lockdown for Other Parents, from a True Parenting Expert 
 
 
 
 
 What We Have Been Writing About 
 Acceptance   Acceptance and Commitment Coaching   ACT   ACT Coaching   ACT into the water supply   ACT Matrix   anxiety   Behavior   Behavior Change   behaviour analysis   cognitive fusion   Compassion   Confidence   Conflict Resolution   Decision making   Defusion   Emotional Intelligence   emotion management   Employee engagement   experiential avoidance   Gallup   Goal Setting   Handling Difficult Thoughts   Health   High Performing Teams   Impostor syndrome   Leadership development   Management   Meaning   Mindfulness   Motivation   Motivational interviewing   Negotiation   Organisational Culture   perspective taking   Psychological flexibility   Resilience   Stress   Teams   Time Management   tom rath   uncertainty   Values   Values and Behaviour   Well Being   Willingness   Work   Work Life Balance 
 Rob's Tweets 
 
 Dear  #RFT  types - I wanted to send some papers, articles about RFT and autism to one of my clients who has an autis…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   14 hours ago 
 RT @ rickygervais : Adopt don’t shop. ❤️ Dogs.  https://t.co/L79Zbdm0Wz   1 day ago 
 My schedule just told me it was time for my run. My mind just advised me not to bother, pointing out I've alread…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   1 day ago 
 RT @ mrs_maragna : @ SheFindSaidSo  You can set your google calendar to default to 25 mins and 50 mins meetings 👍🏼  2 days ago 
 Totally agree. Are there any specific behaviours that enable this in your experience?   twitter.com/lee_wilkinson2…   2 days ago 
 
 Categories 
 
 Acceptance and Commitment Training (ACT) 
 Behaviour change 
 Careers 
 Decision making 
 Fitness 
 Health 
 Meaning 
 Mindfulness 
 Organisations and careers 
 Psychological Flexibility 
 Relationships / communication 
 Stress and resilience 
 Uncategorized 
 Values 
 Work 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 
 ACT Mindful 
 
 
 ACT Mindfully 
 
 
 ACT of Living 
 
 
 Headstuck! The Psychology of Work and Career Change 
 
 
 Lions, Tigers and Fears 
 
 
 Mindfulness Training Ltd 
 
 
 Pickslyde Consulting 
 
 
 The Psychology of Wellbeing 
 
 
 The Yellow Brick Blog 
 
 
 Think Psychology 
 
 
 RSS - Posts 
 
 
 RSS - Comments 
 
 
 The Authors 
 
   Rachel Collis 
 
 Confidence, Lies and Courage 
 Living with Uncertainty 
 Traps to Avoid On the Path to Success – Or Why You Can’t Have it All 
 Is Meaningful Success Possible Within an Organisation? 
 What If Standard Career Advice Is Wrong? 
 
 
   Dr Rob Archer 
 
 New E-book: Thriving in Uncertainty 
 The Marginal Gains Handbook - Practical ideas to survive and thrive in the age of Coronavirus 
 A Guide to Lockdown for Other Parents, from a True Parenting Expert 
 The ACT Approach to Handling Anxiety Like a Human Being 
 What Kind of Purpose Leads to Meaning in Life? 
 
 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
