Skip to content 
 
 Grow Your Business 
 With #TheNetworkGirl 
 Menu 
 Misc. Blogs ,  Tech ,  Tech Tools 
 Want “More Tech” to assist your Role? Here is how to get it. By Jeanavive Janssen 
 February 7, 2016April 11, 2020   #networkgirl 
 Want "More Tech" to assist your Role? Here is how to get it… 
 by Jeanavive Janssen aka the NetworkGirl 
 Are you an employee who wants "More Tech" to support your Role? Here are a few tips on how you can effect change as an employee or perhaps you are an outside influence with a Tech product/SAAS you want to have championed?…the stakeholders aren't always the same. 
 Who are the stakeholders in the Tech Decisions? What do you need to know to Champion the Tech you want?… (this, e.g., Is for SAAS that effects the sales team) 
 
 The CEO – needs the big picture info if a large company and not a user. 
 Who is in charge of the Budget? Finance/Accounting? They will need to know; what are the costs, initiation fees, monthly fees/user fees, cancellations terms/costs…. 
 The sales staff who will use the software – how does it help them?
 
 What other teams may be affected by implementation? Eg. Marketing? 
 
 
 The VP of Sales – They will need to know; what kind of reporting or service does it offer them to increase productivity and support of their teams?
 
 Who else will need reporting or access? 
 
 
 Who will do the training/implementation – is it you?
 
 Does your company have a division that does the training? 
 Do you have an IT* department that can do training? 
 If not, who is a stakeholder prepared to learn and train? Is it you? 
 How much time is genuinely needed to implement? Who can be affected if the implementation is delayed or the team doesn't learn it quick enough? 
 
 
 Do you know what IT* means? (if not, we may need to take a big step back, and the first questions should be are you Tech-Savvy?..if, yes, keep reading)
 
 Do you have an in-house IT department? Are they employees or contractors? 
 Are they too busy fixing printers? 
 Are they the type to embrace more work? 
 Or are they early adopters and want to be ahead of the curve in Tech?
 
 They will need to know, quality assurance issues, debugging, scalability, programming language security, and so much more – your Tech will need to talk to their Tech. 
 
 
 
 
 
 If you do have an IT department you will need to get to know how they function before you align the users, the IT can be your ally or hold up the process if there is a lot of work on their end to launch the new SAAS. 
 Take a walk to their department one day (are they even onsite?). Don't engage; just investigate …don't make any sudden movements and scare them off. 
 If it is a small department or a contractor, they may not have the time to embrace ideas that have not been handed down by C-Level. If it is an in-house IT department with tech adopters, they may be more inclined to assist. Do not try to work this change thru IT first, but be aware of how it affects them in the long run when it does get past down from the top, they could be the final cross-check as the experts in their field and they could "stone-wall" it. Most often, companies selling SAAS will work the IT department first, but there still has to be a real good reason for them to care to make a change; and that is where the user's buy-in is essential. 
 If you don't have an IT department and if the SAAS guarantees plug and play (with a certain amount of internet bandwidth to users), you may find that aligning the users and getting their buy-in influence over the CEO for the Tech change may be a more straightforward process. 
 If you are the Champion of the Tech, align yourself with a good partner on the Tech side before you go in the ring, they need to make it easy for you to understand the big picture, the bottom-line, and ROI. If you are not getting what you need from your assigned salesperson at the company – not just an "order taker," ask for them to supply additional people who may be able to break it down in a different way so that you understand completely what you are championing. Also, are they prepared to take on the IT Dept.? with your groundwork, you will be able to provide insight into how they function. 
 What SAAS do you want to Champion? 
 
 Admins or Office Managers, Check-out  OfficeNinjas   http://officeninjas.com/  to find more Apps/Tech/SAAS that may be good for your office:  http://officeninjas.com/category/tech-tools/ 
 Join the Executive Assistants Organization and learn more about #tech and how to effect change:  http://www.executiveassistantsorganization.com/ 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 More 
 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Post navigation 
 Previous postWhy it’s ok to mourn the death of a celeb… 
 Next postVolunteering On Professional Boards by Jeanavive Janssen 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 San Francisco Bay Area 
 (415) 617-5543 
 jeanavive@gmail.com 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Customer Loyalty Program during COVID-19? YES. 
 Bridging the internet divide for event planners - by Jeanavive Janssen 
 Jeanavive = Authentic 
 American Marketing Association Merit Award, Jeanavive Janssen 
 Branding Me — (Re share) 
 
 Linkedin 
 San Francisco Bay Area 
 415-617-5543 
 jeanavive@networkgirl.com 
 Meet The Network Girl Jeanavive Janssen Linkedin 
 Jeanavive Janssen 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Customer Loyalty Program during COVID-19? YES. 
 Bridging the internet divide for event planners - by Jeanavive Janssen 
 Jeanavive = Authentic 
 American Marketing Association Merit Award, Jeanavive Janssen 
 Branding Me — (Re share) 
 Volunteering On Professional Boards by Jeanavive Janssen 
 Want “More Tech” to assist your Role? Here is how to get it. By Jeanavive Janssen 
 Why it’s ok to mourn the death of a celeb… 
 Thanks to women willing to defy the odds! 
 A day in history|Deborah Sampson 
 IT in your business : Do you have customers or partners? 
 Glip vs. Slack: Why Make The Switch? 
 Hire People Who Aren't Like You! 
 
 Behind The Scenes 
               
 Blogs I Follow 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 My Tweets 
  Create a website or blog at WordPress.com  
 Girl On The Go 
 Sharing My Life And Inspiring Yours 
 Fun but Grown Up 
 Let's Do Life Together 
 OkDork.com 
 Noah Kagan's Blog About Marketing and More 
  Zoom Video 
 motivatedandfree.wordpress.com/ 
 Your life is your message to the world. Make sure it's inspiring 
 Womenwithgifts.org 
 We are changing the world one woman at a time-#womenwithgifts 
 FROM THE LAUNDRY ROOM 
 Sorting it out one load at a time 
 Women in Tech 
 Building a community of women who work in technology - hosted by Betsy Speare, Jennifer Marsman & Helene Love Snell 
 Grow Your Business 
 With #TheNetworkGirl 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
