Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Clinical Therapist - Community Based Services - Mental Health & Addictions 
 Nova Scotia Health Authority 
 __Halifax, NS 
 Apply Now 
 Req ID:  100278 
 Location:  Central Zone, Halifax Infirmary Robie Street Entrance - QEII, Bayers Road Centre 
 Company:  NSHA 
 Department:  MHA CZ Bayers Rd Community MH 
 Type of Employment:  Hourly FT long-assignment (100% FTE) x 1 position(s) 
 Union Status:  Healthcare NSGEU 
 Posting Closing Date:  25-Nov-20 
 Applications are accepted until 11:59 PM on the Closing Date. 
 Nova Scotia Health Authority is the largest provider of health services in Nova Scotia. We are over 22,000 employees who provide health care and support services in hospitals, health centres and community-based programs throughout Nova Scotia. 
 Nova Scotia Health Authority provides health services to Nova Scotians and some specialized services to Maritimers and Atlantic Canadians. We operate hospitals, health centres and community-based programs across the province. Our team of health professionals includes employees, doctors, researchers, learners and volunteers that provide the health care or services you may need. This is accomplished across four geographic management zones which are responsible for the operation of acute care health centres and the provision of a variety of inpatient, outpatient services including academic, tertiary, quaternary care and community based programs and services including continuing care, primary health care, public health, and mental health and addictions. 
 Responsibilities 
 Under the direction of the Health Services Manager the Clinical Therapist is responsible for the assessment and provision of professional clinical services to clients and their families experiencing mental health disorders and/or substance use, gambling. The Clinical Therapist functions asi' the primary therapist regardless of which services clients’ access across the continuum in collaboration with the clients, their relevant care/service providers, and the Community Based Service clinical team. Travel to satellite clinics may be required. Hours of work may vary depending on service needs. 
 Qualifications 
Successful completion of a Master’s Degree in Social Work, Psychology (MS/MA Psych), Master's of Nursing, Masters in Occupational Therapy or Masters in Counseling (MCT) with a specialization in a clinical mental health and/ or addiction stream from an accredited university 
If not available, a Master’s Degree in [Social Work or Psychology] from an accredited educational instruction that can demonstrate a significant portion of course work focused on mental health/ substance use disorders and treatment 
Current registration with relevant provincial regulatory body 
Minimum two years of experience conducting independent assessment and treatment services within the field of Mental Health & Addiction (If the minimum experience is not available, an acceptable equivalent as outlined below may be considered) 
In-depth and critical understanding of the principles of harm reduction, the dynamics of addiction and evidence based interventions for the treatment of addiction. 
Demonstrated knowledge and understanding of standard criteria used (DSM V) for the classification and diagnosis of mental health disorders. 
Demonstrated knowledge and skills in individual/ group cognitive behavioral therapy as well as psycho educational groups. 
Basic competencies in relation to identifying and treating concurrent mental health and substance use disorders 
Experience in interviewing, counseling and teaching health concepts to individuals, families and groups. 
Demonstrated knowledge and skills in collaborating with families in relation to sharing information, and implementing family-sensitive services that involve families in the care and recovery of people living mental illness and addiction. 
Demonstrated knowledge and skills in crisis intervention, suicide and violence risk assessment/ intervention 
Non-violent crisis intervention, Standard First Aid, CPR, Mental Health First Aid training required. 
Demonstrated awareness of community resources and programs. 
Excellent problem-solving, organizational and prioritization skills and the ability to manage multiple tasks 
High level of written/ oral/ interpersonal communication skills; experience with conflict resolution 
High level of Computer software knowledge (PowerPoint, Excel, and willingness to learn ASSIST Training) 
Demonstrated ability to take initiative, work independently with limited supervision and participate as a member of a multidisciplinary team. 
Excellent work record and attendance, and physical ability to perform the duties of the position. 
Competencies in other languages an asset, French preferred 
 Please Note: 
If the minimum experience is not available, a training position option will be considered for qualified candidates. Candidates will be approved to embark in the training position through an interview process. 
 The candidate must have: 
Master's Degree in Social Work or Psychology with a specialization in a clinical mental health and/ or addiction stream from an accredited university. 
Minimum of two years' experience in the last 10 years in an inpatient/outpatient Addictions setting. Consideration will be given for previous work, practicum and volunteer experiences. 
 PLEASE NOTE:  Applicants relying on education and experience equivalencies must clearly state such equivalencies in their cover letter, resume, or application. Additionally, candidates will not be considered for an interview if applications are incomplete or are missing information 
 Hours of Work 
 Long Assignment, Full Time (100%) Position; 75 hours bi-weekly 
Beginning January 18, 2021 with an anticipated end date of Feburary 2, 2022 
Dates are subject to change 
 Some evening and occasional weekend work required 
Travel to various sites may be required 
 Salary Information 
 Clinical Therapist: 
$34.9873 - $45.9942 Hourly 
 Thank you for your interest in this position. Only those applicants selected for an interview will be contacted. Typically interviews are held within three to four weeks of the closing date. 
 This is a Healthcare bargaining unit - NSGEU position. Preference is given to bargaining unit employees for unionized positions. Employees are encouraged to view their seniority hours and dates in their SuccessFactors online profile. Successful applicants changing unions, bargaining units or employment status, are advised to seek clarification regarding their seniority, benefits, and vacation entitlement and/or usage, prior to accepting the position. 
 Nova Scotia Health Authority is proud to provide a smoke free and scent free environment. Only online applications are accepted. 
 Nova Scotia Health Authority (NSHA) is committed to being a workforce that is free of discrimination, values diversity and is representative, at all job levels, of the people we serve. Our priority groups are Aboriginal People, African Nova Scotians, Persons with Disabilities and Recent Immigrants. Members of these groups are welcome to apply and self-identify if they wish to be considered under our Employment Equity policy. 
 Follow us on Facebook - https://www.facebook.com/NSHA.Recruitment/ 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
