
 About Kuyperian Commentary 
 About the Authors 
 
  The Kuyperian Commentary  
 Politics, Economics, Culture, and Theology with a Biblical Viewpoint 
 
 Archive for the category "Jobs" 
  07 Jun 2013  
 We are what we Worship: Idols and their Makers 
 by  Uri Brito 
 
 Calvin c. 1554. 
 Human beings are a marketable people. Those who shop around for us see our lifestyles and develop an entire strategy aimed at purchasing our wants at an exceedingly rapid speed. But not only are we easily bought, we are also very creative. We are idol-makers, to quote Calvin’s famous line. We are industrious, and the consequences of our hard work are a boost to the Baal factories and stock. 
 Unfortunately, this type of productivity is not encouraging. St. John quietly, but forcefully exhorted us in the last verse of I John to keep ourselves from idols. We have not heeded the apostle’s words. We have approached the idols and bargained with them about producing an entire new line of idol fashion and idol currency. We take the idol money and invest it into our own companies. We are good at what we do. In fact, we produce the best idols in town. We make them in all colors and shapes. We sell them at a discount during the Christmas holidays. All we want is for everyone to share in our pleasures. We make idols and the idols make us. We are what we worship. The more we consume the more marketable we become for the more sophisticated idol seller. We become like the gods. We treasure their style. They roam around speechless and blind, and we perceive that to be the new fad. 
 Read more… 
 Posted by Uri Brito in  Culture ,  Jobs ,  Liberty ,  Lordship ,  Trinity ,  Worship  and tagged  2nd commandment ,  ashteroth ,  baal ,  christmas holidays ,  Church ,  colors and shapes ,  dagon ,  idols ,  religion ,  tags ,  theology  |  Leave a comment 
  02 May 2013  
 The Pseudo-Capitalist Border Patrol: With friends like this the free market doesn't need any more enemies 
 
 The debate is raging over whether the latest immigration bill is an amnesty for illegal immigrants, but one part is clear: The legislation would forgive businesses that have employed those immigrants illegally. 
 
 via  Immigration bill grants amnesty to employers of illegals; no prosecution for bogus IDs - Washington Times . 
 It is amazing to see the same people who, day and night, scream and moan against business regulation and Obama's socialism, suddenly act as if this is some sort of "smoking gun" proving the evil nature of immigration reform. 
 Restricting who a business can hire is an inefficient regulation that hurts consumers. I can't say as a Christian that I condone breaking the law in such as case, but then, if this law passes, the lawbreaking will be dealt with by the highest civil authority. Paul's directions in Romans 13 will have been followed.  Read more… 
 Posted by Mark Horne in  Free Market ,  Immigration ,  Jobs  |  Leave a comment 
  13 Feb 2013  
 4 Comments 
 Obama's State of the Union, Minimum Wage: More Bricks with Less Straw 
 Capitalism is not a system to be promoted or evaded. Capitalism is a fact. Capitalism is the way it works. Capitalism means: when the scale goes up on one side, it goes down on the other. Our love of law making to fix economics is the obsession with the irrational idea that you can push down on both sides of the scale at once without breaking the scale. 
 In Tuesday's State of the Union address, the president said he wants us to raise the federal minimum wage to $9. 
 Hurray, we can buy more stuff! Like… apples. 
 If I have an apple, and you want to buy it, will you be surprised if at the register I tell you, "They've raised the price to nine dollars." You say, "Is that what you want to sell it for?" 
 No, I say. No one can afford to buy them now. So I am having to throw out all my apples as they go bad. 
 When two people are trading at a price they negotiate for themselves like grown ups, and the buyer is forced to buy at a higher price, it will hurt the seller. The seller cannot sell $9 apples. Since the buyer is forced to buy them at a high price, he won't buy, so the seller is harmed. But don't get confused about the analogy, listen carefully to who the buyer and seller are. 
 In work and wage - the business owner is the buyer. Stores are hoping to buy some hourly work from a worker. The worker is the seller. Of course, we are used to thinking that workers are victims. But they are only victims where they aren't free. Like slaves in Egypt. Rather, in a free society, workers are business people who sell labor to businesses that buy the product of work. Sellers, though, are the ones hurt by the intrusion of a minimum hike. Stores can't afford as much work so the seller (the worker) is the one who is hurt - and that means higher minimums would hurt workers. As we said, in non-free societies, workers become victims. Minimum wage is a mathematical Pharaonic brick policy 
 It is simple math - more money for the same work equals less work for the same money. They will cut your work. 
 Suddenly, the business doesn't have a choice, they have to charge workers nine dollars an hour (if they were to get that hike through congress). But they would have to alter something to deal with the effects of such a change, because they would have to pay more without more income. This means less hours assigned to workers. More bricks… less straw. The extra money has to come from somewhere. It will come from the hours of workers. It will come from the quality of products they can afford to buy from vendors to sell to the public. The higher minimum will obstruct the people who have jobs to offer; it will starve the people who are hungry for jobs. Companies will offer less jobs. The higher minimum wage hurts the very workers it purports to protect. 
 When the scale goes up on one side, it goes down on the other. 
 By the way, we are promised you would have more cash in your pocket. But those dollars would be spent by you in some store that now would have to comply with a higher minimum. Stores don't just pass on these "savings" to their workers - they also pass them on to their customers. The most logical place for the business to recoup the difference in P&L is from you. The prices will go up. The hours worked by workers will go down. (So customer service will incidentally hurt as well). 
 And this movement is understandable, because the market IS free in a way, even under duress of big government intrusion. Capitalism is a fact. The market may get told what to do, but it will retain a mathematical balance on its own. Bernoulli tells us that if you squeeze the back end of the toothpaste tube, paste will come out the other. You may call that tightening up the system. But you could just as well call it bleeding the system. When the scale goes up on one side, it goes down on the other. 
 Listen, friends. If you make hourly wages, and if you make minimum, then I hope you can do better and better for yourself. But know that pushing down on businesses is not going to hurt the businesses. It will hurt you, the worker. If you make minimum wage, you need to know that raising the minimum wage is one of the worst things that could happen to you. You will get a bump, but then you will get laid off. Or just cut back. And then the prices will rise against your cut-hour paycheck. 
 We could stop voting for Pharaoh's mathemagicians. But that would mean finding the candidate who promised less stuff. And since we don't understand the scale, we think that promising less government enforced and funded stuff means we would get less stuff. But less intrusion means more freedom. Less intrusion means improvement of general welfare. And we love to hear big promises. 
 Pharaoh makes big buildings. And he promises big promises. But whenever you hear Pharaoh promising you so many more bricks, remember that you're the one making them. 
 Posted by lukeawelch in  Economics ,  Free Market ,  Jobs ,  State of the Union  and tagged  $9 ,  Economics ,  Free Market ,  Minimum Wage ,  Obama ,  State of the Union 
  10 Nov 2012  
 The President has the power to buy voters and everyone knows it 
 This  is an excellent analysis of how much can be wasted over wishful thinking. But it also pretty much spells out the producers v. dependents scenario that most Conservative/Libertarians fear (which I guess slipped through in the article because it was off topic). I'd love to get the writer in a room and ask him some questions about what he thinks this all means. 
 
 Romney advisers say it was impossible to compete against Obama’s huge war chest. They also envy  his ability to leverage the presidency for his campaign . Young voters were told about  new provisions for student loans  and Obama’s support for same-sex marriage, an issue that appeals to young voters. Hispanic voters were wooed by the president’s plan to waive the deportation of children of illegal immigrants. One Romney aide also included  the much-debated changes to welfare requirements as a policy aimed to win over African-American voters . “It was like they had a calendar,” said one Romney aide. With each month, the Obama administration rolled out a new policy for a different segment of their coalition they hoped to attract. 
 
 via  Why Romney was surprised to lose: His campaign had the wrong numbers, bad assumptions, and underestimated Barack Obama’s campaign team. - Slate Magazine . 
 Conservatives have two things (humanly speaking) going for them. 
 1. Hatred of slavery . Romney didn't believe in this. He figured if the 47% didn't pay taxes/or were dependent (which? I was never clear on this). But while more dependency will obviously favor the giver of gifts, it isn't going to be that great experience for everyone. Some will hate it. If they get the idea that the government has destroyed the economy and is benefiting from that destruction by moving more people into dependency, we have every reason to hope for a backlash. 
 2. Greece  Benefits are only attractive when the government actually gives them to the people who are voting for them. Obama is gambling that he can spend and spend some more and not feel the repercussions while he is still in office. Maybe he will make it and escape offshore after he leaves office. But there is a debt Doomsday about to hit. Republicans have contributed to that horrible situation, but Obama has made their sins look almost insignificant. We need to put out a consistent message so when the Obamalypse hits, everyone knows its name. 
 As a Christian, there is also a lot more to do. But on the level of appealing to a secular culture on economic issues, I think these two points are really important. 
 (This article derived from  a slightly longer version  at  my website .) 
 Posted by Mark Horne in  Economics ,  Healthcare ,  Jobs ,  Libertarianism ,  Politics ,  Poverty ,  Ron Paul ,  Taxes ,  Voting  |  Leave a comment 
  20 Jun 2012  
 9 Billion Dollars Equals 910 Jobs 
 CNS News reports: 
 
 The Obama administration distributed $9 billion in economic “stimulus” funds to solar and wind projects in 2009-11 that created, as the end result, 910 “direct” jobs -- annual operation and maintenance positions -- meaning that it cost about $9.8 million to establish each of those long-term jobs. { Read the entire piece } 
 
 Posted by Uri Brito in  Jobs  |  Leave a comment 
 Post Navigation 
 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 3,433 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 We have moved to kuyperian.com 
 WE HAVE MOVED!!!! 
 A Short History of the Wearing of Clerical Collars in the Presbyterian Tradition 
 An Exhortation on the Supreme Court Decision 
 Satanists Distance Themselves from Abortionists 
 
 
 
 Kuyperian Authors 
 
   Aaron W Eley 
   Adam McIntosh 
   Uri Brito 
   Justin Donathan 
   lukeawelch 
   Marc Hays 
   Mark Horne 
   Matt Bianco 
   Tim LeCroy 
   Peter Jones 
   Father Steve Macias 
   thomaskidd538118793 
   Sean Johnson 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 May 2014 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 
 August 2011 
 July 2011 
 June 2011 
 May 2011 
 April 2011 
 March 2011 
 May 2009 
 January 2008 
 December 2007 
 November 2007 
 October 2007 
 September 2007 
 August 2007 
 July 2007 
 June 2007 
 May 2007 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 abortion 
 Abraham Kuyper 
 Aesthetics 
 American History 
 Anglo-Saxon 
 Anthropology 
 Apologetics 
 Banks 
 Bible 
 Birth Certificate 
 Blogroll 
 Book Review 
 Books 
 Brief Commentary 
 Calvinism/Reformed Theology 
 Candidates 
 Child rearing 
 Childrearing 
 Children 
 Church Calendar 
 Church History 
 City of God 
 Civil Liberties 
 Commentary 
 Concerns 
 Constitution 
 Copyright 
 Covenant 
 Culture 
 Current Events 
 Dar al Islam 
 Debate 
 Delegates 
 Drones 
 Drug Legalization 
 Drug Trafficking 
 Early America 
 Economics 
 Education 
 Endorsement 
 Eschatology 
 ethics 
 Eucharist 
 Family 
 Federal Reserve 
 Film 
 Fiscal Cliff 
 Food 
 Foreign Policy 
 Founder 
 Founder's Note 
 Francis Schaeffer 
 Free Market 
 Freedom 
 Future 
 George Will 
 Gold Standard 
 Guns 
 Halloween 
 Healthcare 
 Holidays/Celebrations 
 Homosexual Agenda 
 Homosexuality 
 Immigration 
 Islam 
 Jesse Ventura 
 Jobs 
 Just War 
 Kingdom of God 
 Latest News/Summary Report 
 Lecture 
 Lent 
 Liberal Arts 
 Libertarianism 
 Liberty 
 Lordship 
 Marriage 
 Mathematics 
 Media/Technology 
 Missions 
 Money Bomb 
 Mormonism 
 Morning Joe 
 Movie Review 
 Neo-Cons 
 New Kingdom Almanac 
 News 
 News/Update 
 Note 
 Pat Buchanan 
 Patrick Henry 
 Philosophy of Government 
 Podcast 
 Poetry 
 Politics 
 Polls 
 Pope 
 Positions 
 Poverty 
 Prayer 
 President 
 Prison 
 Pro-Life 
 Pro-Life/Personhood 
 PTSD 
 Puritanism 
 Puritans 
 Quotes 
 Rand Paul 
 Religion 
 Religion/ Freedom of Religion/Faith 
 Republicanism 
 Resources 
 Ron Paul 
 Sanctions 
 Satire 
 Security 
 Sex 
 Shrove Tuesday/Lenten Season 
 Social Media 
 State of the Union 
 Straw Polls 
 Taxes 
 Technology/Internet 
 The Arts 
 The Presbyterian Rebellion 
 The War Between the States 
 The War for Independence 
 Theology 
 Third Parties 
 Thomas Jefferson 
 Tribute 
 Trinity 
 Uncategorized 
 Update 
 Voting 
 War 
 White Horse 
 Worship 
 Youtube 
 
 
 
 * [RSS - Posts](https://kuyperiancommentary.wordpress.com/feed/ "Subscribe to Posts")
 
 
 RSS - Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Bible   Books   Brief Commentary   Candidates   Church History   Civil Liberties   Constitution   Culture   Debate   Economics   Education   Foreign Policy   Freedom   Libertarianism   Philosophy of Government   Politics   Polls   Positions   President   Pro-Life   Pro-Life/Personhood   Quotes   Rand Paul   Religion   Ron Paul   Theology   Uncategorized   Voting   War   Youtube 
 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Top Clicks 
 
 kuyperiancommentary.files… 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 abortion   Abraham Kuyper   America   american   anarchy   anti-abortion   atheism   Barack Obama   bible   Books   bush   C.S. Lewis   Catholic   christ   Christian   Church   conservative   constitution   culture   current-events   democrat   douglas wilson   easter   Economics   economy   education   election   Ethics   facebook   Filibuster   Foreign Policy   freedom   gay marriage   George Grant   government   History   human-rights   Islam   james b jordan   Jesus   Lent   liberal   libertarian   libertarianism   liberty   Life   limited government   marriage   minarchy   mitt romney   Obama   Peter Leithart   politics   prayer   presbyterian   president   pro-choice   pro-life   rand paul   refuting anarchy   religion   republican   Resurrection   roe v. wade   Romney   ron paul   Statism   tea party   theology   third party   Thomas Kidd   Trinity   voting   war   Worship 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
