12 
 
 Responsive Web Design Studio 
 Let us build it better 
 WordPress Design & Development 
 HTML5 and Mobile sites 
 Design for Startups 
 Beautiful WordPress Websites 
 Our process gets results 
 We make you look good 
 
 about 
 
 services 
 process 
 
 
 portfolio 
 
 featured work 
 recent work 
 
 
 labs 
 
 chemical reactions 
 observatory 
 
 
 contact 
 
 work with us 
 social scene 
 
 
 
     
 The Wisdom of Steve Jobs 
 March 8, 2012 In  observatory 
 As a lifelong Apple computer user I recently felt compelled to read the Steve Jobs Biography. The book caught me off guard with the openness about Steve's early life and the behind-the-scenes dialogues with Bill Gates and Apple's internal struggles. Below I've summarized a few of the insights I gained from Steve while reading the book. 
 Insight 
 Form Follows Emotion 
 This is a version of the popular Bauhaus design principle - 'form follows function'. The Bauhaus principle can be seen everywhere from architecture, vehicles, computers and nature. But Steve's unique twist is that  form follows emotion . To me this means that Job's wanted people to have an emotional reaction to his products. He accomplished this through branding - both product designs, and brilliant marketing campaigns. The iconic 1984 Apple ad, and the later iPod and iPhone commercials helped to associate apple products with emotional reactions. 
 A Successful Company Needs 2 Types of Founders: A Geek and a Hippie 
 This is valuable insight into Steve's philosophy in life and business. Steve realized that 2 opposite view points are needed to aide in creative collaboration. In this case, the geek might view the world in terms of science and numbers - while the hippie might have a more creative and free interpretation of the world. This juxtaposition of view points can create a fertile ground for ideas, and Steve often leveraged this to create great products. 
 Your Users are Not Always Right 
 Steve thought that most people don't know what they want until you show it to them. Conventional wisdom says you should study your users and their demographics & potential reactions. Steve took a much more risky and possibly arrogant approach. Jobs knew that in order to create the  next big thing  you need to focus on your vision instead of worrying what people will think about it. This approach has a much higher chance of failure (it almost doomed apple once), but if the gamble pays off… well, look at Apple now. 
 On the Desire for a Complete Symbioses of Hardware and Software 
 Steve's philosophy was that if hardware and software weren't perfectly built for each other, that there would be inconsistency in the products. In order to take product integrity to the extreme Steve decided to create a closed development platform. It might be the smartest business move ever, and also one aspect that turns some users away. 
 Apple on Design 
 Jonny Ive and Apple Design 
 Jonny Ive helped shape Apple more than anyone, with the exception of Jobs. Ive's intense dedication to product design elevated Apple's perceived quality. Jobs saw Ive's brilliance and attention to detail, and trusted his opinion more so than any other colleague. At times Jobs may have even claimed Ive's ideas as his own. This may not have been malicious but possibly because Jobs considered Ive's solutions and thinking to be brilliant since there were so similar to his own. 
 Steve's Background in Art & Design 
 Steve was mostly taught about mechanics from his father who worked on many cars. But in this process Steve came to understand the beauty and function of each design element. This taught him about attention to detail and that even the unseen parts need to be designed well. In college, Steve also cites a calligraphy class as having a huge impact on his design aesthetic. The idea of line thickness and fluidity re-inforced the idea that computer fonts should not be restricted to one or two typefaces. 
 Influence of Zen Buddhism & Bauhaus on Product Design 
 One of Zen Buddhism's core principles is that the mind is most sharp when it is in a state of 'no mind'. The idea is that to be focused means having as little distractions as possible. This aligns with the Bauhaus movement of 'less is more'. The idea translates to many of Apple's flagship products: the iPod, iPad and iPhone were all designed so that the user experience was effortless. 
 Influence of Pixar 
 After being thrown out of Apple, the company he founded - Steve didn't know what do to. His first idea was the NeXT computer system. He also became interested in Pixar and helped them create business deals with Disney. Pixar suffered rough times, but Jobs was able to learn from his experience at Apple and build Pixar into a major power. 
 John Lasseter at Pixar seemed to have a profound experience on Jobs. Lasseter was a master artist and operated with a calmness that really spoke to the idea of zen. More than anything, Jobs gained an amazing amount of insight from working with a true artist. Jobs was always the business mentor, but Lasseter was the artistic mentor who helped inform Jobs design aesthetic and shape the way that Jobs would work with future creatives. He learned that creatives need to be treated a bit different in order to create truly great products and designs 
 In Closing 
 Steve Jobs was a man who knew that inventing the next big thing meant relying on his instincts and vision, instead of simply reacting to what people wanted. His ability to solve problems and create simple and universal solutions was more important than any business sense he had. Steve could see talent, build teams and motivate them to have a cult like mentality. He became a master of collaborating with designers and crafted the Apple brand to have an emotional response that few brands can match 
 As I reflect on the book I see many valuable lessons for designers, developers, entrepreneurs, startups, technology companies and the future of the digital medium. Thanks for everything Steve. 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Comment 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 
 
 
   
 
 
 twitter 
 
 
 contact 
 
 
 about 
 
 services 
 process 
 
 
 
 portfolio 
 
 recent work 
 featured work 
 
 
 
 labs 
 
 chemical reactions 
 the observatory 
 
 
 
 contact 
 
 work with us 
 social scene 
 
 
 
 Work By Simon Moves to Houston Station! 
 We are proud to announce that in late 2014 we relocated to a historic building, Houston Station in Nashville, TN Why the new location? Houston Station is an historic building from the late 1800's. When we first viewed the space […] 
 more » 
 We've Recently Launched a New Agency: DesignUps! 
 (C)2021 workbysimon // All Rights Reserved  Site Map  &  site info 
 Site built using Responsive Design, HTML5, CSS3 & Wordpress 
