Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 How to Turn Stress into Productivity 
 Mike Martin    19th December    Health   Leave a Comment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=How%20to%20Turn%20Stress%20into%20Productivity%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fyour-job%2Fmanage-stress%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 We all know that  stress  is bad for us, right? 
 Maybe not. 
 Now both researchers and  management  experts are recognizing that some stress can actually be good for us too. 
 That’s right; some stress can lead to enhanced performance, improved productivity and allow us to complete tasks and projects that we thought were impossible. 
 So what can we do to manage stress and turn it into  productivity ? 
 High Levels of Stress 
 But first of all, the bad news. All of us are collectively feeling more stressed out at work these days. 
 A recent survey by the Nielsen Company, a polling company in the United States, found that 80 percent of all American workers reported  high levels of stress  at work. 
 Some of this was directly related to the current downturn in the economy and the need for companies to do more with less. But some of it also reflected the tightrope that many workers are walking as they try to  balance  the demands on them from both work and family responsibilities. 
 This increased stress is certainly not all good, and the impact is being felt throughout the workplace as more employees  burn out  or suffer from one of the many health-related issues and illnesses that can be caused by too much stress. 
 This includes an increased chance of heart disease and strokes, anxiety, clinical depression and other  mental illness . There is a direct and obvious cost of high stress to both employees’ health and the business’ bottom line. 
 Some Stress = Productivity 
 The good news is that at least some of this stress might actually be driving improved production and productivity at some of these same corporations where staff are reporting being stressed out. 
 Scientists have long known that human beings have a capacity for  peak performance , and if they can be taught or trained to hit that high point, they can do unbelievable things. They also have learned that if they go over that line, like an athlete who trains too hard, they lose effectiveness and may even suffer severe consequences. 
 More than one hundred years ago two psychologists, Robert Yerkes and John Dodson codified these ideas into a law that was named after them. The  Yerkes-Dodson law  can actually be drawn out on a graph that predicts the peak performance in any scenario. 
 Now researchers are trying to translate that law into behaviour patterns for not only elite athletes to use but also to help the rest of us perform at our best at work. The basis for those behavior patterns is so we harness our  anxiety  and stress to go along with our best efforts to achieve that peak performance. 
 Finding the Right Mix 
 In practice that means we have to try to find the right combination to achieve that effect. For most of us, it will be a trial and error process. We will need to test ourselves to find out how much pressure keeps us  motivated  and what the key tipping points are, where once we pass them, we begin to lose steam. 
 It will also need regular monitoring and updating as new events and new challenges emerge. But over time we will begin to see what helps us get to our peak performance and how we can stay there as long as possible. 
 But just as important as knowing what helps us is to  recognize  what hinders us or holds us back. For many of us that means we have to look at getting rid of or reducing the unnecessary and harmful stress that can easily build up, both at home and at work. 
 Managing and Lowering Stress 
 At home we need to make sure that we have a  relaxing  and comfortable environment to return to at the end of the day. This is important so that we cannot just unwind, but recharge our batteries that are likely going to be exhausted as we reach for our peak at work. 
 Achieving that peak performance also means that we have to take care of our bodies when we are not at work. Like professional athletes, we need  regular training  to keep our bodies and minds in top shape. 
 That will allow us to better manage the stressors that sap our energy at work and more easily convert the pressure into fuel that we can harness for production later. It also includes the basics of bad stress reduction:  eating properly , not overindulging in alcohol, and finding some form of healthy relaxation other than watching television. 
 If we can do all of these things on a regular basis we can not only live with the stress and pressure of work, we can actually start to enjoy it more. Making stress work for you will take a little effort, but in the long run both you and  your boss  will be happier that you did. 
 (   Photo   by Techniker Krankenkasse /   CC BY   ) 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 good and bad stress (1) 
 
 
 healthy balance (2) 
 
 
 manage stress (1) 
 
 
 stress (34) 
 
 
 work stress (42) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Mike Martin  |  Website  |  Other Articles 
 Mike Martin is a freelance writer and consultant specializing in workplace wellness and conflict resolution. He is the author of  Change the Things You Can  (Dealing with Difficult People). For more information about Mike please visit:  Change the Things You Can 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     How to Ask for a Raise & Get It  
  _ _     5 Awesome Research Tools for Freelancers (and Everyone Else)   
  _ _     10 Time-Saving Tips for Better Google Search Results  
 
 Discussion 
 
 0 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 No Comments yet, be the first! 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
