Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 COVID screener / janitorial staff 
 Kelly Services 
 __Madoc, ON 
 Apply Now 
 We’re looking for a COVID screener / janitorial staff to assist a client for a 9-10 day period, beginning December 11. Your main responsibility will be working from a site trailer to monitor the arrival and departure of contractors during a maintenance shut-down. 
 Responsibilities 
 
 Complete COVID screening questions and assessment with each person who enters 
 assist with site janitorial duties as required though the day (ie sanitizing high touch areas, cleaning washrooms, lunch rooms, etc) 
 
 Positions Details 
 
 This is a 9-10 day assignment, beginning December 11 
 Work hours begin at 6am; 12 hr shifts 
 Work will be based from a job site trailer; safety shoes are preferred 
 Pay rate: $15.00 + 4% vacation pay 
 
 About Us 
Kelly connects talented people to companies in need of their skills in areas including Office, Contact Center, Light Industrial, Science, Engineering, and more. We’re always thinking about what’s next in the evolving world of work, and we help people ditch the script on old ways of thinking and embrace the value of all workstyles in the workplace. We directly employ nearly 500,000 people around the world, and we connect thousands more with work through our global network of talent suppliers and partners in our outsourcing and consulting practice. Visit kellyservices.com and let us help with what’s next for you. 
 Kelly Services (Canada) Ltd., is committed to providing accommodations for people with disabilities in all parts of the hiring process as required under its Employment Accommodation Policy. Kelly will work with applicants to meet accommodation needs that are made known to Kelly in advance. 
 Contract length: 10 days 
 Expected start date: 2020-12-11 
 Job Types: Full-time, Temporary 
 Salary: $15.00 per hour 
 Schedule: 
 
 12 hour shift 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 COVID-19 Precaution(s): 
 
 Personal protective equipment provided or required 
 Plastic shield at work stations 
 Temperature screenings 
 Social distancing guidelines in place 
 Sanitizing, disinfecting, or cleaning procedures in place 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
