Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Housekeeper 
 Chartwell Retirement Residences 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Interested in a career that makes a meaningful difference in the lives of others? One where you are valued and respected, listened to, and empowered to live up to your potential? If so, Chartwell Retirement Residences is the place for you. 
 We are always looking for empathetic, positive and passionate individuals committed to Making People's Lives Better. With over 200 residences across Canada, we have an opportunity for you that will make a difference in your life. 
 The Housekeeper performs a variety of housekeeping duties to ensure the residence is maintained in a safe, clean and sanitary condition. 
 The responsibilities of the role include but are not limited to: 
 Cleans and disinfects all common areas including dining room, bathrooms, lounges, activity areas, offices, hallways, stairways and other areas as directed; 
Cleans and disinfects resident suites including telephone, furniture, kitchen and washroom fixtures, walls, ceilings, lights, vents, mirrors and windows; 
Dusts furniture and equipment; 
Sweeps, scrubs, waxes, and polishes floors, using brooms, mops and/or powered scrubbing and waxing machine; 
Vacuums and cleans/shampoos carpeted areas; 
Performs cleaning duties according to established procedures; 
Empties and cleans all waste containers and transports garbage to designated area; 
Makes up beds and changes linen as required; 
Straightens and rearranges furnishings as directed; 
Maintains utility and store rooms in a tidy and sanitary condition; 
Reports any damaged or unusable furniture and fixtures; 
Performs laundry duties as required (sorting, washing, drying, ironing, folding and delivering clean linen and clothing); 
Attends in-service education sessions, staff meetings, workshops, etc. as required; 
Performs other related duties as required. 
 The ideal candidates will possess: 
Previous housekeeping experience is preferred but not mandatory; 
Completion of secondary school education or equivalent; 
First Aid & CPR Certificate preferred; 
Excellent interpersonal skills; 
Good listening skills and the ability to follow instructions; 
Ability to work independently with minimal supervision; 
Excellent time management skills; 
Effective communication skills (both written and verbal); 
Ability to meet the physical requirements of the job. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
