Lisa Lazuli Astrology 
 Doing Astrology Right 
   
 Skip to content 
 Main menu 
 
 Lisa Lazuli's Books 
 Political Astrology 
 Lisa Lazuli's Vlogs 
 About 
 
 career astrology 
 Post navigation 
 Daily Horoscope May 24, 2018 
 Posted by  lisalazuli 
 0 
 ARIES 
 Love  - Gossip and hearsay can give rise to misconceptions and misunderstanding so make sure you get your facts right before you fly off the handle. 
 Career  - For those who work in big companies there is the chance to make a good impression which can affect promotion later in the year. Teachers can be highly effective this month and you will have an impact on your students’ lives by making education more relevant and practical. 
 Health  - You are in a frugal mood and ready for some austerity for the sake of your bank balance or your waistline. Watch out for low blood sugar, but otherwise you should feel fit and healthy. 
 TAURUS 
 Love  - Be really clear on who you are and what you stand for, and do not be tempted to sit on the fence – you may not realise it, but others are just not ‘getting you’ right now. 
 Career  - You will have pause for thought after something a parent says to you unexpectedly, and it may cause you to hold back on a decision or plans for later this month. 
 Health  - There is no substitute for discipline and skill and so on the sporting fields as well as for those who do tricky work with their hands, back to the practice ‘field’ – don’t forget the basics. 
 GEMINI 
 Love  - This is an exciting time for your social life and also for budding romance. You are, however, a little naïve in love, and while you are romantic and very open to new relationship experiences, you should be a little more cynical and perhaps hold back the emotions until things become clearer. 
 Career  - This period coming will see strong new friendships formed, and you will be inclined to join groups and participate in joint activities that have scientific, humanitarian and social focus. 
 Health  - It is important not to let things drift in terms of diet plans just because you have lost a few or are feeling better; you need to keep on top of things, and that means making notes, to-do lists and keeping a diary of calories or treat days. 
 CANCER 
 Love  - It is very important for you to think before you speak and to be careful of revealing any Achilles heels you have to anyone who may seek to manipulate you. 
 Career  - It is not a great time for flamboyant or exciting new ventures, but more of a consolidation period of tidying up and re-ordering your work life. 
 Health  - Curiosity killed the cat is a very apt cliché for – while you are extremely alert and perceptive, some things should be left untouched. 
 LEO 
 Love  - Values are very important to you right now, and you will be firm on setting an example to your children via the way you and your partner communicate, resolve issues and react to problems. 
 Career  - There will be many changes at work in terms of new systems, new locations, new technology; this can cause a great deal of upheaval and changes in terms of the power structure at work. 
 Health  - You need to be more open to what is causing your health issues from a psychological, pathological and dietary perspective to be able to acknowledge when you and you alone can take action and make changes. 
 VIRGO 
 Love  - It is also a time when you cannot underestimate the value of silence or of holding back. It may be more about what you don’t say than what you do say. 
 Career  - Work alone is favoured as work in teams can be very frustrating for you and also inhibiting. If you have a choice whether to work independently or with someone – choose to be independent. 
 Health  - Energy can come and go, and you need to conserve strength and build yourself up with nutritious food and rest. 
 LIBRA 
 Love  - Although your sexual energy and desire are high, you may fulfil your sexual needs more via fantasy and escapism through art and music than through physical contact. 
 Career  - Regroup, rethink and reassess is the key, you may just want to pick up where you left off yesterday, but things have changed subtly, and you need to take stock. 
 Health  - Going your own way and making independent decisions is not straightforward and often it is family pressures or values that will have the final say. 
 SCORPIO 
 Love  - What Scorpio says goes – your partner will have a very hard time convincing you of anything as once your mind is made up you will not be changing it. 
 Career  - Don’t shoot the messenger – make sure you aim any frustrations and complaints you have at the source of the problem. 
 Health  - Stay away from heated debates; you just do not need the hassle, and you can be drawn into time-consuming arguments that do not go anywhere. 
 SAGITARIUS 
 Love  - It is within relationships that you feel the most relaxed as they are an area where things feel stable, despite all the stress of everything else in your daily life. 
 Career  - Do not jump the gun or rush anything for the sake of getting it done as you may merely have to redo it or you may even regret doing it. 
 Health  - Drink more water and even try alkaline or distilled water to kick start your health if you are suffering from ailments or aches and pains. 
 CAPRICORN 
 Love  - The important things in relationships are shared goals and a philosophical approach to life. The more you can relate regarding your overall approach to life in terms of your ideals and vision for the future, the more your relationship solidifies. 
 Career  - You should not attempt to control everything in your work environment – some things have to be left to develop, and you should not get obsessed with tweaking and changing. 
 Health  - This a great time to begin to get rid of inhibitions or feelings of inadequacy that block your self-expression. An excellent time for psychoanalysis, whether you go for counselling or investigate your feelings via literature. 
 AQUARIUS 
 Love  - You need to address issues of control: you may be acting more controlling than you realise, and you may need to take a step back. 
 Career  - You are very realistic now, which will enable you to take a long hard look at things and decide where to go next – decisions right now tend to be logical, not idealistic. 
 Health  - It may be addictions, compulsions or buried emotions, but you need to get back that power and redirect the energy that you waste feeding those negative behaviour patterns. 
 PISCES 
 Love  - You can be quite sarcastic and abrupt at times as you are likely to be impatient with people who do not make an effort to understand you or who are superficial. 
 Career  - You need to be able to lock into your core competencies and knowhow to keep the distractions which personality conflicts can create on the periphery, not allowing them to become obstacles. 
 Health  - While advice from a medical professional can be helpful, you need to be sure that the relationship stays informal and does not become one where advice giving morphs into control. 
 Posted in  astrology 
 Tagged  aquarius ,  astrology ,  career astrology ,  daily horoscopes ,  free daily horoscope ,  horoscopes ,  love ,  pisces horoscope 
 May*24 
 Post navigation 
 Lisa J Gordon 
 
 Lisa J Gordon 
 
 Follow Lisa Lazuli Astrology on WordPress.com  Search 
 Recent Posts 
 
 USA Natal Chart and Astrology Predictions 
 The Chinese Century - Are we at checkmate?? 
 Secrets of New Mexico and Jeffry Epstein's Zorro Ranch 
 Bill Clinton Natal Chart and Astrology Prediction 
 Robin Tilbrooke and seeking judicial review for Covid 19 Legislation 
 
 Lisa Lazuli Astrloger 
 
 Lisa Lazuli Astrloger 
 
 Next of Sin - in Kindle and Paperback 
 Archives 
 
 August 2020 
 June 2020 
 May 2020 
 January 2020 
 December 2019 
 November 2019 
 August 2019 
 July 2019 
 June 2019 
 May 2019 
 April 2019 
 February 2019 
 January 2019 
 August 2018 
 June 2018 
 May 2018 
 April 2018 
 March 2018 
 February 2018 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 
 Categories 
 
 astrology 
 book review 
 Books 
 politics 
 Uncategorized 
 Weight Loss with Juice Plus 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Goodreads 
 Flickr Photos 
 
  More Photos  
 ASTROLOGY READINGS 
 Click Here! 
 Follow Lisa Lazuli Astrology on WordPress.com 
 Next of Sin 
 Amazon.co.uk Widgets 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
