
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 Mighty Buildings (W18) 
 Affordable and sustainable housing using 3D printing and robotics. 
 Sales Representative/Associate 
 
 Location 
 Los Angeles, CA 
 Job Type 
 Full-time 
 Experience 
 3+ years 
 About Mighty Buildings 
 Mighty Buildings is a stealth-mode VC-backed startup based in Oakland, CA. Founded on the vision of a world where technology helps to unlock productivity within the construction industry to address the affordable housing crisis, 
 Mighty Buildings was founded by a team of physicists and robotics engineers with extensive experience solving hard R&D problems and building successful engineering firms. They started by inventing a new material and 3D printing tech that enabled printing of an entire building, not just walls, in a single cycle. Unlike concrete, Mighty Buildings’ material is lighter, can be uniquely treated (trimmed and cut) by robotic arms, and features high thermal insulation properties. This allows them to produce prefab housing with up to 80% of operations automated. 
 About the role 
 Mighty Buildings is a provider of automated solutions for modern home building, launched out of stealth on August 5th, 2020. The company, which graduated from Y Combinator in winter 2018, has raised a total of $30 million from Khosla Ventures, Y Combinator, SV Angel, CoreVC, and others. Mighty Buildings is working on disrupting the residential construction industry with 3D printing tech and unique composite materials. Our 3D printing technology allows us to produce modular houses at a significant reduction in cost than traditional construction. 
 We are looking for an energized Sales Representative to join our team in Los Angeles area. Sales Representative will be responsible for qualifying leads by making outbound calls and sending emails to prospective customers. The Sales Representative will be responsible for scheduling tours and meeting face to face. 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Cold-calling prospects via phone and email daily. 
 Building and maintaining a pipeline in CRM. 
 Scheduling face to face visits with clients. 
 Educating prospective customers about the Mighty Buildings product and value proposition. 
 
 Requirements: 
 
 Bachelor's degree required; previous experience in sales, prospecting, or cold-calling a plus! 
 1-2 years of sales or similar experience 
 Excellent communication skills, especially over the phone. 
 Competitive nature with a desire to exceed goals. 
 Experience using a CRM platform. 
 Ability to work in a team environment 
 Ability to multitask and work well under pressure and deadlines 
 Able to work at least 3-4 days a week, including Saturdays 
 
 Technology 
 3D printing, robotics and other automation. 
 Other jobs at Mighty Buildings 
 Sales Representative/Associate 
 fulltime 
 Oakland, CA 
 1+ years 
 B2B Sales 
 fulltime 
 Oakland, CA 
 3+ years 
 Sales Representative/Associate 
 fulltime 
 Los Angeles, CA 
 3+ years 
 International Accountant 
 fulltime 
 Oakland, CA 
 3+ years 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
