__ 
 
 
 Go to Work 365 Apps Site 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Documentation 
 
 
 Knowledge Base 
 
 
 Go to Work 365 Apps Site 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Documentation 
 
 
 Knowledge Base 
 
 
 Work 365 
 home / Documentation / Work 365 
 __ 
 All Site  Knowledge Base Documentation 
 Popular Search: Billing ,  Customer Service ,  Reporting 
 Expand All Collapse All 
 
  Billing & Subscription Management  
 
 Data Model 
 On-boarding 
 Prerequisites to Installing and Upgrading Work 365 
 Creating the Work 365 Service Account 
 Installing Work 365 
 Upgrade Work 365 
 Work 365 Configuration Settings 
 Work 365 Security Roles 
 Configuring Manufacturers 
 Work 365 Providers 
 
 Configuring Providers 
 Configuring Microsoft PartnerCenter Provider 
 Setting up the Synnex Provider 
 Configuring Microsoft PartnerCenter Provider 
 Setting up the TechData Provider 
 Work 365 Provider Accounts 
 
 
 New Client Setup in Work 365 
 
 Customer Onboarding Workflow 
 Provisioning a New Account with TechData 
 Provisioning a New Account with Synnex 
 
 
 Sales Order Provisioning 
 Work 365 Agreements 
 Work 365 Account Credit Hold 
 Quickstart Billing and Subscription Management 
 Product Catalog 
 
 Work 365 Product Service 
 Product Service Configuration 
 Configuring the Product Price Lists 
 Configuring Product Catalog 
 Non-Recurring Products 
 Creating Product Bundles 
 
 
 Billing Contracts 
 
 Deactivating a Billing Contract 
 Non-Recurring Billing Contracts 
 Non-Recurring Items 
 
 
 Price Indexation with Work 365 
 Subscriptions 
 
 Creating Subscriptions 
 Deactivating and Activating a Subscription 
 License Subscription 
 Service Subscription 
 Usage Subscription 
 Azure Plan 
 License Change Logs 
 
 Scheduled License Change Logs 
 
 
 
 
 Invoicing 
 
 Invoicing Overview 
 Invoicing Run Report 
 Managing Refunds 
 How to Manually Generate an Invoice 
 Billing Schedules 
 Sending the Work 365 Invoice 
 Work 365 Provider Invoices 
 Reconciliation Process in Work 365 
 
 
 Billing Time 
 
 Work 365 Roles 
 Work 365 Resources 
 Work 365 Tasks 
 Work 365 Time Logs 
 Work 365 Services 
 
 
 Managing Payments 
 
 Setting up a Payment Processor 
 
 Setting Up Authorize.Net 
 GoCardless Payment Integration 
 Stripe Payment Integration 
 
 
 Managing Customer Payments: Creating a Payment Profile 
 Managing Customer Payments: Charging a Customer Invoice 
 Customers Paying Invoices using PayNow 
 
 
 System Management 
 
 Work 365 Jobs 
 Email Templates 
 Email Template Enhancements 
 Add the PayNow link to an Email Template 
 Provider Invoice Notification Emails 
 Internationalization 
 
 
 Work 365 Taxes 
 
 Setting up taxes in Work 365 
 Work 365 Tax Services and Categories 
 Tax Rate Groups 
 Tax Countries 
 QuickBooks Online 
 
 
 Dashboards 
 
 Work 365 Manager Dashboard 
 Billing Administrator Dashboard 
 Work 365 Payments Dashboard 
 
 
 Work 365 - Accounting Integrations 
 
 Configuring QuickBooks Online Integration with Work 365 
 Upgrading the QBD Connector 
 QuickBooks Online Product Catalog Mapping 
 Link and Unlink Accounts and Invoices to Accounting Systems 
 
 
 Sales Commissions Management 
 
 Configuring Work 365 Incentive Templates 
 Incentive Plans, Earnings, Payouts 
 
 
 
 
  Work 365 Product Licensing  
 
 Registering the Add-on 
 Activating the Trial License 
 Activating the Paid License 
 Refreshing License 
 Manual Activation 
 Updating Registration Details 
 Activate the Paid License 
 Cancellation and Refund 
 
 
  CRM Productivity  
 
 Report Scheduler 
 
 Report Scheduler - Introduction 
 Product Version & System Requirements 
 Activating the License 
 Uninstallation Process 
 Assigning Security Roles 
 Setting Up the Report Scheduler 
 Scheduling the CRM Data & Email Subscription 
 Viewing related Emails and related Event Logs 
 Sending Test Email 
 Multi-User Scheduling of Single Report 
 Customizing the Email Template 
 Maintenance 
 Upgrading to a Higher Version of the Add-on 
 Known Issues 
 
 
 Record Clone 
 
 Record Clone - Introduction 
 Product Version & System Requirements 
 Installation Process 
 Activating the License 
 Assigning Security Role 
 Initial Setup 
 Error Diagnostics 
 Uninstallation Process 
 Release Notes 
 
 
 Attachment Manager 
 
 Attachment Manager - Intro 
 Product Version & System Requirements 
 Installation Process 
 Setting Up Azure Blob Storage 
 Removing “url” from Blocked File Extension for Attachments 
 Setting Up Attachment Manager 
 Extracting Attachments from Notes : Automatically 
 Extracting Attachments from Notes : Manually using onDemand Workflow 
 RollBack – Moving Attachments Back from Azure Blob to CRM 
 Extracting Attachments from Emails : Automatically 
 Extracting Attachments from Emails : Manually using onDemand Workflow 
 RollBack – Moving Attachments Back from Azure Blob to Emails in CRM 
 Viewing Attachments in the Entity Form 
 Error Logging 
 
 
 1 Click PDF 
 
 1 Click PDF - Introduction 
 Product Version & System Requirements 
 Installation Process 
 Activating the License 
 Assigning Security Role 
 Using 1-Click PDF Functionality 
 Configuring the Entities that need 1-Click PDF 
 Adding Custom 1-Click Buttons within the Form 
 Steps to Follow When Getting an Error 
 Uninstallation Process 
 Known Issues 
 
 
 
 
  Customer Service  
 
 Self Service 
 
 Self Service Portal Setup 
 Update Company Logo/Header Text on CRM Portal 
 Upgrading the Self-Service Portal 
 Creating the Portal Invitation Template 
 Self Service Portal Security Roles 
 Inviting Customers to the Self Service Portal 
 Configure Products and Subscriptions for the Self Service Portal 
 Work 365 Agreements on the Self Service Portal 
 
 
 Email to Case Automation 
 
 Email To Case - Introduction 
 Product Version & System Requirements 
 Installation Process 
 Activating the License 
 Setting Up Email to Case Functionality 
 New Emails received regarding Existing Case 
 Email to Case Maintenance: Creating Bulk Delete Jobs 
 Uninstallation Process 
 Upgrading to a Higher Version of the add-on 
 Error Diagnostics 
 
 
 
 
  Troubleshooting and Error Analysis - Work 365 Addons  
 
 Troubleshooting and Error Analysis 
 
 
 
 Work 365 Jobs 
 __ 164 views  __ July 30, 2019 __ December 2, 2020 __ 0 
 Work 365 jobs are tasks which need to be completed in Work 365 that require processing time. 
 Work 365 Job Types: 
 
 Charge Invoice  - The job which automatically charges auto-generated invoices. 
For details on this see  Work 365 managing payments  article. 
 Confirm Customer Acceptance of Provider Agreement  - In order for subscriptions to be provisioned by an Automatic Provider, customers must accept the Provider Agreement. This job sends a partner a notification after a customer has accepted the Provider Agreement. See the  Work 365 Email Templates  on this notification. To send the Provider Agreement Request, see the  Work 365 Onboarding Process. 
 Create PDF  - Job which creates PDF attachments on Work 365 invoices when they are automatically generated. See the  Work 365 Configuration Settings  for details. 
 Send Email  - Work 365 uses email templates to send email notifications to customers for various reasons. For details see  Work 365 Email Templates . 
 Send Portal Invite-  When the Work 365 Self-Service portal solution is installed in CRM, an  Email template  is created for sending portal invitations. This job runs when  portal invitations are sent to customers  from CRM. 
 Sync Invoice  - Auto-syncs the invoice with the Accounting System Connector when an invoice is automatically generated. For details see  Work 365 Billing Contract . 
 Sync License Change Log  - When an Automatic Provider is selected on a subscription, this job Auto- syncs the License Change Log with an Automatic Provider in order to provision licenses. For details see the article on  License change Log . 
For details on  Work 365 Providers  see this article. 
 Sync Non-Recurring Item  - When an Automatic Provider is selected on a Non-Recurring Item, this job Auto- syncs the item with the Automatic Provider in order to provision the license. See this article on  Non-Recurring Billing Contracts and Items . 
 Update Payment Status of Invoice-  After an invoice is charged in Work 365, either automatically or manually, this job updates the status of the invoice to paid. 
 Manual Provider Reminder Email-  When there is a Non-Recurring item or a subscription with a Manual Provider that requires manual intervention, this job send an automated Work 365 email, for more details see  Work 365 Email Templates . 
 Update Next Invoice Date-  The Next Invoice Date is updated on the Billing Contract, for more information see  Work 365 Billing Contract . 
 Merge Scheduled License Change Log  - This job is executed when the Effective Date mentioned on the Scheduled License Change Log arrives, and converts it into a License Change Log. For more information please go to Creating a  scheduled license change log 
 
 Status Reasons for Work 365 Jobs: 
 
 Waiting  - the Work 365 job is created it in CRM. 
 Dispatched  - the job is dispatched from CRM to the Work 365 servers in the back end. 
 In progress  - the job has been dispatched from the Work 365 servers in the back end to CRM. 
 Failed  - the job has failed and the reason for the failure can be found under ‘Job Results‘ under the Parameters tab. 
 Succeeded  - the job is completed successfully. 
 Retry  - the job has failed but it retries 5 times before changing the status reason to ‘Failed’. During those attempts the status reason is ‘Retry’. 
 Not Applicable  - When the job is triggered for a function that does not require any action. The reason can be found under ‘Job Results‘ under the Parameters tab. 
 Cancelled  - the job has been cancelled manually after it was triggered. 
 
 __ __ __ __ __ 
 Was this helpful? 
 __ Yes __ No 
 
 
 __ 
 
 
 __ 
 
 
 __ 
 
 
 __ 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 
 © 2018  work365apps.com . All Rights Reserved. 
 
 
