Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Casual On-Call Education Assistant - Personal Care 
 School District #79 (Cowichan Valley) 
 __Duncan, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Under the general supervision of the Principal or Delegate, provides personal, medical and physiological services and assists with the delivery of special programs to students classified by the Ministry of Education as Physically Handicapped, Multipli-Handicapped, Autistic, Moderately or Profoundly Mentally Handicapped, Dependent, Deaf or Blind. 
 DUTIES: 
 
 Assists the teacher in the delivery and supervision of special programs to designated students and classes as outlined by the Individual Education Programs. 
 Provides personal care to designated students including feeding, dressing, undressing, toiletting, cleaning, washing, lifting into and out of wheelchairs and buses. 
 Provides medical care to designated students as directed by health professionals, including administering medication. 
 Monitors and records group or individual activities and progress with respect to health, behavioural and academic issues. 
 Performs medically-directed, individual physiotherapy exercise and treatment. 
 Attends to the physical safety of students during swimming, horseback riding, exercises or play activities. 
 Monitors student behaviour and may be required to remove or restrain to avoid potential disruptive outbreaks (possibly violent). 
 Confers with school-based team regarding Individual Education Programs. 
 Operates, services, adjusts and sanitizes specialized personal and medical care equipment. 
 Operates, adjusts and assists with specialized child-specific equipment. 
 Communicates with students using sign language, Braille or other specialized skills or equipment as required. 
 Assists in the teaching function by conducting drills, reading or listening to reading and assisting reluctant learners. 
 Assists classroom teacher in the gathering of resource materials and organizing charts and displays. 
 Operates a personal computer for educational purposes. 
 Performs back-up duties to other Education Assistants within the school complex. 
 May, on occasion, be required to perform other job-related duties as assigned. 
 
 QUALIFICATIONS: 
 
 Grade 12 Diploma 
 Successful completion of a college or university recognized program of related studies (such as the School and Community Support WorkerCertificate from Vancouver Island University or equivalent) complete with 2 practicums 
 First Aid with CPR 
 American Sign Language Certification would be an asset 
 Capability to physically perform the job duties 
 
 EXPERIENCE  : 
 
 Experience in a personal care focused job for a period of greater than 3 months (such as a Group Home, Seniors Home, Home Support, etc.) 
 
 This is a unionized position. Job description #46 is available at sd79.bc.ca. 
 Please forward completed resumes including official transcripts, Grade 12 or equivalent certificate and a covering letterindicating how you believe you meet our qualifications, and three work references with permission to contact. Please submit electronic applications as one PDF. 
 Job Type: Casual 
 Salary: $29.60 per hour 
 Schedule: 
 
 Monday to Friday 
 On call 
 
 COVID-19 precaution(s): 
 
 Personal protective equipment provided or required 
 Social distancing guidelines in place 
 Sanitizing, disinfecting, or cleaning procedures in place 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
