Skip to content 
 Nick Eftimiades 
 Writings on Events, Space, & Future Tech 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Edward of Planet Earth 
 Nick's Bio 
 Understanding Americans 
 
 The Mar-A-Lago incident: Nut job? Freelance? or both? 
 Posted on  April 9, 2019December 30, 2019  by  Nick Eftimiades 
 My thoughts on the Mar-A-Lago incident: Nut job? Freelance? or both? 
 The evidence  to date  points to a self-inspired economic espionage effort employing simplistic technical collection means targeted at business leaders. Consider the following: 
 1. If this effort was espionage, there is no reason for Beijing to send someone from Shanghai when it can be accomplished locally. It is much cheaper to get access to business leaders through a member, recruit a maid, or to have someone get a job on the cleaning staff. These means are standard for intelligence and criminal organizations and are far less likely to raise suspicions (which has obvious consequences). 
 2. Yujing Zhang has a background in finance and stocks. In Shanghai, she is an investor and consultant for a private equity firm. The Mar-A-Lago resort would be an excellent location to learn privileged business information. 
 3. Zhang had nine cellphones, nine USB drives, and five USB cards, a laptop, and a camera detector. Since I can't come with a plausible reason for anyone other than a drug dealer or phone salesman to have nine cellphones, there is another possibility. Nine cellphones could be configured to act as listening and transmitting devices. Personally, if I were doing this, I would plug them in and tape each one under a bed or night stand. It is simplistic but it will work (at least for a while). If she has computer based telephone numbers (e.g. Google voice) in the contact list that should be another flag. 
 4. Assuming one could capture some sensitive business related discussions, the information would probably be valuable for investments (and she did that) or for sale. 
 5. Depending on the detection device Zhang had, it could be used to detect hidden cameras prior to operational activity. If it was only wireless detection then she runs the risk of missing hard wired CCTV's (which are far more common). 
 6. Analysis of the malware she had as well as the content of her laptop and USB cards will likely be critical in determining her intentions. It will probably take federal investigators several days or more to comprehend the data and software. It will be interesting to learn if the malware or other software in her possession was designed to provided access for her laptop or cellphones to the Mar-a-Lago wireless network . 
 7. If Zhang was trying to spy, then it appears she was detected during the initial surveillance stage which is essential before any operational activity. 
 Share this: 
 
 Tweet 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 More 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 __  Posted in  China ,  espionage ,  national security ,  security ,  threat Tagged  China ,  economic espionage ,  espionage ,  trump 
 Post navigation 
 Webcast on Chinese Economic Espionage on October 24, 2018 
 Where is the Smoking Gun on Huawei? 
 
 Leave a Comment  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (Address never made public) 
 Name 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Check out these pages 
 
 Edward of Planet Earth 
 Nick's Bio 
 Understanding Americans 
 
 Chat with me on Facebook 
 
 Chat with me on Facebook 
 
 Twitter Universe 
 
 RT @ SolomonYue : Bravo! Thank you .@ RandPaul  for standing up for our constitutional principles! I also loved your speech against this uncons…  10 hours ago 
 Pleased that I will be speaking on China's commercial espionage tomorrow online to the North Carolina chapter of  #infragard   20 hours ago 
 The new EO on "Protecting Public Health and the Environment and Restoring Science to Tackle the Climate Crisis" sus…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   3 days ago 
 I just completed case reviews on two new (2021) cases of PRC illegal acquisition of nanotechnology through China's…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   4 days ago 
 I just completed case reviews on two new (2021) cases of PRC illegal acquisition of nanotechnology through China's…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   1 week ago 
 
 Follow @neftimiades 
 Archives 
 Archives Select Month January 2021  April 2020  March 2020  January 2020  December 2019  November 2019  April 2019  January 2019  December 2018  September 2018  August 2018  December 2017  January 2016  December 2015  November 2015  February 2015  September 2014  August 2014  July 2014  February 2014  August 2013  July 2013  May 2013  March 2013  February 2013  December 2012  November 2012  October 2012  September 2012  August 2012  May 2012  April 2012  December 2011 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
