Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Cashier in Etobicoke 
 Sobeys 
 __Etobicoke, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Requisition ID:  125221 
 Career Group:  Store Careers 
 Job Category:  Operations 
 Travel Requirements: 
 Part Time or Full Time:  Part Time 
 Country:  Canada (CA) 
 Province:  Ontario (CA-ON) 
 City:  Etobicoke 
 Location:  3741 Kipling Sobeys 
 Postal Code: 
Our family of 127,000 employees and franchise affiliates share a collective passion for delivering exceptional shopping experiences and amazing food to all our customers. Our mission is to nurture the things that make life better – great experiences, families, communities, and our employees. We are a family nurturing families. 
 A proudly Canadian company, we started in a small town in Nova Scotia but we are now in communities of all sizes across this great country. With over 1500 stores in all 10 provinces, you may know us as Sobeys, Safeway, IGA, Foodland, FreshCo, Thrifty Foods, Lawton’s Drug Stores or another of our great banners but we are all one extended family. 
 All career opportunities will be open a minimum of 5 business days from the date of posting. 
 Overview 
 The Cashier is responsible for carrying out the full range of duties of the position in a professional, responsible, accurate and timely fashion. The Cashier will provide customers with friendly and professional service; and will process customer orders in an efficient manner. The Cashier will ensure accurate cash-handling procedures at all times through company practices, and actively contribute to an environment of employee and customer engagement. 
 Job Description 
Provide customer service to meet customer needs 
Process customer transactions 
Maintain an accurate cash drawer while following company policies and procedures 
Operates Customer Service Desk following all procedures for lottery sales, refunds, bottle returns and inquiries as required 
Participates in the training of junior staff 
Maintain Front End Department Merchandise the Front End Department 
Assist other departments and functions as required 
Adhere to, and implement all applicable company standards 
Other duties as required 
Job Requirements 
Basic mathematical skills 
Ability to work independently in a fast paced environment 
 Sobeys is committed to accommodating applicants with disabilities throughout the hiring process and will work with applicants requesting accommodation at any stage of this process. 
 While all responses are appreciated only those being considered for interviews will be acknowledged. 
 We appreciate the interest from the Staffing industry however respectfully request no calls or unsolicited resumes from Agencies. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
