Skip to Content 
 
 Getting Started 
 
 Interviews 
 
 
 How-tos 
 Career Paths 
 
 Freelance 
 Creative Careers 
 Selling Online 
 
 
 Desk & Decor 
 Search Magnifying Glass 
 
 Search for: Close Search × 
 Search Magnifying Glass 
 Search for: Close Search × 
 ](http://worksion.com "Worksion") 
 Why Do You Want to Leave Your Current Job? Answers to Hard Interview Questions 
 Posted on Last updated: January 11, 2021 By: Author  Selena Marc 
 Categories  Interviews 
 Everyone has a handful of reasons for wanting to leave a new job. There are certain factors to consider as you describe wanting to part ways. Review a few examples of good answers to the common question, "Why do you want to leave your current job?" 
 
 I don 't like my boss 
 
 This post may have affiliate links, meaning we earn a small commission on purchases through the links (at no extra cost to you). This does not change our opinion but does help support the site. Thank you! 
 
 A common reason for quitting a job is the hostile work environment. You may hate your boss's guts or have a boss that hates yours. Either way, you want out. However, you don't want to sound like the disagreeable person who likes to start fights and doesn't get along with people. Say something along the lines of: 
 "Although I loved the salary and my coworkers, I did not always see eye to eye with my boss. I felt like the management team needed a little more guidance. I would like to join a company that shares my vision and goals for what a great company is supposed to be." 
 I 'd like more challenges 
 
 A lot of people have jobs where they perform the same dull, repetitive tasks over and over again. You may be leaving because you want a wider range of work duties that require using more of your intellect. Here's how to say it: 
 "My old job was great. My boss and everyone always complimented me on my work. But I'd like a job that is more challenging and unpredictable. I want to use more of my great problem-solving and decision-making skills. What you offer at this company seems to fit my ideals." 
 I had no room for advancement 
 There are countless dead-end jobs that provide little to no room for promotions. At some companies, you're able to become a manager and stop there without ever reaching a higher position. There are other companies that provide many additional higher-level positions. Express your wishes this way: 
 "My current company is great at training and promoting people when they want bigger jobs. However, I realized that there wasn't much advancement there. You can only become a certain kind of manager and nothing else. I looked at your company and saw more potential for my career. So I want to be able to reach for the sky without hitting the ceiling. 
 
 I 'm more of a people person 
 Maybe you want to leave because you're tired of sitting at the computer or turning machines on and off all day long. Being a people person shows that you genuinely care about people. You have great verbal communication skills along with experience in teamwork and leadership. Many employers require those social skills in their employees. Give this answer: 
 "Although my coworkers and employers put a lot of passion into their work, it's just not for me. I found myself feeling isolated and reserved. I want a meaningful career that allows me to interact with people on a daily basis, talking to them, getting to know their problems and forming long-lasting relationships." 
 I 'm more of an independent person 
 If you dislike being around people, you can say that you prefer to be alone. Instead of using the word "alone" or "loner," use the words "independent" or "self driven." It shows that you're responsible and don't need a supervisor all of the time. Say this: 
 
 "I've always been an independent person who gets things done on my own. I prefer a job that allows me to take on many responsibilities and become a better, stronger person - all on my own. I'm the type of person who rarely needs to be checked by a supervisor. I would like to continue working in teams and improving my leadership skills, as well." 
 Conclusion 
 Everyone has a different reason for wanting to leave an old job and seek a new one. Personalize your answer to this common job interview question instead of choosing a generalized response. Think of the top two reasons why you hate your old job and provide a brief elaboration. Always give a detailed answer that is not too critical of your current company and praise the company that could become your new employer. 
 Read more: 
 
 How to Reschedule an Interview (And Still Seem Professional) 
 How to List Volunteer Work on Your Resume (Make Unpaid Work Pay Off) 
 How to Craft a Compelling Elevator Pitch With Examples 
 How to Answer "What is Your Work Style?" in an Interview 
 
 
  How to Answer “Why Should I Hire You?” in an Interview ← Read Last Post     Do You Want to Tell Us Anything Else About You?: Hard Interview Questions Answered Read Next Post →  
 Comments are closed. 
 
 
 
 You might also like 
 
 How to Reschedule an Interview (And Still Seem Professional) 
 How to Answer "What is Your Work Style?" in an Interview 
 How to List Volunteer Work on Your Resume (Make Unpaid Work Pay Off) 
 Preparing for Interview: Your Checklist for Success 
 
 Affiliate Notice 
 Worksion participates in various affiliate marketing programs, which means we get paid commissions on purchases made through our links to retailer sites. Our editorial content is not influenced by any commissions we receive and we thank you for the support. 
 Worksion.com is also a participant in the Amazon Services LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising and linking to Amazon.com. Amazon and the Amazon logo are trademarks of Amazon.com, Inc or its affiliates. 
 Looking for something? 
 Search for: 
 Important Links 
 
 DMCA & Content Policy 
 Home 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Understanding Your Career Trajectory (& How to Change It) 
 5 Tips on How to Keep a Professional Conversation Going 
 Leaving a Job for a Better Opportunity? What to Say in Your Resume & Interviews 
 Understanding the 5Ps of Marketing: Definition and Examples 
 What to Do When You Feel Underappreciated at Work 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 Worksion |  The Wisteria  on  Trellis Framework  by  Mediavine 
