Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Lactation Consultant - Women's Care 
 Victoria Hospital 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Posting Period 
 Open:  November 25, 2020 
 Deadline:  December 8, 2020 
 This position is covered by a collective agreement. 
 Department Description 
 Women's Care - Maternal Newborn 
 The Lactation Consultant is a specialized nursing role that supports Patient and Family Centred care of the woman and family who have chosen to breastfeed their infant. The Lactation Consultant has completed specific breastfeeding education to complete a certification that promotes consistent evidenced-based care. Collaboration with the primary nurse and woman/family/infant in developing a plan of care to facilitate breastfeeding is the primary focus of the lactation consultant. 
 Regular Part-Time 
 Rate of Pay:  $33.56 per hour - $48.05 per hour 
 Qualifications 
Current Certificate of Registration with the College of Nurses of Ontario 
Current International Board Certified Lactation Consultant Certificate (I.B.C.L.C) 
 Current Basic Life Support for Healthcare Providers course:  BLS-HCP(C) 
Recent completion of a Perinatal Nursing course and NRP certification or willingness to complete within a specified time frame as required by the Hospital 
Minimum two years recent experience as a Lactation Consultant 
Recent experience in Obstetrical Care, Maternal Newborn Care or Neonatal Intensive Care preferred 
Well-developed assessment skills and nursing knowledge base 
Current knowledge of adult learning principles and teaching methods for families and staff education 
Thorough understanding and commitment to Patient and Family Centred Care principles and ability to use in practice 
Ability to recognize own feelings, express them fully and constructively manage own feelings in challenging and emotionally charged situations 
Ability to express ideas clearly, confidently and directly and work through conflicts and differences in a respectful way 
Ability to understand the feelings, concerns and needs of other people, demonstrate care and interest towards them and establish and maintain productive relationships 
Ability to stay effective and resilient when dealing with adverse circumstances and multiple demands 
Ability to demonstrate an optimistic disposition toward new experiences and change in general 
Demonstrated knowledge of and commitment to the principles of patient and family centred care 
Demonstrated knowledge of and commitment to patient and staff safety at LHSC 
Demonstrated ability to attend work on a regular basis 
 Immunization Requirements: 
Provide vaccination records or proof of immunity against measles, mumps, rubella and varicella (chicken pox), Hepatitis B, Tetanus/ Diphtheria/Polio; Meningitis. 
Provide documentation of the Tuberculosis skin testing (two step) 
 We are committed to providing a safe, healthy and inclusive work environment that inspires respect. LHSC is committed to employment equity and diversity in the workplace and welcomes applications from women, visible minorities, Indigenous people, persons with disabilities, and LGBTQ2+ persons. We are committed to providing persons with disabilities equal opportunities and standards of goods and services, and are also fully compliant with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (2005), as applicable. 
 Your interest in this opportunity is appreciated. Only those applicants selected for an interview will be contacted. Successful candidates, as a condition of job offer, would be required to provide a satisfactory Police Information Check (original document) completed in the last 3 months. 
 Together we care, we learn, we discover. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
