the career guide 
 
 About 
 Contact Us 
 Top Comanies Hiring 
 
 Just another WordPress.com site 
 Archive for the 'Career Networking' Category 
 HOW TO: Optimize Your LinkedIn Profile 
 With more than 85 million members in more than 200 countries, LinkedIn is a professional social network worth using, understanding and optimizing. 
 After you’ve covered the basics of setting up your LinkedIn presence, features including recommendations, applications, LinkedIn Answers, and the Resume Builder can add value to your profile. Many of these highly useful features, though, are often overlooked or underused by newcomers. 
 We spoke with four LinkedIn aficionados to get their top advice on making the best use of these tools. Read on for their thoughts and let us know which tips you’d add for optimizing LinkedIn profiles in the comments below. 
 
 Cover the Basics 
 
 The first step to spiffing up your  LinkedIn  ()  profile is to fill in as much information about your work experience as possible. It’s your online resume; pay as much attention to it as you would your cover letter or paper resume. 
 Sharlyn Lauby , president of Internal Talent Management,  HR blogger  and guest contributor for  Mashable  () , believes that a person’s LinkedIn profile should, at minimum, reflect his or her current situation. That includes an up-to-date headline along with information about his or her most recent position. A recent photo and contact information are also musts. 
 If you’ve covered those bases, our experts recommend focusing on making connections, joining groups, getting recommendations and posting status updates. Once again, the focus should be on quality additions in each of these areas. 
 “[A status update] is a great place to share an article of interest or something new you’ve been working on. People do comment on status updates, so it’s a nice way to start a conversation,” says Lauby. 
 If all else fails, just follow LinkedIn’s built-in status bar for recommendations on how to complete your profile. When you hit the 100% mark, though, don’t think you’re finished; there’s plenty more to be done. 
 
 Ask for Meaningful Recommendations 
 
 Astute recruiters aren’t going to take your word for granted when you describe your top-notch abilities. Instead, just as in offline recruiting, they will want to hear from those who have worked with you and have a grasp on your working style, personality and skills. That’s where recommendations come in. 
 Lauby notes that gathering recommendations is all about quality over quantity. “If someone has dozens of recommendations that are generic in nature, it’s not as valuable as a handful that are specific about a person’s experience and contribution.” 
 Focus on asking for meaningful recommendations from your supervisors and colleagues who work closest to you. Before sending out a request on LinkedIn, approach each contact in person to explain the importance of his or her recommendation. Adding a personal touch to your request will probably result in a better response rate, as impersonal, default requests can sometimes fall on deaf ears. 
 Be sure to thank each of your colleagues who recommend you on LinkedIn, and consider returning the favor with a follow-up recommendation. 
 
 Use Value-Added Applications 
 
 One of the hidden jewels on LinkedIn is its ability to incorporate applications. Check out its  Application Directory  for a taste of apps that can spice up your profile. 
 Here are a few of my personal favorites: 
 
 SlideShare Presentations :  If you’re a public speaker or publish lots of reports,  SlideShare  is a useful tool for getting the word out about your work. If you don’t have a SlideShare account, get one. If you do, this app is a great way to showcase your most recent reports or presentations on your LinkedIn profile. 
 WordPress  () :  Add personal flair to your LinkedIn profile by importing your latest WordPress blog posts onto your profile. You can choose to display all posts or only those tagged “linkedin.” 
 Tweets :  If you’re a huge LinkedIn buff with a passion for  Twitter  () , Tweets is a great Twitter client for accessing the microblogging service right from LinkedIn. Plus, you can choose to display your most recent tweets on your profile. 
 My Travel :  Powered by TripIt  () , this app enables you to see where your professional network is traveling and post your upcoming trips. It then shows you who in your network will be close to you on your travels. 
 
 These apps give visitors to your profile a better idea of who you are as a person and job candidate. Lauby also recommends checking out the  Events  app, which enables you to discover professional events and indicate which ones you’re attending, giving you more opportunities to connect with fellow attendees. 
 
 Become an Expert With LinkedIn Answers 
 
 LinkedIn Answers  is a  Q&A platform  that enables members to demonstrate their business acumen by answering questions from other members. When questioners choose another user’s answer as best, that user gains points of expertise. These points rank members on the Answers leaderboard, called “This Week’s Top Experts.” 
 We asked three of this week’s top experts about their best practices on using the product. Each of these experts spend a few hours per day answering up to 50 questions daily, which is the maximum for 24 hours. 
 Cristina Falcão , lawyer and pharmaceutical manager at Farmácia F. in Portugal, says that the biggest reason for using Answers is networking. “‘Expertise’ [points] is given by the person who asks and categorizes a question. Networking is about meeting people, sharing knowledge, and helping each other,” she said. “I enjoy learning from other professionals and the input from other users’ real life experiences is priceless.” For Falcão, Answers is a platform for demonstrating expertise, as well as a platform for getting answers to her own pressing questions. 
 “I consider it my daily marketing investment,” said  Christine Hueber , a social media and search marketing strategist, referring to her activity on LinkedIn Answers. She said she usually answers questions until she reaches the daily maximum. Her dedication has paid off thus far, as she now sources most of her clients from LinkedIn. She explained: 
 
 “Since I started focusing on Answers about a year ago, all of my new clients I’ve gained either directly or indirectly through Answers, since my ranking and demonstrated expertise is very impressive to them. Plus, it’s brought other opportunities my way, like giving presentations on LinkedIn, being featured in YouTube  videos, being interviewed by people like you, etc.” 
 
 Hueber isn’t alone in having benefited from being an active Answers user.  Dinesh Rãmkrishna , NeST technologies business development manager, agreed that his input has been rewarded in the form of “connections, friends, well wishers, business queries and job offers.” 
 All three experts recommend answering questions in areas that you are well-experienced in — they also get lots of great feedback for answering questions about how to use LinkedIn, in general. 
 
 Use LinkedIn’s Resume Builder Tool 
 
 Remember when crafting the perfect resume entailed sitting at your computer for hours, using the perfect action verbs and nitpicking the formatting? Sadly, much of that process has remained unchanged for decades, but formatting is getting a bit easier, with tools like LinkedIn’s  Resume Builder . 
 The tool enables LinkedIn users to craft resumes by simply choosing a template and customizing the content. Lauby commented on Resume Builder’s usability: 
 
 “It’s incredibly easy to use, and I was very impressed with the number of different resume formats available. Keep in mind, the quality of the resume is directly attributed to the quality of information on your profile. If people want to take full advantage of this feature, they will need to keep their profiles updated regularly with the information they ultimately want on their resumes.” 
 
 If updating your resume in Microsoft Word,  again  and  again  , is one of the monotonous tasks you’d like to shake, check out Resume Builder the next time an update is needed. 
 These recommendations will help LinkedIn users utilize their profiles as much as possible. Which tips would you add? Let us know in the comments. 
 
 By  Erica Swallow 
 Category: 
 Business ,  Career Networking ,  Career Plannig ,  Get Hired ,  HOW TO: Optimize Your LinkedIn Profile ,  Influence Skills in Career Development ,  Job-hunting ,  Job-Seeker Tips ,  Social Media 
 30+ Websites to Visit When You’re Laid Off 
 
 The worst time to panic is when you are laid off and lose your main source of income. We live in a new and powerful era of communication, one where we can find support, gather news, and network without ever leaving our computers. The following collection of websites has been put together as a comprehensive resource for anybody who has lost their job and is looking to get back on their feet again. Our hope is that this post will be a hub for finding support and financial resources. 
 Have an important site to add? Please help us out by adding it in the comments. 
 
 Step 1: Find Support and Recover 
 
 1. eHow :  eHow has a massive collection of articles that can help you learn everything from how to support a laid off spouse to how to claim unemployment benefits. It’s tough to find the quality articles, so here is a good starter pack: 
 
 How to Cope With Getting Laid Off 
 How to Help an Unemployed Spouse or Partner 
 How to Prepare For a Layoff Before it Happens 
 How to Get Health Insurance When Laid Off 
 
 2. About.com: Job Searching :  About has a similar set of articles, but focuses more on tasks such as acquiring unemployment benefits and how to file for them. 
 3. LaidOffCamp :  LaidOffCamp is a movement to bring anyone who has lost their job or is self-employed together to discuss topics that are important to the laid off – living on tight budgets, becoming a freelancer, and more. The first LaidOffCamp is in  San Francisco  on March 3rd. 
 4. Department of Labor Employment & Training Administration : The DOL’s first resource for those laid off, it outlines ways to get benefits, provides fact sheets, and gives you contact information for your state. It’s a good resource. 
 5. I’m in like with you :  Seriously, relieve the stress by playing games for a few hours and indulging in the fun. 
 6 & 7.  PlentyofFish  and  Okcupid :  You need to get your mind off of losing your job and get out of the house and meet people. If you’re single, there is no better way than dating. PlentyofFish and Okcupid are both free dating services, making it cheap to find a date. Just make sure to pick an affordable date; I suggest a trip to the zoo. 
 8. Diddit :  Now is the best time to pick up a hobby you’ve always wanted to do but never had time for. diddit is a relatively new social network for finding people who are doing the things you want to do. Use it to learn more or just find partners to go skydiving with. 
 
 Step 2: Manage Your Money and Stay Afloat 
 
 9. Careeronestop Unemployment Benefits Map :  This map will link you to unemployment benefit information for your state. 
 10. Department of Labor Health and Retirement Benefits Toolkit :  Another U.S. government website, this is the DoL’s job loss toolkit. It has fact sheets and publications on COBRA, pensions, and more. 
 11. Mint :  Mint is a  free  budget management and finance tracking service. After connecting it with your online bank accounts and credit cards, you can see all of your financial activity and set budgets based on categories of spending. When you lose your income source, you need to be sure you are keeping on budget. Mint will even send an SMS if you go over your budget or have unusual charges. 
 12. Wesabe :  Wesabe is similar to Mint in that it can track your finances by linking to your online finance accounts, but it also leverages its community to make recommendations and tips that can help save you money. Users can also share advice with the rest of the community by commenting on items. 
 13. Employment at SmartMoney.com :  SmartMoney is a great resource for investing and managing your money. The Employment section specifically has videos, columns, and articles on starting your own business or surviving a layoff. It’s from the Wall Street Journal – it’s quality information. 
 14. Slickdeals :  The popular deals website allows you to find discounts and freebies on a random assortment of items. When you’re in a crunch, every penny matters. 
 
 Step 3: Earn Short-term Cash 
 
 15. Craigslist :  Even if you’re receiving unemployment checks and have a few months of savings to rely on, earning a couple of extra dollars can mean the difference between making rent and being in hot water. The #1 place to look is the world’s largest classified section, Craigslist. 
 16. Workstir :  A newer website,  Workstir  allows you to find contract jobs near you. Everything from painting to web design can be requested, searched for, and accepted as work. Its  Facebook Connect  integration helps you search for gigs geographically. 
 17. HotGigs :  HotGigs is a hub for freelance consultants and staffing firms. You can join, connect with contract firms, and even see information on average market rates for consultants in your industry. 
 18. Freelance Writing Jobs :  Blog and write for some extra cash and get some added exposure as a bonus. 
 
 Step 4: Network, Network, Network! 
 
 19. LinkedIn :  Start at the world’s largest professional network and start contacting everyone who might owe you a favor, be in debt to you, or fear your wrath. It’s time to let the world know that you’re looking. 
 20. Plaxo :  One thing Plaxo does very well is contact management – it’s quick and simple to organize all of your business cards and contacts. Take the time to type them in and categorize them. Then email every contact you’ve got. 
 21. GarysGuide :  Although most of us techies do our work from a computer, networking doesn’t always work that way. GarysGuide lists out tech events and gatherings in metropolitan areas. Start a system of attending at least two of these a week and shake hands with as many people as possible. You’re not going to find your next opportunity sleeping in late. 
 22. AllConferences :  The same deal as GarysGuide; find conferences in your industry and attend them. If you’re low on cash to attend them, talk to the organizers and tell them about your situation, get yourself in as a speaker, or strike a deal to blog about the event with a news blog – you’d be surprised how easy it can be to get free conference passes if you put in some effort. 
 23. MeetUp :  Even more networking homework for you, MeetUp is extraordinarily comprehensive in its listing of events and includes events for non-metropolitan areas. 
 24. Twitter :  Oh yes, our favorite social media darling can also become your favorite networking darling in dire times. Primarily using Twitter, Bostoners were able to quickly organize a  pink slip party . Use it to tell your followers you’re looking for a new opportunity, ask them to retweet, and then search twitter for relevant job keywords. 
 
 Step 5: Time to Hunt For a Job 
 
 25. Mashable’s Career Toolbox :  One of my absolute favorite posts on Mashable is the Career Toolbox, a  comprehensive  listing and description of websites that can help you find a job and then land it. Start here when you’re looking for a job. 
 26 & 27.  LinkUp  and  SimplyHired :  Unlike most job sites, LinkUp and SimplyHired are aggregate search engines that search company and job websites for job postings and openings. This will give you an idea of openings in your industry and the general feel of what companies are looking for. 
 28, 29, & 30. USAJOBS ,  DirectGov (UK) , and  Australian JobSearch :  There are a lot of government websites that can help you directly search for a job, I’ve only listed three of the best examples here. With multi-billion dollar stimulus packages flying everywhere, there’s bound to be some government jobs. 
 31. Mashable’s Job Board :  No list would be complete without the Mashable Job Board. If you’re an avid reader of our blog, you’re probably going to find a job that suits you here. You can tell them that I sent you. If only that would actually help you land a job… 
 
 Don’t Lose Hope 
 
 When you are directly affected by the economic crisis, the most important thing to remember is  don’t lose hope!  There are jobs out there for hard-working, talented, clever individuals, but you’re going to have to pick yourself up, dust yourself off, and talk to every person you possibly can. I hope this post helps you or someone close to you get through this crisis. We’re all in this together. 
 If you have some other websites you think will help those who are laid off, make sure to leave them in the comments. 
 ------------------- 
 By  Ben Parr for Mashable 
 Category: 
 30+ Websites to Visit When You are Laid Off ,  Career ,  Career Change ,  Career Networking ,  Career Plannig ,  Fired to Hired – Layoff to Payoff ,  Get Hired ,  Job Strategies ,  Job-hunting 
 Google Movie: Producers Seek Writer To Rival ‘Social Network’ Success 
 
 Following the huge  critical  and box-office  success  of ‘The Social Network’ on its opening weekend, the team behind the planned big-screen adaptation of a movie about Google is hunting for the perfect writer to turn the story of dot-com billionaires  Sergey Brin  and  Larry Page  into a blockbuster. 
 A spokesperson for production company  Groundswell  told Forbes that the search is on for a writer to adapt Ken Auletta’s bestseller  Googled: The End of the World as We Know It  into a screenplay, as Aaron Sorkin successfully did for  Ben Mezrich’s tale  of  Mark Zuckerberg  and the founding of Facebook. The spokesperson said the team expects to announce its chosen writer in coming weeks. 
 In August, Groundswell’s Michael London  announced  his company had acquired the movie rights to New Yorker writer  Auletta’s book , which chronicles Google’s rise from dot-com upstart to preeminent search engine. 
 At the time of the announcement, it was unclear when the film would make it to the screen, if ever; plans were at a very early stage, with the only names attached to the project that of London and co-producer John Morris. 
 Now, with the success of ‘The Social Network’, a release date for the big-screen adaptation of  Googled  has been set for 2012, according to Groundswell’s spokesperson. The Los Angeles-based production house is responsible for such critically-acclaimed movies as the Harvey Milk biopic ‘Milk’ and Matt Damon vehicle ‘The Informant’. 
 Watch this space for news on the film, its writer, and its yet-to-be-announced cast. Ideas for who should play Brin and Page are welcome in the Comments section. 
 
 By  CLARE O'CONNOR 
 
 You should be well equipped with these most in-demand I.T Certifications/Exams, Before searching any job, Visit  http://www.ComputerTipsnTricks.com/ITcert.htm  for Free Practice Exams, Free Study Material / Books etc. 
 Category: 
 Business ,  Career Networking ,  Google Movie 
 Slime-free Career Networking 
 Networking got a bad name because too many people saw it as transactional: I'm going to use you/you're going to use me/let's hope I can get a better deal on this trade than you do. That approach can have kind of a "meat" market, last-call-at-a-singles-bar flavor, and fear of getting caught in that flavor is one reason many women work late at their computers instead of going to an event where they might actually meet someone who would be good to know. On the other hand, if you meet someone you might want to do business with and don't acknowledge that's what you want, even to yourself, you close off any possibility that something good could happen. 
 What to do? When you meet someone at a business function, whether it be an industry group or women's conference, that person is a prospect, and it's okay to think of him or her that way . . . it's even expected. If you meet the person somewhere else and you're not sure if he or she would like to be seen as a prospect, you can do a quick qualifier and see how the response. If you say, for example, "Oh, I sell beauty products" to someone who owns a beauty salon, and she says, "What do you think of these appetizers?" you know that she might want to be your friend but not on your call list. 
 Be purposeful with your best prospects 
At the other end of the spectrum are great prospects with whom it is clear from the start that you have something in mind. You have to be clear with them about what you want, too. 
 Just after I moved from Texas to Washington, D.C., I had lunch at the Jockey Club with a man named True Davis, a former U.S. ambassador to Sweden and high-level pharmaceutical industry executive. True was a mover and a shaker, and it was a real coup that he was meeting with me. I didn't have a job, needed one desperately, and my mother, who had gone to high school with True, had suggested I call him for help. I did, and he graciously said yes. So I ended up going to lunch at the ritziest place at which I'd ever eaten, with True, who at the time was by far the richest and most powerful man I'd ever met, a man with tons of connections. I hadn't done any homework on True, so all I really knew was that he was an important friend of Mommy's. And I hadn't thought through what I wanted, so I didn't ask him for anything. 
 What I got from this encounter was an excellent lunch. 
 What else could I have gotten? At the very least, I could have procured a few introductions and interviews that would have greatly advanced my job search. I could have said to True, "I'm interested in working on the Hill for Congressman So-and-So, whom I know you know. Would you be willing to give his office a call on my behalf?" Or, "I'd love to get an administrative position in one of those prestigious Dupont Circle associations that I know you belong to. How do you think I should approach them?" At the very most, who knows what more a specific request might have yielded? But I blew it because I hadn't done my homework, thought through what I wanted, and developed a powerful pitch around it. Which, by the way, he would have expected me to do and respected me for trying. 
 Even as recently as a few years ago, I still hadn't completely learned my lesson. Flying back to New York from a speaking engagement in Detroit, I noticed Ram Charan, legendary advisor to senior executives and boards of directors and business writer extraordinaire, sitting in the plane's first-class cabin. I was very familiar with his work, which I find amazing; to be perfectly frank, I had a big business crush on Ram, he was, at the time, my idea of who I wanted to be professionally when I grew up. 
 Since I believed then, as I do now, that you should try to meet people who do things you admire, I worked up my courage and seized the moment when I saw him standing alone by the luggage carousel after the plane landed. I forced myself to make an introduction, gushed like a schoolgirl over his work, and asked for a meeting. Tomy amazement, he agreed. 
 So when I got back to my office, I called his assistant, Cynthia, a lovely woman recognized my neediness and, despite her boss's very tight schedule, managed a 15-minute meeting wedged in between Ram's consulting sessions in New York. I arrived at the meeting, immediately offered my credentials (because by this time, at least I'd learned I have to credential myself with blues), and realized I had to make some kind of pitch. So I suggested we find some way to work together in the women's market. Ram looked vaguely alarmed, told me that wasn't really his sort of thing, and confessed that he had only agreed to see me because he thought I was someone else -- some business muckety-muck's daughter. A gentleman through and through, Ram then graciously declined my idea. That was it. He did, however, send me a standard issue, unsigned Christmas card that year and has continued to do so every year since, which jazzes up my office. 
 As much as I appreciate the holiday card, if I'd taken the time to develop a more precise pitch, I might have had a shot at working with new and powerful clients. Maybe if I'd said, for example, "I do a lot of training around relationship management, which would be an excellent fit with the work you're doing on superior execution, and I think we could do X, Y, and Z together," I could have at least gotten a second conversation. Instead, I essentially burned a very high-value prospect. 
 The moral of these stories: Save pitching your best prospects until you have a specific purpose or goal in mind that you can clearly articulate, and until you have thoroughly done your homework, which includes thinking through the benefit of what working with you or otherwise supporting you would do for them. Keep reading I'll show you how. 
** 
Not the usual suspects** 
At this point, your goal should be to cultivate a diverse group of potential prospects rather than being bogged down by narrow definitions of who can help. So, your prospects might include not just your boss, but your boss's boss, his counterpart in the next department, and his executive assistant. Not just your colleagues, but your competitors as well. The speaker you admire at a conference and the senior manager you meet at a wedding or party. Anyone with shared interests is a possible prospect, even if you do not share the same immediate goals. 
 Consider this scenario: You're up for a plum assignment, along with several candidates in your company, and various decision-makers meet in the corner conference room to choose who gets the nod. Your boss is in the room and you know you can count on his support. But there are several others there, too, who don't have any reason to support you; in fact, they have reason to argue against you because they want their own person to get the job. 
 Those people are prospects, too. 
 So you need to start thinking about indirect ways to cultivate those relationships. At the most basic, you might simply engage them in an occasional conversation. Or perhaps you could provide a useful piece of intelligence now and again "Hey, Tony, I thought you might like to know . . ." Tony still may not actively help you once he gets to that conference room, but he'll be far less inclined to actively argue against you, and he may be more easily swayed to accept you over the person he'd originally thought would be the better choice. 
 As for your competitors, think of it this way: If you are competing with someone, you both have the same goal, which implies you have a similar vision. If you view this person as a prospect, thinking about a way to carve out the territory so you can support him or her in his or her piece and he or she can support you in yours, you have turned a competitive relationship into a functional, value-producing one. Politics really do make strange bedfellows. 
 This is an area where men often have an edge because they do not take competition as personally as we do, nor do they retreat from conflict as often. After a big ball game, men have no problem going out for drinks with players from the other team. We, on the other hand, just want those girls from the other team to go away -- they're bad girls and we don't want to play with them anymore. We see the relationship context; men see the competition. We see girls who wanted to beat us; win or lose, guys see other guys who like baseball the way they like baseball and that's what's most important. 
 If you can make the mental shift that allows you to see your competitors as both competitors and potential prospects, you put yourself in the right mindset to win. 
 by  Ronna Lichtenberg , 
 
 If you are serious about your professional career and want to pass your IT Certification exam in first attempt and don't want to waste your precious time and money then visit  http://www.ComputerTipsnTricks.com/ITcert.htm  for Free Practice Exams, Free Study Material / Books etc. 
 Category: 
 Career Change ,  Career Networking ,  Career Networking FAQs ,  Career Plannig ,  Employment ,  Job Strategies ,  Job-hunting ,  Job-Seeker Tips ,  Jobs ,  Life Planning 
 Blue Collar Job Search 
 A lot of what I've written about in the past has been for professionals and executives, but I had an experience recently that made me think about a blue collar job search, and what the differences are. This is pretty interesting because most of the job search blogs I follow seem to be written for a white collar professional. 
 I don't want to draw any lines and declare that blue collar is better, or worse, than white collar. I simply want to talk about some of the nuances of a blue collar job search, compared to a white collar job search. 
 Here's how this came about. I have a friend I was chatting with recently. He has been in a stable job for more than 15 years, but the time came for him to look for another gig. He's a hard worker, very talented, and a really nice guy. He's looking for a job where he can build and/or maintain stuff, working with his hands not at a computer all day, cooped up in an office (like me). At first I thought many of the job search tactics he would employ would be the same as what I recommend to others; but after we chatted last I realized the advice he needed was different than the advice I normally give. I began to brainstorm the differences, and here's what I came with: 
 Identifying the type of job you want 
 Before I could help my friend I realized I had to understand what kind of job he would like to have. He didn't communicate his wants or needs to me very well, so I had to draw them out. The kinds of questions we needed answers to included: 
 
 What kind of hours do you want to work? 
 Are you OK with night or swing shift? 
 Do you want to work weekends? 
 Do you want salary or opportunity for overtime? 
 Do you want management responsibilities? 
 Etc. 
 
 The key here is to figure out the type of responsibilities, expectations and the ideal work environment. I came up with at least a dozen questions to help him think through this. 
 Networking 
You can't get away from networking, no matter what kind of job you are seeking. We identified some networking events that are perfect for him not where his peers are but hiring managers are. Once you start networking you open up a can of worms: what to wear, how to talk in a networking event, how to approach people, and all of the rest of the networking strategies and tactics you can read about in a good networking book. 
 Branding 
 One of the distinct issues I found with my buddy was that he didn't know how to communicate his brand, or value proposition, to others. Just a simple guy who can do regular stuff. There are many issues with his inability to appropriately brand himself; here are two: First, he completely depreciates his value. What might be normal to him is magic to me I'm about us unhandy as it gets, whereas he can build or fix just about anything. He takes his skills for granted, but he should really be able to communicate what he can do. Second, if he simply passes over his skills, experience and ability, he might make people think that he really isn't that good. 
 Finding job opportunities 
 There is a lot of talk about where to find jobs. Some think you go just to job boards, others think job boards don't work at all. I think it depends on your level, industry, and the type of job you are looking for. I found job boards to be quite valuable in my friend's process for a number of reasons. He was able to find new target companies he hadn't heard of before. He was able to list new "job titles" he was interested in new titles to talk about or search for. He was able to get a feel for skills that are valued, and keywords a company is looking for, to help hone his resume and prepare answers for interview questions or responses in a networking situation. Job boards get beat up a bit but they shouldn't be discounted. To find a job board by industry check out  Peter Weddle's list of associations . Look for one appropriate for you, and see if they have a job board. 
 Social networking 
 I am not pushing social networking, even LinkedIn, very much with my buddy. I think white collar professionals have to be on LinkedIn so they can be found, but I'm not sure how many people are doing searches for facility maintenance, construction or other trade employees on LinkedIn. However, my friend can certainly spend valuable time each day looking for hiring managers and company contacts to network with. It's a different use than what I've generally recommended. 
 Communicating to others 
 Once you understand your brand and value proposition, it's critical that you can concisely communicate that to anyone you talk with. You should be able to tell them how your job search is going (or, more importantly, how they can help you in your job search), what kind of company or role you are looking for, and what your value proposition or  personal brand  is. People don't want too much information, but you have a chance to ask for help or make an impression, and you should prepare for that chance. 
 Isn't it amazing that what we really want to do (the work) is easy compared to doing all the stuff above? In today's world, however, we need to think about those ideas so that when we transition again and we will transition again we are prepared to have a smooth transition. 
 
 By  Jason Alba  for AOL.COM 
 
 You should be well equipped with these most in-demand I.T Certifications/Exams, Before searching any job, Visit  http://www.ComputerTipsnTricks.com/ITcert.htm  for Free Practice Exams, Free Study Material / Books etc. 
 Category: 
 Blue Collar Jobs ,  Business ,  Career ,  Career - Jobs in 2010 ,  Career Change ,  Career Networking ,  Career Plannig ,  Employment ,  Get Hired ,  Job Strategies ,  Job-hunting ,  Job-Seeker Tips ,  Jobs 
 Top 10 reasons employers want to hire you 
 When you apply for a job, you know exactly what you're looking for. You want a company you love, great co-workers, a decent salary, a culture where you fit in and, most importantly, you want to love what you'll be doing. 
 But do you ever consider what the employer is looking for in its employees? 
 These days, competition is steep among job seekers; it's important to know what employers want in an employee before going into an interview so candidates can sell how they would be an asset to the company. 
 "If the candidate doesn't know what the employer is looking for, [he or she] can't properly communicate why they are the most qualified candidate for the position," said Steven Rothberg, founder of  CollegeRecruiter.com.  "Understanding what the employer is looking for ahead of the interview is so that the candidate can be sure to communicate all of the information that is likely to be most relevant to the employer." 
 In a 2009 survey from CareerBuilder and Robert Half International, employers said that aside from having the basic job qualifications, multitasking (36 percent), initiative (31 percent) and creative thinking (21 percent) are the most important characteristics in a job applicant. 
 We asked six workplace experts to address 10 of the most common reasons employers hire employees, in no particular order. Hopefully, they can help you prepare to land your next job. 
 1. Long-term potential 
Why it's important:  Employees want to see their future within a company so they are motivated and excited about their career path, the company's future and their role in it, says Celia Santana, president of Personal Risk Management Solutions. 
 From the employer perspective, you want people in your organization to work their way up. It is best to have someone who is multidimensional and can grow with the company. 
** 
Tip:** "Give a real-life example or ask questions that demonstrate that you have thought about this," Santana says. "For example, you can ask a question like, 'What type of career movement do you envision for the most successful candidate in this role? Are there any current examples within your company?'" 
 **2. Ability to work well with others 
Why it's important:  "We spend a lot of time at work; there is nothing worse than someone who cannot get along with others," Santana says. "[It's] so important and involves being helpful, understanding the unwritten rules, being respectful, reliable and competent." 
** 
Tip:  "Tell a story," Santana suggests. For example, "I was interviewing someone for a job and asked about a situation where he had experienced a challenging situation at work. He told me about a situation where the company had a major deadline and needed all hands on deck. He was able to pause what he was working on and pitch in, working late hours to help the team meet the deadline." 
 3. Ability to make money 
Why it's important:  Hiring managers want people who can prove that they will increase the organization's revenues or decrease its costs, Rothberg says. 
 "During a recession, revenues are difficult for organizations to generate and employers have typically already cut their costs about as much as they can. Their emphasis is on increasing their revenues." 
 Tip:  "Employers love metrics. The more you can quantify your work, the better," Rothberg said. Some positions are easier to quantify than others, but it can be done. "If you're a filing clerk, estimate how many minutes a day your work has saved your previous employers by looking at how much faster it is for people to access the information they need," he said. 
 **4. Impressive résumé 
Why it's important: **"A résumé is a person's billboard; a reflection of the applicant in the eyes of the reader," said Jay Meschke, president of EFL Associates. "First impressions are lasting ones and a résumé is often the vehicle to either make a good impression or a poor one." 
 Tip:  "Make sure several people review the résumé for content, style and accuracy. Use a co-worker that might have a dose of skepticism in their gene pool to receive the most constructive criticism. If a person has no comments, try another, and another, to obtain the collective wisdom of peers," Meschke said. 
 **5. Relevant work experience 
Why it's important: **"Experience levels generally allow a person to hit the ground running without a lot of hand-holding," Meschke said. "Managers do not have time to mentor and train people as in the past." 
 Tip:  "Be prepared to offer up quality references to substantiate your background and experience. Many times, references are the critical key to landing a job when the hiring decision is a close horse race," he said. 
 **6. Creative problem-solving skills 
Why it's important: **"Employers know that in business, the chessboard changes daily. As soon as we think all is fine, the economy changes or the competition makes a surprise move and the company's own strategy must change," said Mark Stevens, author of "Your Marketing Sucks" and CEO of MSCO, a global marketing firm. "A person who gets locked into a set way of doing things finds it difficult or impossible to adjust. They are a drag on the business as opposed to an asset for it." 
 Tip:  "Know how to tackle challenges and opportunities in a way no one will find in a textbook. Einstein used to approach his theories by thinking of childlike fantasies and working backwards to reality. Talk about how an approach like this is built into your DNA. You will be marketing yourself as a one-of-a-kind," Stevens said. 
 **7. Strong online presence 
Why it's important: **"Social networking has become the primary way that people communicate. But it is a double-edged sword. Employers have access to your personal life, likes and dislikes, political views, good and bad behavior. Because of that exposure and the speed at which information is distributed, it is important that you be digitally dirt-free, especially when job hunting," said Chris Laggini, vice president of human resources for DLT Solutions. 
 Tip:  "Social networking doesn't have to be negative in your job hunt; you can use it to your advantage. Old-fashioned reference checks through past employers are passé; use your [social networking] pages to accumulate references and positive praise from professional peers and college professors. Find people within the company whom you know that could put a good word in for you," Laggini said. 
 **8. Multitaskers who thrive on variety of projects 
Why it's important: **"Business today moves at supersonic speed, and effectively managing a variety of different projects simultaneously is essential," said Susan Stern, founder and president of Stern + Associates, a public relations and marketing communications agency. "If an individual demonstrates a passion for learning new things and enjoys a variety of work, chances are she is also ambitious and inquisitive -- two qualities that are critical to success and advancement." 
 Tip:  "Don't be shy about asking for additional assignments and offering to handle other aspects of a project than you might usually handle. Make it clear to your manager that you have a passion for learning new things and volunteer to take on extra work, even if it means putting in additional hours," Stern said. 
 **9. Enthusiasm and initiative 
Why it's important: **"If you show consistent enthusiasm and take initiative on the job, you can count on being noticed and rewarded. Every business looks to put their most enthusiastic people forward with important clients and customers," Stern said. 
 "By taking initiative, you convey a true team spirit and illustrate that you are not someone who simply meets the criteria of a job description, but who goes above and beyond what is required to help the business succeed." 
 Tip:  "Don't forget to say, 'Good morning' with a lilt in your voice; when you pass someone in the hall, smile and say, 'Hello,'" Stern reminded. "It's easy to clam up around top management when you are new to the business world, but showing confidence and a comfort level with people more senior to you will lead to your being considered for more challenging work." 
 10. Good cultural fit 
 Why it 's important:  Recruiters are pressured to find the right match for a company; applicants are under pressure to creatively differentiate themselves and demonstrate a desire to succeed, said Jenny Floren, founder and CEO of Experience Inc., an online recruiting community. "Hiring managers are particularly interested in how a candidate is going to adapt to their unique organizational culture." 
 Tip:  "Look for different ways, a personal blog or Twitter, to deliver your message about what makes you a great cultural fit. Find ways to incorporate specific examples that illustrate the cultural competencies they are looking for, like flexibility, leadership or teamwork, as this will help employers understand you're serious and excited about the position," Floren said. 
 By  Rachel Zupek , CareerBuilder.com 
 
 You should be well equipped with these most in-demand I.T Certifications/Exams, Before searching any job, Visit  http://www.ComputerTipsnTricks.com/ITcert.htm  for Free Practice Exams, Free Study Material / Books etc. 
 Category: 
 Business ,  Career ,  Career - Job's Do's and Don'ts ,  Career - Jobs in 2010 ,  Career Change ,  Career Networking ,  Career Plannig ,  Employment ,  Get Hired ,  Job Strategies ,  Job-hunting ,  Job-Seeker Tips ,  Jobs 
 Seven Smart Career Networking Moves Guaranteed To Make You More Memorable 
 It's a fact: employers prefer to hire people they know over "mystery" candidates. That's why networking accounts for how 64 percent of people find jobs, while only 11 percent find work through advertisements (New York Times survey). Conferences, trade shows, meetings, and small-group gatherings are excellent venues for being visible, getting connected, and becoming known to the people who have the power to hire. Here are seven "Cs" for making the most of networking events. 
 1. Catalog your strengths, value, and vision.  Know who you are and what you want. What are your greatest strengths? Convert those strengths into value. Think in terms of return-on-investment (ROI) how would you describe your ROI were an employer to ask, "What can you do for us?" Finally, envision. As Stephen Covey says, "Begin with the end in mind." What opportunities are you targeting? What skills do you want to use that would tap into your tingle factor? 
 2. Create your marketing theme.  Using three key strengths from No. 1 above, compose a short verbal business card. Here's an example: "As a sales rep for hotel properties, I specialize in the 3 R's: Research, Relationships, and Revenue Growth. My research skills helped unearth a list of 40 qualified prospects. My relationship skills opened the doors to meet decision-makers and match the benefits of our property with their needs. The result is that revenue grew more than 30 percent over the past 12 months, at a time when most properties' revenues were stagnant or declining." 
 3. Chart your course.  Literally. If you're attending a large convention or trade show, do some logistical planning to cover all the ground efficiently. Review the list of attendees to identify whom you want to meet and when and where you might call on them. Ask colleagues their recommendations for whom you should consider meeting. If time permits, do a quick Google.com search on your target contacts so you'll have some personalized dialogue once you've completed the perfunctory pleasantries. In some cases, it may be appropriate to email or phone your contacts in advance of the event. Mention that you'll be attending and, at the suggestion of so-and-so (e.g., a known and trusted colleague of the contact), are looking forward to saying a brief hello. 
 4. Connect with people.  Measure your networking success by the number of meaningful conversations you've had, not by the number of business cards you've handed out or collected. The fastest way to have a meaningful conversation is to put aside your personal agenda for finding a job and focus on the other person. How? Smile, look people in the eye, and care about them by asking questions, such as "What's the most interesting exhibit (or, seminar, idea, project] you've seen here?" Or, "Who would you like to meet here?" (you may know someone who could help make the connection). Or, "What do you hope to accomplish at this event?" 
 5. Clarify needs.  Clarify your contact's needs so you can understand how you can be of value. Arm yourself with intelligent questions: "What important projects are gathering dust in your in-box? What interesting projects are you working on now and where might you need help? What changes or challenges do you see in the next 6-12 months at your company, and what will those changes bring? What resources or ideas are you looking for at this meeting/event?" Notice that you're not asking whether there are any job openings available! 
 6. Collaborate on needs.  Position yourself as the answer to those needs. For instance, "In my most recent position, we had a similar problem. What have you tried so far? We found that XYZ system worked well in our situation." Or, "are you aware of such-and-such a resource?" 
 7. Continue the connection.  Look for appropriate opportunities to ask for a business card or gain permission to make contact again soon. For instance, if your contact is checking her watch or looking distracted, you might say, "I don't want to take up too much of your time just now. Perhaps we can continue our conversation after the conference/meeting. When would it be convenient to touch base with you again?" Or, "I recently read a fascinating article about that subject. I'd be happy to email you the link if you've got a business card handy." Or, "I know someone who may be a good connection for you. I can email you their contact info." Or, "Who else should we include in our next conversation?" Or, "Who else would you recommend I speak with about that?" As a creative way of following up with contacts, one bright job-seeker carried a camera with her, took photos of her target company's exhibit booth (with their permission) and offered to email a digital photo later. 
 Carve out some post-meeting/conference time on your calendar for follow-up with personalized emails or phone calls. Commit to keeping these new relationships alive in the months ahead. When the right opportunity opens up at your dream company, you'll find yourself on the short-list, head and shoulders above the mystery candidates! 
 by  Susan Britton Whitcomb 
 --------------------------------------- 
If you are serious about your professional career and want to pass your IT Certification exam in first attempt and don't want to waste your precious time and money then visit  http://www.ComputerTipsnTricks.com/ITcert.htm  for Free Practice Exams, Free Study Material / Books etc. 
 Category: 
 Career ,  Career Change ,  Career Networking ,  Job Strategies ,  Jobs ,  Making a Lateral Career Move 
 Are You Pressing Your Recruiter's Hot Button? 
 Many of you have had unique experiences working with recruiters during a job hunt. Some good and some not so good. Like every profession, there are "good people" and then there are others. You need to do your own homework to ensure you are working with a reputable recruiter. At the same time, you need to do what is expected of you to avoid harming your chances to land a job they are working on. After all, they hold the keys to the opportunity. It is essential for you to have a great working relationship. 
 With this in mind, I recently polled my recruiter community to find out their top "pet peeves" about working with candidates. I know you have you own list for them, but theirs is a good one to read to ensure you are a stand-out candidate. I have included their  Twitter  name so you can ask them follow-up questions if you like. This is a smart and reputable bunch. Heed their advice and you'll be glad you did! 
 Recruiters Top Four Pet Peeves 
 1. Poor Communication 
Prompt communication throughout the process is critical. Return calls in a timely manner and be forthright concerning your interest level  (@headhunterbrian). 
 Here's a great example of poor communication supplied by  @Ani325:  A candidate did not show up for her final interview at the client when the President flew in from out of town to meet her. She did not call during this process at all, would not respond to voice mail and then called back three weeks later asking what jobs I have open that she might be a fit for. 
 Candidates should heed the instructions on postings/ads when it says "no phone calls or emails, please." I understand the urge to "check on the status" of your application. But leaving me three voicemails is not going to move things along for you. Job seekers need to be patient. With hundreds of candidates for each job, it can take weeks (even months) for recruiters to respond  (@BillMcCabe). 
 Even when instructions to not call are omitted, patience is required. As  @tracytran  shares, recruiters will contact you when anything goes further. Calling a lot will not help your chances. I even had one recruiter tell me he has had candidates go in full stalker mode to get in touch with him-calling him at his home phone number. 
 Sometimes candidates are rude. I had one candidate recently tell me that "I am so talented. You and your client need me. I don't need you"  (@DarrylRMSG). 
 2. Applying for the Wrong Positions 
Even though one might have an interest in working at a particular company, it's not wise to apply for 20-30 different jobs within the same company (which is easily apparent through a company's application tracking system). If I note that a candidate has applied to many unrelated positions, I can't help but think the candidate is desperate to get a job and probably not the ideal one I need in the role  (@Dennissmith). 
 Many candidates want to shoehorn themselves into a position for which they are not a fit. I truly understand that many skills are transferable or that people are quick learners - but there are also many times that specific experiences or qualifications are necessary to be successful in a given job. Suggestion to candidates:  You will most likely be hired  for the skill with which you have the most experience and/or the most recent experience  (@Fishdogs and @havrilla). 
 3. Not Being Upfront and Honest 
My biggest peeve is dishonesty and withholding information. Candidates need to recognize that by hiding information, or outright lying, they're hurting their chances more than improving them  (@steve_sakamoto). 
 This applies to not only conversations, but also to resumes and applications  (@Hintons and @DavidGraziano). 
 My peeve is candidates who are double-submitted to my clients. Upon learning the client's identity, some candidates then apply directly on-line. Others who have already applied or interviewed with a client, don't disclose this to me  (@PolyPlacements). 
 Keep in mind, your chances to get a position do not improve when you are submitted twice. Talk openly about salary. It's the only way I can make sure the fit will work for both my company and for you  (@PJradloff). 
 Although, keep in mind, when responding to a job posting, don't make the first thing you do is ask, "What does this position pay?" Listen or read the opportunity and ask a few questions about the role and organization and then probe about the financial opportunity  (@ronniebratcher). 
 4. Poor Interviewing Skills 
Most people don't prepare well. Instead of answering questions concisely, they just keep talking until they think they've covered every aspect of the question. Although they think it might be good to be thorough, they shoot themselves in the foot. Better to give a brief answer, then ask "Is that what you were looking for, or would you like more detail?" It gives the interviewer a chance to cut it off or give permission to go on  (@eExecutives) . 
 It's in the best interest of the candidate to answer a recruiter's screening question as if the question was being asked by the hiring manager. As recruiters, we are part of the hiring team. If the candidate does not listen or goes around the question, then the candidate is not ready for the next step in the recruiting process.  (nicolersilver) 
 The use of foul language during a prescreen interview. We are discussing a potential career opportunity in a professional manner. I find it hard to believe that the use of foul language is how you communicate with complete strangers  (@sullivanmarkd) . 
 My #1 pet peeve would have to be someone that shows up completely empty handed. Candidates should have something to take notes with as well as some questions prepared to ask of us. Just as we are interviewing you, you should interview my company so that we can both find a good long-term fit (@laura_bey). 
 Some other interview pet peeves include: answering their cell phone, showing up very late and not apologizing; not bringing in copies of their resumes; strong odors like cologne or smoke; and at the end, asking "How did I do?"  (@levyrecruits) 
 by  Jeff Lipschultz 
 ----------------------------------- 
You should be well equipped with these most in-demand I.T Certifications/Exams, before searching any job, visit  http://www.ComputerTipsnTricks.com/ITcert.htm  for Free Practice Exams, Free Study Material / Books etc. 
 Category: 
 Career ,  Career Change ,  Career Networking ,  Career Plannig ,  Employment ,  Future Jobs ,  Job Strategies ,  Job-hunting ,  Job-Seeker Tips ,  Jobs ,  Pressing Your Recruiter's Hot Button? 
 Unusual Job Seeker Tactics That Worked 
 Even as the job market slowly improves, unemployment still continues to be high, which means competition for open positions remains tough in many areas. 
 CareerBuilder’s annual survey about unusual tactics came out recently and it turns out more and more job seekers are trying everything and anything to stand out from their competitors. Twenty-two percent of hiring managers reported that, compared to last year, they are seeing more job seekers try unusual tactics to capture their attention. This is up from 18 percent who said the same in 2009 and 12 percent in 2008. 
 While you don’t want to be remembered for the wrong reasons, some hiring managers, say that unusual tactics can be effective. One-in-ten said they have hired someone who used an unconventional tactic to get their attention. 
 If you’re thinking about trying something to catch an employer’s eye, it’s all about the execution. You want to be remembered in a good way, so be professional and creative. Consider some of these unusual job seeker tricks that have actually worked: 
 
 One candidate brought in a video recommendation from a former boss 
 The person applying for a casino dealer job dealt a game on the interviewer’s desk and interacted with imaginary gamblers 
 The applicant identified an existing technology problem and solved it 
 A prospective teacher brought in a box of props to demonstrate her teaching style 
 An applicant created a full graphics portfolio on the employer’s brand 
 The successful candidate submitted a business plan with his job application 
 
 Tell us, have you ever tried something unusual or unique to get an employer’s attention? Did it work or did it backfire? 
 By: CareerBuilder 
 
 If you are serious about your professional career and want to pass your IT Certification exam in first attempt and don't want to waste your precious time and money then visit  http://www.ComputerTipsnTricks.com/ITcert.htm  for Free Practice Exams, Free Study Material / Books etc. 
 Category: 
 Career ,  Career Change ,  Career Networking ,  Deadly Sins of Job-Hunting ,  Employment ,  Job Strategies ,  Job-hunting ,  Job-Seeker Tips ,  Jobs 
 Taking Networking to the Next Level: Getting Your Name Out There - Have you ever Googled yourself? 
 You know… have you entered your name into the well-known Internet Google search engine to see how many times your name appears on the Web. To get a fairly accurate reading of how often your name appears, place it in quotation marks in Google, e.g., "Katharine Hansen." If you have a very common name, add some other identifying information, such as the town you live in or your employer, e.g., "Katharine Hansen" "DeLand, FL" "The Career Guide." 
 What does this little exercise have to do with networking? Even if you've never Googled yourself, it's possible that an employer or recruiter has. It's part of an emerging practice especially at senior and executive levels to find out how visible a prospective employee is. The number of citations or "hits" on Google is considered a reasonable gauge of a candidate's visibility. 
 Networking has long been considered one of the most effective ways to job-hunt, in part because of the old adage that it's not what you know but who you know. But increasingly, in the Information Age, success can spring not just from who you know but from who knows you. 
 This article explores a new type of passive networking with some very active elements. While some may consider getting your name out there to be a form of personal branding or horn-tooting, networking can provide avenues for raising your visibility and building your aura as an attractive candidate for hire. Symbiotically, elevating the world's awareness of you creates new opportunities for networking. 
 Keep in mind that employers and recruiters aren't just looking for how many times your name pops up in a Google search. They're also interested in how positive your online image is. Thus, you need to be very careful of how you project yourself online. The Internet is a highly public medium, and personal information floating out there in cyberspace about your political affiliation, religious preference, and even your family, could unfortunately work against you. A comment that you innocently post to an online discussion group could be viewed negatively by a prospective employer. The advice of an anonymous contributor to a Web log is worth heeding: "Never post anything that you wouldn't be willing to read on the front page of the New York Times." 
 A New York resume writer, for example, tells the story of submitting names of two executives to a recruiter who was unimpressed with both candidates one because his name was nowhere to be found on the Web, and the other because his published-online controversial political views turned the recruiter off. Another career expert tells of trying to look up an old colleague and finding only outdated information on him on the Web. Had he ensured that his online information was current and visible, the career guru would have told him about a great job opportunity 
 Before we get into ways you can pump up your online image, try this exercise: Take about a minute to write down what you are most known for. In what area(s) could you offer yourself as an expert? Ideally you are considered an expert in some area of your career or professional life, but hobbies and interests can be fair game, too. 
 And that brings us to the first way to get your name out there: 
 
 1. Be known for your expertise.  Offer yourself as an expert to the media. Contact local, regional and if you're really hot stuff national newspaper, magazine, and online editors to let them know you'd be willing to be quoted on the topic(s) of your expertise. Your communication with editors could take the form of an e-mail, phone call, letter, or even a "media kit" with business card, resume, and list of story tips for which you're qualified to serve as a source. I recently had a client, for example, who unfortunately did not receive tenure from the university at which he was a professor. He happens to be an expert on terrorism, however, and is often called upon by the media for quotes and insights. His visibility through this media exposure should help raise his currency as he seeks a new job. 
 
 2. Be visible in professional, volunteer, and civic associations  (such as the Chamber of Commerce and Rotary). Membership in these organizations is a great way to network, but to really get your name out there, run for office and volunteer to serve on committees. 
 3. Speak in public.  Organizations are always looking for speakers. For most smaller, local organizations, speakers are not paid, but they gain excellent exposure by talking about subjects of interests to the group membership. The same topic(s) in which you offer your expertise to the media can make fascinating fodder for presentations that will familiarize audiences with your talents and expertise. Your talk will likely be publicized, further enabling you to get your name out there. Oh, and even if it's just rubber chicken, you'll usually get a meal out of your speaking engagements. If you're not comfortable as a public speaker, consider boosting your confidence by joining Toastmasters, which can be a great networking venue in itself. 
 4. Offer your services to local colleges and universities.  Make yourself available as a guest speaker for collegiate groups and clubs. Consider applying as an adjunct instructor. Many schools welcome professionals even those without terminal degrees to bring their real-world business experience to the classroom. 
 
 5. Write articles.  Just as groups seek speakers, both print and online publications often seek writers and columnists. The pay may be minimal or nonexistent, but having your name in print and your expertise disseminated can be priceless. Quintessential Careers' own Career Doctor, Dr. Randall Hansen, for example, widened his horizons and became better known in his community when he offered his Career Doctor column to the local newspaper, the Daytona Beach News-Journal. Don't forget about professional, trade, and industry publications in your field. Newsletters and magazines published by professional organizations may be clamoring for expertise like yours. 
 6. Contribute to online discussion groups – but watch what you say.  Speaking your mind in online groups, especially those connected with your professional field, certainly adds to your online presence, but don't forget the very public nature of the Internet and the possibility that a prospective employer could read what you have to say. 
 7. Serve on advisory boards and boards of directors.  At some point in your career, you may be asked to participate on a corporate or nonprofit board, either in a decision-making or advisory capacity. If you're looking for a terrific networking opportunity as well as a way to get your name out there jump at the invitation to join a board. Membership on some boards is by application rather than invitation; check into boards associated with your local government, for example. My county government in Volusia County, Florida, has several dozen advisory boards open to local residents from the Commission on the Status to Women to the Cultural Arts Advisory Board. Although board membership is a serious responsibility and time commitment (boards generally meet anywhere from quarterly to monthly), it can be a rewarding networking opportunity because of the accompanying clout and prestige. Board membership frequently affords you the chance to rub elbows with some of the most powerful members of the community or corporate world people you might not normally get to meet. To maximize the opportunity, don't just sit there at meetings and say "yea" or "nay;" get actively involved. Volunteer for committees. The more you do for the board, the more important people you'll be able to network with, and the better known you'll become. The Web site  BoardSeat  is a good source of board vacancies. 
 
 8. Consider a personal Web site with a portfolio.  The foregoing ways to get your name out there are generally indirect paths to ensuring that your name will pop up in a Google search. For a more direct approach, a personal Web site with portfolio is the wave of the future. Having a portfolio presence on the Web shows employers that you are technically savvy, open to new trends, and poised on the cutting edge. 
Consider the message you'd like to convey with your site and portfolio. Try this exercise: Take a few minutes to identify what your "brand" is. Think of three major trends that have spanned your career ongoing patterns for example, you've always been a people person. Try to convey these consistent branding messages throughout your portfolio. 
 A portfolio published on the Web enables you to include links to all kinds of items that tell more about you, your capabilities, and provide evidence of your accomplishments (writing samples, graphic-design samples, ad campaigns, photographs, PowerPoint presentations, reports, graphs, charts, lists of accomplishments and awards, executive summaries, case studies, testimonials, project deliverables, and even multimedia items, such as video and sound clips) that employers can access 24/7. 
 Be sure your Web site and portfolio look professional and avoid un-businesslike content. There's a fine line between opening enough of a window into your personality to intrigue a prospective employer and turning a visitor off with inappropriate family photos or off-color humor. Still, you'll often find some elements in a Web portfolio that you wouldn't find in a typical resume accessible language and photos of the candidate, for example, which facilitate a sort of virtual networking through which employers can get to know prospective employees better. The portfolio provides a great opportunity for the candidate and employer to build rapport before an interview even takes place. 
 Final Thoughts 
Most career experts agree that a portfolio alone or the other get-your-name-out-there activities alone may not do a lot to boost your "Googlability," but an online portfolio plus efforts to raise your visibility can be a potent combination. 
 by  Katharine Hansen, Ph.D. 
 
 If you are serious about your professional career and want to pass your IT Certification exam in first attempt and don't want to waste your precious time and money then visit  http://www.ComputerTipsnTricks.com/ITcert.htm 
 Category: 
 Career Networking ,  Career Plannig ,  Job Strategies ,  Job-hunting ,  Job-Seeker Tips ,  Jobs 
 Search: Go! 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Man Arrested After Trying To Build Nuclear Reactor at Home 
 Companies hiring this month 
 Nontraditional Careers Which Pay $100K 
 LinkedIn Roll-outs Switch That allows you to Apply for Job 
 Paid for Doing Nothing: Suspended Office Assistant Kept Getting Checks for 12 Years 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 Nadeem Ahsan on  New Jobs in CANADA - 100… 
 
 
 
 
 
 mohammed khaja pasha on  New Jobs in CANADA - 100… 
 
 
 
 Olivia Hall on  'Job Killing' CEOs:… 
 
 
 
 
 Lockerz free invite  on  Fantastic Formulas for Composi… 
 
 
 Iris Nie on  Can a President Be Reelected W… 
 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 August 2011 
 July 2011 
 June 2011 
 May 2011 
 April 2011 
 March 2011 
 February 2011 
 January 2011 
 December 2010 
 November 2010 
 October 2010 
 September 2010 
 August 2010 
 July 2010 
 June 2010 
 May 2010 
 April 2010 
 March 2010 
 February 2010 
 January 2010 
 December 2009 
 
 Categories 
 
 $20 Per Hour Blogger Company Jobs 
 000 
 000 and Deutsche Bank 5500 Jobs 
 10 awesome employee perks 
 10 Best iPhone and iPad Applications for Job Seekers 
 10 Jobs that Earn $60000 per Year 
 10 Jobs that Pay $50 per Hour 
 10 Jobs that Pay $70000 Per Year 
 10 Salaries That Will Grow in 2010 
 10 Secrets to Getting Promoted 
 10 Surprising Jobs Where Women Are Taking Over 
 10 Things That Will Get You Hired 
 10 Things to Do When You Leave Corporate America 
 10 Things Your Boss Won't Tell You 
 10-Step Plan to Career Change 
 100 Best companies for women 
 100 Best Jobs in America 
 100 Dollar per Hour - Paid Jobs 
 100 Great Places to Find Real Jobs 
 11 Hot Fields for Hiring in 2011 
 11 Ways to Find Women-Friendly Employers 
 11 Ways to Hurt Your Career 
 12 Money-Making Certificates 
 12 Traits of a great boss 
 13 Ways to Be a Better Co-Worker 
 15 Jobs That Pay $50 An Hour 
 15 Most Hated Companies in America 
 15 Things Not to Say to Your Boss 
 20 High Paying Jobs Salaries That Don't Require Degrees 
 20 Jobs That Pay $25 per Hour 
 20 Ways to Manage Your Boss 
 2010-11 Working Mother 100 Best Companies 
 2011 Employment and Salary Outlook 
 2020 Workplace Will Work For You 
 23 ways for teens to make money 
 25 Highest Annual Salaries in Government 
 25 Jobs that Pay $25-an-Hour 
 25 Top-Paying Companies 
 27 Million Americans Work This Way 
 30+ Websites to Visit When You are Laid Off 
 40 things you wish you could say to your boss 
 600000 Holiday Jobs 
 600000 Holiday Jobs: 40 Percent Could Become Permanent 
 7 Basic Things You Won't Believe You're All Doing Wrong 
 7 Industries in Need of Workers Now 
 7 Jobs That Earn $60000 per Year 
 7 Jobs That Make It Worth Skipping College 
 7 Spectacular Career Comebacks 
 7 Things Your Boss Should Never Say to You 
 7 Tricks to Improve Your Memory 
 8 Jobs with High Average Starting Salaries 
 America's 15 Most Popular Jobs 
 America's Highest-Paying White-Collar Jobs 
 America's Most Popular Jobs 
 America's Most Surprising Six-Figure Jobs 
 America's Top and Best Jobs 
 and LinkedIn Worth 
 Apply Now for Employment 
 Apply Now for New Jobs in this Month 
 Are Jobs for Tobacco Users Going Up in Smoke? 
 Are You a Dragon (Yin) or a Tiger (Yang)? 
 Army Jobs 
 ATT Hiring 3 
 Avoid Sabotaging Your Personal Brand Online 
 Bank of America Hiring 
 Before and After: An Inner Self Makeover 
 Best and worst cities for jobs 
 Best Retirement Jobs 
 Best-Paying Jobs For College Graduates 
 Best-paying Jobs for Women 
 Biggest CEO Bonuses for 2010 
 Blue Collar Jobs 
 Bosses Sometimes Make the Wrong Call 
 Building Your Career Portfolio 
 Business 
 Business Mistakes 
 Career 
 Career - Job's Do's and Don'ts 
 Career - Jobs in 2010 
 Career Assessment Do's and Don'ts 
 Career Change 
 Career Change Mistakes to Avoid 
 Career Networking 
 Career Networking FAQs 
 Career Plannig 
 Careers That Can Double Your Pay 
 Careers that Earn You $40 per Hour 
 Common Resume Blunders 
 companies are in search of employees 
 Companies Hiring for the Holidays 
 Companies hiring in December 2010 
 Companies Hiring in November 
 Companies Hiring This Month 
 Companies to Watch in 2011 
 Computer and Information Technology Jobs 
 CV / Resume Tips 
 Deadly Sins of Job-Hunting 
 Dealing with a Bad Boss 
 Dealing With Non-Compete Clauses and Agreements 
 Dealing With Office Politics 
 Dream Job 
 Dream Jobs 
 Dream Jobs: Six-Figure Salaries and a Bright Future 
 Earn $30 or More an Hour 
 Earn That 
 Elevator Speeches 
 Ellen Helps Sheri Get the Job 
 Employment 
 Engineering Jobs 
 Enrichment with a purpose 
 Entry-Level Job Opportunities 
 Exciting Jobs That Pay $40K And Up 
 Expert Tips to Increase Your Salary 
 Facebook 
 Facebook Says It’s NOT Shutting Down 
 Fastest Growing Careers 
 Fight Ageism Job Seekers: Older is Wiser 
 Fighting the Overqualified Label 
 Find a Job in One Day 
 Finding Employment on the Internet 
 Fired to Hired – Layoff to Payoff 
 Five Biggest Resume Lies Exposed 
 Formula for Finding 
 FORTUNE's 100 Best Companies to Work for 2011 
 Foundation for a New Job 
 Four Reasons You May Not Be Getting the Job 
 Free Websites for Learning and Teaching 
 Future Jobs 
 GE to hire 3 
 GE to hire 3000 techies in India 
 Get Hired 
 GM and GE Add Thousands of Jobs 
 Google Movie 
 Google Zeitgeist 2010 - Chatroulette Beats All 
 Government Jobs vs. Private Jobs 
 High Average Starting Salaries 
 Highest Paying Jobs 
 Highest Paying Jobs In The U.S. 
 Highest Paying Trades 
 Hiring Trends for 2010 
 Hiring Trends for 2011 
 Holiday Hot Jobs 
 Home Depot to Employ 60000 
 How to argue with your boss and win 
 How to Avoid Job Scams and Schemes 
 How to Be a Millionaire by Age 25 
 How to deal with a brutal boss 
 HOW TO Find and Land Freelance Work 
 How to Find Unadvertised Jobs 
 How to Get a Job Before It's Posted 
 How to Get on Your Boss's Radar 
 How To Get The Best Job 
 How to Make Up to $19 per Hour 
 How to make Your Case for a Promotion 
 HOW TO: Optimize Your LinkedIn Profile 
 In-Demand Jobs 
 Industries is Hiring Now 
 Influence Skills in Career Development 
 Interview Questions 
 Job Leads 
 Job Openings 
 Job Strategies 
 Job-hunting 
 Job-hunting - salary negotiation tactics 
 Job-Hunting in Times of Uncertainty 
 Job-Search Mistakes 
 Job-Seeker Tip 
 Job-Seeker Tips 
 Jobs 
 Jobs before they were president of USA 
 Jobs for People Who Want Power 
 Jobs in CANADA 
 Jobs Posted Today 
 Jobs that Pay $90000 
 Jobs Without A Degree 
 Jobs You Can Start Today 
 JPMorganChase To Hire 10 
 Kelli Space Has a $189182.39 Outstanding Student Loan Debt 
 Life Planning 
 LinkedIn 
 LinkedIn Launching Social News Product 
 LinkedIn Tips 
 Make $40K-$60K With An Associate Degree 
 Make the Best of a Bad Economy 
 Making a Lateral Career Move 
 Manage Bad Bosses 
 Mid-Year Career Checkup 
 Million-Dollar Businesses You have Never Heard Of 
 Million-dollar salaries 
 Money-Making Degrees 
 Most Dangerous Jobs 
 Most Secure Jobs for 2010 
 My Unemployed Life 
 Negotiate a higher salary in 2011 
 Networking Buddy System 
 New Guinness World Record for Twitter 
 New Jobs 
 New Jobs in Top Companies 
 New Zodiac Sign Dates: Ophiuchus The 13th Sign? 
 Non 9-to-5 Jobs that Earn $25 plus per Hour 
 Nontraditional Jobs That Pay $100K 
 Now Hiring: 10000 Walmart Jobs 
 Office Work etiuettes 
 Overseas Jobs 
 PARADE'S What People Earn: Celebrity Salaries Revealed 
 Part Time Jobs 
 Performance Review in a Down Economy 
 Physically Active Jobs 
 Pressing Your Recruiter's Hot Button? 
 Reasons of Employers Won't Hire you 
 Recommended reading for positive career changes 
 Recruitment Predictions 
 Red Hod Jobs 
 Resignation 
 Retirement: The New Math of Personal Finance 
 Ride a Bike or Walk to Work 
 Salary Gambits 
 Salary Negotiation Techniques 
 salary negotiations 
 Saying No to Your Boss 
 Scenarios in Which Quitting is Advisable 
 Score a Job Through Twitter 
 Secrets to Getting the Job 
 Seven High-Paying Jobs with Bachelor Degree 
 Side Jobs for Extra Cash 
 Six Subtle Moves That Hold Women Back From Success 
 Six Surprising Six-Figure Jobs 
 Six Top Industries Hiring in 2011 
 Six-Figure Jobs in High Demand 
 Sleuthing Out Hiring Managers 
 So - Um - Like I Really Want This Job - Ya Know? 
 Social Media 
 Social Media Jobs 
 Son of NAFTA Will Cost The US 159000 Jobs 
 Study This 
 Summer Jobs and What They Pay 
 Surprising first jobs of U.S. billionaires 
 t 
 Temporary Jobs and Contract Positions Coming in 2011 
 Ten Highest Paying Jobs In Business 
 Ten Jobs That Pay $80000 Per Year 
 Ten Most Flexible Jobs and What They Pay 
 The 10 Hottest Private Companies in Tech 
 The 50 Best Careers of 2011 
 The Best-Paying Finance Jobs 
 The Five Highest-Paid CEOs 
 The Latest Job Openings and Hiring 
 The World's Coolest Jobs 2011 
 The World's Most Reputable Companies 
 Things That Kill Your Memory and Secret Memory Enhancers 
 Time Management: 44 Key Strategies 
 Tips for lazy workers to get ahead 
 Tips To Become A Better Boss 
 Top 10 Companies Hiring 
 Top 10 Companies Hiring This Week 
 Top 10 Jobs With Parent-Friendly Hours 
 Top 10 Most Dangerous Jobs 
 Top 10 real tips to manage pressure at work (tips by msn) 
 Top 25 Cities for Your Career Boost 
 Top Companies Hiring 
 Top Employers of Veterans 
 Top Five Industries for Salary Growth 
 Top Footballers Earning 
 Top Myths and Realities of Salary Negotiation 
 Top Ten Companies Hiring for Work from Home 
 Twitter 
 Two Suns? Twin Stars Could Be Visible From Earth By 2012 
 Uncategorized 
 Uncovering Unpublicized Job Leads 
 Unemployment Dips - 192K Jobs Added 
 Upcoming Social Media and Tech Events 
 USA Hottest Job Markets 2011 
 Well-paying jobs you can get right out of high school 
 What makes a good boss? 
 What to Do When Your Boss Is Wrong 
 When the New Boss Ruins Your Work Life 
 Where the Jobs Are 
 Which Top 10 Careers Will Pay Better in 2011 
 Who Earns More Than The President 
 Who's Hiring Now 
 Who’s Hiring This Week 
 Women's Career 
 Work At Home Jobs And Programs 
 Work Experience Tips 
 Work Less - Earn More 
 Work-at-Home Real Resources Companies 
 Working moms redefining success 
 Workplace Anxiety Triggers 
 Worst Bosses of 2010 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Older Posts 
 Tag Cloud 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
  the career guide  
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
