
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Hot Damn! it's a Full-time job 
 Have you always dreamt that the job post for your dream job would start with "Wagr is hiring a Product Designer in their Remote office..." and end with "…to work on a social consumer app in sports betting "? Well, wakey wakey, sleepyhead! It's real! 
 About 
 ⭐ About you: our newest super-star addition 
We're growing quickly and are looking for a creative and motivated product designer with experience building consumer social apps. You'll work directly with the founding team to build a product that consumers love and rave about. 
 You will be involved in every aspect of the product development process. 
 You'll be joining us for the most exciting part of our race to launch in early 2021! 
 What you'll do: 
- Create delightful user experiences by building interfaces that are incredibly simple, elegant, and fun 
- Talk to users and look at data to understand how and why our users use wagr 
- Help decide what to build and why, not just make pretty pixels 
- Work with product management to define a successful, repeatable design and discovery playbook 
- Work closely with engineering on executional design work, providing on-the-fly input and direction 
- Help us build out scalable design practices, including the development of component libraries and design patterns 
 Experience & qualifications 
 Show us what you've got! We'd love to see your portfolio. 
- 3+ years experience as a designer with a focus on consumer social products 
- 1+ year of interaction design experience 
- You put users first. You think critically about the implications of what you're building, and how it shapes real people's lives. 
- You are able to provide a portfolio or examples of prior work 
- You have strong visual design skills and a great aesthetic 
- You are able to prototype interactive mobile experiences 
- You think about product strategy and are capable of acting as a Product Manager when needed 
- You communicate nuanced ideas clearly, whether you're explaining technical decisions in writing or brainstorming in real time. In disagreements, you engage thoughtfully with other perspectives and compromise when needed. 
 Nice to have 
- Experience designing games or gamified products 
- Experience with Figma 
- Experience conducting user research 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7961-wagr-product-designer  
 On-site required? 
 No 
 Experience 
 3-6 years 
 Skills 
 Design, Social 
 Date Posted 
 January 12, 2021 
 Managed By 
 Kumi Bailey 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
