  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Southend-On-Sea, England 
 Rate:  £31,371 to £36,876 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 Social Worker 
 We are looking to recruit a Social Worker to be part of a Childrens services based in Southend on sea Essex. 
 Working for south end 
 Southend offer a stable work forces with a long serving, well established senior management team who are always approachable. 
 Flexible working is encouraged by management to allow time to write reports. 
 The Southend Borough is relatively compact so there is limited travelling for work purposes which gives employees more time to complete assignment workloads. 
 Southend caseloads are diverse in make-up offering lots of opportunities to learn new skills and work with new cases. 
 We are not a sleepy seaside town 
 Southend have recently invested in new Social Care technology, transferring to Liquid Logic and offering all employees Mobile Phones and Laptops. 
 Southend on Sea Borough Council offer more than just a team working environment. 
 They are more of a family who support each other to achieve the best possible outcomes for children in the Borough. 
 There is an open, honest and supportive environment with both colleagues and management. 
 Southend host regular team meetings, reviews and supervision for staff. 
 Job Purpose Summary 
 Managing a defined caseload, the Social Worker is responsible for working effectively with children, young people & families/carers to achieve positive change and improved outcomes. 
 This includes enquiry, assessment, purposeful intervention through direct work and review in relation to Child Protection, Child in Need and Children Looked After, achieving permanency through care for Children in Care. 
 What you will to apply 
 , A recognised social work qualification 
, Full HCPC registration 
, Children And Families Social Work experience 
, Car Driver with access to your own car. 
 If you are interested in applying for this role or if you would like information about any roles in your area please call Delanie on the number provided 01772 208964 or email delanie.heyes@servciecare.org.uk, or by applying direct to this advert. 
 Working with Service Care Solutions offers many benefits including: 
 , A specialist consultant within an experienced Social Work recruitment team 
, Consistently excellent rates of pay 
, An extensive range of Social Work vacancies across the UK 
, Payroll service twice a week 
, An extensive and exclusive range of Social Work vacancies across the UK 
, Nationwide provider Social Work staff to over 200 local authorities. 
, Payroll service twice a week 
, Ltd and PAYE payment options available 
, Frequent notifications for upcoming opportunities via text and email 
, Loyalty schemes / bonuses 
, Disclosures provided via fast track online services free of charge 
 Service Care Solutions also offers a £250 referral bonus! So if you know anyone who would be perfect for this role and they are placed into work you receive £250 once their probationary period has been completed 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  Permanent 
 
 
 Rate:  £31,371 to £36,876 
 
 
 Location:  Southend-On-Sea, England 
 
 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 
 Industry:  Other 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 555530 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-11-26 08:46:06 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Adults Social Worker, Modern Slavery and Forced Marriage 
 Adults Social Worker, Safeguarding, Tower Hamlets 
 Estates Surveyor 
 Care Assistant 
 Maintenance Surveyor 
 Social Worker, Discharge to Assess, Lewisham 
 Building Surveyor 
 Social Worker, SGO and Connected Carers, Southwark 
 Gas Engineer Domestic 
 Social Worker, Safeguarding and Family Support, Southwark 
 Adults Social Worker, Physical Disabilities, Ealing 
 Senior Social Worker, Court Team, Home working 
 Qualified Visual Impairment Officer, Kensington and Chelsea 
 Senior CP / CIN Social Worker, Lewisham 
 Team Manager, Early Help, Working from home 
 Child Protection Advisor 
 Administrator 
 Family Support Worker 
 Senior Practitioner - Safeguarding and Support 
 Adult Social Care Debt Management Project Lead 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
