
 
  Navigate OSA      
 
 OIDA 
 OSA Publishing 
 Optics & Photonics News 
 Optics for Kids 
 OSA History 
 
 Optics Education Directory 
 Green Photonics Guide 
 WorkinOptics 
 
 
 
 Not a Member? Join OSA. 
 
 
 Log In 
 
 
   
   
 Toggle navigation  Main Menu 
 
 Job 
Seekers 
 Employers 
 Internships 
 Career 
Fairs 
 Professional 
Development 
 20 Free 
Job Postings  
 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to WORKinOPTICS.com 
 
  Search   
  Browse   
  Explore   
  Your Job Alerts   
  Your Saved Jobs    0 
 
 __Back to Search 
 Software Development Engineer 
 CBRE 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 SAVE [savedJobs]( "Save Job") 
 Software Development Engineer 
 CBRE 
 [](mailto:?subject=Software%20Development%20Engineer&body=I found this job on WORKinOPTICS.com (http://jobs.workinoptics.com) and thought you might be interested. %0D%0A %0D%0A View this job @: https://jobs.workinoptics.com/jobs/14267905/software-development-engineer/ "Email")  
 Application 
 Apply Now 
 The application opened in a new tab. 
 By using this feature you agree to our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy . 
 Details 
 Posted: 
 January 5, 2021 
 Location: 
 Memphis, United States 
 __ Show Map 
 Salary: 
 Open 
 JOB SUMMARY 
 The software developer engineer on the Application and Workflow team creates new software solutions using Microsoft (and other) tools to automate and enhance existing business processes. The Application and Workflow team's objective is to enable the CBRE|ESI business to grow rapidly by providing software solutions rapidly across many different technologies. The software developer engineer in this role will need to be able to adapt to change, learn quickly, be comfortable experimenting and creating prototypes, and be comfortable in a rapidly changing environment. 
 PRINCIPLE DUTIES & RESPONSIBILITIES 
 
 Develop software applications that support business units and processes. These may be specific to a particular client, project or generally applied to support a business initiative or strategy. 
 Design, code, test and debug software applications. 
 Provide technical support to internal software development engineers and customers on newly developed technologies or applications. 
 Provide support for documentation and learning tools for newly developed technologies and applications, including associated training of both internal and external personnel. 
 Assist in troubleshooting project and services related networking issues. 
 Provide technical support to complement company IT resources, where and when appropriate. 
 
 QUALIFICATIONS 
 Education  Requirements  - Bachelor's Degree in Software Engineering, Computer Science, Computer Engineering, or closely related field, or a two-year technical degree in Computer Science or other closely related field. 
 Work Experience 
 
 Minimum two years industry experience in developing software. 
 
 Knowledge 
 
 Must possess a working knowledge of at least one high-level programming language such as C# 
 Should possess a working knowledge of relational database systems 
 Familiar with software development tools, such as Visual Studio 
 Familiar with the Agile project management process 
 Familiar with both Windows and Linux server environments 
 Familiar with the setup of networks and cloud environments 
 
 Skills 
 
 Must be able to work in a team-based collaboration environment 
 Must possess excellent verbal and written communication skills 
 Must exhibit a professional attitude 
 Must maintain a clean and neat appearance 
 
 Functions 
 
 Fluent in common office software applications including Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook 
 Stay abreast of advances in technology and willing to learn how to use new technologies 
 
 CORE ATTRIBUTES, COMPETENCIES AND ABILITIES ATTRIBUTES  Client Focused:  Wants to help customers (internal and external) and seeks to provide them with a service which exceeds their needs constantly and consistently. 
 Interpersonal:  Able to express and present ideas and information clearly, both orally and in writing. Able to gather information and to hear what others are saying and understand what they mean. 
 Initiative:  Takes action and seizes opportunities before being directed by others or overtaken by events. Takes steps to build long-term relationships with customers. 
 Self-Improvement  : Interested in learning new knowledge and skills to develop their own capabilities and effectiveness. 
 Positive Impact  : Presents themselves in a way that creates a good impression. Has a pleasant, friendly style. 
 PHYSICAL ABILITIES 
 Body positions:  This position requires facilities to stand, sit, squat, stoop and kneel while performing all job functions. 
 Body senses:  Must have adequately acute senses of sight, and hearing to detect potentially positive or adverse individual and multiple process function. Additionally, must be able to hear specific conversation in the midst of multiple communication including telephone and personnel simultaneously. Work may require utilizing functions requiring close and distant vision with the ability to focus (may use corrective lenses). 
 MENTAL ABILITIES  Mathematics:  Must be able to perform routine arithmetic calculations typically associated with software applications. 
 Language:  Must be fluent in the presentation of ideas and technical information, convincing and articulate in making presentations in front of clients, vendors, management and personnel with the appropriate command of the English spoken and technical languages. 
 WORKING CONDITIONS 
 
 There may be travel with its associated difficulties. 
 Workdays generally follow office hours plus time associated for significant completion of responsibilities delegated to this position to satisfy internal and external deadlines. There also may be additional responsibilities on an unscheduled basis resulting in additional work hours with considerations made for the normal workday. 
 
 COMMITMENT TO CORPORATE VALUES AND BELIEFS 
 Our Values  Integrity:  Honesty and fairness are essential to the way we treat people and the way we do business. We do what we say we will do. 
 Client Satisfaction  : We go the extra mile to provide services that meet or exceed our customer's expectations. We will offer only the highest quality solutions. We expect to be our customers' best service provider in everything that we do. 
 Our Employees  : We are committed to the development, motivation and recognition of our employees. We provide our employees with the tools, training, and support to achieve excellence in client satisfaction. We believe in a work environment that is fun and in ensuring a proper balance between family and business. 
 Innovation and Improvement  : We look for innovation and continuous improvement in quality, service, productivity and efficiency in all aspects of our business. 
 Our Community and the Environment:  We support volunteerism and the involvement of our employees in service to the communities in which we live and work. We promote and support the protection and care of our environment. 
 Core Beliefs 
 
 Service to the internal client 
 Service to the external client 
 Technology based innovation 
 Honesty and integrity 
 Hard work and continuous self-improvement 
 Excellence in reputation 
 
 
 
 Internal Number: 20028011 
  __  Create a Job Alert for Similar Jobs  
 About CBRE 
 With broader and deeper capabilities than any other company, CBRE is the leading full-service real estate services and investment organization in the world. CBRE Group, Inc. is the world’s largest commercial real estate services and investment firm, with 2017 revenues of $14.2 billion and more than 80,000 employees (excluding affiliate offices). CBRE has been included in the Fortune 500 since 2008, ranking #214 in 2017. It also has been voted the industry’s top brand by the Lipsey Company for 17 consecutive years, and has been named one of Fortune’s “Most Admired Companies” in the real estate sector for six years in a row. Its shares trade on the New York Stock Exchange under the symbol “CBRE.” CBRE offers a broad range of integrated services, including facilities, transaction and project management; property management; investment management; appraisal and valuation; property leasing; strategic consulting; property sales; mortgage services and development services. 
 Connections working at CBRE 
 More Jobs from This Employer 
 More Jobs Like This 
 
 
 
 Optical Systems Scientist 
 __  Santa Barbara, California 
 
 
 
 
 Thorlabs, Inc. 
 __6 Days Ago 
 
 
 Account Manager – Central Region (USA) 
 __  Nationwide 
 
 
 Gooch & Housego 
 __1 Week Ago 
 
 
 Optical Engineer 
 __  Wakefield, Massachusetts 
 
 
 Optikos Corporation 
 __1 Week Ago 
 
 
 
 __BACK TO TOP 
 __ 
 WORKinOPTICS.com is Just  One  of the Benefits. 
 Discover what else OSA has to offer! 
 __ 
 Networking 
 __ 
 Certifications 
 __ 
 Training 
  GET MORE INFO __  
 The job you are trying to reach from  was originally posted at WORKinOPTICS.com. 
 Help is on the way! 
 We're sorry you are having trouble applying for this job. 
 Please try loading this job using the following link before submitting your help request: 
 
 Name: Email: 
 Please provide details: 
 Submit Help Request 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 Need assistance? Please call 1-888-491-8833 Ext. 1854 (Extension Required) or e-mail  customerservice+317612@support.boxwoodtech.com . 
 
 About the Optical Society 
 Contact Us 
 
 Copyright (C)2016 Optical Society. All Rights Reserved. 
