God Is An Ocean 
 It is about the journey of the soul 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 HOME 
 God Is An Ocean 
 I AM GREAT 
 About 
 
 Tag Archives: career 
 The Secret - The Real Law Of Attraction 
 April 20, 2009  by  Denise Gibel-Molini 
 5 
 Technorati Tags:  the ego , The Secret , regression , purpose of life , subconscious database 
 By Denise Gibel-Molini 
 Sometime in the 70’s I came across Norman Vincent Peale W. Clement Stone and Napoleon Hill. Both of these men were amazing motivational teachers. They taught what today is called the “Secret”. Then it was the power of the subconscious mind. Later in the 90’s I had a Spiritual Book store and I began seeing different books on the various “  proven  ” laws of success. These were more steps to achieve the same goals as were promised by Napoleon Hill and Norman Vincent Peale. 
 I believed, and still do to this day that there is an enormous power in positive thinking within the individual. I remember that my year spent in “network marketing” was spent in hours of motivation and the power of positive thinking. During that you I didn’t make money. However, I never even caught a cold, I was never tired, and nothing could break my spirit. It changed my life for the better – just not in the way that I was looking for. 
 I have a problem with all of these secret, hidden, special, scientific methods of attaining ones dreams. They could never pass the kinds of tests required in order to state that a product or a drug was proven effective. I know many many more exceptions to this rule than those for whom the rule has worked. 
 My cousin is the poster child for the anti-law of attraction, or the law of repulsion. The more that she wants something, the more she is convinced to the core that she will never have it. She focuses daily on visualizing her life – long and miserable in failure and loneliness. Yet, after an entire year of this dedication to the negative – in rode prince Charming on his white horse to whisk her away to love and bliss. In fact, most of the people that I know who focus all of their attention on the miserable trick that the universe has played on them, are the exact ones for whom success and opportunity seems to pop up out of no where. 
 Of course, there are those, such as Barack Obama, for whom living in the visualization of being President and sitting in the oval office did work. Then, there are John McCain, Hillary Clinton, and scores of others who also lived “the Secret”, who lost the race and the chair that they each saw themselves sitting in day after day. Yes, there is a law of attraction, but it is greater than we could every imagine, and it rules. You could call it the attraction of fate, or simply the power of the greater plan – the soul’s plan for each of us and for the world. 
 According the today’s science everything is nothing, or energy, consciousness – fields. Various fields of consciousness. So, some believe, and this is what I believe, that the soul is a kind magnetic field. Before it incarnates it programs itself to attract to it the people, places, and experiences that will facilitate its personal goals and the goals set by the accumulation of all souls incarnating in a certain time. We, our fields, are all woven together to form a divine personal and universal tapestry. 
 We attract, and are attracted to only what we chose as souls. And for the soul all experiences are parables. All experiences have within their essence a moral lesson teaching love, faith, compassion, forgiveness, and placing the spiritual above the material. We can find this in each story that we tell of an incident in our own lives. Sometimes it may take years to “get it”, but when we do – we understand the lesson. 
 Part of this process is the ego. The ego is made up of an accumulation of all of our lives on the earth past and present along with all of the emotional experiences that imprinted on it and lie buried within the database of our subconscious mind.  “Whatever the mind of man can conceive and believe, it can achieve.”  W. Clement Stone. This is true, however the kind of belief that is necessary is not belief held in our conscious minds, or our imaginations – it is belief held in our subconscious minds. You see, we live in a world that is neither solid nor three dimensional. It has no time. That is fact, but it is not the belief that is held by our subconscious minds, otherwise we could not share this earthy experience. So belief, is deeper that imagination – it is deeper than reality. 
 To journey into that realm of the subconscious through hypnosis or through deep meditation, is a journey to what is in essence another reality. It is a journey in which we leave our ego behind. What we find when we do, is that this plan, or this series of plans are purposeful and fulfilling in ways that are eternal and not limited to societal programs or past life understandings of what we should our should not want in this one life. 
 What we find, is that the path, however it appeared in our conscious state seems to be a path to joy. Even if we enter into this state to attempt to rewrite the script. We come back knowing, believing that there can be no better script for our lives than the one written. 
 Some of us come into life with a burning desire to be rich and famous. That burning desire comes from the fact that it is the journey written by the soul. And when these people enter that path to wealth and fame – they find that it was nothing that they had ever imagined, in no way free of pain or suffering, in no way self-validating, and that lesson is the moral of their parable. 
 I have a ability to visualize, not so much a persons path, but the purpose of the path – the types of experiences that will bring the story to its true gift. There is a good friend of mine who is a visionary photographer. His work will take people to great places one day. Consciously he is fully aware of the unique beauty in his pictures. And he is frustrated that he cannot sell enough pieces to pay he rent. Although people are taken aback by the beauty of his work, it is not selling. 
 We have done past life regressions. In each life he rose to a different position of social prominence. In each life he was very focused on his career, on his good name and his status in the community. And – in each life he died in deep spiritual and emotional pain because he had passed up his chances for true love and emotional fulfillment. His soul vowed that in this life he would balance both. He was told by his guides under hypnosis that he had to learn that God gave him two hands and he could have fulfillment in each. 
 The last time that we spoke, it came to me that although his material success and public recognition were immanent, his soul would not attract them to him until he was balanced within himself. Until he found his inner power, his inner love and was able to manifest that love in the world as a part of who he was – the material success would remain just outside of his grasp. The purpose of this being that if his material success were to come first, he would then become caught up, as in his many past lives in that alone. Once again he would miss the thing that eluded him life after life. He had to find himself now, to avoid the risk of never finding it, and living a life of emptiness. 
 There is a law of attraction that is at work in our lives from the day that we are born, but the attractor is not our conscious mind but the spirit that lives within us. When we want something and do not get it, it is because it is not something that we want from within our souls. It is perishable. The soul seeks that which is permanent and continuously giving. When we do not get what we want, however badly we believe that we want it, however hard, we believe that we have worked for it. The cause is not our personal failure – it is the success of the soul. We don’t generally know what we really want, we only know what we really want to feel. 
 Society tells us that what we want to fell is in box number one. But if we cannot open box number one, it is because what we want to feel is not in it. Society, those things that we are programmed from childhood to believe are the keys to happiness, are only part of the superficial, impermanent world around us. They are not part of the real and permanent world that is within us, the world that contains the true power. Jesus says, “Seek first the Kingdom of God, and all else will be added unto you.” This means seek for the joy that lies within you. Seek first the foundation that lies within you. Seek first the soul and its treasures that lie within you. Once you have found all the glory that lies within, all else will come. All else will be attracted to you. This is the Law of Attraction. This is the real secret. 
 Whatever we find before we find the kingdom that lies within, will be empty. And if we seek that first, it will consume us to such an extent that we will remain empty for the rest of our lives. No praise, no adulation, no recognition that we may receive from the world, will give us the fullness of self that we are really seeking unless first we seek and become grounded in the foundation that lies within. 
 Posted in  Law Of Attraction .  Tagged  adulation ,  Attraction ,  Barack Obama ,  belief ,  career ,  chances ,  Clinton ,  compassion ,  dedication ,  dreams ,  energy ,  essence ,  failure ,  faith ,  fame ,  fate ,  foundation ,  friend ,  fulfillment ,  Gibel ,  gift ,  glory ,  goals ,  Hillary ,  hypnosis ,  imagination ,  imaginations ,  Jesus ,  John McCain ,  Kingdom ,  lesson ,  Life ,  McCain ,  meditation ,  Molini ,  money ,  motivation ,  Napoleon Hill ,  Norman Vincent Peale ,  Obama ,  pain ,  parable ,  parables ,  path ,  persons ,  plans ,  President ,  prominence ,  purpose ,  Real ,  recognition ,  Science ,  Secret ,  Seek first the Kingdom ,  self ,  series ,  soul ,  souls ,  spiritual ,  status ,  subconscious database ,  tapestry ,  treasures ,  universe ,  visualization ,  W. Clement Stone ,  wealth ,  world 
 Post navigation 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 59 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
   God Is An Ocean 
 
 Astrology, Science and the gods  Denise Gibel-Molini 
 From the Age of Pisces to the Age of Aquarius  Denise Gibel-Molini 
 Understanding Time  Denise Gibel-Molini 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Different Is Special 
 God is an Ocean weekly newsletter - subscribe 
 Growing Into The Mystery 
 Mind Dance 
 PAOLO COELHO 
 Read The Alchemist for free 
 The Power of Being - even more content from the same author 
 
 comoputing 
 
 Make Use Of 
 
 Give for free 
 
 Click to save a life - only costs 30 seconds 
 
 Spirituality 
 
 Simple Thoughts From a Questioning Man 
 The Power of being 
 The Power of Being - even more content from the same author 
 
 Subscribe in a reader 
 
 Subscribe to God is an Ocean by Email 
 Search 
 
 
   
  Top Stories  
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 44,942 hits 
 
 Top Clicks 
 
 None 
 
 Top Posts 
 
 Astrology, Science and the gods 
 From the Age of Pisces to the Age of Aquarius 
 Understanding Time 
 The Late Great American Dream 
 The New Relationship Paradigm - recent lecture on relationships 
 I Believe in America 
 Living With or Without You 
 God Moves The Cheese - How we make major changes 
 The American We Lost; And Need to Recover If We Are to Survive 
 Notes Taken on the Road to Finding Myself 
 
 
 Age of Aquarius   America   awakening   belief   Capitalism   change   connections   consciousness   destiny   faith   fear   fulfillment   God   Government   greed   growth   hope   illusion   joy   Life   love   Obama   poetry   Politics   Relationships   Religion   self-help   spiritual healing   Spirituality   War 
   Subscribe in a reader 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Astrology, Science and the gods 
 From the Age of Pisces to the Age of Aquarius 
 Understanding Time 
 The Late Great American Dream 
 The New Relationship Paradigm - recent lecture on relationships 
 I Believe in America 
 Living With or Without You 
 God Moves The Cheese - How we make major changes 
 The American We Lost; And Need to Recover If We Are to Survive 
 Notes Taken on the Road to Finding Myself 
 There Are No Mistakes or Poor Choices – Only Undesirable Outcomes 
 2012 - The Possible Direction 
 Love Him As Thyself 
 A New Age and A New Science 
 I AM GREAT - SELF-ESTEEM FOR CHILDREN 
 
 Comments 
 
 
 
 
 Will  on  Every Cloud don't Have A… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Lillie  on  Every Cloud don't Have A… 
 
 
 
 Jenifer  on  Every Cloud don't Have A… 
 
 
 Denise Gibel-Molini on  Every Cloud don't Have A… 
 
 
 
 Denise Gibel-Molini on  Every Cloud don't Have A… 
 
 
 
 Denise Gibel-Molini on  Every Cloud don't Have A… 
 
 
 
 Denise Gibel-Molini on  Every Cloud don't Have A… 
 
 
 
 
 youtube.com  on  Every Cloud don't Have A… 
 
 
 
 Fatima  on  There's Something Happen… 
 
 
 Anonymous on  Every Cloud don't Have A… 
 
 
 
 
 Pages 
 
 About 
 God Is An Ocean 
 HOME 
 I AM GREAT 
 
 Top Rated 
 Archives 
 
 January 2017 
 November 2014 
 April 2014 
 January 2013 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 September 2011 
 August 2011 
 June 2011 
 May 2011 
 April 2011 
 March 2011 
 February 2011 
 January 2011 
 June 2009 
 May 2009 
 April 2009 
 March 2009 
 February 2009 
 January 2009 
 December 2008 
 November 2008 
 October 2008 
 September 2008 
 August 2008 
 July 2008 
 June 2008 
 May 2008 
 April 2008 
 
 Tags 
 acceptance   Age of Aquarius   belief   brotherhood   change   changing times   choice   compassion   conscience   consciousness   Democracy   depression   destiny   evolution   faith   fate   fear   freedom   fulfillment   gifts   God   Government   greed   growth   happiness   healing   hope   illusion   Iraq   Jesus   journey   joy   Karma   letting go   Life   loss   love   love poem   Love poems   love poetry   loving   new age   new era   Obama   Oneness   pain   path   peace   poems   poetry   Politics   possibilities   reality   Relationships   Religion   Responsibility   satisfaction   Science   self   self-esteem   self-help   self-love   self-worth   Society   soul   Source   spiritual   Spirituality   subconscious   suffering   trust   truth   unconditional love   understanding   War 
 Recent Readers 
         
 View Entire Community   Provided by MyBlogLog 
 
 "http://www.thehungersite.com/tpc/THS_linktous" 
 subscribe to this feed 
 Subscribe to God is an Ocean by Email 
 
 
 
 January 2021 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 
 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 
 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 
 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 31 
 
 
 
 « Jan 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 spirituality 
 
 spirituality 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 59 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
