WORK WITH INDIES beta 
 Newsletter 
 Browse Jobs 
 Art & Animation 
 Audio 
 Business & Operations 
 Design 
 Marketing & Community 
 Production 
 Programming 
 QA & CS 
 Writing 
 Post a Job 
 Back to all jobs See allDesignjobs 
 Level Designer 
 Thunder Lotus Apply for this Job 
 Posted 
 January 6, 2021 
 Full Time 
 Montreal, QC 
 Remote 
 Thunder Lotus (creators of independent PC and console games  Jotun ,  Sundered , and  Spiritfarer ) is looking for a  Level Designer  to join us in making AAA-quality games with an indie heart. 
 In this role, you'll join a team of passionate and experienced game developers in a project early in the production phase. In this role you will have the opportunity to be the level designer creating all maps of the game, playing a central role in the production for environment and gameplay.  ‍ 
 ‍ 
 AS LEVEL DESIGNER, YOU 'LL: 
 
 Understand the part that your level plays in the overall game experience based on the Creative Director's vision; 
 Be familiar with the world logic of the game and develop within it compelling environmental storytelling setups which expands the lore of the game world. 
 Prototype the environment, establish the layouts, and suggest ways of using the interactive and non-interactive elements to create the desired emotions; 
 Communicate the results of the prototype to the other crafts in order to validate the intentions and have the programming team assess the technical feasibility of the maps; 
 Work in collaboration with the art team to ensure that the playability of the level and the graphic elements support each other; Integrate and use art assets to build the level. 
 Ensure that the flow, timing and pace of the level and the distribution of the element to add variety are in line with the level's place within the game; 
 As the project progresses, integrate the elements produced in the map (new gameplay, AI, sound, etc.); 
 Manage your levels through the full cycle of production from conception to finalization 
 Anticipate technical challenges and correct bugs entered into the database by testers whenever necessary 
 Carry out all other related tasks.  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 ‍  THE IDEAL CANDIDATE: 
 
 A minimum of 1 year of experience in the games industry working in level design or game design, working on a 2D game is an asset 
 Attestation of collegial studies in video game level design and production or equivalent 
 Knowledge of Unity and its technical constraints is an asset 
 A thorough grasp of interdependencies and consideration for how your choices impact other departments 
 Flexibility to adapt to and overcome any hurdles and curveballs that come your way 
 A desire to embrace uncertainty and drive change 
 Great team spirit, great autonomy and good execution skills 
 A positive and humble attitude 
 English and French preferred  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 WE OFFER: 
 
 Competitive salary, benefits and vacation 
 Net revenue sharing 
 A small team with tons of creative ownership over the games we make (original IP) 
 Great work-life balance, we limit crunch as much as possible 
 
 ‍ 
 Thunder Lotus is an equal opportunity employer. We celebrate diversity and are committed to creating an inclusive environment for all employees.  Unusual backgrounds are welcome!  ‍ 
 ‍ 
 ABOUT SPIRITFARER 
 ‍  Spiritfarer  is a cozy management game about dying. You play Stella, ferrymaster to the deceased, a Spiritfarer. Build a boat to explore the world, then befriend and care for spirits before finally releasing them into the afterlife. Farm, mine, fish, harvest, cook, and craft your way across mystical seas. Join the adventure as Daffodil the cat, in two-player cooperative play. Spend relaxing quality time with your spirit passengers, create lasting memories, and, ultimately, learn how to say goodbye to your cherished friends.  What will you leave behind? 
 ‍ 
 ‍ 
 ‍  ABOUT THUNDER LOTUS 
 Thunder Lotus  is a maker of beautifully powerful video games. A passionate collective of AAA, indie, and mobile expats with over 130 years of combined industry experience and 80+ shipped titles, Thunder Lotus aspires to distill its visionary original IP's into captivating interactive experiences that the team itself would love to play. Founded in 2014, Thunder Lotus recently entered its sixth year in the industry with significant momentum and ambition. 
 Founder Will Dubé and friends brought the hand-drawn action-exploration game  Jotun  to Kickstarter in July 2014.  Jotun  and the expanded  Jotun: Valhalla Edition  released to wide acclaim on all major systems from 2015 to 2018. Thunder Lotus' sophomore creation,  Sundered  was initially released in 2017, and saw the release of the expanded  Sundered: Eldritch Edition  in 2018. Thunder Lotus' third production, titled  Spiritfarer  , released with Xbox Game Pass for PC and Console, Xbox One, Windows PC, PlayStation®4, Nintendo Switch ™, Mac and Linux in August 2020, to critical and commercial acclaim. 
 
 Apply for this Job 
 related jobs 
 Theory of Games is hiring a  Game Design Consultantto join their team into work fromAnywhere Game Design ConsultantTheory of Games | AnywhereLearn More 
 Talofa Games is hiring a Lead Game Designerto join their team into work fromAnywhereLead Game DesignerTalofa Games | AnywhereLearn More 
 Thunder Lotus is hiring a Level Designerto join their team into work fromMontreal, QCLevel DesignerThunder Lotus | Montreal, QCLearn More 
 Triband is hiring a Gameplay Designerto join their team into work fromCopenhagen, DKGameplay DesignerTriband | Copenhagen, DKLearn More 
 Triband is hiring a Design Researcherto join their team into work fromCopenhagen, DKDesign ResearcherTriband | Copenhagen, DKLearn More 
 Megagon Industries is hiring a Level Designerto join their team into work fromAnywhereLevel DesignerMegagon Industries | AnywhereLearn More 
 Indie games are wonderful. So are the people that make them. 
 Make wonderful games. Be wonderful people. Work With Indies. 
 Thank you for joining the Work With Indies newsletter! The next issue will arrive on Sunday. 
 Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again. 
 *Sign up to receive a weekly digest of new indie career opportunities. 
 WORK WITH INDIES 
 We’ve been lucky to have some incredible jobs working at and partnering with some of the biggest brands in video games. 
 But we’ve never had more fun and been more fulfilled than when we were working with indie game developers. 
 Everyone in games should have that much fun. 
 Our hope is that Work With Indies will connect job seekers with the most rewarding, most inspirational, and most fun jobs they've ever had. 
 NAVIGATION 
 
 Post a Job 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 RSS 
 Communities 
 Nick's Cat 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 
 nathan@workwithindies.com 
 twitter.com/workwithindies 
 facebook.com/workwithindies 
 
 ^ 
 Made by 
 @natethenate 
 and 
 @nsuttner 
 for people who 
 indie games. 
 © 2021  A Lot of Happy LLC 
