Letters From Away 
 About Maine and Mainers by someone 'from away' 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Contact me 
 My Maine Links 
 
   
 Tag Archives: job interview 
 Crossing fingers after phone interview marred by no bars, technical problem 
 Posted on  November 18, 2010  |  Leave a comment 
 I had a fairly good telephone job interview this morning, despite equipment problems on both ends. 
 And despite me stumbling over some of the questions. 
 Some of the problems started this morning when I tumbled out of bed and checked my cellular phone to make sure that it had charged overnight. I was immediately troubled to see no bars, not one. 
 “OK, don’t panic,” I said to myself, of course, leaving out here the expletives. “I’ll just whip up some congee, grab a shower, and check the bars again. Perhaps a T-Mobile tower is down or something and it will take a bit of time to get it up again. If all else fails, I’ll make a run to Starbucks, troll for a cell signal, and pirate some Wifi. And just sit in my CRV for the interview.” 
 Yes, I do sometimes have extended conversations with myself. 
 Congee, check. 
 Shower and shave, check. 
 Car keys, check. 
 Laptop and cell phone, check and check. 
 Cell phone bars, not so check. Still no bars. 
 So, off I went for the Starbucks. As I drove closer, I checked the bars and the signal seem to be coming in strong. Great! 
 I circled the Starbucks in the Miracle Mile in Stockton and head back to my apartment to go over notes before I planned to return to the Starbucks in time for my interview call. 
 Funny thing, though, as I drove back to the apartment – I started getting more bars. Eureka! A strong signal. Perhaps, just, perhaps, T-Mobile fixed the glitch and I’ll be able to receive the interview in a non-stressful environment sitting at my writing desk in the living room of my apartment. 
 There I sat for more than an hour going over “20 Most Asked Questions In A Job Interview” – of which, the interviewers would later ask only one of the “20 Most Asked Questions In A Job Interview” – and tried to relax just a bit before my 9:45 a.m. call. 
 Everything was going well enough when I took another look at my cell phone at 9:30 a.m. and – PANIC! No bars, again! Ugh! 
 I scooped up my laptop, a notepad, a couple of pens, and my cell phone and headed downstairs to the garage. There I jumped into my CRV, cranked up the engine, and headed – at only slightly excessive speed – to the nearest Starbucks where earlier I had found a strong signal and where I could pirate WiFi. (I say “pirate,” but Starbucks provides free WiFi. Using “pirate” is an attempt at making me more edgy. Did it work?) 
 I parked in the same spot I had earlier, but the cell signal was at only two bars. I didn’t want an every-other-word experience during the interview. I drove around the block trolling for a stronger signal and found one – very nearly in the same spot I had been before going around the block. Time: 9:44 a.m. 
 OK, quick drink of water. Pull out the computer for the notes on the “20 Most Asked Questions In A Job Interview.” Pull out the pad of paper to write down the names of the people on the search committee conducting the interview. Go online for a quick check of email. 
 It was then that the phone rang. I let it ring again, popped open the cell phone, paused – “Hello. … Hello. … Hello!” 
 Nothing. Great! Well what else can go wrong? 
 I tried dialing back a couple of times, but all I got was the ear-piercing tone of a fax machine. Great! 
 OK, don’t panic, don’t panic, don’t panic … DON’T PANIC! 
 Oh, wait, the phone’s ringing again. 
 “Hello. … Hello. … Hello!” 
 Oh, crap, not again. 
 One more attempt to call them. More piercing sounds. OK, OK, OK, I’ll shoot an email to the person who arranged the interview. Under the circumstances, maybe – just maybe – we can reschedule the telephone interview. 
 The email was very nearly set to send when the phone rang one more time. By this time it was five or 10 minutes after the scheduled appointment 
 OK, don’t panic. Let it ring again. 
 “Hello” 
 “Hello, Keith. Sorry for that bit of technical problem …,” said the woman on the other end. 
 Sheesh, that was close. I’ve been out of work for 20 months now and I cannot afford to miss an interview for any reason. 
 The half-hour interview went well enough, I think, especially since it took place over the phone as I sat in my CRV with a laptop balanced on my knees. 
 I stumbled on a few questions. It’s a marketing job and my experience is in straight-up journalism, but several of the interviewers have newspaper experience, so they may have cut me some slack. They gave me verbal feedback and laughed where they should have, so it wasn’t all bad at all. 
 The job would be with a leader in its field and I think skills I honed as a columnist, opinion page editor, editorialist, and essayist could come in handy. The problem would be in having time to write about all the positive aspects. That’s a bit of a change considering all my work experience is in newspaper where much of the news is not good. 
 Well, I’m crossing my fingers. It appears it will be about 30 days before I find out if I was selected, so I’ll be patient and continue my search in the meantime. 
 
 Leave a comment 
 Posted in  Economy ,  Education and Schools 
 Tagged  “20 Most Asked Questions In A Job Interview” ,  CRV ,  job ,  job interview ,  Job search ,  jobless ,  Miracle Mile ,  Starbucks ,  Stockton ,  T-Mobile ,  unemployment ,  WiFi 
 
 
 Stuff about me 
 
 
 My name is Keith Michaud and this is “Letters From Away,” a blog written by a Mainer living outside the comfortable and sane confines of New England. The blog is intended for Mainers, whether they live in the Pine Tree State or beyond, and for anyone who has loved ’em, been baffled by ’em or both. Ayuh, I am “from away.” Worse still, I live on the Left Coast – in California. Enjoy! Or not. Your choice. 
 
 
 Search for stuff 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Stuff on Twitter 
 
 
 My Tweets 
 
 
 Stuff by date 
 
 
 
 
 
 January 2021 S 
 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 
 
 10 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 
 
 17 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 
 
 24 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 
 
 31 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 « Mar 
 
 
 Stuff by tag 
 
 
 Acadia National Park   Afghanistan   aid   Aroostook County   Augusta   Bangor   Bangor Daily News   Bar Harbor   barista   Baxter State Park   brew   caffeinated   caffeine   California   coffee   coffeehouse   coffeehouse observation   coffeehouse observations   Coffeehouse Observer   cup o’ joe   donations   DownEast.com   DownEast Magazine   earthquake   Economy   empresso   Energy   Environment   espresso   exotic java   fishing   Fort Kent   Gov. John Baldacci   Gov. Paul LePage   Gulf of Mexico   Haiti   Haitian   Haitians   Iraq   java   jobless   joblessness   jobs   joe   L.L. Bean   lobster   Maine   Maine Department of Environmental Protection   Maine Department of Inland Fisheries and Wildlife   Mainer   Mainers   Maine State Police   medical marijuana   moose   Mount Katahdin   National Weather Service   New England   oil spill   pastries   Port-au-Prince   Portland   Portland Press Herald   Presque Isle   relief   Rockland   snow   Stockton   tea   turbines   unemployment   University of Maine   University of Southern Maine   wind energy   wind farms   wind power 
 
 
 Stuff I've posted 
 
 March 2018 
 February 2018 
 January 2018 
 November 2017 
 October 2017 
 September 2017 
 August 2017 
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 November 2013 
 February 2013 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 April 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 
 August 2011 
 July 2011 
 June 2011 
 May 2011 
 April 2011 
 March 2011 
 February 2011 
 January 2011 
 December 2010 
 November 2010 
 October 2010 
 September 2010 
 August 2010 
 July 2010 
 June 2010 
 May 2010 
 April 2010 
 March 2010 
 February 2010 
 January 2010 
 December 2009 
 November 2009 
 October 2009 
 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Coffeehouse Observer 
 Domestic Rockstar 
 Keith Michaud's Online Portfolio 
 Letters From Away (Blogger version) 
 Living Downeast 
 Maine Exile 
 Maine Politics 
 Maine.gov 
 Maine.info blogs 
 Maine.info Main Page 
 Strange Maine 
 
 
 
 Stuff people write 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Sarah  on  Higgins Beach, Maine: Surfer’s… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Keith Michaud  on  Sen. Susan Collins Will Vote N… 
 
 
 ernrst hillman iii on  The future looks bright for Ma… 
 
 
 
 
 Tina St John  on  I was nabbed by a ‘legendary’… 
 
 
 
 Keith Michaud  on  I was nabbed by a ‘legendary’… 
 
 
 
 Keith Michaud  on  Poetry of a lake in northern… 
 
 
 Regina Sullivan Font… on  Poetry of a lake in northern… 
 
 
 
 
 Keith Michaud  on  Window to the Woods with Rhon… 
 
 
 
 Keith Michaud  on  Lakes, Islands, Mountains, Moo… 
 
 
 
 Keith Michaud  on  University of the Pacific: A c… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Recent stuff 
 
 How Maine Became a Laboratory for the Future of Public Higher Ed | The Chronicle of Higher Education 
 Angus King Urges Interior Department To Reconsider Offshore Drilling Proposal | Mainepublic.org 
 Maine Voices: Higher education, employers must work together for bright future | Portland Press Herald 
 Stunning reversal: McDaniels turns down Colts’ job to stay with Patriots | The Associated Press via the Portland Press Herald 
 Kennebec River water levels could stay high into next week | Bangor Daily News 
 
 
 
 Email Subscription 
 
 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 30 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 
 
 RSS and stuff 
 
 
   RSS - Posts 
   RSS - Comments 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 No Instagram images were found. 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
