Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Replenishment Analyst 
 Cronos Group Inc. 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Cronos Group is an innovative global cannabinoid company with international production and distribution across five continents. Cronos Group is committed to building disruptive intellectual property by advancing cannabis research, technology and product development. With a passion to responsibly elevate the consumer experience, Cronos Group is building an iconic brand portfolio. Cronos Group’s portfolio includes PEACE NATURALS™, a global health and wellness platform, two adult-use brands, COVE™ and Spinach™, and two hemp-derived CBD brands, Lord Jones™ and Happy Dance™ 
 At Cronos Group, we hire talented people who thrive on solving difficult problems and give them the opportunity to hone new skills and approaches. If you want to play a part in shaping an innovative industry and help build a historically significant company, we want to meet you. 
 About the Role: 
If you love finding and telling the story in the numbers, thrive in complex and ambiguous situations, and possess a strong knowledge in data analysis, then this is the job for you! As the Replenishment Analyst you will be transforming large data sets into insightful reporting, and driving increased sales and inventory positions by designing quantitatively-rooted initiatives and processes. You will act as the sales lead on pricing, creating models and analyzing trends from market. You will also work closely with the internal stakeholders within the organization and retailers, communicating key sales data and metrics to support business decisions. The ideal candidate is energetic, collaborative, and forward- thinking. 
 This position is based out of Toronto, ON. 
 What you’ll be doing: 
Support the Manager of Sales Intelligence by providing and equipping the sales team in the retail/recreational channel with best in class insights and analytical support 
Develop in depth and precise data reporting, KPIs and review processes to contribute actionable and quantified insights of retail performance 
Help to drive, via quantitatively derived proposals, the optimal replenishment of retail level partners on a reoccurring basis 
Provide insights supporting sales planning, including volume forecasting and perspectives on pricing, distribution, and promotional activity and their corresponding sales elasticity 
Build and maintain pricing models, and act as sales lead in cross-functional pricing initiatives, advancing market positioning and profitability 
Observe application of pricing changes in the sales channel, communicating needs for corrective actions where necessary 
Support the sales intelligence function by designing, executing, and maintaining general data workflows (Alteryx modules, excel models/reports). 
Support sales intelligence processes by loading, validating, and transforming data into varied formats 
 Manage the following weekly and monthly analysis reports:  SKU Velocity Analysis, Competitive Activity Analysis, Replenishment Analysis, Customer Strike Rate Analysis, Distribution Analysis, Territory Analysis (Regional, Provincial, Territory), CRM Analysis/Support (Salesforce preferred), Pricing Analysis 
Additional ad hoc duties as required 
 You’ll need to have: 
Bachelor’s degree required 
Three years experience in an analytical role supporting a sales organization, CPG experience preferable 
Able to crunch large and inconsistent data sources into a cohesive data landscape 
Grasp a strategic level view and develop reoccurring granular processes that track and advise relevant performance 
Manage multiple priorities and expectations with exceptional time management and collaboration 
Establish trusted channels of communication, internally and externally, to drive the interests of the organization 
Experience with any of these tools is a good technical foundation for the role: SQL, Alteryx, Excel Pivot, Excel Power Query, VBA, Salesforce, Tableau, Looker, MATLAB, SPSS, Qlik Sense. Knowledge using Alteryx and advanced Excel skills preferred 
 Experience with the following relevant tools and practices: 
 Data intelligence processes:  sourcing, cleaning, mapping, combining, structuring, aggregating, analyzing, reviewing, and presenting data 
Formulas and Expressions (“if, then, else”, “group by”, imputation, Boolean logic, “replace”, etc.) 
Table Joins, Unions (left and right joins, dealing with null values) 
Summary Metrics (time-period comparisons and totals, averages, rankings, quartiles) 
Visualizations (KPI and graph selection, coloring, clarity) 
 Cronos Group supports a diverse and inclusive work environment and we will provide reasonable accommodation for qualified individuals in the job application process. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
