Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Relief Behaviour Support Youth Care Workers - RICHMOND 
 Hollyburn Family Services 
 __Richmond, BC 
 Apply Now 
 At Hollyburn Family Services, we empower growth and inspire change and we’re looking for people to join our team who want to do the same. If this sounds like you, read on. We’d love to have you on our team. 
 At Hollyburn, we value our Relief Team’s contribution to our clients’ well-being and success. Whether you are looking to gather experience in this field on your path to a full time career, or you are looking for flexible, part time work to augment your income or to work around family or school obligations, this may be the perfect opportunity for you. You are a positive, energetic role model who has a passion and skill for providing support, as part of a team, to care for and act as a mentor in supporting the personal growth for children and/or youth. 
 We are looking for Relief (Casual) Behaviour Support and Youth Care Workers for our residential programs in Richmond, BC. Our programs serve children and youth with autism spectrum disorder and at-risk youth with complex mental health issues, behavioural challenges, and/or severe emotional trauma and addictions. We are looking for Relief Workers who can be available for all shifts (7am-3pm; 3pm-11pm; 11pm-7am; 24-hour) and must be available for one weekend day per week. 
 You must have: 
Minimum 2 years’ experience working with children/youth with autism spectrum disorder as well as at-risk children and youth 
Knowledge of the youth justice system 
Minimum high school diploma 
Demonstrated knowledge and experience working with youth with mental health issues, addictions, FASD, cognitive and developmental issues, and attachment issues 
Criminal records check and ability to pass Ministry of Children and Family Development consolidated check 
Clear and concise written and verbal communication 
Availability for weekend shifts and/or 24-hour shifts is an absolute requirement 
Unrestricted BC Class 5 Driver's License is an absolute requirement 
 You’ll score more points if you have: 
Current NVCI or MANDT certification 
Current First Aid/CPR training 
Post-secondary education in a related field 
Knowledge of the Autism spectrum 
Experience and knowledge with First Nations culture and teachings 
Experience with strategy development, mediation, counseling, advocacy, community networking, and life skills management 
Clear, direct and sensitive verbal and written communication skills, especially in times of crisis 
 A small sample of what you’ll be doing: 
Completing daily reports and documentation of events as necessary 
Facilitating recreational and/or educational activities 
Carrying out basic household duties and encouraging youth participation as appropriate 
Assisting with and teaching youth life skills as required 
Encouraging acceptable social standards with youth and helping them set and maintain appropriate limits 
Providing input into assessments and youth care plans 
 Salary:  $20.95-$21.50/hour 
 Because we know you are our most important asset: 
At Hollyburn, the health and safety of our employees, our clients and everyone’s families is our number one priority. We are following all protocols set forth by Provincial Health and local health authorities. We conduct health checks at the beginning of every shift, including personal assessment of health and temperature screening. In programs and in our Administrative offices, we continue to be vigilant of hand washing, high touch surface cleaning and physical distancing. We also require the wearing of masks at all times when working in the program and in public spaces of our Administrative offices. 
 If you’re still reading this and are as excited to join us as we are excited that you read this whole posting, then do not delay! Continue through our process, click the links to get to know us better, answer our screening questions with intention, and attach the required documents: your most recent resume, the front of your BC Class 5 Driver's License, and any relevant and current relevant certifications (e.g. NVCI, Mandt, First Aid). 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
