Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Lifestyle and Programs Manager 
 Chartwell Retirement Residences 
 __Kanata, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Interested in a career that makes a meaningful difference in the lives of others? One where you are valued and respected, listened to, and empowered to live up to your potential? If so, Chartwell Retirement Residences is the place for you. 
 We are always looking for empathetic, positive and passionate individuals committed to Making People's Lives Better. With over 200 residences across Canada, we have an opportunity for you that will make a difference in your life. 
 The Lifestyle and Program Manager is responsible for developing and coordinating meaningful programs and services to meet the social, physical, intellectual, emotional, vocational and spiritual needs of all residents. Assists in maintaining a safe and secure environment for residents, visitors and other staff members. All duties are performed in the best interest of the residents and their families, and in accordance with Chartwell’s vision, mission and values statements. 
 Key Activities 
 Resident Relations: 
Develops, implements and evaluates diversified and meaningful Live Now Programs within its six dimensions of wellness (i.e. social, physical, intellectual, emotional, vocational and spiritual needs), as well as, the Signature Programs associated with each of the six dimensions. 
Develops and prepares communication tools (newsletters, posters, notices, calendars, etc.) designed to provide residents, seniors located in the community and volunteers with information regarding current and future activities and special events. 
Enhances programming and fundraising efforts by coordinating all aspects of the volunteer program and ensures the effective utilization of human and financial resources. 
Responds to resident or family member concerns in a timely manner and ensures appropriate action is taken within decision-making authority and/or brings to the attention of the General Manager. 
Co-ordinates Resident Council as delegated by General Manager. 
Provides residents with information regarding upcoming leisure activities and special events. 
Creates a safe, pleasant, creative and non-threatening recreational environment. 
Utilizes community resources to assist in providing recreation opportunities where appropriate. 
Ensures a high level of resident engagement. 
Plans evening and weekend programs/activities as required. 
 Leadership: 
Participates as a member of the work team and provides support to other team members. 
Implements policies and procedures. 
Recruits, orients, supervises, recognizes and evaluates volunteers. 
Supervises Activity Aides(if applicable) including recruitment, scheduling, orientation, training and development requirements. 
Supervises and coordinates Driver schedule and performance; Coordinates maintenance of vehicle(s); monitors appropriate records for bus safety and maintenance. 
Schedules, assigns and monitors activities and performance. Ensures a safe, pleasant, creative and non-threatening recreational environment. Resolves conflicts and takes appropriate corrective action as required. 
Develops and fosters partnerships within the community. 
Provides volunteers and residents with a safe and comfortable environment by remaining aware of risk management issues that could compromise safety or incur liability. 
Participates as a member of the site management team to develop strategic plans and resolve site specific issues. 
Shares information and resolves conflicts with colleagues and volunteers. 
Liaises with external agencies and individuals from seniors focused organizations, clubs, associations, and community groups to plan and deliver special events, outings, and coordinate services. 
May be required to act as back-up driver for the bus, car and/or sprinter van (in the absence of a driver) 
 Budget & Financial: 
Forecasts, monitors, and manages expenditures from funds allocated to the budget. 
 Marketing & Occupancy: 
Obtains and maintains knowledge of related community links to promote and retain marketability of residence. 
Collaborates with the marketing team to develop events that support marketing’s business plan for the residence. Develops meaningful programs to retain residents. 
Promotes the residence and its activity programs through monthly activity calendars, newsletters, other print media, as well as, digital media (e.g. website). 
Effectively communicates and interacts with residents, family members, visitors and volunteers in a courteous and professional manner. 
 Regulatory Compliance: 
Complies with corporate and provincial legislation requirements, as well as, certification/accreditation standards as set out by related professional organizations. 
Conducts duties in accordance with Chartwell policies and procedures, as well as, government regulations, laws and policies. 
Understands and follows all health and safety policies and procedures. Works safely to reduce the risk of injury to self, other staff members and residents. Promptly reports all actual or potentially hazardous situations. 
Maintains confidentiality of residents’ personal information. 
 Operational & Administrative Systems: 
Utilizes community resources to assist in providing recreation opportunities where appropriate. 
Collaborates with other management team members to complete Chartwell initiatives. 
 Other: 
Performs other related duties as required. 
 Qualifications 
 Experience: 
One to three years’ of related experience ideally in a retirement, long term care or health care environment. 
Previous management experience with people and financial budgets considered an asset. 
Experience in a customer service environment. 
 Education: 
Graduate of a post secondary education program relating to recreation, gerontology, social work or equivalent related experience. 
 Skills & Abilities: 
Intermediate computer skills (Microsoft Office products including Microsoft Publisher. 
Possesses an understanding of the aging process. 
Effective communication (written and verbal) and interpersonal skills (including the ability to interact with residents, family members, community professionals and various health care agencies). 
Knowledge of risk management issues. 
Ability to creatively plan, organize, and direct the delivery of diverse social services and volunteer programs. 
Good planning, public relations, customer service and multitasking skills. 
Excellent time management skills and the ability to work in a fast paced environment. 
 Special Requirements 
 Demonstrates an appreciation for and understanding of the background and needs of individual residents. 
Possesses a cheerful, positive manner/attitude. 
Must be available for flexible hours (including weekends and evenings as required). 
Wears personal protective equipment (or clothing) as required by task, MSDS, or residence policy. 
Class F license (unrestricted) an asset. 
Clean Drivers Abstract 
Eligible for coverage under Chartwell Retirement Residences insurance policy(ies). 
SmartServe/Serving it Right certification may be required. 
Food Handler/Food Safe certification considered an asset. 
Aquatic Fitness Instructor certification may be required. 
Current First Aid/CPR Certificate required. 
Must be prepared to respond to emergency situations. 
Criminal Records Check and Vulnerable Persons Check. 
 Competencies 
 Collaboration/Teamwork 
Creative and Innovative Thinking 
Persuasive Communication (verbal and written) 
Initiative/Action Oriented 
Customer Focus 
Decision-Making and Judgment Leadership 
Motivator 
Planning and Organizing 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
