Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Assistant Professor in Science, Technology and Society Studies 
 University of Alberta 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Faculty of Arts - Media & Technology Studies 
Competition No. - A111742599 
Closing Date - Will remain open until filled. 
 The Faculty of Arts at the University of Alberta invites applications for a tenure-track appointment at the rank of Assistant Professor in the area of Science, Technology and Society Studies. This position will be cross-appointed between Media and Technology Studies and one other department in the Faculty of Arts. A complete list of departments is available here. 
 Applicants should hold a PhD or have a strong expectation of completing the PhD before July 1, 2021. They will have an emergent teaching and research/publication record relevant to the field. They will propose an innovative program of research in the broad area of Science, Technology, and Society (STS) and outline how it complements existing areas of scholarly and pedagogical strength in the Faculty’s interdisciplinary Media and Technology Studies unit and beyond. We seek applications from persons qualified to undertake teaching and research in one or more of the following areas: 
 Anthropology of science and technology; 
History of science and technology; 
Mediating science and technology; 
Philosophy of science and technology. 
 We are particularly interested in candidates who can teach introductory STS courses, as well as offer courses in one or more of the following areas: 
 Digital Humanities; 
Media Studies; 
Game Studies; 
Media production as critical research-creation; 
Queer STS and/or Media Studies; 
Indigenous STS and/or media studies; 
Black Studies perspectives on media and/or STS; 
Intersectional analysis of media and/or STS. 
 Committed to an equitable, diverse, and inclusive workforce, we welcome applications from women, persons with disabilities, Aboriginal Peoples, and visible minorities. 
 Responsibilities will include undergraduate and graduate teaching and supervision, innovative research (publication and grant capture), as well as administrative/committee work. A possible component of this position would be a leadership role on MTS’ BA Science, Technology and Society program. 
 Established in 1908 as a board-governed, public institution, the University of Alberta has earned the reputation of being one of the best universities in Canada based on strengths in teaching, research, and service. With more than 38,000 students and 15,000 staff, the University of Alberta grants over 8,500 degrees annually to graduates of 388 undergraduate and 500 graduate programs. The University’s main campus is located in Edmonton, Alberta’s capital city. The Edmonton metropolitan area is the sixth largest in the country with a population of approximately one million. Edmonton and the University of Alberta are situated on Treaty 6 territory, a traditional meeting ground and home for many Indigenous Peoples, including Cree, Saulteaux, Blackfoot, Métis, and Nakota Sioux. For more information on the University of Alberta and Edmonton, please visit http://www.ualberta.ca and http://www.infoedmonton.com. 
 The Faculty of Arts is the oldest and most diverse faculty on campus and is one of the largest research and teaching centres in Western Canada (https://www.ualberta.ca/arts). For a full list of the Faculty’s and the University’s signature areas of research and creative collaboration, see https://www.ualberta.ca/arts/research/signature-areas.html (Faculty of Arts) and https://www.ualberta.ca/strategic-plan/institutional-priorities/signature-areas-initiative/signature-areas.html (University-wide). 
 Salary will be commensurate with experience and qualifications in accordance with the Faculty Agreement as per the negotiated salary scales and offers a comprehensive benefits package which can be viewed at Faculty & Staff Benefits. 
 Apply online by submitting: 
a detailed cover letter that includes highlights of the candidate's career and qualifications; a statement with regard to their interest in this position; an equity, diversity, and inclusion (EDI) statement; and a list of the names of the three referees who have been asked to submit letters of reference; 
a teaching dossier that includes a brief teaching philosophy, evidence of (potential for) teaching effectiveness, and sample course outline(s) (submit as an attachment under "Statement of Teaching/Research Interests"); 
a research statement that outlines the applicant's main areas of current and future research (submit under "Research Plan"); 
a curriculum vitae (CV) 
 Applicants are further expected to contact their referees and arrange to have them send their letters of reference addressed to the Director of Media and Technology Studies, Dr. Astrid Ensslin, and sent to (MediaTec@ualberta.ca). Please enter “Reference Letter – Assistant Professor, STS" in the subject line. 
 To assist the University in complying with mandatory reporting requirements of the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act (R203 (3)(e), please include the first digit of your Canadian Social Insurance Number at the bottom of your cover letter. If you do not have a Canadian Social Insurance Number, please indicate this at the bottom of your cover letter. 
 Review of applications will start on November 1, 2020. Only those applicants selected for interviews will be contacted. 
 For further information concerning the position, please contact the Assistant Director, Administration, Diane McKen, at dmcken@ualberta.ca. 
 How to Apply 
 Note:  Online applications are accepted until midnight Mountain Standard Time of the closing date. 
 All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. If suitable Canadian citizens or permanent residents cannot be found, other individuals will be considered. The University of Alberta is committed to an equitable, diverse, and inclusive workforce. We welcome applications from all qualified persons. We encourage women; First Nations, Métis and Inuit persons; members of visible minority groups; persons with disabilities; persons of any sexual orientation or gender identity and expression; and all those who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas and the University to apply. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
