Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Animal Care Attendant - ACA1 - 319 - Cowichan 
 BCSPCA 
 __Duncan, BC 
 Apply Now 
 7550 Bell McKinnon Rd, Duncan, BC V9L 6B1, Canada Req #1215 
Wednesday, November 25, 2020 
 POSITION:  Animal Care Attendant – ACA1 
 STATUS:  Casual, on-call 
 LOCATION:  Cowichan & District Branch 
Duncan, BC 
 CLOSING DATE:  December 10, 2020 (midnight ET) 
Submit cover letter and resume to complete your application. 
 Join the team! The BC SPCA Cowichan & District Branch is looking for casual/on-call Animal Care Attendants with the flexibility to cover shifts on short notice – including weekdays, weekends and statutory holidays. Reporting to the Branch Manager, you bring energy and enthusiasm to a team environment while you will participate in all animal care duties and ensure that optimal levels of care are administered to the animals based on the Five Freedoms. You are an energetic team player, with good customer service skills. You also have as a minimum a basic knowledge of animals and animal welfare. You care deeply about animals and uphold the highest animal care standards. 
 What you will do: 
 
 To maintain the entire physical plant in a clean, sanitary, and efficient manner on an ongoing basis and in a collaborative manner 
 To ensure kennels, runs, and cat cages are kept in a manner that is best suited for the animal’s health and welfare as per the ShelterSense protocols 
 To monitor the health and welfare of the animals through the maintenance of up-to-date kennel cards, recording information on whiteboard and daily logs, and completing daily welfare sheets 
 To maintain animals on a proper diet ensuring daily feeding, watering, exercise, and enrichment 
 To perform general bathing and grooming of animals 
 To treat animals humanely, with compassion and concern, and in a manner consistent with the BC SPCA’s five freedoms 
 To perform other duties as assigned 
 
 You will have: 
 
 High school diploma or equivalent 
 Valid Class 5 BC Drivers’ License in good standing 
 Strong desire to provide excellent customer service skills: patience, professional, positive attitude, attention to detail, adaptability 
 Excellent communication skills both verbal and written 
 Resourceful team player who excels at building trusting relationships with colleagues, customers and volunteers 
 Highly motivated self-starter who takes initiative with minimal supervision 
 A sound knowledge of animals, their breeds, characteristics and common diseases 
 Previous kennel or animal care experience will be considered an asset 
 Demonstrable interest in all aspects of animal welfare 
 Philosophical harmony with the mission, vision and strategic direction of the BC SPCA 
 Position is physically demanding and includes heavy lifting, pushing and pulling which requires an individual with the ability to maintain a level of fitness and endurance to fulfill the required duties 
 Computer experience: Windows, Microsoft Office (Outlook, Word, Excel) 
 The animals in our care require attention seven days a week, must be flexible and able to work weekdays, weekends and statutory holidays 
 
 How to apply: 
If you are interested in joining our Cowichan team and are legally entitled to work in Canada, we would like to hear from you. Click on apply now or use the link to apply: https://spca.bc.ca/about-us/careers/ 
 We welcome diversity, value differences, and foster inclusion in our employment practices. We invite applications from all qualified individuals who are philosophically aligned with our mission and guiding principles. 
 We thank you for your interest in the BC SPCA, however; only candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. No telephone calls please. 
Other details 
Pay Type Hourly Hiring Rate $17.00 Required Education High School 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
