
 Skip to primary navigation 
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to primary sidebar 
 
 Work Site Radio 
 
 Home 
 Brands 
 
 DEWALT 
 Bosch 
 Sangean 
 
 
 Affiliate Disclaimer 
 Privacy Policy 
 Contact Us 
 
 Reviews of the BEST Work Site Radios 
 You are here:  Home  /  Brands  /  Bosch  / Bosch Bluetooth Power Box Jobsite Radio – Is This The Best Choice For A Worksite Radio? 
 Bosch Bluetooth Power Box Jobsite Radio – Is This The Best Choice For A Worksite Radio? 
 Are you searching for a good  jobsite radio ? If so, you are in the right place! 
 Today we are going to have a look at the  Bosch Bluetooth Power Box Jobsite Radio  which is a very popular radio specifically made for use on worksites, construction sites or pretty much anywhere where you need some music while you are labouring. 
 We will walk you through the features as well as any extras that you get, and then we will give you a look at what people are saying about this radio and the general customer opinion. 
 We will then advise on the best place to  buy the Bosch Bluetooth Power Box Jobsite Radio  if you decide to. 
 If you are in a hurry and you just want to go straight through to buy the Bosch Bluetooth Power Box Jobsite Radio -  click here and you will be taken through to Amazon.com , you will also be able to see some of the reviews and you will also be able to get lightning fast delivery and a fantastic price! 
 Click here to check out the Bosch Bluetooth Power Box Jobsite Radio at Amazon.com… 
   
  Bosch Bluetooth Power Box Jobsite AM/FM Radio/Charger/Digital Media Stereo PB360C  
 
 BLUETOOTH: The Bosch PB360C Jobsite Radio features Bluetooth connectivity to pair with smart devices, stream internet radio and stored music with range of up to 150-feet, giving you more jobsite freedom 
 STEREO SOUND: Includes Four-way speakers and a subwoofer to project 360 degrees of outstanding sound quality in all directions. Includes separate controls for bass and treble and equalizer customization 
 DURABLE: Featuring a protective aluminum and rubber roll cage and a weather-resistant and dust-resistant design 
 POWER: Runs on Bosch 18-Volt batteries or plugged into a 120-Volt AC outlet. Includes a built-in battery charger for charging and four 120-Volt power outlets for connecting tools and other devices 
 PORTABLE: Take the Bosch PB360C Power Box wherever you need it with multiple carrying handles, compact size, and a weight of 24 lbs. 
 
 $199.00  
 Buy on Amazon 
 Bosch Bluetooth Power Box Jobsite Radio Review: 
 We will start our  review  by telling you exactly what you get with this popular radio. 
 As you can see by the design this radio is made to be portable which is something that you want when you are going to be using this on a jobsite. 
 You will be able to easily manoeuvre this around and set it up wherever you want to. 
 The  Bosch Bluetooth Power Box Jobsite Radio  comes with multiple handles to make it easy for carrying, a compact size and the entire product only weighs 24lbs. 
 You will also get a radio which is very easy to run. You will be able to power this jobsite radio with a 120 V AC outlet. Alternatively, you can run this with Bosch 18 V batteries -  when you go through to Amazon.com  you will be able to pick up those batteries if you need them. 
 The design itself is very robust, this is really what makes it a good radio for construction sites - you will see that the radio is housed within a aluminium and rubber roll cage. It also has a weather resistant and dust proof design - so if you’re working on a busy jobsite with a lot of debris you don’t need to worry about this radio giving up on you! 
 This radio will also give you stereo sound and includes four-way speakers and a subwoofer. Despite the debris and the dust on a construction site, the other thing that you will need is a radio that is loud enough to be able to cut through all the noise! 
 The  Bosch Bluetooth Power Box Jobsite Radio  has been specifically designed to be loud enough to use in most work conditions. 
 The other cool thing about this radio is that the sound system has been designed to give you 360° sound. 
 So, no matter where you are positioned relative to the radio you will be able to hear your music or radio programme clearly. 
 You will also be able to adjust this radio for bass and treble, you can even adjust it exactly how you want it as this radio features an equaliser. 
 As an addition you will also have a USB charging port, this has been made so you are able to charge your Apple iPhone or any other device while you are listening to the radio - which is a nice addition! 
 You can even pair the  Bosch Bluetooth Power Box Jobsite Radio  to your iPhone or any other Bluetooth compatible device and you will be able to stream music through the radio. This is a great addition because it means you will be able to listen to any music that you want if it is on your phone, such as services like Spotify! 
 The Bluetooth also has a range of over 150 feet so you don’t have to worry about a bad connection! 
 Verdict: 
 The  Bosch Bluetooth Power Box Jobsite Radio  gives you everything that you need from a good jobsite radio! Not only will you get a very compact, easy to manoeuvre radio but you will also get a weatherproof system and dust proof to boot! 
 When you add in the fact that you will have Bluetooth as well as four-way speakers and the sub woofer that will make sure that you get quality sound. 
 You will also be able to charge battery packs that you use for your other Bosch tools, so this makes it very useful as a charging station as well. 
 Just remember, when you go to buy the Bosch Bluetooth Power Box Jobsite Radio -  make sure that you pick up the battery packs that will be on offer at Amazon.com , as they are not included with your purchase. 
 Cons: 
 The only thing to bear in mind with this radio is that it does not have a CD player, this does not really matter as you will have Bluetooth but it is just something to bear in mind. 
 
 Where To Buy? 
 We recommend  heading over to Amazon.com and checking out the Bosch Bluetooth Power Box Jobsite Radio . You will be able to see the full product description, you will also be able to see the frequently asked questions and when you order you will get superfast delivery as it is coming straight from Amazon.com! 
 Click here to check out the Bosch Bluetooth Power Box Jobsite Radio at Amazon.com… 
 Customer Feedback: 
 Looking at the people that have left the review on Amazon, the Bosch Bluetooth Power Box Jobsite Radio has really good feedback it has an average rating of 4/5 stars, most people have also left this a five-star review. 
 Some of the things that people loved about this radio were the: 
 Construction - you will find this radio very durable and will not have to worry about it being damaged. 
 Sound quality - the four-way speakers do a fantastic job of filling wherever you are with sound. 
 Bluetooth - most people loved the Bluetooth feature and the ability to stream music! 
 We highly recommend if you’re looking for a good jobsite radio to check this one out at Amazon.com. 
 Click here to check out the Bosch Bluetooth Power Box Jobsite Radio at Amazon.com today… 
 Other Recommendations: 
 If you are still unsure about the  Bosch Bluetooth Power Box Jobsite Radio  as your best choice for a worth construction site radio – check out some of these choices below. 
 I have picked them out as the ‘closest fit’ to the Bosch but you may prefer them. 
 Alternative #1 - DEWALT DCR015 12V/20V MAX Worksite Charger Radio 
 This is our  #1 choice for a worksite radio . It has powerful speakers, Bluetooth, the ability to charge DEWALT battery packs and is also very sturdy. 
 It has also been getting some great feedback and comes at a great price with a warranty, so check this one out first if the Bosch is not for you. 
 CLICK HERE TO READ A FULL REVIEW OF THE DEWALT DCR015 WORKSITE RADIO… 
 CLICK HERE TO GO STRAIGHT THROUGH TO AMAZON TO CHECK THIS RADIO OUT AND SEE SOME OF THE REVIEWS… 
 Alternative #2 - DEWALT 20V MAX/18V/12V Jobsite Radio Compact (DCR018) 
 This radio is a compact version of the  DCR015 . 
 So, if you are not sure about the Bosch but you still want something that puts an emphasis on being small and easy to move around this is for you. 
 Despite this being a smaller jobsite radio, it has a sturdy guard on this so you could use it in a busy construction site without any problems, you will also find that the volume is loud enough on this. 
 A great choice if you want a small, compact all rounder with all the features you need. 
 CLICK HERE TO READ A REVIEW ON THE DEWALT DCR018 JOBSITE RADIO… 
 CLICK HERE TO CHECK OUT THE DEWALT DCR018 AT AMAZON.COM … 
 Alternative #3 - Sangean LB-100 Ultra Rugged Compact AM / FM Radio 
 If you want a jobsite radio that is as small as you can go – this is the one for you. 
 This would be perfect if you are just looking for a radio and something that is sturdy and super easy to move around. 
 If you swap between the jobsite and working indoors a lot, this would be a fantastic choice and has rave reviews. 
 The price is also very good for this! 
 CLICK HERE TO CHECK OUT A REVIEW OF THE SANGEAN LB-100 REVIEW… 
 CLICK HERE TO CHECK OUT THE SANGEAN LB-100 AT AMAZON.COM… 
 Best Selling Jobsite Radios At Amazon.com: 
 Here is a list of the current best selling jobsite radios at Amazon.com. 
 SaleBestseller No. 1 
   
  Milwaukee 2890-20 18V Dual Chemistry M18 Jobsite Radio with Shock Absorbing End Caps, USB 2.1A Smartphone Charging, and 3.5mm Aux Jack  
 
 CHARGE YOUR DEVICES: Keep your phone tucked into the back of the radio and out of harm’s way. Smart phones can be kept in the special onboard compartment that’s loaded with a 2.1A USB charging port 
 SHOCK ABSORBING END CAPS: This radio is built to last, with the rubberized end pieces able weather drops and other impacts regularly found on the jobsite 
 DIGITAL AM / FM TUNER: You can have up to 10 presets stored on this radio at once, letting you and your crew keep your favorite stations stored for easy access 
 STACKABLE DESIGN: The rectangular shape of the radio is designed to sit flush in cars, boxes, and bags while having tools and other supplies stacked on top 
 M18 COMPATIBLE: This Milwaukee power tool works with M18 18v lithium ion Milwaukee batteries. Compatible models include the 48-11-1860, 48-11-1850, 48-11-1828, and 48-11-1815, 48-11-1840, 48-11-1820 
 
 −$9.00 $144.99 
 Buy on Amazon 
 Bestseller No. 2 
   
  Bosch Bluetooth Power Box Jobsite AM/FM Radio/Charger/Digital Media Stereo PB360C  
 
 BLUETOOTH: The Bosch PB360C Jobsite Radio features Bluetooth connectivity to pair with smart devices, stream internet radio and stored music with range of up to 150-feet, giving you more jobsite freedom 
 STEREO SOUND: Includes Four-way speakers and a subwoofer to project 360 degrees of outstanding sound quality in all directions. Includes separate controls for bass and treble and equalizer customization 
 DURABLE: Featuring a protective aluminum and rubber roll cage and a weather-resistant and dust-resistant design 
 POWER: Runs on Bosch 18-Volt batteries or plugged into a 120-Volt AC outlet. Includes a built-in battery charger for charging and four 120-Volt power outlets for connecting tools and other devices 
 PORTABLE: Take the Bosch PB360C Power Box wherever you need it with multiple carrying handles, compact size, and a weight of 24 lbs. 
 
 $199.00  
 Buy on Amazon 
 Bestseller No. 3 
   
  Milwaukee M12 Cordless Job-Site Radio 2590-20 (Tool Only)  
 
 It is easy to use 
 It is highly durable 
 Made in China 
 M12 radio is equipped with premium weatherproof aluminum speakers 
 Contains a weather sealed MP3 compartment 
 
 $126.39 
 Buy on Amazon 
 Reader Interactions 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Comment 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 Primary Sidebar 
 Categories 
 
 Bosch 
 Brands 
 DEWALT 
 Sangean 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 DEWALT 20V MAX Bluetooth Speaker for Jobsite (DCR006) Review 
 Sangean U4 AM/FM-RBDS/ Digital Tuning Radio – Perfect Portable Radio For The Jobsite! 
 Bosch Bluetooth Power Box Jobsite Radio – Is This The Best Choice For A Worksite Radio? 
 Sangean LB-100 Ultra Rugged Compact AM / FM Radio – Best Small Worksite Radio? 
 DEWALT DWST08810 ToughSystem Music Player with Charger Review 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 *  eleven40 Pro  On  Genesis Framework  *  WordPress  *  Log in 
 We use cookies to ensure that we give you the best experience on our website. If you continue to use this site we will assume that you are happy with it.Ok 
