
 Work at Home FAQ™ 
 A lot of life happens from 9am to 5pm, do you really want to spend it in a cubicle? 
 Primary Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 About 
 Learn 
 Press 
 Reviews 
 Subscribe 
 Ask us anything! 
 
 Search 
 Secondary Menu 
 
 Mystery Shopping Monday 
 Track Your Treasure Tuesday 
 Work at Home Wednesday 
 Talkin' Shop Thursday 
 Fraud Friday 
 
 Our Promise: NO fluff, NO BS, NO scams, NO "get rich quick" schemes... 
 Just the honest truth about working from home with legitimate companies and resources to get you started and keep you motivated! 
 Check it out! 
 Post navigation 
 <- Will a company still contact me if I ignore their emails? 
 Who Mystery Shops Walt Disney World Cruise Lines? -> 
 Real or Scam: House Manager Job Ad 
 Posted on   by  
 Watch this episode on YouTube: 
 Listen to this episode on SoundCloud: 
 Work at Home FAQ  ·  Real or Scam: House Manager Job Ad 
 Dear WAHFAQ, 
 _I saw this job ad for a house manager, but something seems off. Can you tell me if it 's legit or not before I apply? _ 
 The job description itself seems fairly reasonable: the employer is looking for someone to help with housework, running errands, (most likely) child/family care, cooking, and assistance with events. Basically, it looks like a glorified job description for a housekeeper position. 
 And frankly, it is not unusual for well-to-do families to hire house managers to get daily chores and activities accomplished. What is unusual, however, is for those families to post on Craigslist. That is really the major red flag for me - where it is posted, not the information contained. 
 Think about this job ad from the poster's perspective: If you have the type of lifestyle that requires "property manager" assistance - do you have the time to sit and go through emails, resumes, interview perspective candidates, contact references, and background checks? Probably not. Most likely, you'd seek the advice of the friends in your circle for references, or go through an agency to find people who are already pre-vetted. 
 I've seen scams looking for "house managers" that use this type of ad to draw people in. Then, once contact has been established, the prospective employee is required to provide their social security number, and other personal information for the hiring process. Which - for a regular job isn't unusual - after all, the employer needs to pay wages and taxes. However, all of this is done sight-unseen. There is no in-person interview because the employer is "so busy", there is no virtual interview, because the employer is "traveling" or has "spotty Internet", (the excuses run the gamut), and really the whole process is set up to just get personal information from prospective candidates to commit identity theft. There is no job to begin with - just a trap to reveal personal information. 
 So, my verdict? Potential scam - just make sure you meet your prospective employers in person, and do research on them just as much as they'll be doing on you. Don't give out any personal information without doing your own due diligence! 
 If you're interested in house manager type of work, I'd recommend finding local agencies that you can sign on with, or going through sites like  care.com  to create a profile and find work in your area. 
     Think about all the extra money you could make by being a mystery shopper, starting your own business, or working from home for a  legitimate  company.  Take control of your income  and check out our  LEARN  page for a list of classes, books, and more! 
 Sign up for the Work at Home FAQ newsletter   and enter to win monthly giveaways like free books, classes, or telephone/Skype consultations! 
 Disclaimer: Links to products and services throughout the website, videos, and blog may or may not contain affiliate links. This means, we may or may not earn a small commission from sales originating through this website.  We would not recommend any product that we wouldn’t use ourselves, regardless of whether we earn commission or not. 
 Additionally, while we adhere to strict standards of editorial integrity to help you make decisions with confidence, the content provided is a means to educate and inform and should not be a substitution for professional advice for your specific situation. 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Tumblr (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Reddit (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) 
 Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Related 
 Posted in  Fraud Friday  | Tagged  Craigslist ,  house manager ,  job ad ,  scam ,  work at home  |   Leave a reply 
 Post navigation 
 <- Will a company still contact me if I ignore their emails? 
 Who Mystery Shops Walt Disney World Cruise Lines? -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 Pinterest 
 YouTube 
 Instagram 
 SoundCloud 
 
 Start making extra income today! Updated books available now! 
   
 Search 
 Quick Reference 
 Work at Home FAQ 
 Mystery Shopping FAQ 
 Get the newsletter and receive info on legitimate work at home jobs, freelance gigs, how to avoid scams, mystery shopping, and self-employment! 
 Name  Email Address 
 Submit 
 Categories 
 Work at Home Questions 
 Scam Questions 
 Mystery Shopping Questions 
 Home Business Questions 
 Money Management Questions 
 Home Business Profiles 
 Videos 
 Follow us on Facebook! 
 
 Follow us on Facebook! 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 Pinterest 
 YouTube 
 Instagram 
 SoundCloud 
 
  Privacy Statement, Policies, and Disclaimers  
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Our Commitment 
 
 Work at Home FAQ is a 
 Queen of the Random Job  site 
 Copyright © 2021  Work at Home FAQ™ . All Rights Reserved. 
 I defend my copyright 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
