Skip to content 
 
 MinBane 
 I write what I like. 
   
 Tag: The Jobless Brotherhood 
 On Hon. Nsereko: he is an Imposter of the Yellow, not so “independent” apparently! 
 The former  National Resistance Movement  Member of Parliament in the Buganda Caucus cannot be seen as anything else than a skeleton of political figure after the reason actions by the man. He has been in the 9th Parliament into squabble with his mother-party NRM as he fought against it and even won as NRM Rebel MPs like Hon.  Muhammed Nsereko  tried to find a new  “home”.  That ended up sort-of being affiliated with the  Forum for Democratic Change  as he was running as an  " Independent" . Nsereko had to take his rebel case all the way to Uganda’s Supreme Court and won over the State of Uganda there in midst of October 2015. Something that is just a year ago, now! 
 So after winning a seat in Parliament again, he ran wild on trying to upset the NRM rule of the August House of Parliament with ousting Hon.  Jacob Oulanyah  , he tried to do what the wifes of Hon. Oulanyah does, without making it apparently because Oulanyah came this time. Hon. Nsereko wanted to be the Deputy Speaker and be the underling of Hon  . Rebecca Kadaga. 
 That was flawed from the get-go as the NRM Machine was working overtime and giving money for new suits and such to bribe the MPs into submission and get the MPs that Mzee trusted to follow the guidelines of his MPs. So Hon. Nsereko who tried with his posing as the Opposition candidate and the man to stand for FDC, DP and UPC to be the man for them to have, as the  August House of Parliament  deserved his service and his work ethic to keep the Parliament in order. That was something that wasn’t working as the service rendered from the bribed MPs came into order and his candidacy as flawed it could be. 
 After this and just being an MP and working as normal, even as the wealthy business man, who even these days have proven his wealth. He even showed up on the Independence Celebration of Mzee at Luuka District all smiling with the First Lady  Janet Museveni  and all of his noble clan of dignitaries. Where they we’re celebrating the independence in the name of greed and glory of the Movement. 
 So when he did so and when this week started as the man under Buganda Caucus was expecting money the Caucus to silence the Opposition and even trying to persuade the MPs there to go for working for the Ruling Regime. This was happening as an event we’re given directly from the State House 500m shillings. That we’re partly directed by the "Independent" man Hon. Nsereko who had been smiling in Luuka.  The proof is right there… 
 If you cannot believe it now, it is right there and visible like a the sun is shining. The former NRM Rebel, isn’t really a NRM Rebel as his cash-cow and money hungry soul who owns a parts of Football Club and even apartments’ in Zambia doesn’t’ want to divorce himself from NRM, that is just a play of guards and to look good in public  . In reality with all of connections and with the knowledge that you need to know people and grease people to do business; the Hon. Nsereko must use the entire extended network for his personal gain.  As he did in the Opposition, something he really wasn’t when you look into it. 
 So the pictures of his acts, his words against the Defiance and the  Jobless Brotherhood  another way of seeing that he isn’t really a opposition or wishing to be so. He we’re just there because he rebelled and now he tries to get back into the mother-party and good graces. Therefore smiling with Janet on the Independence Day and acting all sort of giddy while the affiliated with the FDC during the campaigns who he supposed to represented we’re detained, house-arrested and silenced at that moment. Though Nsereko we’re initially running as an  “independent”  because of his past aggression and misbehaving in Parliament: so this independent candidate isn’t that independent as he now could just become Yellow again if he was honest with himself and his stature; though that is in the mercy of Mzee and his  NRM Electoral Commission . 
 We can now see his true Yellow colours, they are waving as flags in the wind. There are no questions that the rebel isn’t as rebellious as his greed and guts are more important that standards and development. His own personal interests and wealth is more important, just like the monies for cars, expenses and extra engorgements through the Parliament as MP is vastly more peculiar to him than delivering any policy or change that matters for his Buganda Constiuency. Trust me, he will only be a puppet for the NRM machine in this 10th Parliament, that is why he is there, though in fake pretence as a “Independent” because nothing about this man is “independent”.  He is currently a stooge under the portfolio of Mzee.  Peace! 
 Share this: 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Author   nilspeace Posted on  October 12, 2016October 13, 2016 Categories  Africa ,  Business ,  Civil Service ,  Development ,  Economic Measures ,  Economy ,  Election ,  Ethics ,  Governance ,  Government ,  Law ,  Leadership ,  Politics Tags  10th Parliament ,  10th Parliament of Uganda ,  2011 General Election Uganda ,  2016 General Election ,  2016 General Election Uganda ,  9th Parliament ,  9th Parliament of Uganda ,  Action Aid ,  Badru Kiggundu ,  Badru Kigundu ,  Beti Kamya ,  Central Kampala ,  Col. Dr. Kizza Besigye ,  Col. Kizza Besigye ,  Col. Kulagye ,  Daily Monitor ,  David Sejusa ,  Deputy Chief Justice Stephen Kavuma ,  Don Wanyama ,  Dr Badru Kiggundu ,  Dr Badru M. Kiggundu ,  Dr. Col. Kizza Besigye ,  Dr. Kizza Besigye ,  Dr. Olara Otunnu ,  Dr. Tanga Odoi ,  Dr. Warren Smith Kizza Besigye Kifefe ,  East Africa ,  EC ,  Electoral Commission ,  Empty Suits ,  Eng. Dr. Badru M. Kiggundu ,  FDC ,  Forum for Democratic Change ,  Gen. David Sejusa ,  Gen. David Sejusa aka Tinyefuza ,  Gen. Mugisha Muntu ,  Gen. Otafiire ,  General Sejusa Tinyefunza ,  GoU ,  Government of Uganda ,  Greed ,  H. E. Yoweri Kaguta Museveni ,  H.E. Yoweri Museveni ,  Harold Kaija ,  Harold Kajja ,  Hon. Beti Kamya ,  Hon. Betty Amongin ,  Hon. Jacob Oulanya ,  Hon. Jimmy Akena ,  Hon. Joshua Anywarach ,  Hon. Mohammed Nsereko ,  Hon. Nathan Nandala-Mafabi ,  Hon. Rebecca Kadaga ,  Hon. Rwamirana ,  Hon.Muhammad Nsereko ,  Independent Electoral Commission ,  Jacob Oulanya ,  Jacob Oulanyah ,  JEEMA ,  Jimmy Akena ,  Jobless Brotherhood ,  Joshua Anywarach ,  Kahinda Otafiire ,  Kampala ,  Lt. Gen. Yoweri Kaguta Museveni. ,  M-Pigs ,  Maj General Mugisha Muntu ,  Maj. Gen Kahinda Otafiire ,  Maj. Gen. Mugisha Muntu ,  Major General Mugisha Muntu ,  Member of Parliament ,  Members of Parliament ,  Michael Kabaziguruka ,  Mohammed Nsereko ,  MP ,  MPIGS ,  Mrs. Beti Kamya ,  Mugisha Muntu ,  Muhammad Nsereko ,  Nathan Nandala-Mafabi ,  National Resistance Movement ,  Norman Tumuhimbise ,  NRM ,  NRM Regime ,  NRM-UPC ,  Olara A. Otunnu ,  Opposition ,  Oulanyah ,  Parliament ,  Parliament of Uganda ,  PPS Don Wanyama ,  President Museveni ,  Rebecca Kadaga ,  Rt. Hon Rebecca Kadaga ,  SC Victoria University ,  Secret Ballot ,  Sports Club Victoria University ,  Stephen Kavuma ,  Suits ,  Tamale Mirundi ,  Tanga Odoi ,  The Jobless Brotherhood ,  Tinyefuza ,  Uganda ,  Uganda General Election 2016 ,  Uganda Peoples Congress ,  Uganda Premier League ,  UPC ,  UPC-NRM ,  Yoweri Kaguta Museveni ,  Yoweri Museveni ,  Zambia Leave a comment on On Hon. Nsereko: he is an Imposter of the Yellow, not so “independent” apparently! 
 My letter to Hon. Nsereko on recent outburst on NBS towards the Jobless Brotherhood! 
 Dear Muhammad Nsereko, whoever you are affiliated with and assemble with; I write to you today. Because of your words that you uttered on NBS TV Uganda yesterday and needs to be put some reflection on. Your wealth and continued terms in the Parliament makes you blind the reality. First your own words, than my take on you Honoarable! 
 Hon. Muhammad Nsereko on NBS TV Yesterday: 
 “This is not new in Parliament. These are young men being given ‘something’. My immediate reaction was  , ‘ohh, I saw this coming’.  Pigs were thrown in front of Prophet Muhammad’s house several times. All this is happening because I didn’t support defiance.  Most bloggers writing about me are Besigye apologists. They are just being used by Besigye  ,” (…) “These people’s next move is  ‘occupy Parliament’,  I know everything. If the demonstration was about greedy Parliamentarians, wouldn’t it be us? I think not, because we don’t represent that category.” 
 Yep, you’re a brutal speaker and direct as always. That you are connecting  Norman Tumuhimbise  and his  Jobless Brotherhood  with the  Forum for Democratic Change  former Presidential Candidate Besigye; Mr. Tumuhimbise has been arrested, attacked and gotten abducted for his campaign against the NRM. This is the same as Besigye, which is what they have in common Hon. Nsereko. The reason why you are not in the NRM anymore is both of your own implications and also because you know Kampala is hostile to NRM. Therefore to win your seat your alliance with others to get your place in the National Assembly; so you should be a bit more soft-spoken about the people who has opened their arms to you! Looks like to me that you don’t represent Kampala but only yourself and selfish rich interests. 
 There been reports before you we’re detained in 2012 that you we’re flashing a FDC sign as you reacted to your stances in Parliament and becoming parts of rebellious MPs of the 9th Parliament. Still, that doesn’t sound real. If you don’t believe my sayings, it is something you can look at when there is a report about you in 2013; that says this: 
 “Politically,  Nsereko has been representing NRM in a constituency of Kampala central which has always been very hostile to NRM . His support base has been made of frustrated Kampala dwellers that are fed up of NRM due to numerous reasons ranging from the challenging economic situations, the high taxes, rent, Jennifer Musisi’s hostile activities of the KCCA’ constant evictions” (…) “Economically speaking; while his accomplices who have been surviving on proceeds from parliament are definitely going to find the economic aspect to find life difficult to cope with, Nsereko is instead likely to enjoy himself.  This is because he is known to be very wealthy with financial connections at home and abroad  ” (…) “Those close to him claim that he is one man who can seal a deal of a million dollar in just two hours. But the NRM might counter this economic advantage by using the money laundering law to stop the foreign dime from flowing to him. And indeed at the height of his disagreement with his party leadership,  Nsereko was arrested and detained in crane bank for obtaining huge unexplainable amounts of money  ” (News.ugo.co.ug, 2013). 
 So you are one of the men with massive amounts of monies in Crane Bank, maybe you can become their investor? Your connections can really change guards as you have gone from being NRM to become who you are now. That you are hostile to KCCA and Dr. Musisi is not alone, maybe she is stifling your millions and secret agreements that secure your funding and wealth as the connections are used establish yourself. 
 You had to be kicked out of NRM, still yesterday you are an apologist for the Movement still. Honourable you have just used your place after the ceased trial to cater to opposition while still being loyal to NRM. As I am sure all your rich connections are and still are. Your wealth has to come from the ruling regime and not from dust. With this in mind what you did in 2015 we’re not a surprise: 
 “Serbian Simo Dubajic has brought his colourful 4-year association with SC Victoria University to an end after sanctioning the sale of the Uganda Premier League club to the Kampala Central Member of Parliament (MP) Muhammad Nsereko in a major takeover (70%)” (…)  “MP Nsereko is one of the richest MPs in the country with sources close to youthful legislator intimating to us that Nsereko has got huge investments in the Zambian capital Lusaka and St. Livingstone a suburb in Zambia  ” (Muneza, 2015). 
 Now that the foreign wealth in Zambia, owning a Football Club and other unknown wealth as you have already lately showed of your court while going to Parliament; shows how far away from the average man you have become. You’re the NRM Elite, the man who represents the ones who has earned on your allegiance towards the Movement. Therefore your defense of yourself and the acts of greed in Parliament is not shocking. 
 It would be shocking if you stood by the principals of honesty and accountability. Than you have had to show your wealth in public and not just flaunt it like you do now. Hon. Nsereko you’re a wealthy man in gold and silver, also ambition, but not in respect. You’re tactless and dishonest. You play games for your own gain and not caring about the ones you represent in Kampala. 
 Clearly your wealth is your pride, but Hon. Nsereko you might have your wealth and cash-flow more than I can ever dream of. But with that you have to kiss the ring of NRM even when you outside of the Party. You’re a loyal dog to the  ‘Old Man with the Hat’  as you know this is the only way to survive the businesses and valuable estates. You can think your Teflon and has the power with your riches. But Hon. Nsereko it is borrowed and when the time is it, it might go into the wind as quickly as your raised it. 
 That you now trying to connect innocent Norman Tumuhimbise of Jobless Brotherhood with the FDC and Besigye; they are both opposition and work for the same cause getting rid of the draconian regime of Museveni. Still, the reality is that they are only working for the same, but are not run by either or. Hon. Nsereko tries to connect all kind of demonstrations on Besigye and blame him for the difficult political climate. Instead of seeing that people doesn’t’ always work on the same cause together.  Even if the NRM has to connect the MPs in USA to a seminar to get them benefitted and bribed in line, as much as the “training” at Kyankwanzi after the election is supposed to do the same.  There is supposed to be the same between Tumuhimbise and Besigye. If you can find the missing MoU between FDC and Jobless Brotherhood I wish you the best in your duck-hunt hon. Nsereko! 
 In 2015 in an interview Mr. Tumuhimbise said this: 
 “None: One [Mbabazi] whose wife is currently admitted has been part of the past regime and I do not think he can change what was there. The other [Besigye] said he will not come back provided Kiggundu is the Chairman Electoral Commission, he is now back. Surprisingly,  If Muntu had gone through, I would be with him running around the whole country, it’s a personal opinion though  ” (Tukel, 2015). 
 So Hon. Nsereko before you pick your words knows about the ones you describe, but the wealth has blinded you. The leader of Jobless Brotherhood would have campaigned for Gen.  Mugisha Muntu  and not even Besigye, the man who apparently using him for his cause. Not like you are being used by the Movement for their cause to look like Opposition. While you in reality are NRM in clothes of opposition just like Hon.  Beti Kamya  and so many others. Can’t you just talk to Dr.  Tanga Odoi  and others trade with them like Gen. Otafiire and then you might get a place back again where you rich soul belongs. 
 Do you know something else that I agrees with Mr.  Tumuhimbise  said in 2015: 
 “(Journalist questions him) Rate the current government in one word? 
 Norman answers  : It is taken up by greed !” (Tukel, 2015). 
 Hon. Nsereko he is speaking about you and your kind who buys football clubs instead of good governance. He describes your disrespectful behaviour and your trading graces to gain popularity. You don’t care about your constituency Hon. Nsereko as you are addressing the  Jobless Brotherhood  this way. Like  Action Aid  said in their stats that  62%  of all Youth between 20-31 years in Uganda that year in 2015. I am sure honourable that the numbers are most likely the same today. Surely some of the unemployed youth that Tumuhimbise is parts of his demonstrations, as much as there are even more in of them in the Central Kampala. 
 You are the greedy man that Tumuhimbise is acting upon and that Besigye wants accountability in Parliament and in Government. Something that might look into your portfolio and your connections Honourable  Nsereko  ;  that is why you are connected to men you don’t want to disclose and at the same time you want to attack the men who are not like you! 
 That should you think about if you ever read these humble words I have written to you. Peace. 
 Reference: 
 News.ugo.co.ug – ‘LIKELY NOT TO SHOUT MORE: MP’s Ssekikubo and Nsereko’ (18.04.2013) link:  http://news.ugo.co.ug/likely-not-to-shout-more-mps-ssekikubo-and-nsereko/ 
 Muneza, Stephen – ‘MP Muhammad Nsereko Buys SC Victoria University’ (29.01.2015) link:  http://www.chimpreports.com/mp-muhammad-nsereko-buys-sc-victoria-university/ 
 Tukel, Lyn – ‘One on One with IUIU’s Norman Tumuhimbise, the Jobless Brotherhood Founder’ (21.11.2016) link:  https://campusbee.ug/lifestyle/commentary/one-on-one-with-iuius-norman-tumuhimbise-the-jobless-brotherhood-founder/ 
 Share this: 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Author   nilspeace Posted on  September 19, 2016September 19, 2016 Categories  Africa ,  Business ,  Civil Service ,  Development ,  Economic Measures ,  Economy ,  Election ,  Ethics ,  Governance ,  Government ,  Law ,  Leadership ,  Politics Tags  10th Parliament ,  10th Parliament of Uganda ,  2011 General Election Uganda ,  2016 General Election ,  2016 General Election Uganda ,  9th Parliament ,  9th Parliament of Uganda ,  Action Aid ,  Badru Kiggundu ,  Badru Kigundu ,  Beti Kamya ,  Central Kampala ,  Col. Dr. Kizza Besigye ,  Col. Kizza Besigye ,  Dr Badru Kiggundu ,  Dr Badru M. Kiggundu ,  Dr. Col. Kizza Besigye ,  Dr. Kizza Besigye ,  Dr. Tanga Odoi ,  Dr. Warren Smith Kizza Besigye Kifefe ,  East Africa ,  EC ,  Electoral Commission ,  Eng. Dr. Badru M. Kiggundu ,  FDC ,  Forum for Democratic Change ,  Gen. Mugisha Muntu ,  Gen. Otafiire ,  GoU ,  Government of Uganda ,  Greed ,  Hon. Beti Kamya ,  Hon.Muhammad Nsereko ,  Independent Electoral Commission ,  Jobless Brotherhood ,  Kahinda Otafiire ,  Kampala ,  M-Pigs ,  Maj General Mugisha Muntu ,  Maj. Gen Kahinda Otafiire ,  Maj. Gen. Mugisha Muntu ,  Major General Mugisha Muntu ,  Member of Parliament ,  Members of Parliament ,  MP ,  MPIGS ,  Mrs. Beti Kamya ,  Mugisha Muntu ,  Muhammad Nsereko ,  National Resistance Movement ,  Norman Tumuhimbise ,  NRM ,  NRM Regime ,  SC Victoria University ,  Sports Club Victoria University ,  Tanga Odoi ,  The Jobless Brotherhood ,  Uganda ,  Uganda General Election 2016 ,  Uganda Premier League ,  Zambia Leave a comment on My letter to Hon. Nsereko on recent outburst on NBS towards the Jobless Brotherhood! 
 Letter: "Re: City Hall Cr. Case 767/14: Uganda v. Norman Tumuhimbise & ANDR (26.05.2016) 
 Share this: 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Author   nilspeace Posted on  May 31, 2016May 31, 2016 Categories  Africa ,  Civil Service ,  Development ,  Election ,  Ethics ,  Governance ,  Government ,  Law ,  Leadership ,  Politics Tags  Bart Katureebe ,  Beatrice Khaniza ,  Chief Justice Bart Katureebe ,  H. E. Yoweri Kaguta Museveni ,  H.E. Yoweri Museveni ,  Isaac K. Ssemakadde ,  Jobless ,  Jobless Brotherhood ,  Lt. Gen. Yoweri Kaguta Museveni. ,  M-Pigs ,  M-Pigs Activist ,  National Resistance Movement ,  Norman Liberty Tumuhubise ,  Norman Thumuhimbise ,  Norman Tumuhimbise ,  NRM ,  NRM Regime ,  President Museveni ,  Robert Manyanja ,  The Jobless Brotherhood ,  Uganda Court Reporters Association ,  Uganda Law Society ,  ULS ,  Yellow Pigs ,  Yoweri Kaguta Museveni ,  Yoweri Museveni Leave a comment on Letter: "Re: City Hall Cr. Case 767/14: Uganda v. Norman Tumuhimbise & ANDR (26.05.2016) 
 Good News: Christoper Aine Come’s Back from the "dead”; but the question remains - What did really happen? 
 I have written about this before, since there was no clarity of what happened after the Election Violence between NRM Supporters and Go-Forward Supporters in the Ntungamo clashes.  That was on the 13th December there with NRM People and Regional Commander involved in the sponsoring of the violence,;therefore the Don Museveni said the famous words of never playing with the  Leopards Anus . The Go Forward camp got detained and the NRM supporters got facilitated with monies for their hurt; because the only Ugandans that matters is the ones that follows the vision of the Don. 
 The Good News: 
 _" Christopher Aine, Amama Mbabazi's security aide has resurfaced alive and well, four months after he reportedly went missing. Aine has handed himself over to government, according to Gen. Salim Saleh. A soft spoken Aine says he spent the last four months hiding in Tanzania. At the height of Aine's disappearance, his family accused police of being in possession of their relative. Social media was later awash with a photo purported to be Aine's body. During the entire time of his 'disappearance', police maintained it was not in possession of the aide who was reportedly picked up by police in December_” (NBS TV Uganda, 07.04.2016). 
 Before all of this, the Inspectorate General of the Police Kayihura took out Cash Reward for telling where he was on the new-years. That was necessary skeptical about since it seemed so strange from the Police Force and the amount of detaining the opposition.  Especially since this kind of thing happens the detaining family members for questioning the authorities for his whereabouts. That former Police Intelligence worker and now Political Analyst Charles Rwomusushana for posting a picture on social media get detained and questioned at Special Investigation Unit at Kireka. That Norman Tumuhimbise of the Jobless Brotherhood who went looking in the missing person in Nakaseke District without look; and second person to offer reward for finding the man.  So with all of these actions while nobody coming up front with great details. And the Police through CP Fred Enaga claiming this and that do not secure the family. While later the Police Slamming the Family of Aine to create drama about his status. That while the son still not-knowing the whereabouts. 
 So the picture of a seemingly dead man makes a person suspicious when it comes to a Police Force who shots journalist and detain opposition without trials or court verdicts, henceforth the initial thoughts went to he was dead. The assumption should not be weird knowing the violence from the Police Force and the Army in the Pre-Election Period. 
 On 11 th January 2016 I wrote this one the case: 
 “The starting spin-control in the end of December 2015; show’s a man like me that they know more then what they are telling the public. So we can question what is happening, I don’t have the answers, it just don’t add up. The Police know more then what they release, the Go-Forward team comments are direct, and the family of Aine has been upfront from the get-go since it their son and family member. They are the only ones in this who has been totally truthful and saying how they feel. Something they are entitled to and they should be the first ones to gain information on the matter”  (Minbane, 11.01.2016). 
 We had the right to question what happen and what we’re the truth, as the Authorities and the Go-Forward Group tried to either deflect or attack each other, while the family and Civil Society Organization, together with Political activist went in to try to find answers. 
 Even with him surfacing today, there is many unanswered questions where was he really? Who has supported him while being gone? Why did the Police detain his family member, Rwomusushana and Tumuhimbise? Because there must be reasons for the issues the Government had with them trying to find out his whereabouts and question the Police in their search for him. The supposed death and the intelligence if the government had it; could have issued something else then the Spin-Control that was done during the month of January in 2016. 
 It’s good news that has surfaced in the home of Gen. Salim Selah, brother of Mzee, the former General of Intelligence. That the military man sheds light on the giant question that has been in public during the Pre-Election Period and the worry of the Go Forward Security Officer.  There were many reasons for this, as the violence from the government could be put in question and the militarized politics that the President Museveni stands for. 
 When the truth get shed light on and when we can see who coined the most for his disappearance and the agreements for hiding him. Then we will truly know the truth behind it, because parts of the disappearance are still in the dark and the play it did on the Hon. Amama Mbabazi campaign. Also what did President Museveni have done when it comes to the disappearance as well, because the NRM regime could have done a lot and shed light on matter; but that didn’t happen at all! 
 So the story will continue to unfold and many questions remain,  where was Christopher Aine during the Pre-Election Period, and why did he surface today?   Peace. 
 Share this: 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Author   nilspeace Posted on  April 7, 2016April 7, 2016 Categories  Africa ,  Civil Service ,  Development ,  Election ,  Ethics ,  Governance ,  Government ,  Law ,  Leadership ,  Politics Tags  2016 General Election ,  2016 General Election Uganda ,  2016 Presidential Election ,  Amama Mbabazi ,  Amama Mbabazi Security Team ,  Charles Rwomushana ,  Christopher Aine ,  CP Fred Enaga ,  Edward Kale Kayihura ,  Fred Enaga ,  Gen. Kale Kayihura ,  Gen. Salim Selah ,  Go-Forward ,  Go-Forward Group ,  Go-Forward TDA ,  GoU ,  Government of Uganda ,  H. E. Yoweri Kaguta Museveni ,  H.E. Yoweri Museveni ,  Hon. Amama Mbabazi ,  IGP Gen Kale Kayihura ,  IGP Kale Kayihura ,  Jobless Brotherhood ,  John Patrick Amama Mbabazi ,  Kale Kayihura ,  KIreka SIU ,  Kireka Special Investigations Department ,  Leopards Anus ,  Lt. Gen. Yoweri Kaguta Museveni. ,  Nakaseke District ,  National Resistance Movement ,  Norman Tumuhimbise ,  NRM ,  Ntungamo ,  Ntungamo Clashes ,  Ntungamo Muncipality ,  President Museveni ,  Salim Selah ,  SiU Kireka ,  Special Investigation Department ,  Special Investigation Unit ,  TDA ,  TDA U ,  TDA Uganda ,  The Democratic Alliance ,  The Democratic Alliance Uganda ,  The Jobless Brotherhood ,  Uganda ,  Uganda General Election 2016 ,  Uganda People Defence Force ,  Uganda Peoples Defence Force ,  Uganda Peoples Defense Force ,  Uganda Police Force ,  Uganda Presidential Election 2016 ,  UPDF ,  UPF ,  Yoweri Kaguta Museveni ,  Yoweri Museveni Leave a comment on Good News: Christoper Aine Come’s Back from the "dead”; but the question remains - What did really happen? 
 Jobless Brotherhood Leader Arrested: Norman Tumuhimbise picked from home by security (Youtube-Clip) 
 _" Norman Tumuhimbise one of the leaders of the political pressure group Jobless Brotherhood has been taken into Police custody following yesterday’s incident at State House Nakasero when a Piglet was dropped in protest at the Electoral Commission’s handling of Feb. 18th Presidential and Parliamentary Elections. _Tumuhimbise was picked up from his home Kasubi today morning by security operatives. His wife who preferred that we protect her identify spoke to Reporters who arrived shortly after her husband had been bundled into a car and whisked away" (WBS TV, 02.03.2016). 
 Share this: 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Author   nilspeace Posted on  March 2, 2016March 2, 2016 Categories  Africa ,  Business ,  Civil Service ,  Development ,  Election ,  Ethics ,  Governance ,  Government ,  Law ,  Leadership ,  Politics Tags  2016 General Election ,  2016 General Election Uganda ,  2016 Presidential Election ,  Civil Society Organization ,  CSO ,  Demonstration ,  East Africa ,  Edward Kale Kayihura ,  Gen. Kale Kayihura ,  GoU ,  Government of Uganda ,  IGP Gen Kale Kayihura ,  IGP Kale Kayihura ,  Jobless ,  Jobless Brotherhood ,  Kale Kayihura ,  Kampala ,  Kasubi ,  M-Pigs Activist ,  NGO ,  Non Government Organization ,  Non-Governmental Organization ,  Norman Thumuhimbise ,  Presidential and Parliamentary Election ,  State House ,  State House Nakasero ,  The Jobless Brotherhood ,  Uganda ,  Uganda Police Force ,  Uganda Presidential Election 2016 ,  UPF ,  UPF SFC ,  UPF Special Forces Command ,  Yellow Pigs Leave a comment on Jobless Brotherhood Leader Arrested: Norman Tumuhimbise picked from home by security (Youtube-Clip) 
 The Jobless Brotherhood statement on the Yellow Pig outside the State House (29.02.2016) 
 Share this: 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Author   nilspeace Posted on  February 29, 2016February 29, 2016 Format  Image Categories  Africa ,  Business ,  Civil Service ,  Development ,  Election ,  Ethics ,  Governance ,  Government ,  Law ,  Leadership ,  Politics Tags  2016 General Election ,  2016 General Election Uganda ,  Badru Kiggundu ,  Dr Badru Kiggundu ,  Dr Badru M. Kiggundu ,  EC ,  EC Uganda ,  Eng. Dr. Badru M. Kiggundu ,  H. E. Yoweri Kaguta Museveni ,  H.E. Yoweri Museveni ,  IEC ,  IEC Uganda ,  Independent Electoral Commission ,  Independent Electoral Commission Uganda ,  Jobless Brotherhood ,  Lt. Gen. Yoweri Kaguta Museveni. ,  National Resistance Movement ,  Norman Thumuhimbise ,  NRM ,  President Museveni ,  The Electoral Commission ,  The Electoral Commission of Uganda ,  The Jobless Brotherhood ,  Uganda General Election 2016 ,  Unemployment ,  Youth Unemployment ,  Yoweri Kaguta Museveni ,  Yoweri Museveni Leave a comment on The Jobless Brotherhood statement on the Yellow Pig outside the State House (29.02.2016) 
 Press Release: Ugandan Parliament justifies commercialisation of Elections (12.10.2015) 
 
 This is just a reminder,putting in mind that many of these parliamentarians have stayed in those offices for 10 or so years, with a few innocents ones, who are yet to join the give me money I do by your will category, since they are either pretenders or legislators who silently kill you slowly. 
 Around last week, the Members passed a law stating that Presidents must pay 20million and members of Parliament paying 3million just as nomination fees. Not surprising though, but unrealistic in the current situation where we are struggling to build the sense of money out of Uganda’s politics. 
 As Ugandans, I realized we forget sooner than even a hen, many of these legislators took part in University politics and hardly had posters for their campaigns, went to the constituency when nomination fees were as low as they couldn’t even afford, communities contributed to see them through, and today they have the power to stand and say, “let members of parliament pay 10million”, because you don’t want another young man do be helped by the community to reach your level. 
 Members of Uganda Parliament, you have behaved more like a pig than a dog, this is a pity but you have opened up the country in to voter buying right from nomination to election, since you want only those who have the money like that of yours from unknown sources to come as leaders, kicking out those with little but clean money but with leadership ideas. As you enjoy your honey moon, remember some wedded couples separate just after leaving the church on wedding day. 
 From Ojobile Augustine 
National Mobilizer of The Jobless Brotherhood 
 Share this: 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Author   nilspeace Posted on  October 12, 2015 Categories  Africa ,  Civil Service ,  Election ,  Ethics ,  Governance ,  Government ,  Law ,  Politics Tags  Augustine OJobile ,  Constitution amendment bill 2015 ,  Election ,  Members of Parliament ,  Members of Uganda Parliament ,  MPS ,  MPs Nomination Fee ,  Nomination ,  Nomination Fee ,  Parliamentary Elections (Amendment) Bill of 2015 ,  Presidential Act 2005 ,  Presidential Election 2016 Uganda ,  Presidential Nomination ,  The Jobless Brotherhood ,  Uganda Parliament Leave a comment on Press Release: Ugandan Parliament justifies commercialisation of Elections (12.10.2015) 
 Search for: Search 
 The New Posts 
 
 Hennessey Tales Part V: Sonko is bitter and ready for vengeance 
 Economic Freedom Fighters (EFF): EFF Statement on the Uganda Elections Outcome (18.01.2021) 
 Movement for Democratic Change - Alliance (MDC-Alliance): Statement on the just Ended Uganda Election (18.01.2021) 
 Opinion: Bobi Wine has two choices ahead [either to follow Besigye’s advice or become compromised in Parliament] 
 Kenya: Ministry of Interior & Coordination of National Government - Updated Response against Crimes in Kapedo (18.01.2021) 
 Burundi: CFOR-Arusha - Communique de Presse (16.01.2021) 
 My Honest Letter to President Museveni: Congratulation, you have created your own 1980 Election in 2021! 
 Sudan: UN chief calls for protection of civilians as violence spikes in Sudan’s West Darfur (18.01.2021) 
 Uganda Media Centre: Media Statement on Uganda General Elections January 2021 (18.01.2021) 
 Zambia: Alliance for Community Action - Press Statement on the Settlement of Illegally Earned Emoluments by Ministers (18.01.2021) 
 Umbrella for Democratic Change (UDC): Press Release on the Ugandan Elections (17.01.2021) 
 RDC: Lucha - Detention de nos huit Camarades a Beni : Quatre faits d'Une Persecution Premeditee (16.01.2021) 
 Operation “Enzikiza eyitiridde” in Kampala Part II: A 1000 NUP Polling Agents kidnapped! 
 Uganda Decides: IGAD EOM Preliminary Report is hot garbage 
 Ethiopia: Abiy’s Regional Conflict in Tigray 
 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Archives 
 
 
 January 2021 
 
 
 December 2020 
 
 
 November 2020 
 
 
 October 2020 
 
 
 September 2020 
 
 
 August 2020 
 
 
 July 2020 
 
 
 June 2020 
 
 
 May 2020 
 
 
 April 2020 
 
 
 March 2020 
 
 
 February 2020 
 
 
 January 2020 
 
 
 December 2019 
 
 
 November 2019 
 
 
 October 2019 
 
 
 September 2019 
 
 
 August 2019 
 
 
 July 2019 
 
 
 June 2019 
 
 
 May 2019 
 
 
 April 2019 
 
 
 March 2019 
 
 
 February 2019 
 
 
 January 2019 
 
 
 December 2018 
 
 
 November 2018 
 
 
 October 2018 
 
 
 September 2018 
 
 
 August 2018 
 
 
 July 2018 
 
 
 June 2018 
 
 
 May 2018 
 
 
 April 2018 
 
 
 March 2018 
 
 
 February 2018 
 
 
 January 2018 
 
 
 December 2017 
 
 
 November 2017 
 
 
 October 2017 
 
 
 September 2017 
 
 
 August 2017 
 
 
 July 2017 
 
 
 June 2017 
 
 
 May 2017 
 
 
 April 2017 
 
 
 March 2017 
 
 
 February 2017 
 
 
 January 2017 
 
 
 December 2016 
 
 
 November 2016 
 
 
 October 2016 
 
 
 September 2016 
 
 
 August 2016 
 
 
 July 2016 
 
 
 June 2016 
 
 
 May 2016 
 
 
 April 2016 
 
 
 March 2016 
 
 
 February 2016 
 
 
 January 2016 
 
 
 December 2015 
 
 
 November 2015 
 
 
 October 2015 
 
 
 September 2015 
 
 
 August 2015 
 
 
 July 2015 
 
 
 June 2015 
 
 
 May 2015 
 
 
 April 2015 
 
 
 March 2015 
 
 
 February 2015 
 
 
 January 2015 
 
 
 December 2014 
 
 
 November 2014 
 
 
 October 2014 
 
 
 September 2014 
 
 
 August 2014 
 
 
 July 2014 
 
 
 June 2014 
 
 
 May 2014 
 
 
 April 2014 
 
 
 March 2014 
 
 
 February 2014 
 
 
 January 2014 
 
 
 December 2013 
 
 
 November 2013 
 
 
 October 2013 
 
 
 September 2013 
 
 
 August 2013 
 
 
 July 2013 
 
 
 June 2013 
 
 
 May 2013 
 
 
 April 2013 
 
 
 March 2013 
 
 
 February 2013 
 
 
 January 2013 
 
 
 December 2012 
 
 
 October 2012 
 
 
 September 2012 
 
 
 August 2012 
 
 
 July 2012 
 
 
 June 2012 
 
 
 April 2012 
 
 
 March 2012 
 
 
 February 2012 
 
 
 January 2012 
 
 
 December 2011 
 
 
 November 2011 
 
 
 RSS - Posts 
 
 
 RSS - Comments 
 
 
 Follow Blog 
 If you want to follow this blog - add your mail here. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Blogroll 
 
 Acholi Times 
 All Africa 
 Ann Therese 
 Bergen Anglicans 
 Bistandsaktuelt 
 Daily Monitor UG 
 Derrida the Constructionist 
 Eirik Soldal 
 Faith C. 
 Focus Uganda 
 Green Ubuntu - Lars Thore Fadnes blogg 
 Gretha's Univers 
 Joylyuki 
 Katolikken 
 Laget 
 SARA PIHL. NÆRE PÅ. 
 Semuwemba 
 THE #LJfiles 
 Twino Speaks! 
 Vakre Fullmåne 
 
 MinBane   Website Powered by WordPress.com . 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 %d bloggers like this: 
