
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Can You Believe It?! it's a Full-time job 
 HOLY MOLY! Google is hiring an Illustrator / Motion Designer to work on the future of payment experiences in their Bay Area, CA office. 
 About 
 The Payments Platform team builds components, patterns, and experiences that support all of Google’s payment flows from Google Ads to YouTube. Because we’re a platform team it’s our responsibility to think systematically about how all of our work affects the rest of the platform and to come up with the most scalable and reusable designs possible. 
 This design role is a hybrid role of illustration, animation, and visual design. You'll develop our platform's illustration style and library as an extension of Google's Material Design style and you'll bring those illustrations to life through animation. You'll also work with other UXers to create specs for UI motion and transitions that help scale our platform componentry. 
 We’re looking for a meticulous designer who can take ownership and identify opportunities to communicate and deliver the highest-quality motion and visual design guidelines to UX designers and engineers alike. 
 Company Links 
 
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7977-google-illustrator-motion-designer  
 On-site required? 
 No 
 Experience 
 Under a year 
 Date Posted 
 January 13, 2021 
 Managed By 
 Jay Joichi 
 Perks 
 
 Work from home 
 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
