[ 
 Work-Life Feed 
 ](https://worklifefeed.com/ "Work-Life Feed") 
 Rediscover Life. Just Do Work! 
 Search for: 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 News 
 Digest 
 
 Working Life 
 
 myMentor 
 Marketplace Faith 
 Millennial & GenZ 
 
 
 Life in Style 
 
 Life Coach 
 Retirement 
 LifeMap 
 
 
 Tech/Gadgets 
 Professional Institutes 
 
 
 Directory 
 Index 
 
 Worklife Index 
 Gender Equality Index 
 
 
 Work-Life Balance 
 Blogs 
 
 Akinspire. 
 Couples on a Journey. 
 
 
 
 Ruth Bader Ginsburg Best Career Advice In One Sentence 
 Posted on  September 21, 2020  by  akin Adeleye   Leave a comment 
 Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg Getty Images for Berggruen Institute 
 With the passing of the iconic Supreme Court Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg, many Americans have poured encomiums on her. Some wants her memory to be a blessing, others have formed an RBG hashtag revolution. The hashtag followers are promising to fight every day, as did  #RBG  to achieve  #EqualityForAll . 
 RBG (Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg) was until recently, the United States Supreme Court Justice. She is acclaimed to have lived an amazing life, impacting the lives of others before she died at 87, September 2020. She was appointed in 1993 by President Bill Clinton. 
 People were drawn to her for different reasons. For some, it is how she consistently delivered progressive votes on the most divisive social issues of the day. Issues such as abortion rights, same-sex marriage, voting rights, immigration, health care and affirmative action. Will a career advise from her take you from good to great? 
 Insight and nuggets of career advice from her can actually apply to everyone, regardless of career stage. 
 Ruth Bader Ginsburg And A Good Career Advice 
 Four years ago, Ruth Bader Ginsburg wrote an article in the  New York Times  in which she offered her advice for living. 
 In the article, she says: "Another often-asked question when I speak in public: "Do you have some good advice you might share with us?" Yes, I do. It comes from my savvy mother-in-law, advice she gave me on my wedding day. 
 "In every good marriage," she counseled, "it helps sometimes to be a little deaf. I have followed that advice assiduously, and not only at home through 56 years of a marital partnership nonpareil. I have employed it as well in every workplace, including the Supreme Court. When a thoughtless or unkind word is spoken, best tune out. Reacting in anger or annoyance will not advance one's ability to persuade." 
 
 " It helps to be a little deaf" 
 
 Her line, "it helps to be a little deaf," might just be the best piece of career advice ever given. And, like so many of her insights, her intuition is firmly supported by research. Being deaf to thoughtless and unkind words is essential to having a successful and fulfilling career. 
 Resilience, Response To Criticism And Letting Go 
 For example, tens of thousands have taken the online test " How Do You React To Constructive Criticism? " And we've learned that, when receiving tough feedback, fewer than a quarter of people are really able to let go of their anger and start moving forward. 
 But those who can respond effectively to tough feedback (i.e., tuning out the unkind words) are 42% more likely to love their job. 
 Research has also shown that people who do well at forgiving others (i.e. letting go of their anger and resentment) typically experience fewer negative physical health symptoms, like disorders of the cardiovascular or immune system. 
 Being able to tune out the thoughtless words you're guaranteed to hear, isn't just important to keep yourself psychologically healthy, it's also a necessary ingredient for resilience. That is, one's ability to bounce back quickly from failure, adversity, stress, etc. 
 
 " If you can keep yourself from perseverating on unkind words hurled in your direction, you're far more likely to pick yourself up, dust yourself off, and go right back to what you were doing." 
 
 Resilient Like A Ruth Bader Ginsburg? 
 And we need resilience right now. Data from the  online Resiliency Test  has discovered that fewer than a quarter of people have high resilience right now (you may want to test your own resilience). 
 In the study  Employee Engagement Is Less Dependent On Managers Than You Think , 11,308 employees were surveyed about their engagement at work. And the study revealed that employees' self-engagement (i.e. their personal outlooks like resilience, optimism, proactivity, etc.) can actually matter more than working for a great manager. 
 One of the discoveries from the study is that employees with high resilience are 310% more likely to love their jobs than employees with low resilience. And 136% more than employees with even moderate resilience. 
 Whether you want greater success or more happiness, whether you work from home or in an office, everything begins with Ruth Bader Ginsburg's timeless and elegantly simple words, "it helps sometimes to be a little deaf." 
 How The Pursuit Of Audacious Goals Can Marry Thoughtless Or Unkind Words 
 Anyone who pursues big or audacious goals (like being the second woman to serve on the U.S. Supreme Court) is going to hear some thoughtless or unkind words. To help yourself, tune out those words, and implement Ginsburg's advice, here's a little trick. 
 
 " Reacting in anger or annoyance will not advance one's ability to persuade." 
 
 You may also like,   Tips For Building Better Relationships 
 Whenever someone hurls some unkind words your way, ask yourself, "What are the facts here?" Set aside the other person's emotions (e.g., their anger, resentment, accusations, jealousy, etc.). Then, listen only for whether there are any facts. 
 Living A Remarkable Life, The Ruth Bader Ginsburg Way 
 Imagine someone says to me, "you're an idiot for thinking that project would work, you didn't even calculate an ROI. Only a moron would do something that stupid." 
 There are plenty of unkind words in that diatribe. But there's also a fact, namely, that I didn't calculate an ROI. So I will take that fact (which is quite useful) and focus on it to the exclusion of the unkind words. By staying factual, we stay calmer. We're then better to discern the one or two nuggets that are often contained within even the most thoughtless and unkind comments. 
 Ruth Bader Ginsburg led a remarkable life. And while we might not equal her legendary career heights, we can all apply her advice. We can be a little deaf to thoughtless and unkind words. As she notes,  " Reacting in anger or annoyance will not advance one's ability to persuade." 
 Myfwl/Work Life Feed  has adapted the write up for our readers .  Click here to view the original write up at www.forbes.com 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Telegram (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Pinterest (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) 
 Click to email this to a friend (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 tagged with  anger ,  career growth ,  featured ,  myMentor ,  resilience ,  Ruth Bader Ginsburg ,  work-life ,  work-life balance ,  work-life feed frontpage ,  working from home ,  working_life 
 
 myMentor 
 Work-Life 
 Work-life Feed Front Page 
 Working Life 
 
 Thank you for visiting, leave a comment, start a conversation.  Cancel reply 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Search 
 Search for: 
 Sort by  Relevance  Newest first  Oldest first 
 Work Life And Career Video 
 https://youtu.be/ckQVNR_Cs5M 
 Worklife Daily 
 Worklife: The Secret To Working Anywhere […] 
 Worklife: Unsatisfied With Her $400 Million Net Worth, Jennifer Lopez Wants Even More […] 
 Worklife: Coronavirus: Six Critical Actions Employers Need to Take to Help Women at Work […] 
 Worklife: India Women Vs Patriarchy: Challenges Women Face At Work And What Can Be Changed […] 
 Worklife: This Is The No 1 Thing Retirees Miss About Their Work Life […] 
 
 
 Recent 
 
 
 Popular 
 
 
 Comments 
 
 
 BBC Worklife 09-15-Jan-2021: Why Self-Compassion – Not Self-Esteem – Leads To Success 
 
 
 January 17, 2021 
 
 Happiness Cannot Be Described, But Can It Be Pursued? 
 
 January 11, 2021 
 
 BBC Worklife 01-08-JAN-2021: Why Our Pursuit of Happiness is Flawed 
 
 January 10, 2021 
 
 Worklife Crafting Because Worklife Cannot Be Balanced 
 
 January 9, 2021 
 
 Define Work-Life, Work-life Balance And Quality of Work-life 
 
 August 20, 2020 
 
 Worklife Balance Or Integration - What's The Difference? 
 
 October 8, 2020 
 
 Define Gender Equality Index. Work-Life Balance 
 
 September 25, 2020 
 
 Balancing Entrepreneurship And Personal Life 
 
 August 27, 2020 
 
 BBC Worklife 09-15-Jan-2021: Why Self-Compassion – Not Self-Esteem – Leads To Success - Work-Life Feed  on  Balancing Entrepreneurship And Personal Life 
 Happiness Cannot Be Described, But Can It Be Pursued? - Work-Life Feed  on  Balancing Entrepreneurship And Personal Life 
 Happiness Cannot Be Described, But Can It Be Pursued? - Work-Life Feed  on  BBC Worklife 01-08-JAN-2021: Why Our Pursuit of Happiness is Flawed 
 BBC Worklife 01-08-JAN-2021: Why Our Pursuit of Happiness is Flawed - Work-Life Feed  on  Balancing Entrepreneurship And Personal Life 
 
 Worklife Journal 
 post: Top Talent Recruiters Guide On How To Make The Most Of This Moment […] 
 post: Being A Good Boss In Dark Times […] 
 Post: Headed Back To The Office? These Are Your Rights As An Employee […] 
 Post: Returning To Work Won't Be Easy. Have A Plan For It […] 
 Post: Free Yourself from What You “Should” Be Doing […] 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 
 Tags 
 
 
 January 2021  (6) 
 
 
 December 2020  (2) 
 
 
 November 2020  (18) 
 
 
 October 2020  (41) 
 
 
 September 2020  (39) 
 
 
 August 2020  (59) 
 
 
 July 2020  (65) 
 
 
 June 2020  (2) 
 
 
 May 2020  (2) 
 
 
 March 2020  (2) 
 
 
 February 2020  (6) 
 
 
 December 2019  (1) 
 
 
 May 2019  (1) 
 
 
 January 2019  (1) 
 
 
 December 2018  (3) 
 
 
 November 2018  (1) 
 
 
 September 2018  (2) 
 
 
 August 2018  (5) 
 
 
 Akinspire.  (23) 
 
 
 Blogs  (18) 
 
 
 Career  (12) 
 
 
 Company News  (8) 
 
 
 Couples on a Journey.  (7) 
 
 
 Directory  (14) 
 
 
 Executive Wellbeing Index  (1) 
 
 
 Gender Equality Index  (3) 
 
 
 Government & Workplace  (14) 
 
 
 HR in the Business  (2) 
 
 
 Index  (7) 
 
 
 Life Coach  (3) 
 
 
 Life in Style  (19) 
 
 
 LifeMap  (2) 
 
 
 Marketplace Faith  (4) 
 
 
 Millennial & GenZ  (1) 
 
 
 myMentor  (14) 
 
 
 News  (38) 
 
 
 Professional Institutes  (6) 
 
 
 Retirement  (3) 
 
 
 Tech/Gadgets  (8) 
 
 
 Work-Life  (248) 
 
 
 Work-Life Balance  (14) 
 
 
 Work-life Feed Front Page  (253) 
 
 
 Working Life  (48) 
 
 
 Worklife Daily  (42) 
 
 
 Worklife Digest  (64) 
 
 
 Worklife Index  (7) 
 
 
 Worklife Journal  (25) 
 
 
 Worklife Podcast  (2) 
 
 
 Akinspire   bad boss   blogs   Career   career burnout   coronavirus   COVID-19   engaged employee   featured   friendship   government_n_workplace   healthy work environment   Life   life_in_style   Mental Health   mentor   myfunworklife   myfwlpost   myMentor   News   pandemic   Purpose   Relationship   remote working   social networks   talent development   toxic workplace   wellbeing   Wellness   work-family balance   work-life   work-life balance   work-life blend   work-life daily   work-life feed frontpage   work-life harmony   work-life integration   work from home   working from home   working_life   worklife digest   worklife directory   worklife journal   workplace bullying   workplace conflicts 
 Get Social with Work-Life Feed 
 
 Home 
 News 
 Digest 
 Directory 
 Index 
 Work-Life Balance 
 Blogs 
 
 Facebook Connects 
 
 Facebook Connects 
 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Aimlessly walking through life? 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Disclaimers 
 Worklife Feed Disclaimer Statement 
 
 Housekeeping 
 
 About Worklife Feed 
 Contact Us 
 Cookie Policy 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Follow Us 
 
 Twitter  
 Instagram  
 Facebook  
 Pinterest  
 YouTube  
 
 We need your consent 
 We use cookies on our website to give you the most relevant experience by remembering your preferences and repeat visits. See our Privacy and Cookie Policy. 
 We also use cookies to personalise content and ads, provide social media features and analyse our traffic and share information about your use of our site with our partners. We may also use features such as offline data, device linking, and geographical data to help improve our services. 
 Purposes we use: Personalisation, ad selection, delivery and reporting, measurement, content selection, delivery and reporting, information storage and access. 
 By clicking “I Agree”, you consent to the use of ALL the cookies. You may read more about any of the purposes, or features that we use and how to manage your consent by clicking 'Cookie Settings'. 
 Do not sell my personal information. 
 Cookie SettingsI Agree 
 Privacy & Cookies Policy 
 Close 
 Privacy Overview 
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience while you navigate through the website. Out of these cookies, the cookies that are categorized as necessary are stored on your browser as they are essential for the working of basic functionalities of the website. We also use third-party cookies that help us analyze and understand how you use this website. These cookies will be stored in your browser only with your consent. You also have the option to opt-out of these cookies. But opting out of some of these cookies may have an effect on your browsing experience. 
 Necessary 
 Necessary 
 Always Enabled 
 Necessary cookies are absolutely essential for the website to function properly. This category only includes cookies that ensures basic functionalities and security features of the website. These cookies do not store any personal information. 
 Non-necessary 
 Non-necessary 
 Any cookies that may not be particularly necessary for the website to function and is used specifically to collect user personal data via analytics, ads, other embedded contents are termed as non-necessary cookies. It is mandatory to procure user consent prior to running these cookies on your website. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
