Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Licensed Practical Nurse 
 Alberta Health Services 
 __St. Albert, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Your Opportunity: 
 Description: 
As a Licensed Practical Nurse (LPN), you are part of an interprofessional health care team utilizing nursing processes, critical thinking, problem solving and decision making skills. You will be guided by your education, experience, demonstrated skill level and AHS policies and procedures. You will play a key role in providing safe, quality patient and family centered care while reflecting the shared vision and values of AHS. 
 Classification:  Licensed Practical Nurse 
 Union:  AUPE AUX 
 Department:  NW-Emergency-EDM 
 Primary Location:  Sturgeon Community Hospital 
 Multi-Site:  Not Applicable 
 FTE:  1.00 
 Posting End Date:  07-DEC-2020 
 Temporary Employee Class:  Temp F/T Benefits 
 Date Available:  17-DEC-2020 
 Temporary End Date:  01-SEP-2021 
 Hours per Shift:  11.75 
 Length of Shift in weeks:  12 
 Shifts per cycle:  42 
 Shift Pattern:  Days, Evenings, Nights, Weekends 
 Days Off:  As Per Rotation 
 Minimum Salary:  $26.45 
 Maximum Salary:  $34.63 
 Vehicle Requirement:  Not Applicable 
 Required Qualifications: 
Completion of an accredited Licensed Practical Nurse education program. Active or eligible for registration and practice permit with the College of Licensed Practical Nurses of Alberta (CLPNA). Current Basic Cardiac Life Support - Health Care Provider (BCLS-HCP). 
 Additional Required Qualifications: 
Experience as a Licensed Practical Nurse in an Emergency Department is required within the last 2 years. Ability to balance numerous demands and conflicting priorities is essential. Basic computer skills, familiarity with VAX, EDIS and PYXIS. Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. Good command of the English language. Ability to work as part of a team and with minimal supervision. Physical capability of performing all aspects of the role (bending, crouching, kneeling, overhead lifting, and mobilization of bariatric patients). 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
Acute care experience. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
