
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Look At This! it's a Freelance job 
 Bien is looking for a Freelance Motion Designer/ACD in Los Angeles, CA, USA. 
 About 
 BIEN is looking for an amazing, experienced motion designer and associate creative director to join a team for a few really cool projects in February and potentially March + April. We focus on inclusive motion design and this is a great opportunity to work with clients who value our position and want to be more inclusive in all their work. 
 You must: 
• Be on the West Coast (PST) 
• Have big studio/brand experience designing and assistant creative directing projects. 
• Have an interest in diversity, inclusion, and pushing the envelope in our field. 
• Be humble and personable, while being at the top of your field. 
• Be a strong designer first, animation skills and knowledge are a plus. 
• Have strong communication habits, be pro-active, and be a team player. 
• Have a proven track record of designing styleframes and storyboards, as well as leading small teams. 
• Have experience working in fast-paced environments where speed, accuracy, and dependability are table stakes. 
• Be comfortable working in Slack and presenting work via Zoom. Must be able to succinctly communicate with clients and solve their design problems on the fly. 
 We'll probably put you on a short test project first, but we need someone for at least 3 months. You will be designing 50% of the time and ACDing projects the other 50%. If you don't like to roll up your sleeves and get dirty, this one probably won't be for you. 
 Our clients are Facebook, Target, Disney, Red Hat, IBM, etc. 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7947-bien-motion-designer-acd  
 On-site required? 
 No 
 Experience 
 6-9 years 
 Skills 
 2D, 3D, Adobe Photoshop, After Effects, Cinema 4D, Motion 
 Date Posted 
 January 11, 2021 
 Managed By 
 Ricardo Roberts 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
