Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Research Assistant - Wang laboratory - Sunnybrook Research Institute (11102020) 
 Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Research Assistant – Wang laboratory – Sunnybrook Research Institute 
 A temporary full-time research assistant position is available in the Wang lab, Biological Sciences Platform, Odette Cancer Research Program at Sunnybrook Research Institute, Toronto. The successful applicant will join an exciting new lab focused on understanding the contribution of immune system to neurological disorders. 
 Responsibilities: 
Manage lab ordering; 
Assist in maintaining preclinical models and record keeping; 
Perform experiments of molecular biology nature; 
Collaborate with other members of the lab for various projects; 
 Qualifications/Requirement 
 Completion of B.Sc. in Molecular Biology, Neuroscience, Psychology or Health science related discipline; 
Strong computer skills and working knowledge of Microsoft Office applications; 
Relevant research lab experience an asset but not a requirement; 
Exceptional communication skills; 
Excellent problem solving and organizational skills; 
Detail oriented, dependable individual capable of multitasking and working independently; 
 Qualified applicants should forward their resume along with a cover letter and the names of three references to chao.wang@sri.utoronto.ca. Please put “RA-position” in the subject line and attach your cover letter and resume in a single pdf file named in the following format ‘ _ _RAApplication.pdf’ 
 We thank you in advance for your interest. Application screening will continue until a suitable candidate is identified. Only candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 - 
 In accordance with Canadian Employment and Immigration guidelines, applicants must be eligible to work in Canada. Sunnybrook Research Institute is committed to providing accessible employment practices that are in compliance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA). If you require accommodation for disability during any stage of the recruitment process, please indicate this in your cover letter. 
 Sunnybrook Research Institute is strongly committed to inclusion and diversity within its community and welcomes all applicants including but not limited to: visible minorities, all religions and ethnicities, persons with disabilities, LGBTQ2 persons, and all others who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas. 
 Sunnybrook Research Institute is committed to providing accessible employment practices that are in compliance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA). If you require accommodation for disability during any stage of the recruitment process, please indicate this in your cover letter. 
 Sunnybrook Research Institute is strongly committed to inclusion and diversity within its community and welcomes all applicants including but not limited to: visible minorities, all religions and ethnicities, persons with disabilities, LGBTQ persons, and all others who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
