Skip to primary content 
 The Traveling Librarian 
 Anything and everything about how to become involved in libraries beyond your doorstep. 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 Book Resources 
 Int'l & Comp Lib Info 
 Sarah P. Gibson 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous   Next -> 
 Job: Implementation Manager 
 Posted on  March 2, 2016  by   sarahgprescott 
 3.1.16 -  Implementation Manager 
The Hong Kong University of Science and Technology, Hong Kong 
 Library 
 Implementation Manager (JULAC Shared Integrated Library System) 
 One Year Contract: Job ID: 2739 
 On behalf of The Joint University Librarians Advisory Committee (JULAC), the Library is seeking an experienced individual to fill a project position whose main responsibility is to implement JULAC's new shared Integrated Library System (ILS). 
 JULAC is a forum to discuss, coordinate, and collaborate on library information resources and services among the libraries of the eight tertiary education institutions funded by the University Grants Committee (UGC) of the Hong Kong SAR Government. JULAC sub-committees are set up to undertake tasks as directed by JULAC Directors, and the implementation manager is expected to work closely with the sub-committees during project implementation. The terms of reference for the sub-committees are available on JULAC's website at  http://www.julac.org . 
 The implementation manager is responsible for data conversion/migration, implementation, support and administration of the new ILS. Duties include planning, scheduling, monitoring, and managing all aspects of the implementation process. 
 The implementation manager will work with all the functional groups of the JULAC sub-committees to plan, set goals, design strategies, keep deadlines, assist with troubleshooting, and meet project commitments. 
 A critical part of this position will be the communication between the functional groups and JULAC Directors to keep all the stakeholders well informed and to consult when decision points are required. This position will also facilitate outside communication with the selected ILS vendor and the existing vendor. 
 The successful candidate will report to the JULAC Director overseeing the implementation. The appointee will work closely with the ILS Implementation Working Group to understand member libraries' current practices and help resolve concerns leading to and during the shared ILS implementation; serve as a primary contact with JULAC's new ILS vendor for the implementation project and advocate issues on behalf of member libraries; work with all JULAC sub-committees to ensure data conversion / migration, test run and project milestones are met; provide consultation to JULAC Directors and ILS Implementation Working Group and recommend actions for project advancement; coordinate training for new ILS components for JULAC libraries staff; facilitate creation of new workflows and documentations of the new system; and conduct project assessment and post implementation review. 
 Applicants should have (i) a good university degree; (ii) a recognized qualification in information science, computer science or library science (e.g. MIS, MLS, MCLIP or equivalent); and (iii) relevant post-qualification experience. Applicants should also have excellent communication skills; project management experience, preferable with large IT projects; ability to manage projects in a collaborative team environment; and proficiency in English. Depending on the qualifications and experience, the appointee may be considered for appointment at Assistant Librarian I/II or equivalent rank. 
 The appointee should preferably have hands-on experience in implementing and managing ILS and discovery platforms; experience in working with a consortial library system; strong analytical and technical problem-solving skills; experience in offering training; advanced knowledge of technology and IT techniques; experience in collaborating with system and IT personnel; and familiarity with tools such as scripting languages, SQL, etc. A good command of Chinese is an advantage but not essential. 
 The appointment will be made on contract terms for 12 months with a possibility of extension, commencing June 2016 or as soon as possible thereafter. Salary is highly competitive and will be commensurate with qualifications and experience. Fringe benefits including medical and dental benefits, annual leave, and housing benefits will be provided where applicable. A gratuity will be payable upon successful completion of contract. 
 Application Procedure 
In support of a green work environment, we accept applications submitted online only. To apply, please complete an online application form through the HKUST Careers website ( http://jobs.ust.hk ) and return it online to the Human Resources Office on or before  Sunday, 20 March 2016 . Applicants will receive an acknowledgement by email upon successful submission. We thank applicants for their interest, but advise that only shortlisted candidates will be notified of the result of the application. 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Twitter 
 Pinterest 
 Tumblr 
 Reddit 
 Email 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  International Jobs  and tagged  Asia ,  Hong Kong ,  International academic libraries ,  International Colleges ,  International Jobs ,  International Librarianship ,  International Libraries ,  overseas libraries ,  Overseas work  by  sarahgprescott . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
