  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
 Drupal 
 
 Drupal Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance Drupal Developer ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/drupal) 
 5 months ago 
 (Drupal, Magento, or Salesforce) Back-end Developer Job for a Globa... 
 Published: 5 months ago  Bids: 1 
 This role is for MRM/McCann, a global leading digital marketing agency. 
 Currently looking for full-time QA Analyst (JD below), and for freelancers (kindly include your expected hourly rate and how many hours a week would you be able to commit) 
 Job Description: 
• Assure the quality of assigned digital projects through a combination of manual and automated test strategies. 
• Help to better integrate QA to the overall agency process and ensure assigned projects meet functional requirements, design specifications, and brand guidelines. 
• Work in partnership with technology teams to decompose projects into smaller testable components and advise project managers on documentation needs. 
 • Perform all aspects of testing, including: functional, regression, user acceptance testing, exploratory, and smoke testing. 
• Utilize test management platform, Zephyr, in collaboration with managers and developers to write test plans, design test cases, develop test scripts, test conditions, test procedures, and expected results. 
• Use knowledge of systems and technologies, as well as troubleshooting skills, to investigate defects to determine potential causes of failed tests. 
 • Carefully detailing issues within the defect tracking system (JIRA), adhering to established workflows. 
• Actively participate in continuous practice improvement. 
 Qualifications: 
• 2-4 years of Quality Assurance and testing experience. 
• Experience with testing across different devices, browsers, and operating systems (eg. Android, IOS, Windows) 
• Experience with test case management and defect tracking tools (eg. 
JIRA, Zephyr) 
• Familiarity with web content management platforms (Sitecore - certification is a strong plus!). 
• Understanding of API methods 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : Not applicable 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Other (Other APIs) 
 Roles needed  : Developer, Other 
 Other roles needed  : Quality Assurance 
 Published by:  K. D. P. Philippines 
 USD 100 - 250 
 5 months ago 
 Sr. Drupal Developer 
 Published: 5 months ago  Bids: 3 
 PK is looking for a Sr. Drupal Developer that would like to help us in a migration project. 
 Responsibilities 
 •    Responsible primarily for extracting content from Drupal for a migration project 
•    Create custom Drupal modules, leverage APIs and existing modules to build a custom content as a service layer 
•    Collaborate with onshore, offshore and near-shore teams on work items with some time-zone overlap 
•    Participate in discussions, own Drupal platform work items, propose Drupal design alternatives with recommendations and collaborate with lead architect on solution discussions 
•    Work closely with broader team to understand Drupal current state architecture, ask smart questions that will lead the current state conversation 
•    Create documentation on current approach in depth, as well as target state solution 
•    Will be working as part of a larger team to migrate existing Drupal content to another CMS 
 Qualifications 
 •    Over 5 years of experience working on Drupal 
•    Strong understanding of Drupal 7/8 or later version and the differences between those versions 
•    Hands-on Drupal Lead Developer, heavily invested in the backend design and development on Drupal 
•    Strong understanding of Drupal content structure, modules and content services that can export Drupal content, somewhat similar to a headless CMS 
•    Strong understanding of Drupal nodes, content types, page structures, and underlying APIs 
•    Ability to architect enterprise Drupal solutions including data, display, and information architecture 
•    Have experience building custom services or used modules to export page content from Drupal 
•    English communication skills: Advanced 
•    Understanding of a headless architecture the Drupal-way will be great. 
•    Understanding of other comparable CMS like WordPress, and ColdFusion will be great, but not required 
•    Good with front-end development and theming along with back-end/module integration and development (php, html, css, js, jquery, etc.). 
•    Solid understanding of Drupal themes and modules and functional extensions 
•    Advanced site-building experience including deep familiarity with Drupal modules such as CTools, Views, and Panels 
•    Working closely with the team and the customer to ensure an effective, visually appealing, and intuitive implementation 
•    Designing and implementing new features and functionality, establishing and guiding the website’s architecture, ensuring high-performance and availability, and managing all technical aspects of the CMS 
 In order to provide equal employment and advancement opportunities to all individuals, employment decisions at PK are based exclusively on merit. PK does not discriminate in employment opportunities or practices based on race, color, religion, sex, including gender identity and identity expression, national origin, age, or any other characteristic protected by law. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : Not applicable 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Other (Other APIs) 
 Roles needed  : Developer, Other 
 Other roles needed  : Hands-on Drupal Lead Developer with ability to architect enterprise Drupal solutions including data, display, and information architecture. 
 Published by:  M. P. Mexico 
 USD 1,000 - 3,000 
 7 months ago 
 I Need my site to be revamped with new look and feel 
 Published: 7 months ago  Bids: 3 
 I Need my site to be revamped with new look and feel and a lot more product categories. Please visit the site ( https://www.onesociety.shop/home)  and study it. I need fresh ideas. 
I'd need hosting too, any suggestions would be highly appreciated. 
 I stumbled upon this site( https://thinkwebindia.com/)  and I liked the way this site has used the on screen real estate, i.e., The width of the page. Check their Portfolio section [ https://thinkwebindia.com/our-portfolio/] , I loved the way ther blog is shown, using the maximum possible width. The way these guys are showcasing their images, I Love it. 
I want to display my product image gallery on every page like this [ https://thinkwebindia.com/portfolio/saviour-geo-location-enabled-peer-assistance-mobile-app/].   Details on the gallery can be discussed later once the job is finalized. 
 I'd like something like this to be built but with ecommerce features. I need a payment gateway that works flawlessly in India. The site should be able to accept payment in multiple currencies, viz., 
Indian Rupees, US Dollars, etc. I'll need to be apprised in advance of the charges, if any, from the payment gateway. 
 Please respond with your quotes, estimated time to build and POA of the build! I'm attaching 3 images that are a demo setup shared to me by a freelancer. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : E-commerce 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new store 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have the design 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Roles needed  : Designer, Developer, Design a landing page 
 Published by:  C. J. India 
 USD 500 - 1,000 
 7 months ago 
 Drupal Youtube background player 
 Published: 7 months ago  Bids: 0 
 Hi Drupal devs, 
I'm a D7 very occasional builder, beginner on D8-D9. 
I'd like to display a hero containing a YouTube background video, thanks to a powerful library: 
 https://github.com/pupunzi/jquery.mb.YTPlayer/wiki 
 On D7, I already did it here:  http://www.randopays.fr 
 What I need: 
 - a drupal 8 module with a backoffice service where to setup some parameters 
--- youtube video url :  https://youtu.be/D5A_aFdlWEs 
or only D5A_aFdlWEs 
--- Video quality : auto, 1080p, 720p, etc 
--- Audio mute: on/off 
--- CoverImage : default image to display in case the video is not displayed 
--- Mask: transparent png image to display over the video 
- ytplayer library should be 3.0+ version 
- Toggle buttons play/pause 
- other features possible according to dev skills. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Small change or bug 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  I. France 
 USD 50 - 100 
 8 months ago 
 Página web realizada en Drupal. 
 Published: 8 months ago  Deadline: 60 Bids: 6 
 I need a website designed and coded with the latest Drupal version. 
 The website has to be finished to be pay. I will not accepted and will not pay for partial works. 
 I need the admin be able to create roles, assign a specific role to some specific users (su), assign a specific language for each su: 
a. Visitor is who goes to the website without login. 
A1. 
 User is who signs up. 
 A2. Specific Users (SU) with privileges have to be able to create content on certain pages, depending the language assigned or the role assigned by the admin. SU will be able to log in into Drupal dashboard.  
 
 I need the admin be able to create menus and sub-menus on the main bar. 
I need the admin be able to create menus and sub-menus on the left site page and be able to change the position between them. 
 The admin will be able to post new content and create other su, as well as give them different permissions as on which pages the su can post write, photos, records (mp3), videos or linked videos like to youtube. 
 Responsive design 
 The website has to be in English, Mandarin Chinese, Hindi, Bengali, Spanish, Arabic, Russian, Portuguese, French, Italian and Catalan. When the user land on the page, the language shown has to be the browser language. 
Each language will has its own content, so its own pages. 
 The emails sent to the users has to be on user's language. 
 When necessary need to send a email, the email has to be on the user's language, which will be in one of the languages above written. The text of email is already written, even on different languages, but not on all of the languages. 
 Banner: depending the browser language the banner has to be shown different pictures. The admin has to be able to add or delete pictures on each language. 
 ReCAPTCHA v3 
use: Less:  http://lesscss.org/  for all website even for Drupal dashboard. 
 Once the website is already built and works well the website Performance Scores have to be above of : 
PageSpeed Score A (95%)        YSlow Score: B (95%) 
Tool to check website:  https://gtmetrix.com/ 
 The URL to login into the Drupal dashboard should be  https://admin.dashboard.domain.com 
SSL by:  https://letsencrypt.org/ 
 A page to accept donations by.  https://stripe.com/docs 
After the donation will be sent an email to the donor to let him knows about the donation, on the email should be shown the amount 
 Bar design:  https://free-css-menu.com/variable-width-css-drop-down.html 
 Each page will be explain at the time you need it, making sure all of them work well. 
 It is very important the programmer has already worked with res api. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new custom site 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have an idea 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Payment Processor (Paypal, Stripe, etc.), Other (Other APIs) 
 Roles needed  : Designer, Developer, Business analyst 
 Published by:  S. S. Last reply: 8 months ago  United Kingdom 
 USD 500 - 1,000 
 10 months ago 
 Upgrading, migration and fixes from Drupal. 
 Published: 10 months ago  Bids: 6 
 I need to migrate an existing content from a website to another with certain additional components such as upgrading, fixes and mobile responsiveness. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Small change or bug 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Other (Other APIs) 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  N. R. Singapore 
 Open 
 10 months ago 
 Unity Frontend android/Ios Application connected to simple Php/Dru... 
 Published: 10 months ago  Bids: 3 
 Deliverable: 
 Unity/C# Application - Simple 2D Scrolling world, with Menu, Settings, user feed of content, leaderboards, as well as access phone with QR scanner and Camera. 
Drupal/PHP Web Application - Admin CMS Connected to app, can upload bio, text, picture, news, and polls, and feed item. 
Database to store data. 
 We will be able to purchase simple assets from the Unity store that will speed up delivery of the product and not come out of your budget. We can discuss the budget if it is reasonable. 
 Requirements: 
 Development of Front end Unity Application must be completed first and begin testing with content as first milestone. 
Second milestone will be the ability to integrate the CMS with the  Front End Unity Application. 
 Time Frame: 
2-3 Weeks. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Apps programming. Android, iOS and others 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new app 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have the design 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Required platforms  : Android, iPhone 
 I need to  : Create an app 
 App type  : Game 
 Back-end is required  : Yes 
 Payment gateway  : Yes 
 Published by:  J. M. Portugal 
 USD 1,000 - 3,000 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
