Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Cornershop Grocery Shopper and Delivery Driver (Car Required) 
 Cornershop 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Cornershop  is an on-demand grocery delivery app that delivers an hour of free time to your door along with your groceries. We are delivering millions of avocados to happy customers throughout Latin America, Canada and the US. 
 We are currently seeking Shoppers in  downtown Toronto  to pick and deliver groceries to households in the area. 
 What we offer: 
 - A transparent payment model. You can easily access a breakdown of your earnings. 
 - The opportunity to earn extra income through bonuses and peak-hour incentives 
 - Weekly pay! 
 - Flexible work - work when you want! No need to schedule shifts. 
 - Competitive rates - Earn up to $17-20/hour! Shoppers are paid a base amount per order, per item picked, per km, and more! 
 - We welcome applicants from different backgrounds. No previous experience necessary. 
 Requirements: 
 - A valid Ontario license (G2 or higher) and a clean driving record 
 - Access to a reliable car (1998 or newer model) 
 - Eligible to work in Canada 
 - Good verbal and written English proficiency 
 - 18+ years of age 
 - Access to a smartphone and at-least 2GB of data 
 Job Types: Contract, Commission, Casual 
 Salary: $15.00-$20.00 per hour 
 Additional pay: 
 
 Commission Pay 
 
 COVID-19 considerations: 
We will provide masks and sanitizer at no cost. 
 Experience: 
 
 driving: 2 years (Preferred) 
 
 Location: 
 
 Toronto, ON (Required) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 Ontario G Class Drivers License (Required) 
 
 Language: 
 
 English (Required) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
