success encourager 
 Encouraging others to succeed - It's time to focus on your goals! 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 About Me 
 A Year in the Life of… 
 Business Idea Prompt (BIP) 
 Typed quotes and wax seals 
 Resume Samples and FAQ 
 Hire Me 
 
 Side jobs - finding your perfect fit 
 Posted on  April 13, 2016  by  successencourager 
 Side jobs, part-time work, freelancing and start-ups are popular ways to earn extra money these days. They don't just supplement income while working full-time; it's becoming more and more common to use one or more of these opportunities  as  full-time income. This can either work out to be a career of juggling different jobs for ever or to gain experience for a certain career you wish to move in to. Some people love the variety it allows while others want to move on to something more stable and focused. 
 Whether, working a variety of side jobs, freelancing or part-time opportunities all allow a form of working for yourself and gaining experience. This can allow for future advancement at a particular job, focus on your own business start-up or allow you to explore different jobs until you gain experience and find something you want to do permanently. As you can see this flexible career lifestyle can offer a lot of paths to explore. 
 There are so many opportunities to make extra money or start a variety career lifestyle. You can read about many on any given day through a simple internet search. Some are very focused and require specific training; fitness coach, teaching Spanish, legal consultant, etc. But others are a bit more adaptable; personal shopper, event planner, freelance writer (with so many different topics out there to write about), pet sitter, etc. 
 I'm not saying the more adaptable options are easier or take less to do, I'm simply saying the skills to do them may already be known. A pet sitter might be a good choice for someone who has always been around animals, etc. While being a legal consultant requires more formal training and/or experience. 
 Before trying to force yourself into one or several of the available opportunities ask yourself what experience you already have, what you enjoy doing and what you could charge for. 
 Of course time is a huge factor. Do you have certain hours you are available due to a full time job, family responsibilities, classes, etc. Once that is determined you start to explore opportunities available during those hours; you may not be able to mow after a certain hour, but you could write a blog post or post a webinar about a topic you are experienced in no matter what time it is. 
 Here are a few questions and comments to consider when determining what side job (part-time, etc.) opportunity may be right for you and your current lifestyle - 
 
 What do you enjoy? Explore this, write it down, focus on how to make it a business or service to offer. Do you like photography? If you do and have a digital camera, can you offer your services as a second photographer at a wedding, corporate events, local bands that can't afford someone that photographs full time, senior photos or high school sporting events, etc.? Be creative and be observant; what niche can your talent and passion fill? Don't completely re-invent the wheel, just focus on a particular aspect that you can make better. 
 Do you want/need work outside the home or work from home? Answering this question allows you to explore jobs like mowing, pet walking, wedding/event planner and/or officiant, personal shopper or driver, etc. outside the home or writing, virtual assistant, web designer or content writer, online tutor, survey taker, jewelry or craft maker (selling online), etc. for working at home. 
 Do you enjoy helping people solve a problem, working with the public and communicate effectively? Do you enjoy working alone, creating more so than working face to face? Do you have internet and online work capabilities? Obviously, this answer gives much insight into what opportunities you will enjoy more than others. 
 What services are in demand in your area that will pay you to provide that service need? If you live in a neighborhood with large yards there may be an opportunity for mowing or landscaping that obviously is not in demand at an apartment complex. But if your passion is gardening and you want to work in that field but live in an area that doesn't seem to have a need, be creative. Can you offer your services of plant watering, container gardening, cooking classes for container gardeners, etc.? 
 How much will it cost for you to offer this side job or start a business and how much should you charge? If it's a part time job and they provide all that you need, how much does it pay? You will want to make sure it's worth your time either by earning extra money or it provides an opportunity for you to gain experience. 
 How will you get work? You can search for part time work online through career sites or asking in person at area businesses. If you have skills to offer through side jobs or self employment, there are man sites out there to post your services on for free, you can search that particular talent/skill and see what third parties offer help finding that type of work , you can create flyers and hang them in busy places such as libraries, laundry services, public post boards, get business cards made and hand them out at any given opportunity, make yard signs and ask friends to display them in their yards for you, make or order decals for your vehicle with a web page and/or phone number as well as hats and tee shirts or other apparel, you can also advertise via social media sites and word of mouth. 
 
 There are other questions to ask yourself, but once you have focused and answered the few above you can start to search for opportunities to make money! Don't over think it though, be adventurous and start exploring! 
 Do you have any tips to add? Please share them. Do you have any questions? Please ask them! 
 Thanks for reading, I hope this has inspired you to explore your options and to be creative. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  Uncategorized  and tagged  career ,  experience ,  jobs ,  money ,  odd jobs ,  Resume ,  side jobs ,  work for yourself ,  writing . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 Post navigation 
 <- Self-Empowerment 
 The first BIP - Business Idea Prompt -> 
 One thought on "Side jobs - finding your perfect fit" 
 
 Pingback:  Entrepreneurship -for individuals | success encourager 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Search 
 Welcome 
 Exciting News - My  Enrichment goal-focused planner  is now available! 
 I've been invited to be a guest blogger with  Office Dynamics !! 
 Basic questions happily answered at  no charge ! 
 For professional services offered visit the  HIRE ME  page. For more about me, please visit the  ABOUT ME  page. 
 Thank you for visiting, I hope the information posted will help you succeed! 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Commit to yourself 
 Stress free self-care 
 Creative opportunities 
 Entrepreneurship basics 
 Creativity & self-care 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
