Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Veterinarian (Relocate to Edmonton, AB) 
 Albany Veterinary Clinic 
 __Canada 
 Apply Now 
 MUST BE WILLING TO RELOCATE TO EDMONTON, AB & FULLY LICENSED IN CANADA. MOVING ALLOWANCE & HELP WITH REALTOR FEES AVAILABLE! 
 SEEKING A VETERINARY PROFESSIONAL FOR IMMEDIATE START 
 OUR OFFER 
 We have a flexible approach to remuneration based on your expertise and potential – typically this will include: 
 
 An appealing salary that will reflect your abilities and future performance in the order of $100,000 - $110,000/yr. 
 Medical, Dental, and Vision. 3-4 wks Paid Vacation. Paid parental leave. 
 A Continuing Education allocation to assist with your Career Growth. 
 Deep Employee Pet Wellness discounts & uniform allowance. 
 Relocation Assistance. 
 
 EDMONTON 
 If relocating to Edmonton, you'll soon understand why it was named Canada's Festival City! A perfect city to move your family to, Edmonton is full of friendly people, boasts a large amount of parkland, has a diverse economy, and has an affordable cost of living (we have no provincial tax!). It is often sunny here and quality of life is high! 
 The Albany Veterinary Clinic is looking for a FT, PT, or Locum Veterinarian to support our growing operations! Is your goal to: 
 
 Work with a team of friendly Vet staff and an exceptional support team? 
 Have the opportunity to further develop your Veterinarian and surgical skills? 
 Maintain a personalized Work+Life balance? 
 Work with an owner who understands your personal needs and goals and works with you to achieve them? 
 
 ABOUT US 
 The Albany Veterinary Clinic has been one of the top producing vet clinics (per DVM) in Alberta since its creation. We pride ourselves in delivering the highest quality veterinary services and in creating a strong and healthy work culture! 
 ABOUT THIS ROLE 
 In addition to the traditional responsibilities of a Veterinarian, here are some of the key skills, abilities, and personal qualities we are seeking: 
 
 Consult and examine pets to promptly diagnose their short- and long-term health issues and recommend best practice treatment. 
 Consult with clients and clinics regarding immediate, solutions-based care. 
 Soft tissue surgery at an advanced level. 
 Ability to quickly build rapport with customers, fellow team members, and management. An adept learner willing to explore and accept change. 
 Knowing that great results are achieved via teamwork & mutual respect. 
 You can work independently but you also know when to call for assistance. 
 
 IT’S TIME TO APPLY! 
 It is time for you to take the next step in your career and join us! Please email us your cover letter and resume/CV! 
 Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Contract, Casual, Permanent 
 Salary: $100,000.00-$110,000.00 per year 
 Benefits: 
 
 Casual dress 
 Dental care 
 Discounted or free food 
 Flexible schedule 
 On-site parking 
 Paid time off 
 Store discount 
 Tuition reimbursement 
 Vision care 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 
 COVID-19 considerations: 
We provide masks, gloves, and hand sanitizers. We have a sanitation protocol and sanitize very often. Professional cleaning & sanitization performed weekly based on AHS guidelines. We implemented client restrictions and installed plexiglass barriers. 
 Experience: 
 
 Veterinarian: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Education: 
 
 Doctoral Degree (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
