Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Talent Acquisition Specialist 
 Loblaw Companies Limited 
 __Brampton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
1 Presidents Choice Circle, Brampton, Ontario, L6Y 5S5 
 The decision to join a company is a big one. We have opportunities for hard working, energetic and reliable people just like you. 
 Why is this role important? 
 As the Talent Acquisition Specialist, you will be responsible for managing the full-cycle recruitment process, primarily for the Finance, Legal and Enterprise Procurement Group (EPG). In this role you will continually partner with clients to develop and implement recruitment strategies and methodologies which meet the business needs to fill open positions cost effectively, through sourcing and selecting top talent. 
 What You 'll Do: 
 Talent Attraction:  You will identify and utilize creative sourcing strategies to attract top talent at all levels within our corporate environment. You will develop cost effective, efficient, proactive and innovative solutions to meet clients’ recruiting needs. 
 Full-Cycle Recruitment:  Conduct interviews to assess candidates; make hiring recommendations; provide support and counsel to hiring managers throughout the recruitment process. 
 Relationship Building:  You will develop and maintain working relationships with internal stakeholders to understand current and future recruitment needs and determine optimum sourcing strategies. 
 Consultant:  As an expert in recruitment, you will provide feedback and recommendations to both the candidate and hiring manager regarding strengths and development opportunities, with the goal of selecting the most qualified candidate. 
 Offers of Employment:  Manage the job offer process, including negotiation and background checks. 
 Tracking:  You will use Workday to maintain information during the recruitment process; ensuring all information is current and activity is updated on a regular basis. 
 Strategy:  Leading and supporting strategic initiatives to support client groups in attracting and retaining talent 
 What You 'll Need: 
Experience- 4-5 years corporate in-house recruitment experience and agency experience an asset 
Education-Post secondary education equivalent to a diploma or degree in HR or a related field 
Sourcing-Strong understanding of “leading market” sourcing and recruitment techniques and methods; effective at identifying and sourcing passive candidates; strong direct sourcing. Familiarity with Boolean search strings. 
Portfolio Management- Ability to effectively manage a corporate portfolio consisting of 30+ vacancies/requisitions at one time 
Consultant- Well developed advisory skills; effective influencing and conflict resolution skills 
Detail Oriented- Ability to pay close attention to details and maintain accurate records 
MS Office –Proficient computer skills to produce effective reports, documents and presentations 
ATS - Exposure to an applicant tracking system (ATS), Workday preferred 
Professionalism- Tactful and diplomatic; demonstrates discretion and business acumen; able to work with diverse personalities and work styles 
Adaptable- Proficient at prioritizing work 
Communication- Strong English verbal and written skills; effective negotiation skills 
 How You’ll Succeed: 
At Loblaw, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Employment Type: 
Full time 
 Type of Role: 
Temporary with Benefits (Fixed Term) 
 Type of Contract: 
Loblaw recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. 
 Please Note:  If you have Employee Self Service (ESS) on Workday, apply to this job via the Workday application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
