
 Login 
 
 Job Search 
 Job Seekers
 
 Job Seeker Info 
 Register 
 Employers 
 
 
 Employers
 
 Employer Info 
 Register 
 
 
 Blog 
 Login 
 
 Inside Machinist 
  General Dynamics   |  San Diego, CA 
 Posted Date 12/31/2020 
 Description 
 Date:  Dec 20, 2020 
 Company:  National Steel and Shipbuilding Com 
 Job Posting End Date:  01/31/2021 
 Shift:  All 
 Security Clearance:  No Clearance 
 Who We Are 
 General Dynamics NASSCO is one of three shipyards in the Marine Systems group of General Dynamics Corporation (NYSE: GD). General Dynamics NASSCO traces its beginnings to the industrial heart of San Diego, along the working waterfront of beautiful and historic San Diego Bay. The company has been designing and building ships in San Diego's industrial corridor since 1960 and is the largest full service shipyard on the West Coast of the United States. 
 Job Summary 
 Operates machine tools such as lathes, milling machines, shapers, or grinders to produce precision metal parts, both in small and large quantities. Ensures products meet precise specifications. Occasionally assembles mechanical components such as gearboxes and pumps. Performs other related tasks as assigned, some of which may become essential to the position. 
 Qualification Standards 
 High school education or equivalent is required. Technical school or Machinist Apprentice graduate preferred. Must have two years apprenticeship and three years experience in a machine shop or five years equivalent work experience. Proficient in using precision measurement tools and understanding both Imperial and Metric measuring systems as well shop mathematics, including geometry, trigonometry, decimals and fractions. Must have ability to work at heights, in confined spaces, and be available to work any shift. Must comprehend written and verbal instruction, blueprints and specifications, and hear warning signals, read and comprehend safety instructions, regulations and warnings. 
 Essential Job Tasks 
 
 
 Machine parts to specifications using machine tools 
 
 
 Shape steel, aluminum, plastic, and other materials 
 
 
 Calculate dimensions using mathematics and measuring instruments 
 
 
 Select the appropriate tools and machines to be used in preparation of machinery work 
 
 
 Plan the sequence of cutting and finishing operations 
 
 
 Position and secure work piece on the drill press, lathe, milling machine, or other machines 
 
 
 Monitor and control feed rate and speed of parts being machined, to ensure optimum production rates and quality of parts produced 
 
 
 Detect and identify problems during manufacture; perform corrections as necessary, while maintaining technical requirements of the part(s) being produced 
 
 
 Check accuracy of finished parts against blueprints and specifications 
 
 
 Assemble mechanical components 
 
 
 Occasionally perform machining operations using portable equipment onboard ships 
 
 
 Other tasks as may be assigned relevant to the trade 
 
 
 Materials, Tools Equipment, Work Aids 
 Machining equipment such as drill, lathe, and milling machine, measuring equipment, such as micrometers and venire calipers, various hand and power tools, such as hammers, drills, grinder, welding equipment, cable cutters, electrical tape, electrical test equipment, blueprints, Navy standards manual, and cleaning equipment. Personal protective equipment required. 
 Physical/Mental Involvement 
 Frequent lifting up to 50 lbs, carrying, pulling, standing, balancing, walking, climbing ladders or equipment, reaching above shoulder or out in front, manual dexterity, pushing, pulling, kneeling, bending, stooping, hearing and occasionally lowering self into confined spaces, crawling through small openings and working in reclined positions, as needed. Must have color vision and good eye/and/foot coordination. Works in all areas of the shipyard and on board ships. Hearing warning signals and reading and comprehending safety instructions. Must be able to maintain general safety awareness and avoid hazard commonly present in employee's work area. 
 Marginal Job Tasks 
 Housekeeping in all work areas, including sweeping. May be required to attend safety, quality and/or process improvement meetings. 
 Environmental Factors 
 Exposure to fumes, odors, dust, gases, various climates and temperatures and low ventilation conditions, all of which can cause discomfort and/or respiratory difficulties. Exposure to constantly moving machines and mechanical parts and high levels of constant noise. 
 General Dynamics NASSCO is an Equal Opportunity Employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability, or veteran status, or any other basis protected by local, state, or federal law. 
 To learn more about applicant rights under federal law, click here: 
 EEO is the Law Poster 
 EEO is the Law Supplement 
 Pay Transparency 
 If you have a disability that impacts your ability to complete the job application process and would like to request an accommodation, please contact our Human Resources Department. 
 Call (619) 544-8511 or email  nasscohr@nassco.com.  This contact information is for accommodation requests only, not to inquire about the status of applications. 
 Nearest Major Market:  San Diego 
 Nearest Secondary Market: 
 Job Segment:  Electrical, Machinist, Welding, Industrial, Security Clearance, Engineering, Manufacturing, Government 
 PI128823067 
 
 Share this job 
 [](https://twitter.com/share?url=https://www.workforcesandiego.com/job/lkkpnp/inside-machinist/san-diego/ca&text=Inside+Machinist at General Dynamics "Share on Twitter")[](https://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?mini=true&url=https://www.workforcesandiego.com/job/lkkpnp/inside-machinist/san-diego/ca&title=Inside+Machinist at General Dynamics "Share on LinkedIn") 
 Find us on social media: 
     
 (C)2020 Workforce San Diego 
 Search Jobs 
 Contact Us 
 About Us 
 Privacy Information 
 Terms & Conditions 
