  
 
 Jobs 
 Features 
 Newsletter 
 Login 
 
 Talent  Startup 
 I am a 
 Jobseeker Talent 
 or a 
 Hiring Startup 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign up using linkedin   __ 
 Hello 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign in using linkedin   __ 
 Employers  __ 
 Employers  __ 
 __filters __search 
 Filter by category 
 All Jobs Developer Jobs Marketing Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Manager Jobs Customer Support Jobs Sales Jobs Data and Product Jobs Internships Co-Founder Roles Designer Jobs People and Other Jobs 
 Filter by type 
 full-time part-time freelance 
 Advanced Search 
 search jobs __ 
 Senior Business Development Manager - EmpowerRD 
 at Forward Partners 
 go back to Sales Jobs 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 
 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 EmpowerRDSenior Business Development ManagerLocation: Paddington, London 
 Role Description: 
 EmpowerRD is a fast-growing startup based in London, UK. Our vision is to assist our clients to unlock all of the funding that rewards innovation globally. We do this by combining expert knowledge and advanced technology to take the complexity out of claiming for funding that is available. Our current focus is on helping companies within the UK unlock some of the £5Bn of funds available annually for companies that invest in research and development. 
 Having built a client base of over 500 companies in the last few years we continue to expand our focus and are looking to add a senior individual contributor position to our sales team to help us move further upstream. The senior business development manager will identify, prospect and close business for large claims. These will be with some of the most innovative companies in the UK and represent larger claim sizes and fees for EmpowerRD increasing our average fees per client. 
 You will work to build a pipeline and close business through your own efforts and by partnering closely with our sales development, partnerships and marketing teams. Upon successfully booking new business you will smoothly transition the customer to our operations team who will support them to process their claim(s) and manage the ongoing relationship over future years. 
 About the Job: 
 
 
 Work with our senior leadership to identify a sales territory that supports our business objectives. 
 
 
 Through direct approaches and via networking engage with prospects to educate, develop and book business for EmpowerRD 
 
 
 Partner closely with the sales development, marketing and partnerships teams to enhance your own work and nurture short and long term business. 
 
 
 Achieve goals for engagement, pipeline development and booked business. 
 
 
 Identify strategic opportunities for EmpowerRD for partnerships or product enhancements to ensure we continue to maintain a market leadership position and meet current and emerging market opportunities. 
 
 
 Share best practice with your peers and the wider company gained through strategic engagement with the market. 
 
 
 Report to the Head of Business Development 
 
 
 Our Values 
 EmpowerRD has a strong set of values that permeate our culture and define how we work. You should consider whether these align with your personal values and style when considering this role. 
 
 Lead with integrity: We do the right thing by our team, client and stakeholders. We find the right solution, not the first solution. We build trust through our technology and relationships. 
 Professionalism in engagement: We are reliable and dependable in our behaviour. We are an authority in our subject matter - we know what we’re talking about. We invest in learning. We are respectful in our communication. 
 Bold in outlook: We are an innovative organisation and invest in innovation in our technology, our processes and ourselves. We are bold in our actions. We are market leading in our thinking and services. We are driven by data. 
 Proactive in focus: We have a growth mindset. We’re not afraid of taking considered risks. We learn from mistakes and continuously improve. We dont wait to be told, we act as an example. 
 Approachable in style: We see ourselves as an enabler of a wider ecosystem. We support each other and grow together. We are a team that is fun and positive. We make ourselves accessible to our teams, clients and stakeholders. We take ownership of our actions. 
 
 Skills and Qualifications: 
 
 B2B sales experience for complex, multi stakeholder sales 
 Experience of navigating the CxO audience with a bias to the finance and technology leadership functions 
 Evidence of formal sales training at some point in your career and an ability to understand how different approaches map to a company's GTM approach. 
 A consultative sales style with a challenger mindset, what we do is not new but how we do it is, you need to evangelise the innovations we have made and the value to our clients 
 Strong written and verbal communication skills and the ability to simplify topics. 
 Excellent analytical and problem-solving abilities. 
 Early stage experience is a bonus. We don’t have it all worked out and you will be blazing a trail and needing to build structure and clarity and as you go. 
 Independent and able to self learn. We will support you every step of the way but you will be dealing with ambiguity and needing to develop new skills as you go. 
 Bachelor's degree is preferred but essentially we need smart, considered team members. 
 
 Published at 7 Jan 2021 - Expires on 18 Mar 2021 
 You need to be logged in to apply.   Login  or  create an account . 
 Is this job ad fake? Report it! 
 ×  Warning! 
 __get the latest startup jobs emailed to you 
 Developer Jobs Designer Jobs Internships Marketing Jobs Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Co-Founder Roles Data and Product Jobs People and Other Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Customer Support Jobs 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;  
 and 
  Privacy Policy  
 and Cookie Use. 
 New Jobs Alert created! 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;   
 and 
  Privacy Policy   
 and Cookie Use. 
 other jobs at  Forward Partners 
 fulltime  Financial Controller - Financial Services (Lending)  at Forward Partners in London 
 __07-01-2021 
 fulltime  Operations Manager - EmpowerRD  at Forward Partners in London 
 __07-01-2021 
 fulltime  Growth Analyst  at Forward Partners in London 
 __13-01-2021 
 fulltime  Marketing Executive - FTC  at Forward Partners in London 
 __13-01-2021 
 fulltime  Content Marketing Manager  at Forward Partners in London 
 __14-01-2021 
 
 
 * [Terms of Service](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/terms)
 
 
 Privacy 
 Cookie Policy 
 Acceptable Use Policy 
 Still Hiring 
 
 
 
 * [About Us](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/about)
 
 
 FAQ 
 Cities 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 * [__Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/workinstartups/)
 
 
 __Twitter 
 __Instagram 
 Blog 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Work In Startups 
 This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  Read more  Close 
