Skip to content 
  Working, living & Travelling in Ireland  
 Main Menu 
 
 Working in Ireland Menu Toggle
 
 Foreign Language jobs in Ireland 
 Jobs/ job announcements in Ireland 
 Recruitment Agencies Ireland 
 
 
 Living in Ireland Menu Toggle
 
 Accommodation in Ireland 
 Help with feeling down ? 
 
 
 Travel Menu Toggle
 
 Gort Cycle Trails in the Burren Lowlands Menu Toggle
 
 Ardrahan Drumharsna Castle and Old Irish Milestones Looped Cycle Trail 
 Labane to Bingham Mausoleum in Adrahan looped cycle 
 
 
 
 
 About me! 
 Work With Me! Menu Toggle
 
 Small business interviews West of Ireland 
 
 
 Have a question? Contact me ! 
 
 Upskill and get a job in Ireland's Pharmaceutical Industry 
 1 Comment  /  Uncategorized  / By    Katleen  
 Dear Readers, 
 I have highlighted a variety of opportunities if you have a couple of languages, but as it happens, there are also a lot of opportunities in the pharmaceutical or medical device industry. 
 I was reading in the Sunday Times about an upskilling course to obtain skills to enter this area of employment. 
 Do you have a background in Manufacturing, Construction, Engineering or Science Industries? 
 Are you currently unemployed? Would you like to Convert your Expertise to the Pharmaceutical 
 or  Medical Device  Industry? 
 Image via  Wikipedia 
 INNOPHARMA LABS  (in conjunction with the  Labour Market Activation Fund ) invite applications for a new and innovative upskilling programme for the  Pharmaceutical Industry . Running over a 5 month period, this programme is supported by ITT, Dublin and DIT, Bolton Street. 
 Successful candidates will complete a selection of the following modules: 
  Manufacturing and Process Technology 
 cGMP (Current Good Manufacturing Practice) 
 Quality Assurance 
 Introduction to Pharmaceutical Science 
 Systems Validation 
 Bioprocess Technology 
 Pharmaceutical Biotechnology 
 Formulations Studies and Packaging 
 Process Analytical Technology 
 Chemical Engineering 
 Control Engineering 
 Materials Properties and Processing 
 Quality Risk Management 
 Lean Sigma 
 Creative Problem Solving & Root Cause Analysis 
 Technical Report Writing & Project Management 
 Team Participation Skills 
 Academic modules will be accredited through single subject certification and can be used towards 
 existing HETEC Diploma and Degree programmes. Further certification will be given for industry 
 recognised accreditation. 
 Ideally applicants will: 
 a) have a qualification in Engineering or Science to Bachelor degree level, or higher, or in excess 
of 5 years experience in a manufacturing environment and relevant qualifications. 
b) be currently unemployed. 
(Note: Successful candidates may be entitled to retain Social Welfare payments for so long as they are entitled to receive such payments under D/SFA eligibility rules. 
 Application Forms and further details are available by e-mailing 
 callano@innopharmalabs.com . Closing date for applications is January 21st. 
 This is just some background information on Ireland's pharmaceutical industry, taken from the  http://www.innopharmalabs.com/  website : 
 As we speak there are nine major ongoing capital investments, totalling over €1.5 billion ‐ at Centocor, 
 Eli‐Lilly, Glaxo‐SmithKline, Gilead and Pfizer in Cork, at Genzyme and Servier in Waterford and at Merck Sharp and Dohme in Clonmel and Carlow. More significant is the fact that most of these investments are in Biotech or R&D ‐ the cutting edge of the sector. This bodes very well for the long‐term future of the industry in this country.’ 
 Ian Jones, CEO Innopharma Labs emphasizes ‘The pharmaceutical sector is still critical to our economy. We rely on it for over 50% of our exported goods. We can’t forget this. We need to support it maximally. We need to be lean in how we manufacture pharmaceutical products. This needs to be reflected in the people and the technologies introduced to the industry. Innopharma Labs aims to do this with our research and education partners. We love what we do and believe it benefits the Irish pharmaceutical sector’ 
 Hope this will come in handy for someone out there. 
 Regards, 
 Katleen 
 Share this: 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 Pocket 
 
 
 More 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share this 
 
 
 
 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous Post 
 Next Post -> 
 1 thought on "Upskill and get a job in Ireland's Pharmaceutical Industry" 
 
 V. K. Sinha 
 
 July 18, 2012 at 13:44 
 jobs of medical devices belgium 
Your information is So Informative. 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Workinglivingtravellinginireland 
 
 Workinglivingtravellinginireland 
 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Pages 
 
 About me! 
 Accommodation in Ireland 
 Foreign Language jobs in Ireland 
 Google Local Guide 
 Gort Cycle Trails in the Burren Lowlands 
 Have a question? Contact me ! 
 Help with feeling down ? 
 Jobs/ job announcements in Ireland 
 Living in Ireland 
 Recruitment Agencies Ireland 
 Small business interviews West of Ireland 
 Travel 
 Work With Me! 
 Working in Ireland 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 51,366 hits 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 Working, living & Travelling in Ireland | Powered by  Astra WordPress Theme 
 With Google+ plugin by Geoff Janes and Thorsten Hake 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
