Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 5 Steps to Creating More Time 
 Brett Guttormson    27th March    Productivity   Leave a Comment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=5%20Steps%20to%20Creating%20More%20Time%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fyour-job%2Ffind-time-2%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Good Morning!  You plop down at your desk and boot up your computer. Congratulations, you have 100 new  emails . 
 Your boss stops by, “Hey! Can you meet with a new vendor at 2:30? Thanks.” 
 Ring, Ring.  “Hello. Development is questioning the need for 3 new interfaces. Can you meet with us in 15 minutes? See you soon.”  Click!  Aaaaahhhh! 
 On days like these, you silently wish Doc Brown would appear with a brand new Delorean Time Machine, don’t you? Everyone could use  more time . 
 But, let’s face it; Marty McFly spent most of his time fixing family crises. He had no time to finish his TPS reports or build out his amazing presentation to help reduce “Scope Creep.” 
 So, how do you get more time to increase your  productivity  without worrying about the space-time continuum? Here you go: 
 Step 1 - Plan your Priorities 
 
 “Most people aren’t great at establishing strong boundaries around their time, and they’re even worse at observing them.” 
 -( Lara Galloway and Erin Baebler, FastCompany.com ) 
 
 Admit it: Your calendar looks more like a Minecraft Map than any sort of workable document. Maybe you easily accept new assignments. Maybe you are backing-up a team member on vacation. Whatever the reason, you need to  cut the clutter  by rescheduling tasks, delegating them or cutting them out completely. 
 To make these important decisions, you must know your  priorities . Priorities are a gauge to help you decide what you should be doing and for how long. 
 Start by looking at your job description, talking to your leaders and/or your direct reports, and, most importantly, listen to yourself. 
 Make of list of priorities that are  actually  important. Sure, you need to write a hilarious skit for the company picnic, but will you lose business if you spend less than an hour working on the script? 
 If you’re having trouble deciding on your priorities, you can reverse-engineer them. Write down everything you do during one week and approximate how long each task takes. See how much time you spend on tasks and decide “Was it worth the time?” If yes, make it a priority. If no, reschedule it,  delegate it  or cut it. 
 * Tip: You should also make a list of your personal priorities . We will talk about these priorities later. 
 Step 2 – Build your Frame 
 Now that you know your priorities, it’s time to build your calendar.  Calendars  tell you when to do something and for how long. They also help reduce your workload. (What!?) 
 All positions require a certain amount of repetitive work. For example, you might coach direct reports or attend weekly-update meetings. Despite these activities occurring days or weeks apart, they often require the same data. 
 If your calendar shows two requirement  meetings  at the start and end of the week, schedule one period to research for both presentations. You might need to tweak each presentation for the target audience, but your research time is cut in half. Many applications allow you to schedule future reports in advance or to setup reoccurring reports to run at scheduled times. 
 If you find yourself adding events to your calendar in a zombified state, wake up! The better you preplan your activities, the more likely you can follow them and complete your assignments on-time. 
 Step 3 – Use All Your Tools: Apps 
 Like millions of your fellow humans, you probably carry around a computer more powerful than anything ever found on the space shuttle — your  smartphone . If you don’t have a smartphone, you probably have a tablet. With either device, how do we spend most of our time? 
 
 The answer  is … games and social media. 
 Where is the pie slice for productivity? Hint: For smartphones, productivity doesn’t even get its own slice. Yet, app stores list hundreds of productivity apps waiting for you. Yes, you carry around your own  personal assistant  without knowing it. 
 Apps like  Pushbullet, ETA  and  Evernote  allow you to share documents between devices, plan travel times, and store notes and webpages.  Pocket  is the 2014 Webby Award winner for Best Productivity App. This app helps you save online articles, news stories, blog posts and any web links for future viewing even if you are offline. 
 Made for more than  Candy Crush  or  Goat Simulator  (yep, it’s a real game), your smart device is a tool. When you find inspiration on your daily  commute  or forget an important presentation on your desktop, leverage your smartphone as a quick solution. 
 (FYI - I was not compensated in anyway for mentioning any of these apps.) 
 Step 4 - Create your Free Space 
 What happens to your day when the unexpected appears? A computer/application crashes, the new client specifications arrive, or your boss’ boss wants to take you out to  lunch . The unexpected sees your calendar and plays with it like a toddler. 
 
 “Whatever the case, no week ever turns out exactly as planned, so leave some extra space so one unexpected event doesn’t throw off your entire week.” 
 
 Jay Bacrania (entrepreneur.com) 
 
 
 Physically mark “Work Time” or “ Free Time ” on your calendar. No, this is not time to play  Goat Simulator . It’s time to rearrange your day when your mid-morning “information-only” meeting dumps three new takeaway assignments on your plate. It’s also time you can work on those new assignments. 
 By allowing for free time, you increase the chances you will complete your to-do list. Sure, there will be times you have to rearrange events. However, the more you feel your  schedule  works with you the more you will continue to use it. 
 Step 5 - Add Your Playtime 
 Human beings are walking batteries. At least, that is what  The Matrix  taught us. Keanu aside, it’s a perfect allegory. You are a battery, and you need to consistently  recharge . 
 How often do you stay late at work? Work from home at night? Work  weekends ? Do you work these times so frequently you consider them a part of your normal workweek? What seems an attractive solution for catching up on work is actually making you less productive. 
 Why? You are  burnt-out . 
 Nights, weekends and vacations are all times for you to be away from work and rest — mentally and physically. Engage with your hobbies, or engage with  your family . Remember those personal priorities you wrote down in Step One? Pull them out. 
 
 “I find that if I'm relatively strict about delineating blocks of time for work and for not-work, I will get just as much work done as when I was [working] 24/7.” 
 
 Metafilter member OOK 
 
 
 You’re Finished! 
 You followed all five steps. Your time machine is built. Congratulations! 
 Your have a flexible schedule you can complete with time for your personal life. You have a personal assistant you can carry wherever you go. Plus, you have list of your priorities to help you make future  decisions . 
 Your time machine won’t journey to the past or future; however, it will increase your productivity. This is a safer option anyway — you can avoid trying to generate 1.21 gigawatts of power in the year 1885. 
 (   Photo   by MattysFlicks /   CC BY   ) 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 efficiency (56) 
 
 
 find time (2) 
 
 
 Productivity (212) 
 
 
 work flow (67) 
 
 
 Work-Life Balance (42) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Brett Guttormson  |  Website  |  Other Articles 
 Brett Guttormson is a freelance writer juggling the realities of professional and family life. He currently writes his own blog about  work and family balance . 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     Save Time & Money with Smarter Quoting  
  _ _     How to Handle a Career Transition  
  _ _     3 Reasons Goals Are Better than Resolutions + Lifetick Giveaway  
 
 Discussion 
 
 0 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 No Comments yet, be the first! 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
