RECEIVE UPDATES FOR OUR UPCOMING WEBINARS ON EMIGRATING TO AUSTRALIA -  click here to find out more  
   
 
 
 Find Jobs 
 
 
 Regions 
 
 
 Career advice 
 
 
 Moving Guide 
 
 
 News 
 
 
 Register 
 
 Job Seeker Account 
 Employer Account 
 
 
 
 Login 
 
 
 Post a Job 
 
 
 
 
 Find Jobs 
 Regions 
 Career advice 
 Moving Guide 
 News 
 
 
 Find jobs   Locations   Career advice   Moving guide   News 
 REGISTERED NURSES – AGED CARE 
 
 Working In Australia 
 Australia 
 Dec 07, 2020 
 
 Full time Healthcare 
 Job Description 
 Experienced Aged Care workers are required in Australia. 
 We are welcoming applications from suitably qualified and experienced RN’s that are passionate about caring for the elderly. 
 A wide range of opportunities exist in hospitals and residential care facilities. 
 You will be carrying out assessments and patient care planning, providing care and evaluating outcomes of care for patients and their families, monitoring change to patient conditions and behaviours, reassuring and educating families, administering medicines and assisting residents with daily activities. You will also be coordinating, helping, supporting, and educating Caregivers on the floor. 
 Skills and Attributes required 
 
 
 Bachelor of Nursing degree or equivalent 
 
 
 Current nursing registration in the country where you received your nursing education 
 
 
 Two years’ or more experience in adult hospital care or residential care sector post-registration 
 
 
 Fluency and comprehension in English to be able to communicate effectively (written and verbal) with patients, colleagues, and other health professionals 
 
 
 A patient and compassionate person with a holistic approach to nursing 
 
 
 High energy with excellent time management and the ability to lead and delegate 
 
 
 Genuinely passionate about caring for elderly people – this will show in your patient and family centred approach. 
 
 
 A commitment to clinical quality, safety, and improvement 
 
 
 Working In have 20 years’ experience in helping overseas professionals live and work in New Zealand. 
   
 Working In Australia 
  Apply Now 
 Company profile 
 More jobs from this employer 
 Share this job: 
 Modal Window 
 About Working In Australia 
 We’ve been helping people get a good job in Australia for over a decade. It’s what we care about the most! Get started today. 
 Job seekers 
 
 Login  /  Register 
 Job search 
 Companies hiring 
 Get job alerts 
 Contact us 
 
 Recruiting 
 
 Register 
 Existing customer login 
 Advertise a job 
 Products and services 
 
 About us 
 
 About Working In 
 Why use Working In 
 Contact us 
 Privacy policy 
 Terms & conditions 
 
 Our network 
 
 Working In New Zealand 
 Working In Business 
 
 
 Copyright  - Working In Australia 
   
 Copyright  - Working In Australia 
   
