Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Flight Attendant - Hamilton II 
 Swoop 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Life at Swoop. 
 When you work for Swoop, you’re a part of an entrepreneurial startup where nimble, bold, collaborative and digitally-focused are just a few of the words we use to summarize how we roll. Swoop is a wholly owned subsidiary of the WestJet Group but make no mistake, we march to the beat of our own drum. At Swoop, our day-to-day operations are vastly different and deliberately separate, but carefully aligned to complement the big picture strategy of the group. 
 Posting Open Date:  01/24/2020 
 Posting Close Date:  02/09/2020 (Please note the posting will close at 11:59pm) 
 Swoop Flight Attendants act as ambassadors for the Company, creating a remarkable experience for every traveler. Swoop Flight Attendants are representatives of the airline on and off duty. Ensuring everyone on board has a safe and stress-free experience, Flight Attendants deliver exceptional customer service and hospitality. In this role, Flight Attendants are entrusted with the safety and security of our travelers, crew members and aircraft. 
 Conditions of Employment : 
 
 Must be 19 years of age or older. 
 Must be able to communicate with an advanced level of written and spoken English. 
 Must hold a current valid passport; where a Canadian Passport is not held, a Canadian Permanent Resident card (accompanied with all individual Visas necessary to enable you to perform the duties of a Flight Attendant wherever Swoop operates) is required. 
 Must be able to reach 204cm without shoe’s and the ability to raise on the balls of the feet. 
 Must be able to obtain and maintain an Airport Restricted Area Identification Card (requires a 5-year traceable history, a clear criminal record and a Canadian citizenship or Permanent Resident Card). 
 Must be able to travel internationally (United States and beyond) without restrictions. 
 Must be able to lift 50 pounds from floor to waist and 22 pounds’ overhead. 
 Must successfully complete an initial training program, no absence from training is permitted. 
 Must pass a Swoop pre-employment medical. 
 Must be able to travel away from home for an extended period. 
 Must be ready and willing to work 24h/7d/365y; must be able to work any hour of the day, and any day of the week or year. 
 Must be available for reserve shifts. When on call for reserve, Flight Attendants must be contactable and able to report to work within 1 hour of the request being made. 
 Must adhere to uniform standards. 
 Swoop is committed to ensuring the health, safety and well-being of our employees, and our travelers. As per our Alcohol and Drug Policy all offers of employment are conditional on passing a pre-employment alcohol and drug screening test. 
 
 Safety: 
 
 Enforce and follow all Standard Operating Procedures to ensure compliance with Swoop and Regulatory Standards 
 Follow all procedures to properly operate safety and emergency equipment such as oxygen systems, aircraft doors, evacuation slides, fire extinguishers, galley equipment, communication equipment, and lighting systems. 
 
 Service: 
 
 Ensure and uphold exceptional traveler service standards, both inflight and on the ground. 
 Complete service and sales in accordance with Swoop service standards. 
 Anticipate and adhere to travelers’ needs. 
 Assist with the stowage of carry-on items (includes pushing, pulling reaching, stooping, kneeling, lifting and carrying luggage). 
 Effectively manage uncomfortable or challenging situations with the public. 
 Carry oneself with the utmost professionalism and poise while on-duty or in the public eye. 
 Groom oneself according to Swoops strict uniform standards. 
 
 Core Qualifications: 
 
 Advanced level of spoken & written English. 
 High school diploma. 
 Customer service experience considered an asset. 
 Must be able to solve problems and make quick decisions in the interest of safety, crew, or traveler needs. 
 Must be comfortable working in confined spaces. 
 Must be flexible and able to work a varied schedule. 
 Post-secondary education an asset. 
 
 *** Those resumes we are interested in will be sent a link to complete an online interview as a first step in the recruitment process*** 
 What about the Benjamin’s? 
 At Swoop, we’re committed to offering a fair and competitive total compensation package that starts with a solid base salary, and complemented by perks like performance based profit sharing, a company-matched savings plan, flexible group benefits and of course, flight privileges. 
 We celebrate differences and diversity. 
 Swoop is an equal-opportunity employer, and our workplace culture is one where diversity and differences are embraced, appreciated and celebrated. We do not discriminate based upon race, religion, colour, national or ethnic origin, sex, sexual orientation, gender, gender identity, gender expressions, transgender status, marital or family status, disability, age or convictions for which a pardon has been granted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
