Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Family Medicine - Faculty Position - Research 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 The Faculty of Health Sciences at McMaster University invites applications and nominations for the $2 million endowed McMaster Family Medicine Research Chair. 
 The Department of Family Medicine is a leader in primary care education and research. We train 200 residents yearly and our research division administered over $6.5 million of funding last year to support diverse research programs in healthy aging, polypharmacy, community paramedicine, eHealth, and child health. 
 As an internationally recognized and respected scholar, you will have demonstrated success addressing the challenges facing family physicians and primary care providers. You will bring both expertise and passion for improving how we care for patients and how we connect with other members of interprofessional health care teams. 
 The successful candidate will further an established program of academic research that engages and extends the Department’s core strengths. Academic responsibilities will include teaching medical students and family medicine residents and contributing to the development and administration of the university and hospital Departments of Family Medicine. 
 The Chair is open to family physicians, researchers and other regulated health professionals. Academic rank and salary will be commensurate with qualifications and experience. 
 The position will remain open until a suitable candidate is found. 
 For more details, please www.fammedmcmaster.ca. 
 How To Apply 
 Interested candidates should forward their curriculum vitae and a letter of interest to: 
 David Price, MD, CCFP, FCFP 
Professor and Chair 
Department of Family Medicine 
fmchair@mcmaster.ca 
 McMaster University 
1280 Main Street West 
DBHSC, 6th floor 
Hamilton, ON 
L8S 4K1 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is strongly committed to employment equity within its community and to recruiting a diverse faculty and staff. The University encourages applications from all qualified candidates including women, persons with disabilities, First Nations, Métis and Inuit persons, members of racialized communities and LGBTQ-identified persons. If you require any form of accommodation throughout the recruitment and selection procedure, please contact the Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247). 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
