Skip to content 
 
 Jomz Ojeda’s Blog 
 Writings, Arts and More 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Short Story 
 Blogging 
 Feature 
 Poetry 
 My Portfolio 
 About Jomz Ojeda 
 Contact Me 
 
   
 Botched Up the Patch Job 
 Photo by Aleksandar Pasaric on  Pexels.com 
 In my previous post -  I mentioned how our City was in the path of an incoming typhoo n, right? 
 Well, fortunate for us, the path went a lower course and missed us. The most we experienced was some heavy rains around five, up to seven in the morning. 
 The day before, which was Thursday, we got ample time to prepare and anticipate for the typhoon. We moved the potted plants we had at the balcony indoors, covered up the washing machine, and I had to do an inspection of the roof above the kitchen. 
 In the previous storm last year, our kitchen suffered from a massive leak from the rains. I managed to find it. A roof screw must have gotten torn off or something, and so, rain water got in. 
 I did a somewhat thorough inspection, patched up some areas I thought needed more roof sealant, and satisfied with the result, went back to preparing the house for the storm. 
 A funny incident also happened while I was testing our small generator. When I got it to run and roaring, we had a power outage. I ran the machine for five minutes, just to make sure that everything is fine should we have to endure another massive power outage. As I killed the generator, the electricity went back up. Me and my wife got a good chuckle out of it. 
 Friday, the next day, frustration and disappointment hit me when I saw the countertop of the kitchen soaked from a leak from the ceiling. I must have missed a spot, I reckon. I figured it must be higher up the roof, for in normal rains, we don't got any leaks. I placed some pans to catch the dripping water, and swore I'd get to the bottom once the rains finish. However, I was very worried because per the last forecasts, the rains will continue on until two in the afternoon. The kitchen will probably suffer from massive water damage by then. 
 We got to check the weather report and was pleasantly surprised to see that the storm went at a lower path and has already missed us. True enough, at around seven in the morning, the winds died down a bit, and so did the pouring rain. The leak in the ceiling also slowed down to some manageable drops. 
 The next day, the storm was clear of our province, and the sun shone once more. I checked the roof, and found this: 
 In a small section of a joint on the roof, by the wall where the roof was attached, the original sealant was already worn out, and the patching I did was done poorly, allowing water to seep through when the winds blew rain up that part. 
 I fixed it up, patched it up and inspected the rest of the roof. Everything seemed to be in order. Hopefully, the house will be more storm-ready, specially since come June, it would be the rainy season once more. 
 That is all for now. I hope you are doing well. 
 See you around, and have a nice day! 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 Reddit 
 Pinterest 
 More 
 
 
 
 Twitter 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 Telegram 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Author: jomz 
 Web Designer and Developer, Graphic Artist. Writer.   View all posts by jomz  
 Author   jomz Posted on  May 18, 2020May 18, 2020 Categories  Life Tags  blog ,  failure ,  life lessons ,  personal life ,  repair works ,  roof ,  roofing ,  storm 
 Post navigation 
 Previous Previous post: As if One Crisis Was Not Enough 
 Next Next post: Be Careful of Your Sources 
 Follow Jomz Ojeda’s Blog on WordPress.com 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 465 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Block Buster Movies Canada 
 Into Pandemonium 
 Unmei Kaihen 
 verDC 23 
 We Remember Love 
 
 Search for: Search 
 Follow @jomzojeda 
 https://www.redbubble.com/assets/external_portfolio.js 
 
 Categories 
 
 Blogging 
 Feature 
 Life 
 My Art 
 photography 
 Poetry 
 Review 
 Short Story 
 Tips 
 Uncategorized 
 Writing 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 
 Happy New Year! 
 
 
 Merry Christmas! Happy Holidays! 
 
 
 A Taste of So Nice - A Philippine Soju 
 
 
 Hang In There 
 
 
 Yes - Completely My Fault 
 
 
 RSS - Posts 
 
 
 RSS - Comments 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Short Story 
 
 
 Blogging 
 
 
 Feature 
 
 
 Poetry 
 
 
 My Portfolio 
 
 
 About Jomz Ojeda 
 
 
 Contact Me 
 
 
 Jomz Ojeda’s Blog   Website Powered by WordPress.com . 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
