
 Role 
 Description 
 
 Like what you see? Apply Now or hit the back button to search additional career options. 
 Human Resources Manager 
 Apply Now 
 Power Home Remodeling is a company founded on equal parts hard work and positivity. We believe that “dream” and “achieve” are not mutually exclusive. And that philosophy has served us well in becoming Fortune Magazine’s #1 Workplace for Millennials and one of Glassdoor’s Best Places to Work. 
 Ninety percent of our executives begin their careers in entry-level positions at Power, because we recruit, train, and retain talented people with a desire to succeed. Power is more than a home remodeling company. Power is a dream realization, technology and innovation, community-advocacy, expectation-shattering, happiness-maximizing company that is dedicated to improvement, both for our customers, and ourselves. 
 POSITION SUMMARY: 
 The HR Manager is both a strategic and hands-on role that provides full cycle Human Resources support to the department and company initiatives. The Human Resources Manager will partner closely with the Director of Human Resources and leadership team on aligning the people agenda to the strategic direction of the company, allowing for the acceleration of growth. The key areas of focus are team oversight, training, growing and structuring the human resources and fleet team roles; management training, and coaching. The Human Resources Manager is directly responsible for the overall administration, coordination, and evaluation of the human resources generalist, administrators and fleet roles and responsibilities. This role will be relied on heavily to help shape the team to meet Power’s needs today and for the future. 
 ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: 
 
 Identify and develop leaders/employees to ensure they are capable of delivering on today’s needs and future company needs and capabilities. 
 Understand the business culture, goals and recommend new approaches, policies and procedures to effect continual improvements in business objectives, productivity and development of HR within the company. 
 Strong knowledge of employment laws and the ability to interpret them for the team and leaders to aid in their learning and development. 
 Oversee and offer innovative HR solutions and process improvement for the department’s Business Technology partnership. 
 Act as a performance improvement driver and provoke positive changes in the company’s people management. 
 Challenge the department structure and propose changes to increase the effectiveness of the department. 
 Actively identify knowledge/skill gaps of the team and leaders. Propose changes to implement what is necessary to mitigate risks/issues. 
 Provide objective, data driven, and informed advice and guidance to the Director and other members of the leadership team. 
 Develop and maintain a strong relationship with territory leaders; provide coaching and mentoring for employee issues. 
 Administer and implement policies and procedures. 
 Screen and interview candidates for open HR and fleet roles when applicable. 
 Audit the team’s work including background checks. Ensure all pre-employment checks are completed accurately. 
 Work with department heads to facilitate the HR team learning the business. Collaborate with the Sr. Benefits and Wellness Specialist to drive the team’s learning of benefits, workers compensation, leave, disability and wellness. 
 Assist in auditing orientations run at HQ and the territories to ensure policies and procedures are up to date. If not up to date, implement a plan to coordinate with department leaders to execute a plan to make sure materials are current. 
 Assist employees by answering questions about job responsibilities or perceived issues; facilitate positive work relationships between employees and managers. 
 Administer quarterly, 90 day, mid- year and year-end performance reviews for generalist, administrators and fleet. 
 Investigate accidents, complaints, or employee concerns; document findings and confer with the Director and Legal. 
 Serve as the HR liaison lead for Business Technology and on one or more committees. 
 Assist territories and the team in evaluating disciplinary action, terminations, separations and related documentation. 
 Lead and train the team on proper employee investigations. 
 Other as assigned by management. 
 
 CORE COMPETENCIES: 
 
 Ability to work in a fast paced environment independently and on a team. Under no to limited supervision, be able to: 
 Assess talent, then create and implement plans to improve and develop talent. 
 Compile data from multiple sources to produce strong HR metrics. 
 Create impactful development programs to ready the team and leaders for growth. 
 Possess excellent verbal & written communication skills and interpersonal skills. 
 Pay attention to detail, organize and multi-task job responsibilities effectively. 
 Lead and manage projects to influence and obtain buy-in, and then drive execution and achievement. 
 Be comfortable with high volume workload and not be afraid to "roll up your sleeves". 
 Manage multiple priorities simultaneously - orientated on results. 
 
 EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE: 
 
 Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent required in Human Resources Management or related field. 
 5+ years of relevant experience as a member of an HR team and at least 2 years experience with managing a team. 
 Human Resources technology and learning and development experience preferred. 
 Human Resources experience with supporting 1,000 or more employees across multiple states strongly preferred. 
 
 REQUIRED LICENSES AND CERTIFICATIONS: 
 
 Human Resources Certification required. 
 
 WORK ENVIRONMENT: 
 
 The Human Resources Manager works in an office environment. Some travel is required as necessary. 
 
 Apply Now 
 Power Home Remodeling Group is an equal opportunity employer and we are committed to hiring a diverse and talented workforce. 
 ** 
 Thanks again for your interest in PHRG. 
 ** 
 PHRG is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to diversity in our workspace. 
 © Copyright 2021 PHRG - All rights reserved. 
