We would like to use cookies 
 We use cookies on our website. They help us get to know you a little and how you use our website. This helps us provide a more valuable and tailored experience for you and others. 
 Yes, you can use cookies  No, do not use cookies 
 You can revoke cookies at anytime at the bottom of the page. 
 Skip to Content 
   
 
   
 
   
 Job offer: Monster hunter Reggie Venkman is on the lookout for new staff 
 Become one of Reggies friends on LinkedIn and Facebook and find the perfect new sidejob! 
 Thursday, June 23, 2016 -- You're looking for a job that doesn't bore you? One where you can kill monsters on a daily basis? Perfect, because that is exactly what Reggie Venkman needs assistance with. This is why he uses social networks to hunt for new colleagues. Become a monster hunter today, help Reggie defeat the intruders and rescue as many survivors as possible in an old mansion. 
 Action nonstop at your new sidejob 
 Reggie is the hero of the quirky and turbulent 2D arcade game  My Night Job.  He's a full-time monster hunter - now, however, he uses the social media to hunt for new employees. Reggie appreciates every helping hand as his job is mainly to rescue as many innocent survivors in the old mansion as possible. Be one of the heroic saviors and defeat the nasty monsters in 25 settings so that every single one of the 100 survivors will make it out of the mansion safely. You can use 63 different weapons in order to make mincemeat of the monsters: When push comes to shove, you can even choose to do so with an umbrella or a fridge! 
 Reggie on Facebook and LinkedIn 
 If you want to help Reggie clean out the old mansion, friend him on Facebook and LinkedIn so you can experience closely how he challenges his turbulent daily grind as a terrifying monster hunter. Become Reggies favorite co-worker and tell your own friends all about your qualities as a ghostbuster and your skills with an axe. As a proud monster hunter you can also represent your new job in your own profile as there is also a company profile for  My Night Job  on  LinkedIn . 
 About  My Night Job 
 My Night Job  offers the perfect side job. __ Help Reggie defeat monsters and free survivors in the old mansion. The awarded 2D arcade game is now available  on Steam  and for  PlayStation 4  for $7,99. Save now: During the Steam summer sale that starts today, you are offered a 55% discount. 
 Read more 
 Contact us 
 Jakob Rogalski   Senior Communications Consultant, wildcard communications 
 
  jakob@wildcard-communications.de  
  02151/6535444  
  www.wildcard-communications.de  
 
 My Night Job Trailer 
  See More My Night Job for PS4   
  See More My Night Job on LinkedIn   
  See More My Night Job on Steam   
  See More Reggie Venkman on Facebook   
  See More Reggie Venkman on LinkedIn   
 Jakob Rogalski   Senior Communications Consultant, wildcard communications 
 
  jakob@wildcard-communications.de  
  02151/6535444  
  www.wildcard-communications.de  
 
 About bitComposer 
 bitComposer Interactive GmbH, based in Eschborn, is an independent publishing company for PC and video games. The company focuses on the national and international marketing of entertainment products for the classic PC, console, handheld and mobile platforms. bitComposer Interactive GmbH draws on experienced development teams and service providers in the realization of its own projects, licensed products and contract productions. You can find further information about bitComposer at  www.bitcomposer.com . 
 Get updates in your mailbox 
 Subscribe 
 This site is protected by hCaptcha and its  Privacy Policy  and  Terms of Service  apply. 
 
  www.bitcomposer.com  
  bitcomposer@wildcard-communications.de  
 [ +49 21 51 63 53 444 ](tel:+49 21 51 63 53 444 "+49 21 51 63 53 444") 
 
 bitComposer 
bitComposer Interactive GmbH 
Mergenthalerallee 77 
65760 Eschborn 
Deutschland 
 
   
   
 
 Newsroom published with  Prezly: PR Software . 
 
 Published with    
