[ 
 WorkForThem 
 ](/) 
 
 Blog 
 RSS 
 Remote Jobs 
 Find More Jobs 
 Post a job 
 
 Menu Close 
 
 Blog 
 RSS 
 Remote Jobs 
 Find More Jobs 
 Post a job 
 
 Senior Product Designer 
 EBlock 
 Full time 
 Toronto, ON, Canada Remote 
 Jan 12 
 Summary 
 The Senior Product Designer will play a key role in every part of the design process, from research to conception, to UI/UX, to validation. In this role, you will report directly to our Product Design Lead and collaborate daily with our Product Manager to mockup new and upcoming features for the EBlock application. 
 Core Competencies 
 
 Creative Thinking 
 Communication Skills 
 Team Player 
 Time Management 
 Planning and Organizing 
 Problem Solving 
 Interpersonal Skills 
 
 What you will be doing 
 
 Demonstrate leadership by acting as design owner within the Design team through the conception, build, and release of app features 
 Hold the product output to a high standard, envisioning multiple alternative patterns to solve a single design problem, sweating the details, and iterating on feedback 
 Produces compelling data-informed designs to illustrate concepts iteratively through sketches, site maps, conceptual diagrams, presentation design, user flows, wireframes, and high-fidelity mock-ups and prototypes. 
 Provide a high degree of attention to detail and an eye toward keeping up with and experimenting with new visual design trends. 
 
 What we would Like to see 
 
 Minimum 5 years experience designing responsive web and/or native mobile software applications 
 Portfolio demonstrates a wide variety of designing mobile and web projects/products 
 Expert skill set in Sketch, Photoshop and Invision 
 Deep understanding of UX design best practices, design fundamentals, and responsive design 
 Ability to translate complex concepts, product ideas, and wireframes into simplified designs 
 Experience in design accessibility and building design systems 
 Experienced in working in an agile environment 
 Experience in collaborating with technical and non-technical partners taking full ownership of all activities within your scope 
 
 Good to have experience  : 
 
 Adobe XD and Adobe Illustrator 
 HTML/CSS and Javascript 
 Experience with complex single page applications 
 
 What we offer you 
 
 Highly competitive salary 
 Health and Wellness Benefits 
 Culture of Learning and Development 
 Career advancement opportunities 
 
 About us 
 EBlock is an online vehicle auction where vehicles are bought and sold in 60 seconds. Our technology gives automotive dealers the opportunity to inspect and sell vehicles in a live online auction from their own dealership. EBlock currently host two types of auctions: In the first, dealers are able to launch and load auctions at time of vehicle appraisal. The second enables dealers to sell fresh trades or aged inventory. At EBlock, we are constantly innovating to adapt to today's automotive dealer’s needs. We greatly value our customer’s feedback, which is used to enhance our technology to better serve our users. 
 Apply for this position 
 Apply 
 Your application has been successfully submitted. 
 Please fix the errors below and resubmit. 
 Something went wrong. Please try again later or contact us. 
 Personal information 
 First name * 
 Last name * 
 Email * 
 Address (Optional) 
 Profile 
 Summary (Optional) 
 Resume * 
 Details 
 Cover letter * 
 Submit application 
   
 EBlock 
 EBlock is an online vehicle auction where vehicles are bought and sold in 60 seconds. 
 Website   Twitter 
 Apply for this position 
 Share this job 
 [Tweet](https://twitter.com/share?text=EBlock is hiring a Senior Product Designer in Toronto, ON, Canada&url=https://workforthem.com/job/15281-senior-product-designer)  Share  [Share](https://www.linkedin.com/shareArticle?mini=true&summary=EBlock is hiring a Senior Product Designer in Toronto, ON, Canada&url=https://workforthem.com/job/15281-senior-product-designer&source=WorkForThem) 
 
 
 WorkForThem 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Terms Of Service 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Menu 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 RSS 
 
 
 Remote Jobs 
 
 
 Find More Jobs 
 
 
 Post a job 
 
 
 Browse Jobs By 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 Locations 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 
 Jobs By Type 
 
 
 Full time 
 
 
 Part time 
 
 
 Freelance 
 
 
 Internship 
 
 
 Contract 
 
 
