  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
 SQL Server 
 
 SQL Server Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance SQL Server Expert ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/sql-server) 
 1 week ago 
 Requiero una persona con las habilidades de sql 
 Published: 1 week ago  Bids: 3 
 I need a person with the ability to sql, who works seriously in this type of work since I will require it for the rest of the year, thanks 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Small 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  L. A. A. T. Last reply: 6 days ago  Bolivia 
 USD 50 - 100 
 2 weeks ago 
 Ssis Projects 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 3 
 We require someone to work on a variety of projects with SSIS connections for PowerBI dashboards. These connections include CDATA connectors to systems such as Orderwise, OGL, Zoho 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Data Science 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Part time 
 Published by:  A. Last reply: 2 weeks ago  Argentina Payment method:  __Verified 
 Less than USD 10 / hour 
 29 days ago 
 Full stack developer in large asp.net Mvc (framework) application f... 
 Published: 29 days ago  Project duration: 1 - 4 weeks Bids: 4 
 We are looking for talented c# developers to help us create and evolve a new project. 
 The project focusses on renting holiday homes around the world. Some key issues that we will face as developers are: 
 large scale importing external data from multiple different sources, and translating it to an internal format (descriptions, images, pricing, etc). 
 Large, user friendly, frontend for searching and booking holiday homes. 
 The application is being built in c#,  asp.net  framework with sqlserver and EF6 on azure (using other azure features such as storage, queues, micro services, cdn, etc). 
 For the front-end a mix of c#/razor views with plain js and vuejs (3) are used. 
 Ideally we are looking for a full stack developer that can help in each of these areas. Or at least a few of them. 
 You will be joining a team of seniors and juniors already working on the project (all in the same location currently). And work will be deligated in daily standups (MS teams) using visual studio online boards for planning and tracking. 
 In our current routine we have the option to check each others work, and answer questions whenever needed. So you would not be working for extended period of time on some feature without having any interaction. You would be part of the team, and have instant communication whenever needed. 
 More long term, as a custom software developer company, based in the netherlands, we always have a need for developers. So if things work out, this could definity evolve into a long term partnership with steady hours /work. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new custom site 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : Full time 
 API Integrations  : Cloud Storage (Dropbox, Google Drive, etc.), Other (Other APIs) 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  M. V. G. Netherlands 
 USD 20 - 30 / hour 
 Last month 
 Vb.Net All kinds of System Development 
 Published: Last month  Bids: 2 
 Offer me a process flow, and features send your price ill do it depending on your Choice my infos are Private so better PM for your details. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Desktop apps 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new app 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Other (Other APIs) 
 Required platforms  : Windows 
 Published by:  N. C. Philippines 
 USD 500 - 1,000 
 Last month 
 Real Estate Website (Mobile Friendly) 
 Published: Last month  Bids: 22 
 Description: 
The project involves the design and development of a Mobile-Friendly Real Estate Website that gives agents and property managers the ability to showcase and manage their property listings while providing potential renters and home buyers a concise and structured way of searching for properties, booking an inspection and completing the rental/home buying process online. The web site will be set up in a way that the agents and property managers will have total administrative rights to their listings with the ability to create, modify, or delete listings. 
 A mobile-friendly website with excellent user experience and the following features: 
 
 A powerful search engine for displaying detailed summary of rental properties and properties for sale 
 A profile creation feature for prospective renters/homebuyers, property agents and property managers with role-based access controls 
 A rent/home purchase application form 
 An online rent payment platform with a remittance feature to multiple beneficiaries 
 A “property inspection” booking feature 
 An Agent Portal where property agents and property managers can create property listings and upload pictures of the properties and submit for approval before being published for public viewing with option for paid listings. 
 A Tenant Portal where existing tenants can file complaints, put in service requests, issue rent renewal/termination notices, etc with backend feature for property managers to take action based on the requests. 
 A feature that allows a prospective tenant to complete the rental process (rent payment, rental agreement, etc) 
 
 Category: IT & Programming 
Subcategory: Web development 
What is the scope of the project?: Create a new custom site 
Is this a project or a position?: Project 
I currently have: I have specifications 
Required availability: As needed 
Roles needed: Designer, Developer 
Required platforms: Android 
I need to: Create an app 
App type: e-Shop 
Similar apps: Airbnb 
Back-end is required: Yes 
Payment gateway: Yes 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new custom site 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Roles needed  : Designer, Developer 
 Published by:  H. M. Last reply: Last month  Nigeria 
 USD 1,000 - 3,000 
 2 months ago 
 Infrastructure / dev ops 
 Published: 2 months ago  Bids: 4 
 Looking for an experienced dev ops for some freelancing work around cloud infrastructure, Kubernetes, clusters. Need someone with experience in various cloud tools that can provide recommendations. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 API Integrations  : Cloud Storage (Dropbox, Google Drive, etc.) 
 Roles needed  : Other 
 Other roles needed  : Dev Ops 
 Published by:  H. United Kingdom Payment method:  __Verified 
 USD 250 - 500 
 3 months ago 
 .net Saas Project 
 Published: 3 months ago  Deadline: 62 Bids: 8 
 I need a full stack developer with .net developer skills. Project will run as Saas. Blueprint will be shared during aggrement. 
 Required skills: 
 ASP .NET MVC 
Nodejs 
MsSQL 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Web development 
 What is the scope of the project?  : Create a new custom site 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Roles needed  : Developer 
 Published by:  O. G. Last reply: 3 months ago  Turkey 
 Over USD 3,000 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
