
 Admin 
 Job Postings 
 Latest Comments 
 Contact 
 
 Search 
 The Working Forest - Your #1 source for forestry and forest industry news. 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Digital edition 
 
 
 Multimedia 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 Classifieds 
 
 
 Subscription 
 
 
 Admin 
 
 
 Directory 
 
 
 Latest Comments 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 Economic Institute says caribou plan threatens jobs in Quebec 
 August 27, 2015 
 By: Pulp and Paper Canada 
 If the Quebec government further restricts logging activities in order to protect caribou, 2,931 jobs and $367 million of economic activity are threatened, according to an Economic Note published today by the Montreal Economic Institute (MEI). 
 The new boreal caribou recovery plan, which is set to come into effect in 2018, aims to increase and to maintain Quebec's boreal caribou population at 11,000 animals over the total extent of its current range, notably by imposing new restrictions on forestry activities. 
 If the government goes forward with this plan, thousands of jobs will be lost, at a time when the sector is only just recovering from a crisis, says the MEI. This will especially affect the Saguenay–Lac-Saint-Jean region, where the forestry sector in 2013 accounted for 10% of total employment and 14% of the region's GDP. The authors of the Note estimate that if the recovery plan is implemented, 2,701 jobs would be lost in the region, and GDP would fall by $339 million. These losses would be less pronounced for the North Shore and other administrative regions. 
 "There is certainly a need for conservation measures to protect biodiversity, but they must have concrete positive effects as well as costs that are not out of proportion with the goals. When it comes to the boreal caribou, though, these two criteria do not seem to have been respected," says Alexandre Moreau, co-author of the publication and public policy analyst at the MEI. 
 According to the authors, if the total cost for all regions is spread out over the number of caribou saved per year, the loss would be 31 jobs and $3.8 million for each caribou potentially saved. 
 In addition to the socioeconomic costs associated with these restrictions, there exists a considerable level of uncertainty regarding the government's ability to properly measure the achievement of the conservation targets, say the authors. MEI points to the absence of a boreal caribou survey carried out in a systematic manner and the lack of precision in the evaluation methods, which mean that it is difficult to know the exact state of the populations. 
 MEI cites the example that between 1999 and 2012, the population more than doubled in the Saguenay–Lac-Saint-Jean region despite a high level of disturbance, going from 115 to 247 animals, but it was not possible to draw any clear conclusions regarding the causes of this increase. 
 “Even if we completely ceased all logging in the caribou's range of distribution, it is entirely possible that downward population trends would continue because of factors like climate change, forest fires, insect epidemics, and hunting. In short, forestry activities are but one factor among many others," notes Jasmin Guénette, co-author of the publication and vice-president of MEI. 
 MEI says that aside from the estimate proposed in this Note, no numerical analysis of costs has been made public, whether by the government or by environmentalist groups. “Decision makers and the general public need to have an idea of the actual impacts of a policy before it is adopted. And in this case, we should make sure that the socioeconomic costs of the boreal caribou recovery plans are not out of proportion before imposing additional restrictions on forestry activities," concludes Guénette. 
 The Economic Note entitled "The Economic Costs of the Boreal Caribou Recovery Plan" was prepared by Jasmin Guénette and Alexandre Moreau. The publication is available on the MEI website. 
 The Montreal Economic Institute is an independent, non-partisan, not-for-profit research and educational organization which aims to stimulate debate on public policies in Quebec. 
 By:  Pulp and Paper Canada 
 
 Prev story 
 Share on Facebook 
 Share on Twitter 
 Next story 
 
 Your comments. 
 Comments are closed. 
 Your #1 source for forestry and forest industry news. 
 
 
   
 
 
 My Account 
 
 Admin 
 Login 
 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 Job Postings 
 Advertise 
 
 
 
 Social 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 YouTube 
 
 
 
 More 
 
 Archives 
 Latest Comments 
 Privacy Policy 
 Site Map 
 Newsletter Sign Up 
 
 
 
 The Working Forest Box 138 Stn Main North Bay P1B 8G8 1-705-358-8213 
 Built by Sofa Communications 
*[Stn]: Station 
