Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Occupational Therapist - Altum Health 
 University Health Network 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 JOB POSTING #850735 
 Position:  Occupational Therapist 
 Department:  Altum Health 
 Site:  All Sites 
 Reports to:  Site Manager 
 Status:  Permanent Full-time/Permanent Part-time 
 Altum Health is a department within the University Health Network with over 300 employees across several sites (Toronto, Cambridge, Barrie, Hamilton, Oakville, Ajax, Mississauga, Vaughan, Brampton and Scarborough). We offer a full continuum of prevention, rehabilitation, and health care services to third party payors and individuals, including the Workplace Safety and Insurance Board (WSIB), employers, and insurers. 
 At Altum Health, we believe in providing “The Right Care. Always.” by offering client-centered services that address the physical, psychosocial, and behavioral issues related to injury or illness. We actively participate in outcomes data collection, analysis and reporting, continuous quality improvement and the education and training of the next generation of health and service professionals. Altum Health services prevent and manage acute and chronic injury as well as co-morbid conditions and integrate clients back into the workplace and home life. Our services result in positive outcomes and value to our clients and customers. 
 We are seeking OCCUPATIONAL THERAPISTS with knowledge, skills and abilities in the rehabilitation of mental health injuries and chronic pain to join our team! The successful candidate will work as part of an interdisciplinary team primarily within our mental health specialty program and interdisciplinary pain program, although they may be required to support other clinical work as necessary. The successful candidate should have strong clinical skills, and experience in treating acute and chronic conditions. Experience with work related injuries, chronic pain, activity based rehabilitation, work simulation, and return to work planning preferred. An approach including both physical and psychosocial interventions is essential. The successful candidate must be able to work within a multidisciplinary team including other Occupational Therapists, Physiotherapists, Kinesiologists, Cognitive Behavioural Therapists, as well as Physician and Psychologist consultants. Strong communication, teamwork and service excellence skills are important. We prefer candidates with at minimum two years of experience specific to this job. 
 QUALIFICATIONS 
 
 University Degree in respective profession as required by the College of Occupational Therapists of Ontario 
 Certificate of Registration with respective College 
 Two (2) years related experience in the treatment of clients/patients with work related injuries, MVA and/or experience in the third party health care system 
 Experience working with mental health programs preferred 
 Experience working with chronic pain programs preferred 
 Return to work planning skills preferred 
 Excellent interpersonal, time management and organizational skills 
 Demonstrates appropriate and effective written, oral, and nonverbal communication skills 
 Ability to provide group education sessions and lead small group learning 
 Compliance with confidentiality requirements 
 Exercise initiative and good judgment with ability to multi-task 
 
 There are difficult cases that challenge us and there are sensitive cases that require a delicate touch. Every day, there are clinical learning opportunities and teaching moments. Everyone who works on our team truly wants to be there and believes in the work we do together. With the Circle of Care mindset as a guiding principle, you eagerly participate in quality improvement activities and perform cross-functional and cross-site duties as required. You believe in the work we do together. 
 We thank all applicants, however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 Altum Health UHN is a respectful, caring, and inclusive workplace. We are committed to championing accessibility, diversity and equal opportunity. 
Requests for accommodation can be made at any stage of the recruitment process providing the applicant has met the Bona-fide requirements for the open position. Applicants need to make their requirements known when contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
