
 Role 
 Description 
 
 Like what you see? Apply Now or hit the back button to search additional career options. 
 Employee Relation Specialist 
 Apply Now 
 Power Home Remodeling is a company founded on equal parts hard work and positivity. We believe that “dream” and “achieve” are not mutually exclusive. And that philosophy has served us well in becoming Fortune Magazine’s #1 Workplace for Millennials and one of Glassdoor’s Best Places to Work. 
 Ninety percent of our executives begin their careers in entry-level positions at Power, because we recruit, train, and retain talented people with a desire to succeed. Power is more than a home remodeling company. Power is a dream realization, technology and innovation, community-advocacy, expectation-shattering, happiness-maximizing company that is dedicated to improvement, both for our customers, and ourselves. 
 POSITION SUMMARY: 
 
 The Employee Relations Specialist is primarily responsible for partnering HR with Power’s management teams and legal team to drive a consistent approach to interpretation and application of company policies, procedures or general practices while providing support for corrective action and performance improvement. 
 ESSENTIAL DUTIES AND RESPONSIBILITIES: 
 Handle all aspects of workplace investigations (including but not limited to: planning, organizing, interviewing, securing relevant documents, evaluating, summarizing data, presenting findings, offering recommendations, and following up once a conclusion is reached). 
 Must have a strong command of and maintain knowledge of the company’s culture, employee relations, coaching & counseling employees, conducting internal investigations, and federal, state, and local employment laws (including but not limited to: Title VII of the Civil Rights Act, EEOC, HIPAA, COBRA, FLSA, ADAA, workers compensation, and FMLA laws). 
 Conduct and analyze exit interviews. 
 Provide recommendations to management in creating and administering corrective actions. 
 Assist managers with creating reviews, and administering disciplinary documentation and/or performance improvement plans. 
 Assist managers with terminations when necessary. 
 Identify and communicate education and training opportunities regarding employee relations issues. 
 Create strong relationships with all levels of management and departments across the territories the HR team supports. 
 Ability to deal with complex situations and have hard conversations. 
 Assist in gathering documentation, communicating and evaluating leave situations and accommodations. 
 Support Power’s initiatives, managers and employees with issues or complaints. 
 Partner with Power’s legal team with interpreting agreements, grievances, mediation etc. 
 Participate in developing and delivering orientation and formal HR training programs. 
 Other as assigned by management. 
 
 CORE COMPETENCIES: 
 
 Ability to work in a fast paced environment independently and on a team. Under limited supervision, be able to: 
 Effectively communicate verbally & in written form. 
 Seek counsel when necessary. 
 Possess and utilizes different interviewing techniques, strategies, interpersonal, and counseling skills. 
 Pay attention to detail, organize and prioritize job responsibilities effectively. 
 Interpret, and apply best practices, as well as applicable policies, guidelines, federal, state, and local employment laws and regulations. 
 Analyze, negotiate and problem solve. 
 Use discretion. 
 
 EDUCATION AND EXPERIENCE: 
 
 Bachelor’s Degree or equivalent required in Human Resources Management or related field. 
 3+ years of relevant generalist experience as a member of an HR, legal or compliance team. 
 Experience with supporting 1,000 or more employees across multiple states strongly preferred. 
 
 REQUIRED LICENSES AND CERTIFICATIONS: 
 
 Human Resources Certification strongly preferred or the ability to obtain one within the first year and a half. 
 
 WORK ENVIRONMENT: 
 
 The Employee Relations Specialist works in an office environment. Travel is required as necessary. 
 
 Apply Now 
 Power Home Remodeling Group is an equal opportunity employer and we are committed to hiring a diverse and talented workforce. 
 ** 
 Thanks again for your interest in PHRG. 
 ** 
 PHRG is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to diversity in our workspace. 
 © Copyright 2021 PHRG - All rights reserved. 
