Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Research & Knowledge Mobilization Coordinator 
 University of Alberta 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Competition No. - S100843240 
Posting Date - Nov 19, 2020 
Closing Date - Dec 02, 2020 
 Hourly Rate - $29.96 - $41.07 
Grade - 09 
Hours - 35 
 This competition is open to all applicants, however, internal candidates and applicants who were former employees of the University of Alberta in the past 18 months will be given priority consideration before external candidates. 
 This full-time position has an end date of 8 months from the date of hire, with the possibility of extension based on the availability of funding. 
 The overarching goals for the Research & Knowledge Mobilization Coordinator position are: 
 A) to enhance and support research capacity in the Division of Pediatric Emergency Medicine (PEM), and 
 B) to facilitate the mobilization of knowledge about children’s pain management in Canadian health institutions through Solutions for Kids in Pain (SKIP). 
 The Department of Pediatrics within the University of Alberta is one of Canada’s leading academic pediatric institutions in medical education and pediatric research. We also work in conjunction with the Stollery Children’s Hospital to provide leading-edge clinical care. We are dedicated to the advancement of child health through the delivery of exemplary education, research, and patient care. Further information on the Department of Pediatrics can be found at www.pediatrics.ualberta.ca. 
 PEM Research activities will include coordinating and managing the day-to-day functions associated with clinical trials (and other studies) and supervising research staff. This includes providing training and on-call phone support for staff during evenings and weekends. 
 SKIP is a national knowledge mobilization network whose mission is to improve children’s pain management by mobilizing evidence-based solutions through coordination and collaboration. More information about SKIP can be found at www.kidsinpain.ca. 
 SKIP Knowledge mobilization activities will include engaging stakeholders (including senior administrators, health professionals, patient and caregiver advocates and the general public) within their designated region of Western Canada and collaborating with their counterparts in across Canada. The coordinator will directly support and work with the regional SKIP Hub Lead in their leadership activities. 
 This position reports to the Pediatric Emergency Medicine (PEM) Program Lead, the Research Director, and the SKIP Hub Lead. 
 Duties 
 PEM Research Coordination (approx. 50%) 
 Performs study preparation and setup activities, including ARISE ethics applications, development of study consent forms, recruitment documents, and development of standard operating procedures (SOPs) in relation to study protocols 
Organizes and regularly reviews the regulatory documents, recruited participant files, chart reviews, and other daily aspects of clinical trials according to study protocols 
Manages the conduct of research protocols (including Health-Canada regulated trials) in adherence to all aspects of ICH-GCP, TriCouncil Policy Statement guidelines, and Health Canada guidelines 
Monitors recruitment activities and troubleshoots potential quality assurance issues 
Liaises with Alberta Health Services and University departments, including the Research Ethics Boards, pharmacy, health records, and monitoring teams. Specifically, liaise with Stollery Emergency Department managers, educators, nursing and physician staff to facilitate progress of research studies. 
Liaises with external lead study sites, providing assistance and solutions as needed 
Develops training modules/documents and train all research team members on study protocols as required. Provide ongoing study training and study specific updates as well. 
Responsible for supervision of research staff including the assignment of tasks and oncall phone support during shift hours including evenings and weekends 
Participates in all study-related meetings, such as principal investigator meetings, site visits, monitoring visits, and study conference calls 
Keeps site investigators updated on status of ongoing projects 
Reviews scheduling of research staff and approve timesheets biweekly 
Screen and recruit potential study participants in the Emergency Department for clinical trials as required 
 SKIP Knowledge Mobilization (approx. 50%) 
 Connect with diverse stakeholders on behalf of SKIP and communicate clearly a strong call to action to engage stakeholders in SKIP’s projects 
Facilitate knowledge exchange and ongoing dialogue between knowledge producers (researchers) and knowledge users (health professionals, administrators and policy makers, patients and caregivers) within in their assigned regions 
Support knowledge mobilization activities and partnerships within and across clinical, research, and policy domains to improve the generation and use of research knowledge 
Engage and support regional Children’s Healthcare Canada members within the network to access, adapt, and implement evidence 
Empower stakeholders through capacity development through the provisions of resources, training, and mentoring within Canadian health institutions 
Prepare knowledge mobilization tools and activities and tailor resources to address stakeholder needs or local context 
Review and update materials on evidence-based pain management practices for healthcare professionals. Review and summarize existing evidence into plain language summaries accessible to children and their families. 
Support evidence implementation within their region as well as network between regional hubs and collaborate with the other SKIP Knowledge Brokers 
Participate in quality improvement initiatives aimed at improving pain care for children across Alberta 
Organize and lead meetings with stakeholders from Western Canadian tertiary pediatric care centres every two months. 
 Qualifications 
 The ideal candidate will have an undergraduate degree in Nursing, Sciences, or a health-related field; graduate degree is preferred; equivalent combinations of education and experience will be considered 
Related experience including nursing, emergency medicine, or work with families/children. 
Experience working on collaborative projects with researchers, health professionals, partners and/or other stakeholder groups/organizations, including patients and families 
A demonstrated passion for the promotion of child health and keen interest in up-to-date research evidence 
Ability to interpret and identify key results from health research, and to summarize research findings in plain language 
Previous experience in a research environment or managing clinical research projects is required and/or demonstrated project management experience. 
Proficiency with MS Office applications (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook), data management software (REDCap), and clinical record software (NetCare, ConnectCare) 
Strong attention to detail, problemsolving, analytical, communication (verbal and written) and decision-making skills 
Ability to work efficiently in a professional and ethical manner in accordance with University of Alberta and Alberta Health Services policies and procedures 
Strong ability to work with different teams, locally and at a distance. 
Excellent interpersonal, motivational and organizational skills; ability to work in a team environment as well as independently with minimal supervision 
Skilled mediator and team builder 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
