I Can't Believe It's Not Blogger 
 Needs more butter 
 Menu Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Gaming 
 Sports Games 
 
 Five FIFA Career Mode Challenges to Make the Game Less Boring 
 4 Replies 
 NEW EDITION FOR FIFA 18 AVAILABLE HERE. 
 FIFA Manager Career mode this year sucks, well it doesn't suck, it just hasn't changed much since last years, which itself hadn't been a great change on the year before that – I could go on. 
 Not being a huge fan of how FIFA treats its player career mode (it pales in comparison to what PES has done in previous years which Become a Legend), or the money vacuum that is Ultimate Team, I am stuck with only three choices: Head to Head (no thanks), Pro Clubs (which as always this year is pretty good, but could be better even with this years improvements), and Manager Career. 
 Most of my time in any given FIFA is split between Pro Clubs and Manager Career, with most of it spent in career mode. As you might expect, after years of the mode failing to evolve this gets a little bland, and so I begun seeking out ways to make the game fresh, new challenges. Below are five Manager Career modes that are bound to freshen the game up at least a little. 
 
 Leeds United 
 
 We begin with Leeds United, once a great of English football since stuck in the limbo of the Championship after their promotion from League One in the 2009/2010 season. Reaching the Champions League Semi Final in the 2000/2001 season, you will be tasked with bringing this sleeping giant back to the heights of English, and European football. On top of this Leeds is the third biggest city in the UK, and possess only one club, Leeds, surely the city deserves some glory? 
 The board expectation are interesting, with a critical emphasis on youth development, as well as a high emphasis on both the financial front, and the domestic success of the club – you will be expected to succeed from the off. A respectable budget of four-million pounds will allow you to bring in a scout, and maybe a player but is nowhere near competing with the budget of the big boys of the division. The squad does not need any real addition, you're weak spot will be your wingers but they are young and will develop nicely. 
 Pros: 
 
 
 Excellent defence, should help you escape the Championship 
 
 
 Most of the squad are in the early years of their prime 
 
 
 A solid young player in Viera 
 
 
 Personally, nice kits – love a clean looking kit design 
 
 
 Cons: 
 
 
 At the end of the season the core of that defence will be gone, they are loanees 
 
 
 Wingers are young and willimprove; but you need results now 
 
 
 Developing youth in such a competitve league may effect results 
 
 
 A decent youth scout will cost most of your transfer budget 
 
 
 Difficulty Rating:  Professional 
 Similar teams: Nottingham Forest, Wolves, Reading, Ipswich, Fulham, Derby 
 
 AC Milan 
 
 The  Rossoneri  are second only to Real Madrid in Champions League wins, with seven in total. Milan have also won eighteen domestic league titles, second only to Juventus.Stars such as Ruud Gulit, Marco van Basten, Ronaldiniho, Baresi, Maldini, Pirlo & Nesta have all graced the pitch of the San Siro wearing the iconic red and black of Milan. So it is with some confusion they find themselves where they are, a 7th place finish saw them finish outside the European places, this was however better than their 10th place finish the previous season. With no Champions League appearances since the 2013-2014 season, can you restore one of the biggest clubs in the world to the top of the European game? 
 Brand exposure is critical for returning Milan to the top of the footballing pyramid and this is reflected in your objectives. Domestic success is also set as high, as is continental success meaning that qualifying for Europe and thriving are very important as you could imagine at such a large club. Financials and youth development are both of medium importance. Milan's transfer budget of thirty-seven million pounds will be more than enough to capture a star or two in order to increase brand exposure. The squad has some outstanding young players in Romagnoli and Donnarumma who should for the base of your defence for years along, Locatelli just in front of the defence, coupled with Suso and Niang on the wings offer a optimistic picture of the future for Milan. Whilst no area of the Milan squad is deficient, a young striker could help take some of the burden off the ageing Bacca, alternatively a left winger if you wish to move Niang to striker. The central midfield is also slightly weak without Bonaventura, so an additional mobile creative presence could help break down the more stern Serie A defences. 
 Pros: 
 
 
 Excellent young players and a decent core means you just need to add starpower 
 
 
 Bacca is a high quality forward, make the most of him 
 
 
 Generous transfer and wage budget that can be bolstered by selling dead weight 
 
 
 Lack of Europe in the first year means you can focus on domestic competitions 
 
 
 Cons: 
 
 
 Target of reaching the Champions League Semi-Final in three seasons may be a stretch 
 
 
 The balance amongst Serie A's top sides means the battle for Champions League places is fierce 
 
 
 There is dead weight in the squad, this will bolster your bank, but be careful with who you sell as the squad is thin 
 
 
 Difficulty rating:  Semi Pro 
 Similar teams: Liverpool, Valencia, Hamburg 
 
 Sporting CP 
 
 One of the big three in Portugal alongside Benfica and Porto the Lions are renowned for their youth academy, producing talents such as Cristiano Ronaldo, Luis Figo and Paulo Futre. Sporting are the third most successful side in Portugal, the least successful of the big three with eighteen league titles, sixteen Portuguese Cups, Sporting have never won a Champions League or a Europa league, however they did win a European Cup Winners Cup in the 1963-1964 season. With the high emphasis on youth football at Sporting, your mission is to build a team of players solely from Portugal and Brazil (both Portuguese speaking countries) using your youth academy and transfers in order to conquer Portugal, and then onto Europe – of course for an extra challenge you could just use Portuguese players… 
 Expectations are high from the get go, you are expected to win both the league and the cup, with the culling of the team over the summer this may be tricky. However, the critical target for youth development will be a long term boost, forcing you to develop the next Figo and/or Ronaldo. Once you have won the league that first first season though you will be expected to repeat this achievement and on top of that, reach the semi-final of the Champions League. Your transfer budget is low, only thirteen million pounds, but if you are following this challenge this will be bolstered by the sales of no Portuguese or Brazilian players. The Sporting squad is stacked with young talent you can use to rebuild, Ruben Semedo, William Carvalho, Gelson Martins and Matheus Pereira particularly standout. Transfers will be massive in the first two windows, and your ability in these windows will be indicative to your success. A striker will be needed an area where Portugal lack, luckily if you are allowing Brazilians into your squad you may be able to pick up someone talented. 
 Pros: 
 
 
 Sporting are a class above the rest of the league, baring of course Porto & Benfica 
 
 
 The squads young talent is potentially world class 
 
 
 A lot of Portuguese talent that has been loaned out can be recalled 
 
 
 Board expectation of developing youth aligns with the challenges goal 
 
 
 Cons: 
 
 
 Lots of players will need to be sold, potentially a very barebones squad for the first season 
 
 
 Champions League first season will be tricky as you rebuild 
 
 
 Champions League Semi-Final in two years is a large ask 
 
 
 Porto & Benfica will not drop many points, you cannot afford to either 
 
 
 Difficulty raing:  World Class 
 Similar teams: Benfica, Ajax, Feyenoord, Lyon, Barcelona 
 
 Finn Harps 
 
 This was a close call between Finn Harps and Wexford Youths, both of the Airtricity League of Ireland. The reason I have gone for Finn Harps is because Wexford Youths pink kit is far too flashy for the humble beginnings of this challenge. Really, any league of Ireland team will do I have singled out Finn Harps because on paper they are the worst, like, the very worst, so if you are looking for the ultimate rise to glory what better place to start. Finn Harps have never won Ireland's top flight, so that is the first goal, achievable even as the worst team in the league, within the first two seasons. From there the challenge is to build a team capable of getting into Europe through the play offs and finally climbing all the way to the top to become Ireland's first ever Champions League winner. 
 The only critical board objective is financial: salary growth must be kept under twenty percent and a profit margin of around four-million pounds must be achieved. Apart from this everything is very low, apart from youth development which is low. You have almost a free pass the first season as you are only expected not to finish in the bottom part of the league. Your transfer budget is only four-hundred thousand pounds so I would recommend using this on a decent youth scout, as this is the only feasible way of growing your squads quality. The squad lacks quality and so youth players should be brought through as soon as possible. Consider taking the Irish national team job if offered as you could single handedly develop the future of Irish football at Finn Harps, winning Ireland the World Cup. 
 Pros: 
 
 
 Low expectations means you have a while to get things right, take your time 
 
 
 Once you develop youth you will easily dominate the domestic league 
 
 
 Low quality of the league means you can compete straight away, regardless of quality 
 
 
 If you win the Champions League with Finn Harp, and the World Cup with Ireland you may be the best/most patient FIFA player in the world 
 
 
 Cons: 
 
 
 You will require the patience of a saint, this will be a long process 
 
 
 Team will be hard to play with to begin with, and simulating games will surely result in a loss 
 
 
 Europe will be a tough nut to crack, especially with having to play a play-off each year 
 
 
 The allure of the league of Ireland is low, big teams will want your top talents 
 
 
 Difficulty rating:  Legendary 
 Similar teams: the whole lower half of the league of Ireland 
 
 Hull City 
 
 This team needs premier league quality players, fast. Internal issues over the summer prevented Hull City from bringing in the re-enforcement they require in order to establish themselves in the Premier League following their promotion from the Championship last season. The challenge: disable the first transfer window and survive. You have the winter window to strengthen your team, but any injury before then and you will have sixty-rated players starting against City or Arsenal. Each game against a fellow struggler will be a must win – can you do it? 
 The board has only one critical objective and this is again finance, you must finish with at least twenty-five million pounds profit at the end of the first transfer window – you remember, your only chance to make your team competitive? There is a very low priority on domestic success but a mid-table finish is still asked for. A transfer budget of nineteen-million is generous, however, with having to generate a profit you will have to be very careful. The squad has major deficiencies, namely on the wings – if Snodgrass gets injured you will have to rethink the system. You have some high quality players in Mbokani, Hernandez, Snodgrass & Henriksen, getting the best out of these players is critical to your success. 
 Pros: 
 
 
 Hull City possess some incredibly hard working players with decent stamina, luckily 
 
 
 Mbokani and Hernandez will get you goals if you can get the team to play well 
 
 
 You don't have to be the best, just better than Sunderland – they always stay up 
 
 
 You have four keepers, if things get desperate stick them upfront 
 
 
 Cons: 
 
 
 The squad is super thin, any injury and you may be down to youth players 
 
 
 Lack of quality wingers, if you want to play wide, people will have to play out of position 
 
 
 Financial objective is very restrictive, failing to meet it may cost your job 
 
 
 Finishing mid-table may be a bit of a stretch, even after strengthening 
 
 
 Difficulty rating:  Professional 
 Similar teams: Burnley, Bournemouth, Dijon, Darmstadt, Empoli, Granada 
 NEW TEAM IDEAS FOR FIFA 18!!! 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  FIFA 17 ,  Gaming ,  Sports Games  and tagged  AC Milan ,  Career Mode ,  FIFA ,  FIFA 17 ,  Finn Harps ,  Football ,  Games ,  Gaming ,  Hull City ,  Leeds United ,  Manager ,  Soccer ,  Sporting ,  Sports  on  December 24, 2016  by  Joe . 
 About Joe 
 Writer down of things, sometimes about video games. Follow me to hear about all sorts of stuff: https://twitter.com/Rigellian 
  View all posts by Joe ->  
 Post navigation 
 <- Hans De Noteboom: Footballer, Referee, Enigma   What Can We Expect From Andromeda? -> 
 4 thoughts on "Five FIFA Career Mode Challenges to Make the Game Less Boring" 
 
 
 Pingback:  FIFA 18: The Immersion Problem | I Can't Believe It's Not Blogger 
 
 
 Pingback:  Five FIFA Career Mode Challenges to Make the Game Less Boring - 2018 Edition - I Can't Believe It's Not Blogger 
 
 
 Jaime Begbie   May 9, 2017 at 5:10 pm 
 
 
 some great ideas here….. excellent post! 
 Like Liked by 1 person 
 Reply  ↓ 
 1. **[Joe](https://icantbelieveitsnotblogger.wordpress.com)** Post author[May 9, 2017 at 5:42 pm](https://icantbelieveitsnotblogger.wordpress.com/2016/12/24/five-fifa-career-mode-challenges-to-make-the-game-less-boring/#comment-69)
 
 Thank you for the feedback! Glad you enjoyed it 🙂 
 Like Like 
 Reply  ↓ 
 Leave a Reply to Joe  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (Address never made public) 
 Name 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 46 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Recent Posts 
 
 A Football Manager 2018 Story: The Hoff Part 1  April 24, 2018 
 Spelunky, Analysis You Can "Trust"!  March 20, 2018 
 Sunshine Blogger Award  February 20, 2018 
 Stardew Valley Is Good  February 19, 2018 
 Football Manager 2018: The Man Utd "Challenge" Part 8  February 2, 2018 
 Football Manager 2018: The Man Utd "Challenge" Part 7  January 26, 2018 
 Football Manager 2018: The Man Utd "Challenge" Part 6  January 19, 2018 
 Football Manager 2018: The Man Utd "Challenge" Part 5  January 12, 2018 
 Pokémon Gen 1 Challenges  January 5, 2018 
 FIFA 18: The Immersion Problem  December 29, 2017 
 
 Blogs I Follow 
 
 I ❤ Old Games! 
 You Are Not So Smart 
 AmbiGaming 
 The Washed-Up Gamer 
 horrorgasm.wordpress.com/ 
 Later Levels 
 Art as Games 
 From Eleven, One 
 I Can't Believe It's Not Blogger 
 Falcon Game Reviews 
 C. D. Kester 
 I Played The Game! 
 
 Follow Us 
 
  Twitter  
  Twitter  
 
 Website Built with WordPress.com . 
 I ❤ Old Games! 
 Probabilmente il miglior blog bilingue al mondo* 
 You Are Not So Smart 
 AmbiGaming 
 Understanding Virtual Worlds Through a Lens of Reality 
 The Washed-Up Gamer 
 A Washed-Up Athlete with a love for video games. Video Games, Football, and whatever else comes to mind! 
 horrorgasm.wordpress.com/ 
 Later Levels 
 XP comes with age 
 Art as Games 
 From Eleven, One 
 Football Manager Nonsense 
 I Can't Believe It's Not Blogger 
 Needs more butter 
 Falcon Game Reviews 
 Unprofessional Opinions on Games 
 C. D. Kester 
 Needs more butter 
 I Played The Game! 
 Video games past, present and future. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
