Skip to primary content 
 The Traveling Librarian 
 Anything and everything about how to become involved in libraries beyond your doorstep. 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 Book Resources 
 Int'l & Comp Lib Info 
 Sarah P. Gibson 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous   Next -> 
 Job: Assistant Librarian I 
 Posted on  October 26, 2017  by   sarahgprescott 
 10.25.17 –  Assistant Librarian I (Learning Services Manager) 
The Chinese University of Hong Kong 
 (Ref. 17000242) (Closing date:  November 19, 2017  ) 
 Learning Services at CUHK Library encompasses the digital/information literacy training and support services for undergraduates and other users at CUHK. It is also responsible for the Learning Garden, a highly innovative space which provides facilities to support informal learning activities as well specific services such as 3D printing. Proposals are underway for further enhancement and development of services in this area. 
 Applicants should have (i) a good university degree plus a recognized professional qualification in library and information science OR related disciplines; (ii) at least six years’ post-qualification relevant experience, three years of which are at supervisory level; (iii) sound knowledge and understanding of digital/information literacy approaches in a University setting; (iv) knowledge and experience in delivering programmes and services particularly for undergraduate users focused around digital/information literacy; (v) demonstrated ability to work collaboratively within the Library, with faculty members and university administrative departments; (vi) excellent written and oral communication skills; and (vii) proficiency in Chinese is desirable. 
 Reporting to the Head of Learning Support, the appointee will (a) design and implement a programme of events and workshops in both Learning Services and Learning Garden; (b) promote and enhance digital literacy training and activities in Learning Services; (c) manage and develop the operation and facilities of the Learning Services and Learning Garden, including staff supervision; (d) work closely with Branch Librarians, coordinating learning support activities across CUHK; and (e) undertake other assignments and projects. Evening and weekend shift work is required. 
 Appointment will initially be made on contract basis for two years, renewable subject to mutual agreement. 
 Application Procedure 
The University only accepts and considers applications submitted online for the post above. For more information and to apply online, please visit  http://career.cuhk.edu.hk . 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Twitter 
 Pinterest 
 Tumblr 
 Reddit 
 Email 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  International Jobs  and tagged  International Librarianship  by  sarahgprescott . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
