Skip to content 
 Search for: Search Close a search form 
 Close 
 
 Lingonberry Talent Acquisition 
 
 Home 
 Contact 
 Job openings 
 FAQ 
 
 Open a search form in a modal window Menu 
 Job openings 
 Find your dream job in Sweden 
 December 12, 2019December 13, 2019 by  Elena Zakharian 
   
 Are you a top-notch developer with a big passion for coding and evolving yourself within your profession? Are you looking for adventure? On behalf of our clients in Gothenburg, Lingonberry Talent Acquisition is looking for skilled coders who want to relocate to Sweden and be part of a world-class international team of developers. 
 Recruiting: Skilled Android Developer ready for relocation to Sweden 
 August 26, 2018August 26, 2018 by  Elena Zakharian 
   
 Are you an outstanding Android Developer with a big passion for coding and evolving yourself within your profession? Are you looking for adventure? On behalf of our client in Gothenburg, Lingonberry Talent Acquisition is looking for skilled coders who want to relocate to Sweden and be part of a world-class international team of developers. Our… 
 Continue reading Recruiting: Skilled Android Developer ready for relocation to Sweden 
 Python DevOps Engineer for Job in Sweden 
 August 26, 2018August 26, 2018 by  Elena Zakharian   Leave a comment 
   
 Do you have a big passion for test automation, CI/CD frameworks, deployment pipelines and/or configuration management? Are you looking for adventure? On behalf of our client in Gothenburg, Lingonberry Talent Acquisition is looking for talented Python developers with experience in test automation who want to relocate to Sweden and be part of a world-class international… 
 Continue reading Python DevOps Engineer for Job in Sweden 
 DevOps Engineer for job in Sweden 
 January 29, 2018August 26, 2018 by  Elena Zakharian   Leave a comment 
   
 Are you a skilled coder with a big passion for test automation, CI/CD frameworks, deployment pipelines and/or configuration management? Are you looking for adventure? On behalf of our client in Gothenburg, Lingonberry Talent Acquisition is looking for talented developers with experience in test automation who want to relocate to Sweden and be part of a… 
 Continue reading DevOps Engineer for job in Sweden 
 Software Developer Skilled in Qt for Job in Sweden 
 December 29, 2017August 26, 2018 by  Elena Zakharian   Leave a comment 
   
 Do you love to code and have highly developed skills within your field? Are you looking for a new experience living abroad? Lingonberry Talent Acquisition is looking for skilled coders with experience in the Qt framework who want to relocate to Sweden and be part of a world-class international team of developers. Our client develops… 
 Continue reading Software Developer Skilled in Qt for Job in Sweden 
 2021  Lingonberry Talent Acquisition 
 
 Home 
 Contact 
 Job openings 
 FAQ 
 
  Create a website or blog at WordPress.com  
 
 LinkedIn 
 
