
 Work at a Startup Startup Jobs Internships Upcoming Events How it Works 
 Log In › 
 MagicBus (W16) 
 We make vanpooling easy for everyone. In the process we help companies and employees take cars off the road, saving time that would otherwise be wasted behind the wheel. 
 Sales and Marketing Intern (part time in-school internship) 
 
 Location 
 / Remote 
 Job Type 
 Internship 
 Experience 
 About MagicBus 
 We make vanpooling easy for everyone. In the process we help companies and employees take cars off the road and save time that would otherwise be wasted behind the wheel. 
 About the role 
 About MagicBus, Inc. 
 MagicBus is on a mission to transform the way people commute. In the process, we are taking cars off the road and giving commuters their time back. We are a Series A funded startup backed by Y Combinator, Floodgate Capital, and other top investors, and we’re confident that we can scale. 
 As commuting volumes have reduced with COVID, we’re focusing on customer development, research, building our product, and initial sales and marketing. We have a strong conviction that commuting will return and our product can help people commute in a better way that is cost-effective, safe, and sustainable. 
 Job Overview 
 MagicBus is seeking a university student interested in a sales and marketing role at a technology start-up. The individual will work closely with the CEO and VP of Strategy & Operations on initiatives that are highly impactful and challenging. The individual is highly-motivated, diligent, emotionally intelligent, and has excellent customer-facing, communication, and project management skills. 
 This is a part-time, remote, and paid position, and we have openings immediately. Success in the role can lead to summer internships and full-time employment in a Chief of Staff role or other internal roles. If you’re interested, we are looking forward to hearing from you! 
 Expected # hours per week: 10-30 Start date and end dates are flexible, but we'd like you to commit for at least 4 months and ideally much longer. 
 Responsibilities and Duties 
 1) B2B & B2C Sales  - The individual will be responsible for the following activities with regular guidance from the VP of Strategy & Operations: 
 
 Conduct outreach to B2B customers (transit authorities, fleet owners, large employers) and B2C customers -- this includes prospecting on the web and making cold/warm calls or emails 
 Conduct initial interviews to understand customer pain points 
 Discuss how MagicBus can help and give product demos 
 Develop proposals for the interested customer, composed of modeling out unit economics model and determining profit sharing strategy 
 Onboard customers [THIS IS A KEY OBJECTIVE] 
 Turn information from the interviews into recommendations for product roadmap and strategy 
 Continuously analyze our process and approach for improvements 
 
 2) Marketing 
 
 Support efforts on LinkedIn, Facebook, and Google advertising, including developing the strategy, writing marketing messages, and analyzing conversion data 
 Support improvements to our website, including suggesting and writing new content 
 Manage MagicBus's social media accounts (LinkedIn, Facebook), including writing content regularly, attracting followers 
 
 Qualifications 
 The ideal candidate will be pursuing a bachelors degree from a top-tier university, a strong GPA, and previous internship/work experience, ideally at a startup or professional services company. In addition, the candidate is: 
 
 An excellent communicator 
 Skilled at persuasion and building relationships 
 A Google ninja, master at internet research 
 Organized, methodical, and can creatively+logically make something out of nothing 
 A self-starter who requires little direction but asks for help when needed 
 A hustler who drives to achieve a successful outcome 
 Highly interested in startups, technology, transportation, and sustainability 
 
 Benefits 
 In this role, you will 
 
 Learn a ton about how to talk to customers and understand their true needs, which is hypercritical for achieving product-market-fit for any company 
 Practice public speaking 
 Get a holistic view of what it's like to build a company from the ground up, from sales and marketing to technology development to operations 
 Build relationships with veterans of the transportation industry 
 Make significant impact for our company 
 
 Other things we provide: 
 
 A diverse and inclusive culture 
 Professional development and mentorship 
 
 Technology 
 We're working on problems related to geospatial route optimization, machine learning, and natural language processing in addition to mobile web and app development. 
 Other jobs at MagicBus 
 Sales & Partnerships Associate | Founding sales role | Impact, Ownership, Growth 
 fulltime 
 Remote / Remote 
 1+ years 
 Lead QA Engineeer 
 fulltime 
 Remote / Remote 
 Full Stack 
 3+ years 
 Sales and Marketing Intern (part time in-school internship) 
 intern 
 / Remote 
 Any 
 Hundreds of YC startups are hiring on Work at a Startup. 
 Sign up to see more › 
 
 Work at a Startup 
 Jobs Internships Events How it works Sign in 
 Y Combinator 
 About YC Press Privacy & Terms Contact 
 Jobs by Role 
 Software Engineer Jobs Design & UI/UX Jobs Product Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Marketing Jobs Support Jobs Operations Jobs 
 Jobs by Location 
 Software Engineer Jobs in San Francisco Product Manager Jobs in San Francisco Software Engineer Jobs in New York Product Manager Jobs in New York Software Engineer Jobs in Los Angeles Product Manager Jobs in Los Angeles 
 Remote Jobs 
 Remote Software Engineer Jobs Remote Design & UI/UX Jobs Remote Product Manager Jobs Remote Sales Jobs Remote Marketing Jobs Remote Support Jobs Remote Operations Jobs 
