Skip to content 
 Menu 
 
 Felipe 
 F.A.Q. 
 Art 
 Hacienda 
 Web roll 
 
 The Unseen Moon 
 Fact, Fiction and Opinion Stirred in an Odd Pot 
 Tag: joblessless 
 100-day plan 
 Posted on  October 22, 2016October 22, 2016  by  Felipe Zapata 
 TRUMP DELIVERED an excellent speech at Gettysburg today. It should be required listening for all voters, especially those who plan to vote for fringe candidates. 
 The Donald spells out specific actions he will take immediately on becoming president. They are good actions. 
 Sharing improves your attitude. 
 
 Print 
 Email 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Tagged  2016 presidential election ,  Barack Obama ,  border wall ,  charter schools ,  childcare ,  Common Core ,  corruption ,  Donald Trump ,  elder care ,  energy ,  FDA ,  Gettysburg address ,  Health insurance ,  health savings accounts ,  healthcare ,  Hillary Clinton ,  home schooling ,  illegal aliens ,  joblessless ,  Keystone Pipeline ,  Medicaid ,  Mexico ,  ObamaCare ,  open borders ,  sanctuary cities ,  school choice ,  tariffs ,  tax reform ,  unemployment ,  veterans ,  vocational training ,  vote rigging 37 Comments 
 Search for: 
 Emily Dickinson: 
 If I can stop one heart from breaking I shall not live in vain. 
 Octavio Paz: 
 A Mexican 's face is a mask and so is his smile. 
 Robert Stacy Mccain: 
 Once the party of the Working Man, Democrats have become the party of the Screaming Woman. 
 Join 820 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Get Mooned 
 Moonster tally: 
 
 701,052 passersby. 
 
 Bookmarks 
 
 The Pearls of Zapata 
 The Old Marbol 
 Dark Girl in the Blue Dress 
 Photos of Hacienda, etc. 
 Cine Zapatesque 
 Last Night of the Iguana 
 Newspaper Days 
 Cuba: A Socialist Hellhole 
 Felipe's Photo Art 
 Satellite Moon 
 The Downtown Casita 
 
 The Koran: 
 When you meet the unbelievers, smite at their necks. 
 Winston Churchill: 
 Socialism is a philosophy of failure, the creed of ignorance, and the gospel of envy. 
 Marine Le Pen: 
 There is no more Left or Right. There are only Globalists or Nationalists. 
 Piers Morgan 
 What 's the point of calling yourself a liberal if you don't allow anyone else to have a different view? 
 Margaret Thatcher: 
 The problem with socialism is that you eventually run out of other people 's money. 
 Thomas Sowell: 
 What is your fair share of what someone else has earned? 
 Leon Trotsky: 
 You may not like war, but war likes you. 
 Dennis Prager: 
 The usurpation of the word "liberal" by the left has been a catastrophe. 
 William Henry III: 
 It is scarcely the same thing to put a man on the moon as to put a bone in your nose. 
 H.L. Mencken: 
 Democracy is the theory that the common people know what they want, and deserve to get it good and hard. 
 Elbert Hubbard: 
 Life is just one damn thing after another. 
 Gov. Bobby Jindal: 
 Immigration without assimilation is invasion. 
 Adlai Stevenson: 
 If America stumbles the world falls. 
 Charles Murray: 
 Abstaining from casual obscenity gives you the aura of an adult. 
 Website Built with WordPress.com . 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
