
 Menu 
 
 HOME 
 WORK FROM HOME 
 
 __200+ Best Work From Home Jobs 
 __Virtual Assistant Jobs 
 __Proofreading Jobs 
 __Transcription Jobs 
 __Stay at Home Mom Jobs 
 __Online Tutoring Jobs 
 __Delivery Driver App Jobs 
 __Search Engine Evaluator Jobs 
 
 
 MAKE MONEY 
 
 __Make Money From Home 
 __Make Money Online With PayPal 
 __Proven Passive Income Ideas 
 __Make Extra Money From Home 
 
 
 EXTRA CASH 
 
 __Money Making Apps 
 __How To Make Money Doing Surveys 
 __USA Paid Online Surveys 
 __UK Paid Online Surveys 
 
 
 BLOG 
 
 17 Online Editing Jobs That Pay Well and Are Flexible 
 Work From Home Jobs  May 6, 2020 
 This post may contain affiliate links. Please read our affiliate disclosure  to learn more. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 554shares 
 Where should you look to find online editing jobs? We have the best options for you here. 
 Do you notice mistakes every time you read an article? Do you make off-head corrections of errors every time you read? If yes, you can make money doing these online editing jobs. 
 Are you wondering how you will get started as an online editor? Would you love to know what it takes to excel as an editor? And most importantly, are you looking for sites that offer online editing jobs from home? If yes, you will be grateful that you stopped here. 
 Before we get into the most loved companies that hire editors, let’s look at what it takes to get started as an online editor. 
 How do I become an online editor? 
 To succeed with freelance editing jobs, you must have a good command of the English language. You need to be able to spot minor mistakes, which other people fail to detect. 
 If you love reading or spend a lot of time reading, you will find this easy. Your ability to work as an editor will come naturally due to your love for the language, your experience, and your education. Books will also help make you a better editor. 
 There are a lot of companies that hire editors to work on articles, business documents, and academic papers. But before you get employed by the most reputable companies or sites, you will have to prove you have the needed skills. 
 You may need to pass a test that proves your ability to: 
 
 Untangle ambiguous and complicated statements with ease 
 Spot and correct very minor grammatical mistakes 
 Express ideas and thoughts in fewer and simpler terms 
 Use punctuation signs correctly. 
 Correct errors, without losing the client’s intended meaning 
 
 If you have the required skills, consider venturing into online editing. This way, you will earn some decent money doing what you love best, and help people perfect their writing. You will make money from the comfort of your house, and have a flexible work schedule. 
 Free Proofreading Workshop 
 Enroll in Caitlin Pyle's  FREE proofreading workshop  to learn the skills you need to start your freelance proofreading career. Caitlin is a veteran proofreader who earns over $45, 000 per year online. 
 Okay, let's look at companies that offer freelance editing jobs. 
 Online editing jobs from home for teachers, college students and anyone else 
 Related:  17+ Websites To Find Online Proofreading Jobs From Home 
 1. Wordvice 
 Wordvice  hires internationally. Editors on this platform mostly work on research articles, admission essays, dissertations, and theses.  ** ** 
 They let you schedule your availability and how much work you can handle. You will also love that most of their deadlines range from 9 hours to one week. 
 Wordvice allocates orders depending on your experience and background. You will never e be assigned something you cannot handle. Besides, with their allocation criteria, you will forget about having to bid for work. 
 They have a consistent flow of work. You will never go long without something to work on. 
 The feedback you receive from this platform will help you build your skills, and improve on your weaknesses. 
 They pay per word in a document. 
 To get started, submit your resume and application. After your resume is reviewed, you will have to sit an editing test. You will receive the results of the test and the way forward on your email. 
 2. Cactus Communications 
 Cactus Communications  is an accommodative company that hires from all nations. If you have a background in editing and medical communications, Cactus Communications is the company you are looking for. 
 Cactus Communications has openings for both full-time and part-time job opportunities. You will have the privilege to choose what works best for you. 
 They are always looking for ways they can accommodate their employees. If you are living with a disability, you will surely love it here. 
 You will love the compensation at Cactus Communications. You can make $4000 monthly from their editing gigs. If your work is exemplary, you will take home an additional 20% extra money. 
 3. Scribendi 
 Scribendi  has been in the editing world since 1997. This Canada-based company hires editors skilled in scientific, medical, ESL, and business communication editing. You will need the following before getting hired: 
 
 A university degree 
 At least three years’ experience in editing 
 An editing speed of 1000-1500 words per hour 
 English native speaker 
 
 They pay via PayPal. On average, gigs pay $10-$27 per hour. 
 Scribendi lets you set your work schedule. You will work remotely, and whenever you consider fit. They are ideal for your dream work-life balance. 
 The scribendi.ai is suitable for helping you edit clients’ work. You will have a friendlier time editing with Scribendi. 
 You will love the employee benefits that come with Scribendi. You will enjoy dental, wellness, and medical allowances as a Scribendi employee. 
 4. Editor World 
 Editor World  hires freelance editors as independent contractors. You must be a native English speaker and a degree holder to get accepted into Editor’s World. If you have experience in editing, the better for you. 
 You will love that their editing test is pretty short and straightforward. With the right requirements and skills, getting approved on Editor World is pretty straightforward. 
 You will completely forget about bidding for jobs. The jobs will be assigned to you, depending on your experience and expertise. 
 The pay ranges from $4.50-$9 per page. 
 5. Gramlee 
 If you are keen on grammar, this is the site for you. If you are not grammar geek, landing jobs on  Gramlee  can be a little tricky. 
 The work consistency on this site is just amazing. You will have something to work on 24/7. You, however, must be good at beating deadlines. A 3000-word document has an average turnaround time of 2 hours. 
 Online editing jobs for teachers 
 6. EditFast 
 EditFast  is another top site that connects freelance editors to clients. To get started with them, you will need to pass a test, after which your profile will be activated. You will receive notifications whenever new projects are uploaded. 
 They pay via PayPal on the last day of the month. 
 Their only downside is that they pocket 40% of your earnings. This is much on the higher side. 
 7. Scribbr 
 Scribbr  is an excellent Netherlands-based company with editing opportunities in different languages. If you are fluent in English, Italian, Spanish, Dutch, Finnish, Norwegian, and French, you can land editing gigs on this platform. 
 Most of their editing jobs are dissertations and generation of APA writing style. Your work will be to help students edit their work before publication and submission. 
 Scribbr is a site that will help you grow your editing skills. You will always receive feedback that will point out areas you should strengthen and improve on. The bi-weekly newsletter from them will help you become a top-notch editor. 
 To get started, you will need to pass their language quiz, after which your CV, resume, and application will be reviewed. You will then be added to the Scribbr Academy, where you will need to pass 2-5 simulated editing tests. From the Scribbr Academy, you will be qualified to start taking up jobs. 
 8. Writer’s Relief 
 If you are not affiliated with academic work, consider signing up on  Writer’s Relief . Most of the editing jobs here involve short articles, reports, short stories, poems, novels, and essays. 
 Writer’s Relief only approves 2% of the people who apply here. You must be stellar in your editing to get accepted. 
 Writer’s Relief has competitive rates. Getting approved can be a task, but I guarantee you, the compensation will be worth it. 
 They have work all year round. You will always have something to work on. 
 9. English Trackers 
 English Trackers  hires professional academic editors. You may have to be a Ph.D. holder, or with at least two years’ experience to get accepted on this platform. If you are a college student, you may love it here too. You, however, must be a native English speaker to get approved. 
 They pay on the 15th of every month via PayPal. 
 They have a responsive support team. You will receive prompt responses whenever you have queries. 
 10. Proofredingervices.com 
 Proofreadingservices.com  has both full-time and part-time job opportunities. You get to choose what works best for you. 
 You must pass 20-minutes screening to get accepted. 
 The payment rates here are favorable. 
 You will love that you get to set your work hours. The flexibility at proofreadingservices.com is just incredible. 
 Freelance editing jobs to boost your income 
 11. ProofreadingPal 
 ProofreadingPal  has a model where two editors work on a single paper. This model is thorough and strict. You need to be so good at your work. 
 To get started, you will have to answer a contractor questionnaire on their website. You will get a response within 5-10 business days. 
 Employees on ProofreadingPal should expect to earn anything between $500 and $3000 per month. This is a competitive rate compared to a lot of other editing jobs. 
 12. Enago 
 Enago  provides editing services to ESL authors. They have been in the editing industry since 2005, and have more than 850 editors. They hire editors with at least 5-years’ experience in either editing or academic writing. You need to be familiar with academic writing styles such as APA, CMS, AMA, and CSE to get approved. 
 Most of their gigs are in the science, physic, engineering, and chemistry fields. 
 Enago has a lot of work in different areas. You will love that you will edit manuscripts in your area of expertise. You will also have a consistent flow of work. 
 To apply, you will need to upload your CV and cover letter on their website. Their human resource team will review your application and send you a test. The test will test your editing prowess and expertise in your field. 
 13. Cambridge Proofreading 
 Cambridge Proofreading  hires proofreaders from all over the world. Here, most of the jobs are academic papers. They mostly have gigs in medical sciences, business and economics, engineering and physical sciences, social sciences, and life sciences. If you are affiliated with any of these fields, you will have a smoother working experience here. 
 You need to have bachelor’s degrees. Masters and a Ph.D. would give you an added advantage during the application process. 
 Cambridge proofreading lets you work from wherever in the world. You will also get to set your work schedule. 
 Cambridge Proofreading gives you work in your field of expertise only. You will have an easier time working on papers you are familiar with. 
 You will continuously receive feedback that will help you improve your editing skills. 
 Make an Extra $700/Month From Home 
 
 Swagbucks  will pay you $10 just for joining. Get paid more money for sharing your opinions, playing games, watching videos and searching the web.  Click here to join Swagbucks   (Australia, Canada, Ireland & USA residents) 
   Survey Junkie  - Get paid for answering surveys. Join focus groups to earn even more. Up to $75 per completed survey.  Click here to join Survey Junkie   (USA, Canada & Australia residents) 
   InboxDollars  - Get paid to take surveys online, read emails, play games, and go shopping. New users receive $5 dollars just for joining.  Click here to join InboxDollars   (USA residents) 
   MyPoints  - Get PayPal cash for taking polls, answering surveys and much more. You get a $10 welcome bonus!  Click here to join MyPoints   (USA & Canada residents) 
 
 More online editing jobs 
 14. WordsRU 
 WordsRu  hires experienced editors to work on manuscripts and academic papers. If you would love to edit academic papers, you mush have a Ph.D. or a master’s degree or equivalent professional experience in a relevant academic field. They are also keen on academic formatting styles. 
 They continuously have vacancies for academic editors, business editors and science editors. 
 WordsRU hires editors to work as independent contractors. Payment is discussed individually with approved candidates. 
 WordsRU lets you work whenever you wish. If you are looking for a part-time job, this is the platform for you. They have openings for people who want to work on weekends only. 
 15. Kirkus Media 
 Kirkus Media  has proofreading positions in both English and Spanish. They also have book reviewing gigs. Your main task here will be to help authors get published. You will proofread texts before they are published. 
 If you are a lover of books, you will love it here. You may get to critic books, and also editing gigs. 
 Kirkus Media gives you the freedom to work from home. You also work whenever you want. This is ideal if you are looking for part-time jobs. 
 16. Edit911 
 Edit911  hires Ph.D. holders in English or other disciplines that are writing intensive. Your work will be to polish papers and manuscripts from different fields. 
 You also must have familiarity with academic writing styles such as APA and MLA. 
 To apply, sign up on their page, and you will be direct where to send your resume. You will receive a response within 48 hours. 
 17. Grammar Chic 
 Grammar Chic  hires editors for CVs, resumes, articles, academic papers, and manuscripts. Other than editing, you can also land freelance writing gigs here. 
 Grammar Chic posts on FlexJobs whenever they have job vacancies. Regularly check on FlexJobs for their openings. 
 Which of these online editing jobs will you take on? 
 Online editing jobs are lucrative to do from the comfort of your house. If you are an experienced editor or have what it takes to work as one, you are happy that the companies above are looking for you. 
 Select the sites that suit you best, get through the approval process, and get started with these freelance editing jobs. With the right choice and the required effort, you will be grateful that you got into online editing. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 554shares 
   
 Tags: freelance editing jobs ,  online editing jobs 
 Related Posts 
   
 30 Legit Stay at Home Mom Jobs That Pay Well 
 When Rachel's daughter turned two, she realized that … 
   
 200+ Best Work From Home Jobs: Top Companies With Remote Jobs 
 Looking for the best work from home jobs? … 
   
 20+ Freelance Writing Jobs Online For Beginners With No Experience 
 Before Rachel became a freelance writer, she worked … 
   
 15 EASY Online Jobs That Pay Through PayPal (FAST!) 
 In this article, you're going to discover some … 
   
 15 Online Jobs for Housewives Sitting at Home 
 Are you a housewife or homemaker looking to … 
   
 What is Proofreading, And How Do I Become a Successful Proofreader? 
 Wondering, "what is proofreading?" If you've just come … 
 One Response 
 
 Cleidy 
 
 Great compilation. I appreciate you doing the job- searching for me. 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel Reply 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 
 __ 
   
 POPULAR POSTS 
 
   
 
 200+ Best Work From Home Jobs: Top Companies With Remote Jobs 
 
   
 
 25 Real Ways to Make Money From Home & Create A Life You Love 
 
   
 
 10 Best Paid Survey Sites For USA Residents 
 
   
 
 30 Best Online Transcription Jobs From Home 
 
   
 
 7+ Easy Ways To Make Extra Money Working From Home 
 __ __ __ __ 
 Hi and welcome to WorkAtHomeSmart.com! I'm Norbert Juma, passionate about the web & financial freedom. I started this site to be a resource for people looking to work from home and make money online. 
 RECENT POSTS 
 
 
 2020 Work-From-Home Black Friday Offers & Discounts (Big Savings!) 
 
 
 19 Genuine Online Data Entry Jobs Without Investment 
 
 
 Get Paid For Shopping With These Cashback Apps 
 
 
 15 PayPal Games for Money: Earn Money Playing Games Online 
 
 
 20+ Online Typing Jobs With Free Registration 
 
 
 AFFILIATE DISCLOSURE 
 Some of the links on our site are affiliate links, meaning that if you click on one of the links and purchase an item, we may receive a commission. All opinions, however, are our own and we do not accept payments for positive reviews. 
 VISIT US ON SOCIAL MEDIA 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
 Earnings Disclosure 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 WorkAtHomeSmart.com  Copyright (C) 2020. 
 Built with  Magnus 
