Skip to content 
 straightforward 
 
 LinkedIn 
 Twitter 
 Instagram 
 
 Yes, I am straightforward but with a handful of empathy. I share insights, reflections and hands-on experience. I write about skills, design thinking and random stuff I care about from a designer's perspective. Writing helps me to confront myself with certain topics and create an opinion. It develops my own understanding, clears my mind, organises my thoughts and it is a lot of fun. 
 Menu 
 
 All Articles 
 Behind The Scenes 
 On My Book Shelf 
 Design Portfolio 
 
 Treat your career path as a start-up and learn on the way 
 stephibatliner January 15, 2017April 29, 2017 Career ,  Future 
 Post navigation 
 Previous 
 Next 
 Estimated reading time: 2 minutes 25 seconds 
 What do you want to be when you grow up? Everyone has heard this question a million times. The answer to this question was some standard answer which was accepted by society. But these answers were very limited and would probably not cover everyone's interest. When you wanted to become something that was not that common you would have to answer a lot of other questions like: Are there enough jobs out there? Can you make a living out of it? 
 This happened to me when I decided to change my career path and become a designer. It can be hard to convince other people and to explain them why, if they doubt your choice. It took me quite some time to realise that I don't have to argue about what I want to become or what I want to do. It is only relevant that I know WHY. There is always fear when we experience something different. Our brain processes pattern much faster, which makes changed circumstances more difficult to handle. This is probably the spot where we allow doubt to kick in. 
 Nowadays, we are fortunate enough to choose and to be creative about our career path. It is more usual to change jobs and career paths. Your future job might not even exist yet. How about using the start-up approach to create your future job? The key is to create your own job opportunities and be comfortable with an unconventional career journey. Think about your part and your piece of the puzzle in a professional environment. It might fit in right away or you might need you make some space for it and let the other puzzle pieces around you adapt to it. This is basically the start-up approach and exactly what I'm going to do. Something that you think is necessary for this world but does not exist yet. So you are going to build and offer it. It works the same with your future job. I will come up with an idea, prototype a job description, talk to people, receive feedback and adapt it until it works out. I focus on my passion and interests and will find the perfect niche in the market. As a designer even looking for jobs beyond the creative industry can be a possibility to have an impact. This means being open for the little opportunities in life and start creating opportunities yourself. 
 The combination of all our jobs and our understanding creates a unique skill set. By the way, we are the only ones who have exactly this kind of skill set. It is unique! Define your own version of success, design your own story and go for an unconventional career path. Our course leader  Janja Song  explained that our CV doesn't have to be a straight line there is always room for a change of direction. I cannot agree more with that. 
 Reference list: 
 The header image shows the work "You are no the leading actor" from Xu Yiyuan exhibited at Kingston University, Knights Park Campus. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Email 
 LinkedIn 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Career ,  Future ,  Job ,  lessons learned ,  opportunities ,  startup ,  unconventional 
 Post navigation 
 Previous If you don't have the courage to ask you will never get an answer 
 Next Let's have a 30-second dance party  
 Published by stephibatliner 
  View all posts by stephibatliner  
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Stay informed 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Let's keep in touch 
 
  LinkedIn  
  Twitter  
  Instagram  
 
 Start a Blog at WordPress.com . 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
