Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Proposal Writer 
 Precision Writing Ltd. 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 We are looking for a proposal writer to join our team on a freelance basis. Hours are flexible and you set your own schedule. Work is entirely remote with the occasional coffee meeting if you're located in Victoria. Experience with Adobe InDesign is preferred. Mastery of Microsoft Office is a must. 
 Our team is small but energetic and is growing quickly so this opportunity could evolve into more hours and greater responsibility. We love what we do and we want you to as well. So let's find your greatest strengths and interests and run with them. 
 Responsibilities will include: 
 
 reading RFPs 
 research 
 proposal writing (in Word and Adobe InDesign) 
 template creation (print and web) 
 graphic design (depending on skillset) 
 
 Qualifications & Experience 
 
 minimum 2 years' experience in similar role 
 Technical Communication certificate (or equivalent) is preferred 
 Graphic design experience is an asset 
 
 Skills 
 
 writing (extra points for creativity!) 
 design and layout 
 time management and organization (proposal deadlines are firm so this is a must) 
 communication with remote teams 
 
 If you're interested in joining our team we'd love to hear from you. Please send a cover letter and resume attn: Alexandra Harrison. Feel free to check us out at precisionwriting.ca 
 Part-time hours: 15-20 per week 
 Job Types: Part-time, Freelance 
 Salary: $25.00 per hour 
 Experience: 
 
 Proposal Writing: 1 year (Preferred) 
 Graphic Design: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 Yes, always 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
