Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Class A CDL - Over-the-Road (OTR) Truck Driver 
 Schneider 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Over-the-Road Van Truckload drivers based in Canada earn up to $0.48 per mile* starting pay and choose from a variety of home time options in this CDL driving job. OTR truckers haul 99% no-touch freight mostly drop-and-hook averaging 2500 miles per week traveling through Canada and into the United States. If you want to hit the open road and rack up miles there’s no better way than jumping behind the wheel as an Over-the-Road driver for Schneider. Start your trucking career in Schneider’s Van Truckload division today! 
 Eligible CDL Truck Driver Applicants:  Experienced Class AZ license holders 
 Canadian Over-the-Road Truck Driver Pay 
 Up to $75000 CAD per year* 
Performance pay up to $0.04 per mile more paid out weekly 
Up to $0.02 per mile annual pay increase 
Potential accessorial pay for detention layover hand load/unload 
 
 Based on CDL driver experience performance and location 
 
 Canadian Over-the-Road Truck Driver Benefits 
 Medical dental and vision insurance plus flexible spending options 
RRSP with company match ($0.50 per dollar up to 6%) 
Paid orientation and time off 
Up to $7500 tuition reimbursement (paid at ~$200/month based on exchange rate) for qualified drivers 
100% reimbursement for FAST card 
Many more — see full list of benefits 
 Canadian Over-the-Road Truck Driver Qualifications 
 Valid Class AZ license in the Province resided in 
Minimum 3 months of Class AZ driving experience 
If U.S. or Canadian citizen passport or Enhanced Driver’s License required 
If not a U.S. or Canadian citizen passport required at time of hire (B1/B2 visa may also be required) 
FAST card preferred at time of hire 
 More Reasons to Choose Canadian Over-the-Road Driving at Schneider 
 Adventure — enjoy variety every day with different freight customers and locations 
Expedited border crossing program and expertise 
Mobile apps to increase driver productivity locate equipment expedite access and more 
Facility locations in the U.S. and Canada are your home away from home 
Learn more about Over-the-Road driving 
 Why Schneider? 
 Other companies can claim similar core values to Schneider but Schneider puts them into practice every day. It’s why drivers have chosen Schneider since 1935 and why we’ve been established as a leader in Canada since 1990. See for yourself today. 
 “I find the people here to be great. They’re helpful respectful and great to talk to. It’s a very caring environment.” 
Satinder Schneider driver in Canada 
 Join one of the top trucking companies. Call 800-856-9707 for more information about becoming a Canadian Over-the-Road truck driver with Schneider! 
 Job Company Driver 
Schedule Full-time 
Sign On Bonus 
 PI126556124 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
