Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Sales Associate 
 Odessa Home Hardware 
 __Odessa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 SALES ASSOCIATE 
 PART-TIME 
 HOURS: 20 to 28 per week 
 JOB DESCRIPTION: 
 The Sales Associate is responsible for providing prompt, courteous and efficient service to customers. Advise customers on appropriate merchandise and related items; processing transactions (cash, credit card, debit card) using retail software; ticketing and replenishing merchandise, cycle counting; general housekeeping of shelves, loss prevention, merchandising, restocking and staying current with trends in the industry. 
DUTIES / RESPONSIBILITIES: 
ú Assist customers in locating merchandising in store, on homehardware.com, as well as processing special 
 ú Ensure customers are greeted within 30 seconds of entering the store or your department. 
 ú Determine customer’s needs by asking open-ended questions. 
 ú Communicate product knowledge to the customer as appropriate. 
 ú Assist customers in locating and comparing merchandise. 
 ú Assist customers with finding all items needed to complete their project. 
 ú Process special orders for non-stock or out of stock items. 
 ú Record repeat customer requests for product and follow-up when product arrives at the store. 
 ú Assist customers with carrying out of large or heavy items. 
 ú Relieve as cashier when necessary. 
 ú Follow procedures and maintain standards according to store policy in the following areas: loss prevention, receiving and pricing goods, merchandise handling and presentation, housekeeping, reordering merchandise, restocking shelves and handling cash. 
 ú Advise the designated manager of shortages, damaged goods, back-orders etc. 
 ú Change prices on merchandise, bins, displays, etc. as necessary. 
 ú Build special displays and signage for sales, promotions and other special events. 
 ú Remove sales and promotional displays, prices etc. and rearrange stock following promotional events. 
 ú Always take appropriate safety precautions when cutting pipe, glass, wire mesh, making keys etc., and make an effort to minimize waste. 
 ú Help unload incoming trucks. 
 ú Check incoming merchandise against invoices to spot shortages, damaged goods, back-orders, etc. 
 ú Keep stock in storage area neat, clean, and orderly. 
 ú Participate in regular cycle counting, and assist in taking annual inventory counts. 
 ú Reorder merchandise according to stores buying procedures. 
 ú Attend store meetings, training sessions, etc. as required. 
 ú Work on special projects as assigned by department manager. 
 ú Work on additional duties and assignments as assigned by management. 
 ú Work in a safe manner in accordance to provincial and federal safety legislation, as well as use of good common sense. Report any potential hazards and unsafe behavior to management in order to have the situation corrected. 
 QUALIFICATIONS: 
ú Ability to work a flexible schedule including weekends 
 ú Friendly and helpful attitude toward customers. 
 ú Excellent communication skills. 
 ú High School graduation or equivalent. 
 ú Willingness to learn. 
 ú Good mathematical skills. 
 ú Prior retail experience beneficial. 
 ú Creative abilities for making attractive in-store displays. 
 ú Willingness to continually develop professional skills and knowledge base. 
 ú Ability to work co-operatively in a team atmosphere. 
WORKING RELATIONSHIPS: 
ú Reports directly to the Department Manager, or Store Manager. 
 INTERESTED APPLICANTS, PLEASE SUBMIT YOUR RESUME TO: 
 Name of contact 
 David Savage 
 Odessa Home Hardware 
 135 Main St. Odessa, On K0H 2H0 
 Deadline: 30/11/2020 
 Part-time hours: 20 - 28 per week 
 Application deadline: 2020-11-30 
 Job Types: Part-time, Permanent 
 Salary: From $15.00 per hour 
 Benefits: 
 
 Store discount 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 Monday to Friday 
 Weekends 
 
 COVID-19 considerations: 
To keep our employees and customer's safe, we have installed glass barrier at font cash, and have hand sanitizer, as well as other PPE. 
 Experience: 
 
 sales: 1 year (Preferred) 
 customer service: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 G (Preferred) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
