Loading.... 
 LOGIN     SIGN UP 
 
 
 Hire Experts 
 Find Work 
 How it Works 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 
 
 SIGN UP! 
 Before you proceed to sign up, 
Please select one of the following! 
 I want to Hire 
 
 --OR-- 
 I want to Work as an 
 
 
 
 Home 
 » 
 Freelance Jobs 
 » 
 Microsoft Word 
 
 Project Results 
 By Job Category 
 
 All  (534) 
 IT & Programming  (203) 
 Graphic Design & Multimedia  (65) 
 Writing, Content & Translation  (131) 
 Data Entry & Admin  (40) 
 Sales & Marketing  (42) 
 Customer Service  (8) 
 Finance & Accounting  (17) 
 Others  (28) 
 
 By Budget (INR) 
 
 All  (534) 
 Less than 5000 Rs.   (161) 
 Between 5,000 - 20,000 Rs.   (139) 
 Between 20,000 - 50,000 Rs.   (59) 
 Between 50,000 - 100,000 Rs.   (32) 
 Greater than 100,000 Rs.   (34) 
 Not Sure  (109) 
 
 By Project Type 
 
 All  (534) 
 Featured  (32) 
 Full Time  (4) 
 
 By Time Left 
 
 Any 
 Less than 24 hours left 
 Less than 3 days left 
 Less than 7 days left 
 
 By Posted Date 
 
 Any 
 Posted within 24 hours 
 Posted within 3 days 
 Posted within 7days 
 Posted within 14 days 
 Posted within 30 days 
 
 By Status 
 
 Any 
 Hiring Open 
 
 Search Job 
 Microsoft Word Jobs 
 ( showing 1 - 5 of 5 results ) 
 Microsoft Word 
 Clear 
 Get Project Updates 
 PAGE 1 OF 1 
 SORT BY Sort by Job Name Budget(High) Budget(Low) Time Left(High) Time Left(Low) 
 Document alignment 
 FIXED PRICE : Not Sure  Reports  Posted: 19th Jan 2021 Ends: 05th Mar 2021  6 Proposals 
 We must implement a lot of SOP's / Protocols for which a lot of documents would be created / used from our repository to suit the needs of the project. The documents will be created by different department like SCM... 
 We must implement a lot of SOP's / Protocols for which a lot of documents would be created / used from our repository to suit the needs of the project. The documents will be created by different department like SCM, Nursing, General Operations, HR, Hospital Engineering Services and Biomedical Team etc. Proofreading and corrections have been done to meet the international language standards. This project would be for the next 2 months minimum and further extended basis the deliverables that span out from the project. The task is to align all the documents with reference to the guidelines and SOP format which will be shared. The document has already been vetted, alignment also to an extend has been done. We would want you to review the documents /files that will come in the form of Word Document/ Excel File / Project Report etc to be fine tune and aligned. Do let me know if this excites you and if you would be willing for this assignment. We would prefer to have someone who would be able to churn the documents in a quick turnaround time. Please share your profile and the work engagement model how we could take this forward. 
 Skills:  Medical Writing ,  English ,  Editing ,  Academic Writing ,  Microsoft Word 
 Client:  sid.maths 
 Female Voice Artist 
 FIXED PRICE : 20,000 - 50,000 Rs.   Translation  Posted: 12th Jan 2021 Ends: 26th Feb 2021  23 Proposals 
 Hi, Looking for female voice artists for English and Hindi. Thanks. 
 Hi, Looking for female voice artists for English and Hindi. Thanks. 
 Skills:  Article Writing ,  Content Writing ,  eBooks ,  English ,  Microsoft Word 
 Client:  ranjeetam  ,  India 
 Content Writer 
 FIXED PRICE : Not Sure  Blog Writing  Posted: 04th Jan 2021 Ends: 18th Feb 2021  30 Proposals 
 Content Writer Job Description: 1. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. 2. Experience in content writing and copywriting/ creative writing. 3. English Honor's graduation is preferable. 4. S... 
 Content Writer Job Description: 1. Excellent written and verbal communication skills. 2. Experience in content writing and copywriting/ creative writing. 3. English Honor's graduation is preferable. 4. Should be able to ideate, research, and come up with the monthly content calendar. 5. Should be able to think and present content from a consumer perspective that helps in increasing CTR and increase in time spent on the website. 6. Should have at least 2 years of core content/ copywriting experience. 7. Should be able to work as per the deadlines and think on the feet. If you want to see a blog sample in it, you can visit our website https://www.kitchengirl.in/ 
 Skills:  Blogs ,  Content Writing ,  English ,  Microsoft Word 
 Client:  ankitthakur25  ,  India 
 Transcription and Translation 
 FIXED PRICE : Less than 5000 Rs.   Article Writing  Posted: 11th Dec 2020 Ends: 2 days   22 Proposals 
 
 
 Transcription of Kannada and Hindi required. - Listening to the audio clip and transcribing to a word file in the same language using baraha or nudi softwares * Translation from English to Kannada and Hindi on Word D... 
 
 
 Transcription of Kannada and Hindi required. - Listening to the audio clip and transcribing to a word file in the same language using baraha or nudi softwares * Translation from English to Kannada and Hindi on Word Doc 
 
 
 Skills:  Microsoft Word 
 Client:  snehasriharsha 
 Translation 
 FIXED PRICE : Not Sure  Translation  Posted: 10th Dec 2020 Ends: 21 hours   23 Proposals 
 Looking for a freelancer who can transcribe Bengali, Odia, Hindi, Assamese language to English language. Interested pls mail the details to (removed) 
 Looking for a freelancer who can transcribe Bengali, Odia, Hindi, Assamese language to English language. Interested pls mail the details to (removed) 
 Skills:  Microsoft Word 
 Client:  yogeshwar.sutar 
 Next 
 NAVIGATE 
 How it Works 
 Fees & Pricing 
Register 
 Blog 
 Help 
 Contact Us 
 FIND FREELANCERS BY EXPERTISE 
 
 
 
 Developers & Programmers 
 
 PHP Developers 
 
 
 
 
  Graphic Designers 
 
 Photoshop Experts 
 
 
 Article Writers 
 
 Creative Writing 
 
 
 Data Entry & Admin 
 
 MS Excel Consultants 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 Internet Marketing 
 
 
 Accountants & Legal 
 
 Finance Consultant 
 
 
 
 FIND FREELANCERS BY LOCATION 
 
 
 
 Freelancers In India 
 
 Freelancers In New Delhi 
 
 
 
 
 Freelancers in Noida 
 
 Freelancers in Hyderabad 
 
 
 Freelancers in Mumbai 
 
 Freelancers in Jaipur 
 
 
  Freelancers in Kolkata 
 
  Freelancers in Bhopal 
 
 
 Freelancers in Bangalore 
 
 Freelancers in Punjab 
 
 
 Freelancers In Ahmedabad 
 
 Freelancers In Chennai 
 
 
 
 LOOKING FOR FREELANCING JOBS? 
 
 
 
 Fresher Jobs 
 Part Time Jobs 
 IT Jobs 
 Work from Home Jobs 
 Online Jobs 
 
 
 
 
 Web Design Jobs 
 Technical Writing Jobs 
 Freelance Writing Jobs 
 Accounting Jobs 
 Legal Jobs 
 
 
 Mobile Development Jobs 
 Data Entry Jobs 
 Game Development Jobs 
 Photography Jobs 
 Medical Writing Jobs 
 
 
 AutoCAD and 3D Jobs 
 HR Jobs 
 SEO & Marketing Jobs 
 Corporate Trainer Jobs 
 Web Development Jobs 
 
 
 
       
 Copyright (C) 2012-2020   WorknHire Technologies Pvt. Ltd. . All Rights Reserved. 
 To Top 
