Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 No Patience for Patients? Here are the Medical Jobs for You 
 Allen Carlwood    13th October    Career   Leave a Comment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=No%20Patience%20for%20Patients%3F%20Here%20are%20the%20Medical%20Jobs%20for%20You%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fyour-job%2Fno-patience-for-patients-here-are-the-medical-jobs-for-you%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 The medical field is one of the most sought after career paths in the world. If you think about the job most associated with helping other people, a physician will likely be the first thing that comes to mind. Becoming a doctor is one of the noblest things a person can do with their lives. 
 It is also one of the better-paying jobs you can do regardless of where in the world you happen to live. While it is true that some lineman whose name you don’t know, on a losing NFL team, with a mediocre career likely makes more than the average doctor, that player’s career will be short and brutish. And at the end of it, he will need to spend what money he has saved on seeing a good doctor. 
 Not only is being a doctor a noble job and one of the highest paying jobs, it is also one of the most respected jobs. There is much esteem associated with saving lives. That said, there are many people who would love to contribute to that cause, but who have an aversion to close contact with, well, people. The good news is that there are many ways to contribute to the healing arts without becoming a doctor. Here are 5. 
 1. Pharmacist 
 You probably felt like a pharmacist the first time you used one of those online  pill identifier  tools to help a loved one figure out what those pills were. You know, the ones in the bottle with the worn out label. It is the feeling you get when you help someone sort out a medical issue without the 12 years of school. 
 That feeling might lead you to pursue formal  pharmacy career training . The average annual salary for a pharmacist is over $112,000. 
 2. Lab Technician 
 A lab technician can expect to make $37,000 on average. But that can go up to $60,000 annually depending on a number of factors. The medical industry runs on labs. A doctor cannot make an informed decision about anything before taking a swab and sending it to the lab for analysis. If you happen to be the one providing that analysis, you will have a huge impact on every aspect of a person’s healthcare. 
 3. Hospital Administration 
 A well-run hospital saves more lives than a poorly run hospital. We tend to see hospitals as utilities. But hospitals are also businesses. They have to be profitable, well-staffed, well-equipped, and extremely well-financed. Hospital administrator is one of the many jobs you can do that does not require direct patient contact. 
 A hospital administrator can expect to make around $237,000. Other  hospital executives tend to earn much more than top-paid surgeons . Hospitals can’t save lives if they go bankrupt and close their doors. So if you are thinking of going into business, why not the business of saving lives? 
 4. Medical Transcriptionist 
 You know all those recordings doctors make full of incomprehensible terms, someone has to comprehend them, and write them down in a usable form. That is primarily the job of a medical transcriptionist. Depending on the program it should take no longer than two years, and could take as little as 6 months to complete training. A High-school diploma or GED is the only other prerequisite. Expect to make about $37,000 
 5. Medical Records and Health Information Technicians 
 Health records are meaningless if not properly ordered and maintained. That is primarily the job of a health records technician. Billing and coding is a subset of that work. Some employers will require an associate’s degree. That generally takes two years. Some programs only require a certificate that can be obtained in less than one year. One can expect about $38,000 on average. 
 You don’t have to spend your days scrubbing for surgery in order to help people. You can be a pharmacists, a lab tech, a hospital administrator, a transcriptionist, or a records tech. Either way, you are still doing something quite noble. You are still making money. And you are doing highly respectable work. 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 _ _ Email Post 
 _ _ Print Post 
 Share Post 
 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     Don’t Leave Your Online Reputation to Chance  
  _ _     How to Love Your Cubicle  
  _ _     How Not to Become an Overachiever  
 
 Discussion 
 
 0 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 No Comments yet, be the first! 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
