Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Registered Psychiatric Nurse 
 Alberta Health Services 
 __Fort Saskatchewan, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Your Opportunity: 
This position requires demonstrated competencies in Community Addiction, Opiate Agonist treatment and Mental Health, as it relates to individuals with addictions, complex mental health and/or concurrent disorders transitioning from a Correctional facility back into the community. It requires collaborative work, client advocacy and a strong knowledge of Justice Services including establishing relationships with corrections health care staff and case workers to ensure effective in-facility screening, comprehensive assessment and case management. Treatment priorities include facilitating sustained links to community-based services and supports housing and income, and then further advancing to therapy specific to addictions and mental health. Ability to recognize the interactive relationship between these disorders using standardized tools, protocols is essential with the primary outcomes aimed at reducing criminal activity and hospital visits, improving psychiatric status and quality of life and improving functional capacity. In combination with Justice, Community Mental Health teams and community partners, both locally and provincially, on-going programs evaluation, development and implementation are required. 
 Description: 
As a Registered Psychiatric Nurse (RPN), you will provide leadership through a wide variety of nursing services to patients (clients, residents) for the purpose of promoting, maintaining or restoring health, mental health and preventing mental illness, injury and disability. You will teach, counsel and advocate on behalf of patients and take necessary steps to ensure their safety and well-being. You will provide safe, quality patient and family centered care, while reflecting the shared vision and values of AHS. 
 Classification:  Registered Psych Nurse(2022.75 
 Union:  United Nurses of Alberta 
 Department:  FortSask CC Corrections Clinic 
 Primary Location:  Fort Saskatchewan Correc Ctr 
 Multi-Site:  At (UNA only) 
 FTE:  0.60 
 Posting End Date:  10-DEC-2020 
 Temporary Employee Class:  Temp P/T Benefits 
 Date Available:  22-DEC-2020 
 Temporary End Date:  31-MAR-2023 
 Hours per Shift:  7.75 
 Length of Shift in weeks:  10 
 Shifts per cycle:  30 
 Shift Pattern:  Days 
 Days Off:  Saturday/Sunday 
 Minimum Salary:  $36.86 
 Maximum Salary:  $48.37 
 Vehicle Requirement:  Not Applicable 
 Required Qualifications: 
Completion of an accredited Psychiatric nursing education program. Active or eligible for registration and practice permit with the College of Registered Psychiatric Nurses of Alberta (CRPNA). Current Basic Cardiac Life Support - Health Care Provider (BCLS-HCP). 
 Additional Required Qualifications: 
B.Sc.N, or RN/RPN. Training or education specific to the addiction and mental health needs of correctional clients. Experience in the addiction or mental health field is essential, preferably in a correctional setting. Extensive knowledge of addictions and mental health. Specialized expertise around counseling and therapy with concurrent disorders. Knowledge of community resources. Knowledge of criminal justice system. Understanding of correctional facilities and population served. 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
Experience working in a correctional facility. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
