Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Seasonal Gift Wrapper 
 Holt Renfrew 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 If you experience issues applying to the role, please submit your application using Internet Explorer or Microsoft Edge. 
 Seasonal Gift Wrapper 
 Do you enjoy the hustle and bustle of holiday season? Are you looking for full-time/part-time work where you will have fun and also make a difference in someone’s day? Do you get excited about wrapping and creating the perfect gift? We are hiring seasonal gift wrappers for our stores! 
 Who are we? 
 Holt Renfrew is Canada's leading luxury retailer, offering designer apparel, footwear, accessories, and beauty products from the world’s most prestigious fashion houses, for both women and men. Join us at stores nation-wide, where we aim to make your every visit an inspired and distinct experience in luxury fashion. 
 What will you do? 
 Wrap parcels using Holt Renfrew supplied boxes, paper, ribbons and bows 
Follow current gift-wrapping standards to ensure consistency in results 
Place completed parcels in Holt Renfrew shopping bags and store in specified location for pick up 
Ensure all parcels are accompanied by receipt prior to wrapping 
Maintain gift-wrap area in a clean and orderly fashion 
Complete daily supply order during peak wrapping periods 
Comply with all Health & Safety policies and requirements 
Perform other duties, as assigned 
 Living our values everyday: 
Passion - Own it 
Excellence - Elevate every moment 
Warmth - Open to the world 
Unity - One team. One Holts 
 Qualifications: 
Passionate about the brand 
Helpful and have the desire to go above and beyond 
Warm and welcoming to everyone in the store 
Flexible availability to work a variety of shifts including nights & weekends 
Team player 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
