Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Hospitality Agent (Full-Time) - Toronto, ON 
 Sonder 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 With thousands of beautiful spaces built for travel and life, Sonder is transforming the future of hospitality. Each Sonder is purposefully selected, designed and maintained - customized to reflect the vibe of its neighborhood. Whether your stay is two days, two months or two years, in a studio or a six-bedroom, Sonder ensures a unique, yet consistent experience. And with 24/7 on-demand service, crisp linens, and over 200 other quality standards, we're taking stay further for guests all around the world. 
 Sonder started a little over five years ago, and now has thousands of spaces in cities across the globe. 
 Our Hospitality Agents are the face of Sonder and our eyes and ears on the ground throughout the city. This is one of the most versatile roles at the company and perfect for anyone who hates the idea of sitting at a desk all day. Just imagine, you may be checking in a guest one minute and then dashing to deliver extra towels the next. If you're ready for a fast-paced environment with constantly shifting responsibilities and challenges, we'd love to hear from you! 
 AT SONDER YOU WILL: 
 
 Ensure our guests have an amazing first experience by working with our City Operations team to resolve guest issues in an efficient and empathic manner 
 Take care of day-to-day hospitality tasks, such as bringing extra items to guests during their stay and managing in-unit needs that range from troubleshooting systems and appliances, quick housekeeping fixes, and overseeing contractor appointments 
 Learn about the pillars of hospitality 
 Learn about warehouse management and supply chain management where you will assist with warehouse duties such as preparing housekeeping kits, processing linens, and cleaning 
 Work closely with our hospitality operations team and conduct quality control inspections inside our units to ensure they meet the Sonder standard 
 
 WHAT WE LOOK FOR: 
 
 2+ years experience working in hospitality or customer service 
 Bachelor's Degree or similar work experience preferred 
 You are a professional who is organized, hard working, and detail-oriented who is not afraid to roll up your sleeves and do everything you can to make sure our guests have a great stay 
 A self-starter with a positive attitude, who has the ability to work effectively both in a team environment as well as independently 
 Comfortable working in a startup environment while always maintaining a smile on your face 
 Comfortable taking public transit to our properties and navigating downtown Toronto (travel reimbursement is available) 
 
 WHAT WE OFFER: 
 
 Competitive hourly pay with growth opportunities 
 Health, dental, vision insurance for full-time employees 
 Daily lunch reimbursement of up to CAD $13 for a 5+ hour work day 
 Stock options for full-time employees; this is an opportunity to be an owner of a rapidly growing tech-hospitality start-up 
 Travel credits for Sonders around the world. Love to travel? That's what we do! 
 Comprehensive training (learn about every aspect of the hospitality industry) 
 A high-energy, start-up environment with smart, positive coworkers 
 
 We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
