  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Solihull 
 Rate:  Market related 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 Project Manager/Coordinator 
 Project Manager / Coordinator 
 FTC 6 Months, with possibility to extend 
 Solihull 
 Our client, a leading provider of life science solutions, are now looking for a strong experienced, enthusiastic  Project Manager / Coordinator  to join their PMO in Solihull on a prestigious project for a fixed term contract of 6 months that could well be extended further on a rolling basis. 
 The Role 
 You will work closely with the Project Management Team to make the best use of his time by dealing with project coordination, office management/ secretarial and administrative tasks for this fast-moving fluid project. 
 You will be working with Project Management Team to meet goals by an assigned deadline. 
 Keep up to date on all aspects of a project, assign duties, and assist others so even complicated tasks come to completion in an orderly and timely manner. 
 Use expertise to solve unexpected problems. 
 Assist with both internal and external events when required. 
 This may include organising meetings, hotels and venues. 
 **Desired Skills & Experience.                                                        ** 
 
 Excellent level of spoken and written English 
 Previous Project Management / Coordination experience is vital for this role 
 Diary management 
 Good understanding of Microsoft Office suite (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) 
 Business & Project management qualification and experience is desirable but not essential. 
 Very flexible and enjoy working on a wide range of tasks 
 Common sense, lateral thinking and professionalism at all times. 
 Good problem-solving skills and techniques 
 Adaptable to changing conditions and work assignments 
 High standard of accuracy and attention to detail 
 The ability to work autonomously, be pro-active and work as part of a team 
 Ability to carry out good research and provide feedback and recommendations as required. 
 Confident, with excellent organisational skills and the ability to prioritise workload in order to work to tight deadlines under pressure. 
 Ability to deal with multiple tasks, using good planning and judgement. 
 Time management 
 Self-motivating 
 
 The salary will be competitive within this sector and will be discussed at the interview depending on qualifications and experience. 
 This role would suit an experienced or Senior Coordinator or Junior Project Manager looking to be part of an emergency COVID19 related project. 
 
 
 Rate:  Market related 
 
 
 Location:  Solihull 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Secreterial 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Elite Executive Search & Selection Ltd 
 
 
 Contact:  Marie Kinchin 
 
 
 Tel:  0203 750 0575 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Reference:  MK50 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-01 16:56:32 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Elite Executive Search & Selection Ltd  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Elite Executive Search & Selection Ltd 
 
 Sales Engineer  
 Outsourcing Junior 
 Outsourcing Client Manager  
 Audit Senior  
 Sample Reception & Sample Handling Assistant -Tangmere 
 Sample Reception & Handling Assistant - Gatwick Airport 
 Sample Reception & Handling Assistant- Hull 
 Sample Reception & Handling Assistant 
 Warehouse Site Operative Lead - Stansted  
 Laboratory Technician Supervisor - Deeside  
 Site Operative Lead - Ramsgate 
 Site Operative Lead - Stansted Airport  
 Laboratory Technician - Gatwick Airport  
 Laboratory Technician Supervisor - Gatwick  
 Operational Scientific Lead- Manchester 
 Operational Clinical Lead - Gatwick 
 Site Operative Operative - Leeds 
 Clinical Operational Lead - Leeds 
 Clinical Operational Lead - Tangmere 
 Operational Clinical Lead - Deeside 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
