
 Home 
 What We Do 
 Who We Are 
 Happenings 
 Connect 
 
 
 __ 
 __ 
 
 Home 
  What We Do 
 Who We Are 
 Happenings 
 Connect 
 
 Rss Feed 
 Blog 
 Home   ›   Blog   ›  Improve Your Job Performance: Get A Hobby 
 Improve Your Job Performance: Get A Hobby 
 By WorkBook6 
 __ 
 __ Tweet 
 __   
 Hey. Kara, here. I keep things running smooth and on time, here, at WorkBook6. Spend just a few minutes with some of the folks on our team and you’ll know that job is easier said than done. By design, this business is a buzzing hive of activity. Our team is dynamic, and often very, very busy. It’s my job to help them keep it all straight and to help us all maintain sanity. Playing an insider’s role in each of the team’s day to day has given me a unique perspective around how to maintain such an intense workload while staying happy and healthy. And while every person here is different, they all have a commonality – they’ve got something else they’re passionate about. For many on the team, music is the go-to. Brett and Sav are both obsessed with electronic dance music (EDM). Kyle’s a DJ and Max plays guitar. Others aren’t quite so indoorsy – Anna can be found on a horse at least one afternoon or evening each week and Chris is a free-diver and avid surfer. JT is flat-out obsessed with fishing, yardwork, and anything else outside. Justin hits the gym (and he never skips leg day). My hobby is in all things film, in particular screenwriting, at least for the moment. The point is this – every one of us has a counterbalance to help put the hours in the office and on the road into better perspective. And I’m convinced that this might be what enables us all to go so hard at work! 
 While it may seem contradictory, investing more time in your personal life and interests outside of work can help you improve your job performance. Despite the traditional idea that ‘workaholic’ behavior drives success, the ability to thrive in today’s business world requires more than just showing up to work. Investing some time in hobbies helps develop your skills in a rounded way making you even more productive (and marketable) than you are now. 
 Get the Creative Juices Flowing 
 For many of us, our job roles and functions are straightforward. Typically our day-to-day activities in the office are often predictable – which is in not necessarily a bad thing! It would however, be a terrible thing to assume that because we do one thing well, it’s the only thing we do well. Having hobbies furthers our understanding of our creative capabilities. Putting ourselves in unfamiliar situations lets us tap into our creativity in a different way than we usually would. This can spark inspiration to get us past ‘just showing up’ to work, and rather pushing hard for progress and innovation. 
 Playground for Failure 
 Personally, my favorite reason to participate in a hobby is the opportunity to make mistakes without any really scary consequences. When was the last time you spent time doing something for yourself where you hadn’t considered the return on investment? Are you willing to be challenged and work at something, even if it doesn’t produce a paycheck? I challenge you to find any successful person who can truthfully say that their success came overnight, without much work and without any failures. If you walk into a photography studio, you’re likely not going to be Ansel Adams on your first day. Take a boxing class, you’re probably not ready to get into the ring with Mayweather any time soon. Sitting down to write? Ask Tolkien, Rowling or Martin about failure before their masterpieces became our current obsessions! Giving ourselves a creative space to be daring without the fear of getting fired or endangering our livelihood can give us the confidence to unravel some of our underlying talents. While taking chances may be a little daunting at the office when there is much at stake, the journey in our personal interests have a way of taking us on a much more adventurous path. 
 When it rains, it doesn’t have to pour 
 Have you ever had one of those days at work where everything went wrong? You come home, only to continue thinking about work. You wake up the next day, only to dread going in to work to deal with yesterday’s fallout. Having a hobby can help take us, even if just momentarily, out of a bad situation, refresh our perspective and force a little joy into our lives even on the worst days. I guarantee your ability to solve problems when you are refreshed and optimistic is far better than when you are in a stressed and overwhelmed state. 
 The beautiful thing about a hobby is it can be anything. It doesn’t have to be something you are naturally talented at, or it could be your secret passion that opens up brand new career doors. It’s an opportunity for extroverts to observe, or for introverts to take the lead. If you ever doubted whether investing time in a hobby is worth the effort, remember – if the return of growth, accomplishment and happiness doesn’t quite get you there, a new hobby may be just the tool you need to take you to the next level at work! 
 
  ‹ Back 
  < Prev     Next >  
 Categories 
 
 General (26) 
 Affinity & Member Organizations (4) 
 Digital Marketing (10) 
 In the News (36) 
 InsureTech (3) 
 Leadscon (10) 
 Marketing Foodies (1) 
 Marketing Program Management (6) 
 Media Monetization (4) 
 Social Media (2) 
 Strategic Partnership Development (22) 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
   
 
 Our Senior Moment: LeadsCon2020 
 September 21, 2020 
 
   
 
 We’re going virtual at LeadsCon2020! 
 September 14, 2020 
 
   
 
 WorkBook6 presents our new senior health insurance brand, CoverageCoach 
 August 3, 2020 
 
   
 
 Buy It or Build It: Join our LeadsCon webinar with Phonexa! 
 July 28, 2020 
 
   
 
 We're coming to you live (virtually) from Lead Generation Week! 
 May 26, 2020 
 Popular Tags 
 
 Anna Lewis 
 Brett Kaufman 
 Media Monetization 
 Rob Stevenson 
 Marketing Program Management 
 Outreach 
 Kara Hutcheson 
 JT Benton 
 Strategic Partnership Development 
 Affinity & Member Organizations 
 LinkedIn 
 Insurance 
 Brand Identity 
 InsureTech 
 Marketing Foodies 
 
 Archives 
 Select ... September 2020 (2) August 2020 (1) July 2020 (1) May 2020 (1) March 2020 (1) February 2020 (1) January 2020 (1) December 2019 (2) November 2019 (1) June 2019 (2) May 2019 (3) April 2019 (2) March 2019 (1) February 2019 (2) January 2019 (1) December 2018 (4) November 2018 (2) October 2018 (2) September 2018 (4) August 2018 (3) July 2018 (4) June 2018 (10) May 2018 (8) April 2018 (3) March 2018 (1) February 2018 (4) January 2018 (5) December 2017 (2) November 2017 (5) October 2017 (2) September 2017 (1) August 2017 (1) 
 Connect 
 Interested? Let's talk! 
 Connect 
 First Name:* 
 Last Name:* 
 Title:* 
 Company:* 
 Email:* 
 Phone:* 
 Message:* 
 
 Home 
 Connect 
 Privacy Policy 
 Legal 
 Cookie Policy 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 WorkBook6 * All rights reserved. 
 Site by 
 By using our website, you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Cookie Policy Accept 
 __ 
