Work With Craft 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 Professionals 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Our Plans 
 
 
 __  Post Job 
 
 
 __  Sign Up 
 
 
 __  Log In 
 
 
 __Menu 
 Front End Developer LOCALPERMANENT 
 Job Description 
 Job description 
 Are you an energized, talented and motivated individual fascinated by the mobile web and the future of interactive media? Bonfire Studios is looking to add a web developer to its growing team. 
 We’re a small digital studio with a passion for innovation and bold user experiences. We work with a wide variety of brands that range from small local businesses to internationally recognized companies. Our office is conveniently located just 30 minutes north of Boston in Andover, MA. 
 What will the position entail? 
 Our developers work closely together with each other, the rest of our team, and our clients. You’ll start off by getting yourself acquainted with our processes and projects, and then start contributing to both new and existing projects. Our projects range from single landing pages, to medium-scale websites backed by a CMS, to full custom web applications. The majority of your work will be front-end development, although any server side experience is a plus. 
 Position Details: 
 
 Intermediate-level position 
 Competitive Pay 
 Flexible Hours 
 Gym/Internet Reimbursement 
 Sweet downtown area with good eats 
 Beer! Tacos! 
 
 What do we look for in candidates? 
 
 An individual with a passion for web, mobile web, app development and user experience development 
 An enthusiastic team player who loves contributing and investing in new ideas 
 Someone who is willing to go the extra mile to grow with our team 
 
 Some of the things we look for in developers: 
 
 The ability to work with designers to bring their ideas to life in rich and interactive ways - with a focus on intuitive user experiences and exciting interfaces 
 Attention to detail and the ability to create pixel perfect websites based off of PSD documents 
 Knowledge on best practices related to UI development 
 Experience creating websites that work on all size devices and across all modern browsers 
 A basic understanding of SEO and website performance best practices 
 Experience developing custom themes for open source content management systems 
 
 Bonus Points if you have experience with: 
 
 GSAP or other advanced CSS & Javascript animations 
 Craft CMS and Craft plugin development 
 Knowledge of modern front-end build tools 
 HTML5 Canvas, PHP, Git, Sass, Gulp, NodeJs, ReactJs, Ruby on Rails 
 
 How to Apply 
 Submission Requirements: 
 Send over a resume and some examples of your best previous work. Prototypes or links to repositories are okay, but we prefer to see production websites to know what your work would look like in the end. 
 [email protected] 
 Contact Info 
 
 __ 
 
 Location:  Andover, MA 
 
 __ 
 
 Phone Number:   7818721365 
 
 __ 
 
 Email Address: 
 __  Posted March 30, 2018 
 Follow Us 
 
 __ 
 __ 
 
 Work With Craft (C) 2021. All Rights Reserved. 
