Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Health Information Services Clerk (200359) 
 Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 We currently have Regular Part-Time vacancy for a Health Information Services Clerk in the SJR - Health Records Department here at St. John's Rehab Site. 
 Summary of Duties 
 The Health Information Services Clerk is a multi-function position that involves the Release of Information (ROI), processing of transcribed reports and the assembling and checking of patient health records. Other duties include processing chart requests, pulling and filing of charts, retrieval of Inpatient discharge records and other Administrative/Clerical duties as required. 
 Qualifications/Skills 
 Process of Inpatient and Outpatient records including retrieval of discharged charts from the patient program areas. 
 Process all chart requests (e.g.:  internal chart audits, research studies). 
Maintain an adequate inventory of office supplies. 
Provide support to other Health Information Services staff as required. 
Data entry and processing as required. 
Attend Clinical Informatics Department Meetings and other Educational meetings / events as required. 
Other reasonable duties as assigned. 
Be aware of conditions and measures that may affect the safety of employees, patients, Sisters, students, volunteers, physicians and visitors including but not limited to: compliance with the safety standards of the Hospital and applicable legislation. 
Conduct their work in a safe manner; prevention, identification and reporting of safety issues and problems; taking corrective action, where possible; attendance at safety meetings / training / updates in accordance with the Hospital’s standards. 
Facilitate volunteers in completing their assigned duties 
 Purging: 
Pull charts from the file room 
Enter chart number in in Purg spread sheet (Accuracy is very important) 
Perform duplicate hfn checks on purg charts 
Box charts 
Arrange storage of charts with Iron Mountain (includes scheduling pick up order and sending id protected spreadsheet to Iron mountain for upload into Website inventory 
Pull charts for Volunteer for removal of bulldog clips and installation of fasteners 
Maintain records of purg files 
 Transcription Duties: 
Monitoring of Nuance Transcription system. 
Quality Analysis, editing and distribution of transcribed reports to Clinical Staff and Departments. 
Assigning priority work types to off-site transcriptionists as necessary. 
Mailing / faxing copies of admission and discharge reports to community physicians. 
Provide instructions/handouts to physicians (authorized) to use the transcription system. 
Extract old transcribed reports from Medquist software when required. 
 Qualified candidates are invited to submit their cover letter and resume (in one document) to: careers@sunnybrook.ca 
 Human Resources 
Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre 
 Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre is committed to providing accessible employment practices that are in compliance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (AODA). If you require accommodation for disability during any stage of the recruitment process, please indicate this in your cover letter. 
 Sunnybrook Health Sciences Centre is strongly committed to inclusion and diversity within its community and welcomes all applicants including but not limited to: visible minorities, all religions and ethnicities, persons with disabilities, LGBTQ persons, and all others who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
