Skip to primary content 
 The Traveling Librarian 
 Anything and everything about how to become involved in libraries beyond your doorstep. 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 Book Resources 
 Int'l & Comp Lib Info 
 Sarah P. Gibson 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous   Next -> 
 Job: Information Management Assistant 
 Posted on  October 30, 2017  by   sarahgprescott 
 10.29.17 -   Information Management Assistant  (G-5) 
United Nations Headquarters, New York, USA 
 
 
 
 Posting Title: 
 Information Management Assistant (Temporary Job Opening), G5 (Temporary Job Opening) 
 
 
 
 
 Job Code Title: 
 INFORMATION MANAGEMENT ASSISTANT 
 
 
 Department/Office: 
 Office of Human Resources Management 
 
 
 Duty Station: 
 NEW YORK 
 
 
 Posting Period: 
 24 October 2017 -  30 October 2017 
 
 
 Job Opening Number: 
 17-Information Management Systems-DM OHRM-87293-J-New York (T) 
 
 
 Staffing Exercise 
 
 
 
 
 N/A 
 United Nations Core Values: Integrity, Professionalism, Respect for Diversity 
 Special Notice 
 This temporary position is available from mid November 2017 for a period of 16 weeks subject to availability of funding. 
 This position is subject to local recruitment pursuant to staff rule 4.4 of the United Nations Staff Rules. All staff in the General Service and related categories shall be recruited in the country or within commuting distance of each office, irrespective of their nationality and of the length of time they may have been in the country. A staff member subject to local recruitment shall not be eligible for the allowances or benefits exclusively applicable to international recruitment. 
 Passing the Global General Service Test (GGST) is a prerequisite for recruitment consideration in the General Services and related categories in the United Nations Secretariat. Applicants who have not passed the GGST at the time of application may be invited for the test after submitting an application. Having passed the Administrative Support Assessment Test in English at the United Nations Headquarters, Economic Commission for Africa, Economic and Social Commission for Western Asia, United Nations Office at Geneva, United Nations Office at Vienna, International Criminal Tribunal for Rwanda or International Criminal Tribunal for the former Yugoslavia; or the United Nations Accounting or Statistical Assistant Examination at the United Nations Headquarters may be accepted in lieu of the GGST. 
 Notes: 
 • A current staff member who holds a fixed-term, permanent or continuing appointment may apply for temporary positions no more than one level above his or her current grade. However, a current staff member who holds an appointment at the G-6 or G-7 level may also apply to temporary positions in the Professional category up to and including the P-3 level, subject to meeting all eligibility and other requirements for the position. A staff member holding a temporary appointment shall be regarded as an external candidate when applying for other positions, and may apply for other temporary positions at any level, subject to section 5.7 below and staff rule 4.16 (b) (ii). Therefore, a staff member holding a temporary appointment in the General Service or related categories may only apply to positions within those categories. For full information on eligibility requirements, please refer to section 5 of ST/AI/2010/4Rev.1 on Temporary Appointments. In its resolution 66/234, the General Assembly further “stressed that the Secretary-General should not recur to the practice of temporarily filling posts in the Professional and higher categories with General Service staff members who have not passed the General Service to Professional category examination other than on an exceptional basis, and requests the Secretary-General to ensure that temporary occupation of such posts by the General Service staff shall not exceed a period of one year, effective 1 January 2013…” Consequently, eligible candidates in the General Service or related categories for temporary job openings in the Professional category that have not passed the competitive examination may be selected only on an exceptional basis endorsed by the Office of Human Resources Management where no other suitable candidate could be identified. 
 • Upon separation from service, including, but not limited to, expiration or termination of, or resignation from, a fixed-term, continuing or permanent appointment, a former staff member will be ineligible for re-employment on the basis of a temporary appointment for a period of 31 days following the separation. In the case of separation from service on retirement, a former staff member will be ineligible for re-employment for a period of three months following the separation. This equally applies, mutatis mutandis, with respect to a former or current staff member who has held or holds an appointment in another entity applying the United Nations Staff Regulations and Rules and who applies for a temporary position with the Secretariat. 
 • Retirees above the mandatory age of separation who wish to be considered for the current temporary job opening must indicate the reason for their last separation as "retirement." Such retirees shall not be employed by the Organization, unless (a) the operational requirements of the Organization cannot be met by staff members who are qualified and available to perform the required functions; and (b) the proposed employment would not adversely affect the career development or redeployment opportunities of other staff members and represents both a cost-effective and operationally sound solution to meet the needs of the service. 
 • Subject to the funding source of the position, this temporary job opening may be limited to candidates based at the duty station. 
 • While this temporary assignment may provide the successful applicant with an opportunity to gain new work experience, the selection for this position is for a limited period and has no bearing on the future incumbency of the post. An external candidate selected for this position is bound by the prevailing condition of the staff selection system under ST/AI/2010/3, as amended, and ST/AI/2010/4/Rev.1. A staff member holding a temporary appointment who is recruited in the Professional and above categories on a temporary appointment, and placed on a position authorized for one year or longer may not apply for or be reappointed to his/her current position within six months of the end of his/her current service. This provision does not apply to staff members holding temporary appointments and placed on positions authorized for one year or more in duty stations authorized for peacekeeping operations or special political missions. 
 • The expression “Internal candidates”, shall mean staff members who have been recruited after a competitive examination under staff rule 4.16 or after the advice of a central review body under staff rule 4.15. 
 • Please note that candidates will be required to meet the requirements of Article 101, paragraph 3, of the Charter as well as the requirements of the position. The United Nations is committed to the highest standards of efficiency, competence and integrity for all its human resources, including but not limited to respect for international human rights and humanitarian law. Candidates may be subject to screening against these standards, including but not limited to whether they have committed, or are alleged to have committed criminal offences and/or violations of international human rights law and international humanitarian law. 
 • For information on special post allowance, please refer to ST/AI/1999/17. For more details on the administration of temporary appointments please refer to ST/AI/2010/4/Rev.1. 
 • The Staff Regulations, Staff Rules and administrative issuances governing staff appointments can be viewed at:  http://www.un.org/hr_handbook/English 
 • Staff members of the United Nations common system organizations who will reach the mandatory age of separation or retirement within the duration of the current temporary need period are not eligible to apply. 
 • Staff members are not eligible to apply for the current temporary job opening if they are unable to serve the specified duration of temporary need before reaching the mandatory age of separation. Submitting an application or selection for the current temporary job opening does not delay or increase the mandatory age of separation. 
 Org. Setting and Reporting 
 This position is located in the Personnel Records Unit, Learning, Development and HR Services, Office of Human Resources Management. Information Management Assistant will report to senior Information Management Assistant. 
 Responsibilities 
 Within delegated authority, the Information Management Assistant will be responsible for the following duties: 
 Archives and Records Management 
•Creates Official Status Files for newly appointed staff members; 
•Provides standard and PRU-specific applications support and Unite Docs troubleshooting for Headquarters Deployment Group (HDG) staff. 
•Conducts end-user training relating to requesting official status files through Unite Docs. 
•Provides initial technical support and guidance to end-users and identifies areas where improvement or modifications are needed. 
•Registers Section’s incoming and outgoing records in electronic record keeping system. 
•Maintains Unit’s paper-based and electronic central file system by creating new folders, applying disposition instructions and tracking file circulation. 
•Participates in records management projects in Secretariat offices, assembles records and creates electronic file lists in preparation for records transfer and arranges for their transportation 
from UNHQ to Offices away from Headquarters. 
•Carries out quality control functions for incoming and outgoing official status files and document to be filed. 
•Assists with training of the temporary staff and covers supervisor’s duties in their absence. 
•Assists in accessioning, disposition, description, and database updating activities as they relate to Section records-related projects. 
•Performs clearinghouse functions such as records inventory/archiving projects and carries on various duties such as: performs researches in HR and unit’s databases to determine which files are to be archived, analyses retention schedules, assembles records, creates electronic files list, updates information in unit’s electronic record keeping system and coordinates transfers of records to ARMS. 
•Supports disposition operations by liaising with records-originating offices on transfer procedures and documentation; 
•Creates and maintains manual accession records and provides information to other Section staff in support of reference and archival arrangement and description activities. 
•Oversees internal records retrieval, loan, reproduction and staff clearance operations. 
•Supports external reference services by drafting routine responses to inquiries, including records reproduction transmittals, for approval of HR Officer. 
•Participates in maintaining the Unit’s reference database. 
•Participates in discussions and meetings on creation of digital records, reorganization of Unit’s work processes, files management and record keeping. 
 Documents 
Liaises with document processing services with respect to preparation, reproduction and distribution of documents and publications. 
Orders and follows-up on shipment of documents, reference materials, stationery and necessary equipment to various sites. 
Provides document delivery services as required. 
 General 
Conducts research as requested by more senior staff using Umoja and Unite Docs. 
Provides relevant technical support to users of information services. 
Provides administrative support for the Unit and undertakes other duties as assigned. 
 Competencies 
 Professionalism: Knowledge of records management, electronic record-keeping, archiving and document management. Ability to undertake research, maintain records in a systematic fashion and to retrieve necessary materials with maximum speed and accuracy. Shows pride in work and in achievements; demonstrates professional competence and mastery of subject matter; is conscientious and efficient in meeting commitments, observing deadlines and achieving results; is motivated by professional rather than personal concerns; shows persistence when faced with difficult problems or challenges; remains calm in stressful situations. 
 Planning & Organizing: Develops clear goals that are consistent with agreed strategies; identifies priority activities and assignments; adjusts priorities as required; allocates appropriate amount of time and resources for completing work; foresees risks and allows for contingencies when planning; monitors and adjusts plans and actions as necessary; uses time efficiently. 
 Client Orientation: Considers all those to whom services are provided to be “clients” and seeks to see things from clients’ point of view; establishes and maintains productive partnerships with clients by gaining their trust and respect; identifies clients’ needs and matches them to appropriate solutions; monitors ongoing developments inside and outside the clients’ environment to keep informed and anticipate problems; keeps clients informed of progress or setbacks in projects; meets timeline for delivery of products or services to client. 
 Education 
 High school diploma or equivalent. 
 Work Experience 
 A minimum of five years of progressively responsible experience in archiving, record-keeping, document management, library, information management or related area is required. Experience in managing personnel records is desirable. 
 Languages 
 English and French are the working languages of the United Nations Secretariat. For the post advertised, fluency in oral and written English is required. 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Twitter 
 Pinterest 
 Tumblr 
 Reddit 
 Email 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  International Jobs  and tagged  International Librarianship  by  sarahgprescott . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
