Skip to content 
 
 Workthoughts 
 Join the conversation on workplace and career 
 Primary Menu 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Workthoughts 
 
 The week@work - Brexit, #Regrexit, Euro2016, Christo's floating piers, Bill Cunningham's photos, Goldman Sachs' video recruiting strategy, and education for a jobless future 
 June 27, 2016 Eileen Kohan 
 I was a history major, so the past week@work included an inordinate amount of time spent in the company of various traditional and social media portals, monitoring the results of the  Brexit  vote and its aftermath. 
 In between, there were intervals of soccer, viewing both  Copa America  and  Euro 2016 . There was also art in Christo's  installation  in Lake Iseo, Italy and reflected brilliance in the photography of  Bill Cunningham , who died this weekend. Goldman Sachs  announced  a new campus recruiting strategy (good news for history majors), and a journalist  asked  if education is preparing students adequately for a jobless future. 
 On Thursday evening I watched part of CNN International's 'Brexit' election coverage, which included an animated  discussion  between anchor  Christiane Amanpour  and historian  Simon Schama . As it became clear that 'Leave' was overtaking 'Remain' in the vote count, Schama cited the referendum results as one more example of  " a world phenomenon of tribal nationalism" . 
 The historian has been actively  engaged  on Twitter and in an  interview  with NPR's  Robert Siegel  described the vote as  " a turning point for Great Britain" . 
 Here's a sample of the conversation: 
 SIEGEL:"  Culturally, there is a generation of educated young Europeans - and I include Brits in that - who think of themselves at some level as being European. Maybe it's not their only identity. Do you think that goes away in Britain and does a different identity take shape, or do those people grow up and change in this country?" 
 SCHAMA: "  No, I think they 're in distress. I mean, I'm sure you've said, it's very striking that the 18 to 24s voted something like 75 percent to stay in. And I suppose it depends where you are in London. We have more immigrants than anywhere else, and we're least bothered by it. And I think when the shock subsides a bit, the young may well fight to be at least as European as they've been led to believe they are. That's my hope, actually." 
 SIEGEL: "  If you can imagine a historian 50 years hence writing the sentence that will sum up what happened on this day, what do you think it 'll be?" 
 SCHAMA:"  The greatest act of unforced national self-harm yet known in modern history. " 
 It's always helpful to have a historian in the house. And it's stunning to realize the  generational split  in voting:  " Among 18-24-year-olds, the age category that’s going to have to live with the consequences of this vote for all of their working lives, 75 percent voted to stay." 
 As to #Regrexit, writer and comedian,  John Oliver  reminded his countrymen,  " there are no f______do-overs" . 
 In 2004 journalist  Franklin Foer  wrote  'How Soccer Explains the World: An Unlikely Theory of Globalization' . Seemed like a good read to revisit after Brexit and an opportunity for a diversion while following Copa America and Euro 2016. The book treats soccer stories as globalization case studies. And I think we could use some 'best practices' right about now. 
 Full disclosure, I am rooting for the  Welsh National Football Team  as they face Belgium on Friday. My favorite work/life balance photo of the week - Wales'  Gareth Bale  and daughter after the team advanced to the Euro 2016 quarter finals. 
 Art is another outlet for expression in chaos and ambiguity. A new Christo work debuted last week. The Guardian  reported  on the popularity of the 'Floating Piers' in Lake Iseo in northern Italy. 
 " A giant floating walkway made out of fabric on an Italian lake has had to be closed at night after tens of thousands of visitors began to wear it out. 
 The 1.9-mile (3km) walkway of 200,000 floating cubes covered in orange fabric was created by artist Christo and has proved a major attraction since it opened on Saturday on Lake Iseo. 
 However, 270,000 visitors have flocked to see the free installation – called “the Floating Piers” – in less than five days, far exceeding organisers’ expectations of about 500,000 over 16 days. " 
 On Saturday, The New York Times  chronicled  the career of one of their 'house icons', photographer  Bill Cunningham . 
 " Mr. Cunningham was such a singular presence in the city that, in 2009, he was designated a living landmark. And he was an easy one to spot, riding his bicycle through Midtown, where he did most of his field work: his bony-thin frame draped in his utilitarian blue French worker’s jacket, khaki pants and black sneakers (he himself was no one’s idea of a fashion plate), with his 35-millimeter camera slung around his neck, ever at the ready for the next fashion statement to come around the corner. 
 Nothing escaped his notice: not the fanny packs, not the Birkin bags, not the gingham shirts, not the fluorescent biker shorts. 
 In his nearly 40 years working for The Times, Mr. Cunningham snapped away at changing dress habits to chart the broader shift away from formality and toward something more diffuse and individualistic. " 
 Two stories about the transition from school to work round out this week@work. 
 On Friday, bbc.com  reported   " Goldman Sachs is scrapping face-to-face interviews on university campuses in a bid to attract a wider range of talent. 
 The US investment bank will switch to video interviews with first-round undergraduate candidates from next month. 
 " Edith Cooper, Goldman's global head of human capital management said: "We want to hire not just the economics or business undergraduate but there is that pure liberal arts or "history major that could be the next Lloyd Blankfein." 
 Mr Blankfein, the bank 's chief executive, went to Harvard, one of America's elite Ivy League universities, where he studied history." 
 On Tuesday, Washington Post contributor,  Jeffrey J. Selingo   asked  'Are colleges preparing students for the workforce?' 
 " While students are often encouraged to major in job-ready fields like STEM (science, technology, engineering, and math), graduates of those programs are unlikely to find employment without solid grounding in the liberal arts and experiences outside the classroom to build their soft skills. 
 In the future work world, it’s critical that new graduates stay one step ahead of technology and focus more on what computers can’t yet do well: show creativity, have judgment, play well with others, and navigate ambiguity. " 
 It was a good week to be a history major. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Email 
 LinkedIn 
 Tumblr 
 Print 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Categories:  career ,  college and work ,  connecting the dots ,  economy ,  leadership ,  success ,  week@work ,  work thoughts ,  work/life balance  Tags:  #Regrexit ,  @FranklinFoer ,  @GarethBale11 ,  BBC News ,  BGR ,  Bill Cunningham ,  Brexit ,  campus recruting ,  Christiane Amanpour ,  Christo ,  European Union ,  Floating Piers ,  Franklin Foer ,  Goldman Sachs ,  Great Britain ,  history majors ,  How Soccer Explains the World ,  Jeffrey J Selingo ,  John Oliver ,  Lake Iseo ,  NPR ,  Robert Siegel ,  Simon Schama ,  Washington Post 
 Post navigation 
 <- The Saturday Read 'Max Perkins: Editor of Genius' by A.Scott Berg 
 'Other duties as assigned'- In search of a congressional job description -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Recent Posts 
 
 And then we came to the middle… 
 The Friday Poem: 'August' by Mary Oliver 
 Just the beginning… 
 The Friday Poem - 'How Would You Live Then?' by Mary Oliver 
 Summer 2019@work: Cathedral Thinking, Blue Oceans and Redefining the Purpose of a Corporation 
 
 Search for: 
 Archives 
 
 September 2020 
 August 2020 
 March 2020 
 September 2019 
 January 2019 
 October 2018 
 August 2018 
 May 2018 
 April 2018 
 March 2018 
 February 2018 
 January 2018 
 December 2017 
 November 2017 
 October 2017 
 September 2017 
 August 2017 
 July 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 
 Categories 
 
 career 
 college and work 
 communication 
 connecting the dots 
 creativity 
 culture 
 curiosity 
 economy 
 job search 
 leadership 
 lifelong learning 
 pandemic 
 poetry@work 
 storytelling 
 success 
 The American Dream 
 The Friday Poem 
 The Saturday Read 
 values 
 week@work 
 women@work 
 work thoughts 
 work/life balance 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
