
 Menu 
 
 HOME 
 WORK FROM HOME 
 
 __200+ Best Work From Home Jobs 
 __Virtual Assistant Jobs 
 __Proofreading Jobs 
 __Transcription Jobs 
 __Stay at Home Mom Jobs 
 __Online Tutoring Jobs 
 __Delivery Driver App Jobs 
 __Search Engine Evaluator Jobs 
 
 
 MAKE MONEY 
 
 __Make Money From Home 
 __Make Money Online With PayPal 
 __Proven Passive Income Ideas 
 __Make Extra Money From Home 
 
 
 EXTRA CASH 
 
 __Money Making Apps 
 __How To Make Money Doing Surveys 
 __USA Paid Online Surveys 
 __UK Paid Online Surveys 
 
 
 BLOG 
 
 15 Part-Time Weekend Jobs Online To Earn Extra Cash 
 Work From Home Jobs ,  Earn Extra Cash  December 14, 2020 
 This post may contain affiliate links. Please read our affiliate disclosure  to learn more. 
 0shares 
 
   
   
   
 
 
 Looking for flexible part time weekend jobs to make more money? 
 The weekend is a time to relax and unwind from the busy week. This is precisely why we all look forward to the weekend. 
 However, with the rushed lifestyle and everything getting more expensive, staying productive during the weekends can go a long way in helping you stay afloat. 
 There are a lot of ways you can earn extra money during the weekend. There is always something that will match your skills, abilities, and interests that you can do. 
 Are there any flexible part time weekend jobs? 
 Before we proceed, I am not telling you to spend the entire weekend sitting in front of your computer and trying to earn money. The jobs I'm going to tell you about are very flexible. 
 These are entirely different from the common 9-5 corporate jobs. You will be in charge of your schedule, and you will work as much or as little as you want. 
 You can work for an hour per day or 8 hours. It is all up to you. So, you will still have time for fun and going out during the weekend. 
 So what are these part time weekend jobs that I can do to earn some extra money? Keep reading to find out more. 
 Flexible part time weekend jobs 
 Don't forget:  20 Online Side Jobs To Make Extra Money From Home 
 1. Proofreading 
 Have you ever read an article or book that had so many errors? Do such articles irk you? If yes, maybe you have it in you to work as a proofreader. If you have a background in languages, proofreading can be a great part-time weekend job for you. 
 What does the work of a proofreader entail? Well, your work will be to eliminate any superficial errors before an article, essay, social post, or book is published. Your work will be to ensure that every piece you work on is flawless before publication. 
 It would be best if you are above average in language and grammar. This is because you will have to notice punctuation, grammatical, and spelling errors. And noticing them is not enough. You need to know how to correct the errors too. 
 There are a lot of  websites that have proofreading jobs . Also, you can cold pitch bloggers and even students who may need their essays proofread. 
 Get proofreading training  : 
 One of the best ways to start your proofreading hustle on the right foot is to enroll in a proofreading training course. I highly recommend Caitlin Pyle’s  FREE proofreading workshop for beginners . This is a free webinar that will equip you with the needed skills to get started. 
 Caitlin Pyle is a veteran in the proofreading industry. She's been doing it since 2007, earning over $45, 000 per year. Besides, she's already helped over 4800 students start their proofreading hustles. 
 
 Read more: 
 
 What Is Proofreading, And How Do I Become A Successful Proofreader? 
 How To Become A Proofreader: Ultimate Guide For Beginners 
 17+ Websites To Find Online Proofreading Jobs From Home 
 Is Proofread Anywhere Legit? Here’s The Truth 
 
 2. Transcription 
 Are you a first typist? And, are you a keen listener? If yes, your best weekend job could be transcription. 
 Transcription involves transforming audio to text. You will transform things such as interviews, conferences, speeches, lectures and sermons into written texts. 
 People will talk with their accents, and at a faster speed. It is up to you to be conversant with different accents and be a fast typist. On average, most transcription sites require you to have 50 wpm speed. 
 You will also need a stable internet connection and a good pair of noise-canceling headphones. 
 On average, transcriptionists make anything between $15 and $30 per audio hour. The exact amount you make will largely depend on the complexity of the work and your speed. 
 FREE Transcription mini-course  : 
 If you’re not sure whether transcription is a good side hustle for you, be sure to  enroll in this FREE mini course on transcription foundations . Discover why transcription is an invaluable skill in today’s digital world and learn how to become a successful transcriber. 
 
 Read more: 
 
 30 Best Online Transcription Jobs From Home 
 
 3. Doing Paid Online Surveys 
 Doing paid online surveys is one of the easiest ways to earn money during the weekend. You have probably been giving your opinion for free ever since, so why not earn doing it? 
 Companies and businesses in industries such as showbiz are interested in your opinion. They will pay survey companies to collect opinions and views from consumers like you. 
 Your opinion will help them improve their products and services. Just in case you have been wondering why someone will pay for your opinion, this is precisely how it works. 
 Most survey sites will pay you either via PayPal cash or gift cards. You get to choose what works for you. 
 Most sites will earn you approximately $30 per month. Not too much, but enough to get you that book you have wanted to read in ages or get you a snack or beer. Joining several survey sites will make everything more worthwhile. 
 Join the survey sites below to get started: 
 Make an Extra $700/Month From Home 
 
 Swagbucks  will pay you $10 just for joining. Get paid more money for sharing your opinions, playing games, watching videos and searching the web.  Click here to join Swagbucks   (Australia, Canada, Ireland & USA residents) 
   Survey Junkie  - Get paid for answering surveys. Join focus groups to earn even more. Up to $75 per completed survey.  Click here to join Survey Junkie   (USA, Canada & Australia residents) 
   InboxDollars  - Get paid to take surveys online, read emails, play games, and go shopping. New users receive $5 dollars just for joining.  Click here to join InboxDollars   (USA residents) 
   MyPoints  - Get PayPal cash for taking polls, answering surveys and much more. You get a $10 welcome bonus!  Click here to join MyPoints   (USA & Canada residents) 
 
 Read more: 
 
 How To Make Money Doing Surveys (Over $500/Mo) 
 17 Online Surveys That Pay Through PayPal 
 10 Best Paid Survey Sites For USA Residents 
 19 Most Rewarding Surveys – Best Online Surveys For Money & Rewards 
 
 4. Blogging 
 Blogging involves creating content that you have an interest in. You will publish the content on your blog and then when people engage with it, you earn through ads, affiliate marketing, sponsored posts, etc. 
 The good thing about blogging is you can focus on topics and ideas that interest you. It will not feel like work if you have a passion for it. You can blog about food and recipes, nutrition, health and fitness, sports, fashion, music, parenting and children, pets, and gardening; whatever interests you. 
 It is also your blog, so you post whenever you want to, and during the weekends, it would be a flexible time for you. 
 For example, this blog that you're reading right now was started back in Feb 2020. I've been growing it ever since and it's now making around $400-$600 a month as of December 2020. 
 Earnings from one of the affiliate programs (from 1st-14th December 2020) Earnings from another affiliate program 
 The blog mainly makes money through affiliate marketing and I plan to implement advertisements once it starts getting over 50, 000 visits a month. 
 Start your own blog! 
 You can  start your own blog today with Bluehost for only  $3.95 a month . You also get a free domain name with your purchase along with many other benefits. If you are interested  click here  for more information on their pricing and services. 
 5. Virtual Assistant 
 Are you a personal or office assistant in your 9-5? If yes, being a virtual assistant will be a great option for you. You will be doing the same things, but remotely! 
 Not a personal assistant? Don't worry; you still can hack this side hustle as long as you have excellent organizational skills. 
 Some of the work of a virtual assistant include things like: 
 
 Making and answering calls 
 Sending and replying to emails 
 Managing social media accounts 
 Making reservations such as hotel rooms and travel tickets 
 Managing and scheduling appointments 
 Managing the Google calendar 
 
 Overall, you need to be very organized as a virtual assistant. You should also be trustworthy and reliable because you will be dealing with some delicate and sometimes confidential work. 
 Read more:  17 Best Virtual Assistant Jobs From Home (Available Even For Beginners With No Experience) 
 Part time weekend jobs to boost your income 
 Don't forget:  21 Side Hustle Jobs To Make More Money 
 6. Flea Market Flipping 
 Do you know those places you can buy items at ridiculously low prices? Okay, don't just get items for yourself alone. You can get the items cheaply and resell them at higher prices. 
 You can get items such as clothes, jewelry, shoes, books, toys and even artwork from flea markets and resell them for profit. Sometimes, an item with a small dent is sold at a throwaway price. 
 For example, books that were probably handled carelessly. Or clothes with a destroyed zipper. Don't let that chance pass you. Pick up such items, give them the small fix they need, and resell them to make your profits. 
 You can resell them to your family, friends, colleagues, social media followers. Alternatively, creating an account with sites such as Etsy is suitable for such a business. 
 Rob and Melissa have been flipping items from flea markets and thrift shops for more than 10 years now. Rob makes more than $130,000 just flipping. If you are wondering how they do it, enroll in their  free online flipping course , and you will be forever grateful. 
 How can you get started? Sign up for Rob’s FREE workshop  to learn how to start a profitable reselling business in as little as two weeks. Don't forget to also get yourself Rob’s  FREE eBook called Beginner’s Guide to selling on eBay . 
 7. Online Writing 
 Who creates all the written texts we access online? Of course, there is someone somewhere who sat down, researched, and came up with the content you read every day online; including this very article. 
 Website and blogs owners sometimes get busy and hire freelance writers to do the work for them. 
 So, you will be given a set of instructions and asked to generate content for the site. Of course, you need to have some good writing and communication skills. Your grammar, too, needs to be above average. Nobody wants crappy content on their site. 
 The best thing about freelance writing is that many sites hire people to write content for clients. Therefore, there will always be something you can do. 
 Besides, you can always find work in the fields that interest you. If you love pets, gardening, fashion, technology, sports, parenting, there will always be a client somewhere looking to hire you. 
 Read more:  20+ Freelance Writing Jobs Online For Beginners With No Experience 
 8. Graphic Design 
 Graphic design is one of the most lucrative part time weekend jobs. A single gig can easily earn you up to hundreds or thousands of dollars. Knowledge in software dynamics and high creativity levels will come in handy to anyone who wants to work as a graphic designer. 
 You will design items such as websites, logos, badges, book covers, brochures, business cards, and even t-shirts. A client will give you a brief on what they require. It is upon you to use your creativity to turn their concept into a visual representation. 
 There are a lot of sites that hire graphic designs. Consider joining sites such as 99 Designs, Design Crowd, Upwork, and Fiverr. 
 How can you get started?  Check out these popular  graphic design courses on Udemy  to get you started. 
 9. Captioning 
 Captioning involves generating subtitles for movies, programs, or even Youtube videos. The importance of subtitles is to increase viewership. So, you will be paid to participate in improving the viewership of a movie or program. 
 For you to succeed as a captioner, you need to be a keen listener. You need to generate the same words said and sync them in at the exact moment they were said. In simpler terms, speed and accuracy are essential for a captioner. 
 There are a lot of sites that hire captioners. You could sign up on such sites and work on gigs. Also, cold pitching could land you some lucrative gigs. For instance, you could send your pitches to producers and directors of movies. Letting them know how your work could take their viewership to the next level, which could land you lucrative gigs. 
 Read more:  15 Work From Home Captioning Jobs For Beginners 
 10. Data Entry 
 Having information on spreadsheets and databases makes them easy to interpret. It isn't easy to interpret data or information hidden in long paragraphs. 
 With data entry, you will mostly receive files, go through them, and transmit the data on either a spreadsheet or a company's database. You need no experience to work on data entry gigs. But you need to be keen and accurate in the interpretation and transmission of data. 
 Signing up on sites that hire freelancers could be a good start on your journey to finding data entry jobs. Consider signing on the Freelance market places and job boards too. 
 Read more:  19 Genuine Online Data Entry Jobs Without Investment 
 Other part time weekend jobs to earn more money 
 Don't forget:  7+ Easy Ways To Make Extra Money Working From Home 
 11. Dog Walker or Pet Sitter 
 Are you a dog or a pet lover? If yes, you could spend some hours during your weekend doing what you love, for some extra money. 
 Usually, people leave the city to unwind somewhere else during the weekend. You know how it is hard to travel with your pet or dog. This is why most dog or pet parents opt to leave their pets to pet sitters. 
 Sometimes, the pet parent will let you walk the pet or have the pet over at your place. It all depends on what works for you. 
 Sign up on sites such as Rover and find pet parents looking for pet sitters. 
 12. Food Delivery 
 Do you have a bicycle, motorcycle, or car idling during the weekends? You could use those to earn some cash delivering food to people. Usually, on weekends, a lot of people order food out. And this is where you can make a huge catch. 
 When people order from restaurants, you will be notified and pick up the food and deliver it to the client's address. No bike or car? Some apps hire people with scooters and even delivery on foot! 
 The good thing is, you get to do the deliveries as much as you want. You can work all day, or just for a few hours. 
 Consider signing up on food delivery apps such as Uber Eats, DoorDash, InstaCart, Postmates and Shipt Shopper to work as a delivery person. A lot of gigs will earn you $12-$20 per hour. 
 Read more:  15 Best Delivery App Jobs Hiring Now 
 13. Website Testing 
 Have you ever used a poorly designed website that you just had to leave and look for other options? That is one of the nightmares of website owners. Everyone wants their site to be perfect. It's the only way to keep visitors glued and coming back for more. 
 Website owners pay third parties for their opinions on the usability, navigability, and quality of a website's content. 
 To work as a website tester, you need to sign up on sites that hire website testers. Some of these sites will require you to record videos or audio of your feedback. Some will require you to submit written feedback. 
 You can earn anything from $10 to $100 per hour for helping websites improve their relevance and usability. 
 14. Online Tutoring 
 There are a lot of people looking for online classes on different subjects. The most popular are non-natives English speakers looking for English classes. There are a lot of sites that connect English language learners to English native speakers offering classes. 
 If you are a teacher with certifications in teaching English as a second language, you can earn big from offering online English classes. Some gigs will just hire natives with no specific certifications, so give it a shot. 
 Other disciplines on demand include computer science, technology, anatomy, chemistry, physics and mathematics. If you are a teacher in any of these subjects or are knowledgeable about these disciplines, sign up on online tutoring sites for extra money during the weekend. 
 Read more:  10 Best Online Tutoring Jobs To Teach From Home 
 15. Translation 
 Are you fluent in two languages or more? Make good use of that; stop sitting on that gold. You can work as a translator and make some good money. You could translate articles, books, essays, social media posts and blog posts for money. 
 To start, you need to sign up on sites that hire translators. You will need to prove that you are fluent in your languages of choice. You, therefore, need to pass a test before the sites accept you. You will realize that the little foreign language you learned in high school is not enough. You need to be fluent to ace the tests. 
 Luckily, there are a lot of sites and apps that help with translations today. However, you know artificial intelligence can never match the human brain. So, some gigs will pay you to remove the robotic aspect from work done by artificial intelligence. 
 Read more:  17 Best Online Translation Jobs From Home 
 Ready to ace these part time weekend jobs? 
 Nothing feels useful, like earning some  extra money  out of your regular source of income. Working for a few extra hours during the weekend could earn you some extra bucks. 
 As you have seen above, there is always something that matches your skills, interests, and abilities. Choose what piques your interest, do some research on it, and get started. The money will be worth the effort. 
 Which online job are you considering for those extra hours you have during the weekend? Do you have any other part time weekend jobs to add? Let us know in the comment box below. 
 0shares 
 
   
   
   
 
 
   
 Tags: online jobs ,  part time jobs 
 Related Posts 
   
 15 Best Upwork Alternatives For Freelancers Looking For Online Jobs 
 Are you a freelancer looking for the best … 
   
 200+ Best Work From Home Jobs: Top Companies With Remote Jobs 
 Looking for the best work from home jobs? … 
   
 Watch Videos for Money: 10 Legit Sites & Apps That Really Pay 
 Did you know you can watch videos for … 
   
 17 Best Online Translation Jobs From Home 
 Looking for the best online translation jobs from … 
   
 10 Best Online Tutoring Jobs To Teach From Home 
 Fancy the idea of teaching online from the … 
   
 17 Best Virtual Assistant Jobs From Home (Available Even For Beginners With No Experience) 
 Virtual assistant jobs are among the most popular … 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel Reply 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 
 __ 
   
 POPULAR POSTS 
 
   
 
 Get Paid To Read Emails: 12 Sites & Apps That Pay 
 
   
 
 25 Real Ways to Make Money From Home & Create A Life You Love 
 
   
 
 200+ Best Work From Home Jobs: Top Companies With Remote Jobs 
 
   
 
 30 Best Online Transcription Jobs From Home 
 
   
 
 7+ Easy Ways To Make Extra Money Working From Home 
 __ __ __ __ 
 Hi and welcome to WorkAtHomeSmart.com! I'm Norbert Juma, passionate about the web & financial freedom. I started this site to be a resource for people looking to work from home and make money online. 
 RECENT POSTS 
 
 
 15 Part-Time Weekend Jobs Online To Earn Extra Cash 
 
 
 How to Become a Proofreader: Ultimate Guide For Beginners 
 
 
 15 Work From Home Captioning Jobs For Beginners 
 
 
 15 Best Apps to Earn Gift Cards Online Free 
 
 
 15 Online Jobs for Beginners with No Experience 
 
 
 AFFILIATE DISCLOSURE 
 Some of the links on our site are affiliate links, meaning that if you click on one of the links and purchase an item, we may receive a commission. All opinions, however, are our own and we do not accept payments for positive reviews. 
 VISIT US ON SOCIAL MEDIA 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
  __ 
 
 
 Earnings Disclosure 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 WorkAtHomeSmart.com  Copyright (C) 2020. 
 Built with  Magnus 
