
 WorkPlace Diversity Network 
 The Source For Diversity Talent ™ 
 
 Home 
 About Us 
 Media Kit 
 __News Categories
 
 __Diversity Blog 
 __Education Blog 
 __LGBT Blog 
 __Hispanic/Latino Blog 
 __Disability Blog 
 __Veterans Blog 
 
 
 Diversity Job Boards 
 
 WorkplaceDiversity 
 Hispanic Diversity 
 Veterans Connect 
 Disability Connect 
 OutandEqual.com 
 All Diversity 
 
 
 Job Seekers 
 Contact Us 
 
 MENU CLOSE back 
 Hiring 101: How to ace a job interview 
 You are here: 
 
 Home 
 Diversity 
 Hiring 101: How to ace a job interview 
 
 You can start by making it personal. 
 _ The Leadership Insider network is an online community where the most thoughtful and influential people in business contribute answers to timely questions about careers and leadership. Today’s answer to the question “   What are three tips for nailing a job interview?   ” is written  by Mike Del Ponte, co-founder of Soma. _ 
 The problem with interviews is that they create a context that feels something like this: “Hi, candidate X. You’re one of many people vying for this position. In this interview, we are going to ask you a number of questions. You better have the right answers or you won’t make it to the next round.” 
 This isn’t always the intention of the hiring manager, but it’s often the psychological undertone of the interviewing process. You don’t want to be the one hoping you’ll be lucky enough to earn their approval. In fact, you want the hiring manager to be chasing you. So, how do you flip this power dynamic? How do you not only nail a job interview, but also have the company coming to you? Follow these three simple tips: 
 **Connect with the hiring manager 
**You don’t have to provide all of the right answers, but you do need to be liked. In other words, a cultural fit is necessary. Your interview should feel more like a conversation between friends than an interrogation. Notice the energy in the room, if it feels tense, crack a joke or tell a story. Making a personal connection with the hiring manager is the first step in creating a dynamic that will work in your favor. 
 **Understand the business objectives 
**Most job descriptions will describe the tactical aspects of a role. And as a candidate, you need to know what you’ll be evaluated on; ask about the challenges and risks you’ll face if you take the position. Then, go one step further and understand the role of your potential boss. This is likely the person interviewing you, so they’ll need to be sure that hiring you will make their job easier. 
 **Put the company under the microscope 
**You should be vetting the interviewer as much as they’re vetting you. Ask tough questions about the vision of the company, its culture, growth opportunities, and the team you’ll be working with. This accomplishes two things. First, it provides answers to the important questions you should be asking before you make a career decision. And second, it puts you in a position of power because you’re conveying that this is a partnership — both you and the company need to benefit from the exchange. 
 Source:  Fortune 
 January 20, 2018 By Coordinator Diversity   Veterans 
 What to Do If You’re Fired From Your First Job How to Handel a Poor Manager 
 Related posts 
 
 Executive Survey Finds a Lack of Focus on Diversity and Inclusion Key Factor in Employee Turnover 
March 3, 2018 
 
 The Important 3-Step Process of Hiring the Right Team 
January 12, 2017 
 
 Eliminating Detrimental Distractions in the Workplace 
December 6, 2016 
 Diversity Blog Feed: Latest 
 
 
 How Much Money Does It Take to Be Happy? 
June 27, 2020 
 
 
 4 Reasons Why Open Concept Floor Plans Are Awesome 
June 24, 2020 
 
 
 10 Simple Signs You're in a Happy Work Environment 
June 23, 2020 
 
 
 © Copyright 2014 WorkPlace Diversity Network | All Rights Reserved 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 Disclaimers 
 Terms of Use 
 
 Privacy PolicyDisclaimersTerms of UseFooter 
