Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 ISTH-McMaster Chair in Thrombosis and Haemostasis Research 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 The Department of Medicine at McMaster University and Hamilton Health Sciences are seeking a research leader as a candidate for the inaugural International Society on Thrombosis and Haemostasis (ISTH)-McMaster Chair in Thrombosis and Haemostasis Research. The successful candidate will be an outstanding researcher acknowledged as a world leader in the field of thrombosis who has a track record of fostering collaborative and interdisciplinary research. 
 Applicants should be certified (or eligible for certification) by the Royal College of Physicians and Surgeons of Canada, and must be licensed (or eligible for licensure) in the province of Ontario through the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Ontario. 
 The ideal candidate for this position is a senior academic (full Professor or equivalent) with proven academic success, a track record of peer-reviewed funding, and demonstrated excellence in mentoring and teaching. The Chair holder will join an established and internationally renowned group of thrombosis researchers whose work extends from the bench to the bedside and on to the community. The Thrombosis group is housed in the state-of-the-art David Braley Research Building located at the Hamilton General Hospital site of Hamilton Health Sciences. 
 McMaster University has a 129-year tradition of fueling curiosity, inquiry, and discovery, and is rated as one of Canada’s top 3 research-intensive universities. Located in Hamilton, a 1-hour drive from Toronto and a 1-hour flight from major American hubs in New York City, Washington, and Chicago, the campus is located in the heart of one of the most vibrant, innovative, and multi-cultural regions of North America. 
 How To Apply 
 Applications are to include a letter summarizing expertise, qualifications, and accomplishments relevant to the position, together with up-to-date Curriculum Vitae and the names and full contact information of 3 referees. 
 All qualified applicants are encouraged apply; however, Canadian citizens and permanent residents will be considered first for this position. To comply with the Government of Canada’s reporting requirements, the University is obliged to gather information about applicants’ status as either Permanent Residents of Canada or Canadian citizens. Applicants need not identify their country of origin or current citizenship; however, all applications must include one of the following statements: “Yes, I am a citizen or permanent resident of Canada” or “No, I am not a citizen or permanent resident of Canada” 
 Review of applications will continue until the position is filled. 
 To apply for this job, please submit your application online. 
 Questions regarding the position can be directed to:  Dr. Jeffrey Weitz, Executive Director, Thrombosis and Atherosclerosis Research Institute – weitzj@taari.ca 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and, within the lands protected by the “Dish with One Spoon” wampum agreement. 
 In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity, diversity and inclusion. While all qualified candidates are invited to apply, we particularly welcome applications from women, persons with disabilities, First Nations, Métis and Inuit peoples, members of visible minorities, and LGBTQ+ persons. Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact the Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247) or the Faculty of Health Sciences Human Resources office at ext. 22207 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
