
 Home 
 Legal 
 Sitemap 
 
 _Provide administrative support from the comfort of your own home and schedule. Virtual assistants can perform a range of services, from scheduling and email management to social media strategizing and event planning. And you can seek to do it full time via an agency or independently on a gig-by-gig basis. Boldly is a staffing agency hiring full-time assistants to work from home in 23 states. Or you can post your services on freelance job boards such as FreeUp and Upwork to connect with potential clients directly. Work At Home  _ 
_And working from home, in many ways, might be the smartest solution for older workers who tend to be more susceptible to severe cases of COVID-19, the illness caused by the new coronavirus. The good news is you can find an array of work-from-home jobs across all industries and at varying experience levels. Here are 19 work-from-home jobs currently hiring. Estimated hourly pay is based on data from employers, PayScale.com and other sources. Work At Home  _ 
_Englewood, Colorado-based TTEC has been around since 1982, and is a business process outsourcing company. It provides services around the world, and operates delivery centers in 24 countries. TTEC provides work-from-home situations for consultants, customer service professionals, students, and veterans. In fact, the company employs more than 20,000 work-at-home employees. Work From Home  _ 
 
 To qualify, you’re required to have a bachelor’s degree. You can live just about anywhere you want, as long as you have a stable Internet connection, though they are currently excluding new teachers based in California (no explanation for this is given). If you’re accepted, you’ll be required to provide a minimum six-month commitment. You’ll also be required to have an HD external or integrated camera with a headset and microphone.  Work From Home Jobs 
 
 The service offers English as a second language to children in China, up to age eight. Teachers are English speakers who provide one-on-one courses based on the US Common Core State Standards. And as a teacher, you'll receive ongoing paid training as well as professional development opportunities. You'll be able to work from home, and choose your own schedule. Work From Home  ~~ 
~~But hope remains. As shelter-in-place restrictions keep most nonessential workers home, opportunities for remote work have been growing. Brie Reynolds, career development manager for FlexJobs — an online job market specializing in flexible and remote work — says the site saw a 4 percent increase in remote job listings in March, compared with February. Plus, with so many jobs shifting home, any stigma against employing remote workers is easing. “Overall, companies seem to be pleasantly surprised at how well remote work is working for them,” Reynolds says. “So that's great. It is providing good solutions right now.” Work At Home   
**“There are two strategies that work extremely well for me when working from home,” advises Morgan Ranstrom, a Certified Financial Planner at Trailhead Planners in Minneapolis. “First, when I work from home I still 'get ready.' I shower and I put on business casual attire. This helps me get in the mindset of "I'm going to work". Second, time blocking is a savior when working from home. There are countless ways to distract yourself when you're at home – the laundry, washing the dishes, walking the dog. Don't fall for it.” Work From Home  ** 
_Working from home has benefits for both workers and employers. Studies by Global Workplace Analytics, a San Diego research and consulting firm, have shown that telecommuting saves employers and workers time and money, reduces stress, increases productivity, lowers exposure to office colds and flus, and helps the environment by reducing the number of commuters. Work From Home Jobs  _ 
 “I think the most important factor in successfully working from home is setting a boundary between work and personal time,” warns Russ Thornton, who runs Wealthcare for Women from his home. “Many jobs can suck up all your available time if you let them. When I “shut down” for the day, I shut off my computer, leave my office, and only very rarely do I set foot back in my office before I start work the next morning.” [Work From Home](http://www.youtube.com/v/I7voRJkBsnM&feature=share)
 
 Working from home has benefits for both workers and employers. Studies by Global Workplace Analytics, a San Diego research and consulting firm, have shown that telecommuting saves employers and workers time and money, reduces stress, increases productivity, lowers exposure to office colds and flus, and helps the environment by reducing the number of commuters. [Work From Home Jobs](http://youtube.com/e/I7voRJkBsnM) 
 × 
 
 Work From Home Jobs  Contact us at webmaster@workatwca.com |  Sitemap txt  |  Sitemap 
