Loading.... 
 LOGIN     SIGN UP 
 
 
 Hire Experts 
 Find Work 
 How it Works 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 
 
 SIGN UP! 
 Before you proceed to sign up, 
Please select one of the following! 
 I want to Hire 
 
 --OR-- 
 I want to Work as an 
 
 
 
 Home 
 » 
 Freelance Jobs 
 » 
 Finance & Accounting 
 
 Project Results 
 By Job Category 
 
 All  (517) 
 IT & Programming  (193) 
 Graphic Design & Multimedia  (64) 
 Writing, Content & Translation  (128) 
 Data Entry & Admin  (41) 
 Sales & Marketing  (39) 
 Customer Service  (7) 
 Finance & Accounting  (18) 
 Others  (27) 
 
 By Budget (INR) 
 
 All  (517) 
 Less than 5000 Rs.   (152) 
 Between 5,000 - 20,000 Rs.   (137) 
 Between 20,000 - 50,000 Rs.   (57) 
 Between 50,000 - 100,000 Rs.   (29) 
 Greater than 100,000 Rs.   (33) 
 Not Sure  (109) 
 
 By Project Type 
 
 All  (517) 
 Featured  (29) 
 Full Time  (3) 
 
 By Time Left 
 
 Any 
 Less than 24 hours left 
 Less than 3 days left 
 Less than 7 days left 
 
 By Posted Date 
 
 Any 
 Posted within 24 hours 
 Posted within 3 days 
 Posted within 7days 
 Posted within 14 days 
 Posted within 30 days 
 
 By Status 
 
 Any 
 Hiring Open 
 
 Search Job 
 Finance & Accounting Jobs 
 ( showing 1 - 15 of 18 results ) 
 Finance & Accounting 
 Clear 
 Get Project Updates 
 PAGE 1 OF 2  
 SORT BY Sort by Job Name Budget(High) Budget(Low) Time Left(High) Time Left(Low) 
 Wanted Freelance Auditor to file ITR 
 FIXED PRICE : Not Sure  Tax Services  Posted: 2 days ago Ends: 13th Mar 2021  10 Proposals 
 Hi, i am looking freelance auditor for ITR file so please contact me with cost for 2 years IT Return file. 
 Hi, i am looking freelance auditor for ITR file so please contact me with cost for 2 years IT Return file. 
 Skills:  Accounting ,  Accounts Payable ,  Tax Preparation 
 Client:  subbu.certify  ,  India 
 Excel 
 FIXED PRICE : 50,000 - 100,000 Rs.   Chartered Accountant  Posted: 3 days ago Ends: 12th Mar 2021  13 Proposals 
 • Manage and oversee the daily operations of the accounting department. • T&M Tracking and Invoicing Approvals • Billings/Invoicing and accounts receivable including accurate accounting of inter-comp... 
 • Manage and oversee the daily operations of the accounting department. • T&M Tracking and Invoicing Approvals • Billings/Invoicing and accounts receivable including accurate accounting of inter-company billings to affiliates and joint ventures (JV) • Account Payable and Account Receivable Management with cash management forecasting and reporting 
 Skills:  Accounting ,  Project Management ,  QuickBooks ,  Statistics ,  Tax Preparation 
 Client:  pedin 
 Financial Account  
 FIXED PRICE : 20,000 - 50,000 Rs.   Chartered Accountant  Posted: 3 days ago Ends: 12th Mar 2021  8 Proposals 
 Our company is looking for a professional with bookkeeping experience to develop state sales tax remittance processes and corresponding guides. The selected freelancer will also have the opportunity to work with us on a ... 
 Our company is looking for a professional with bookkeeping experience to develop state sales tax remittance processes and corresponding guides. The selected freelancer will also have the opportunity to work with us on a long term project of drafting sales tax returns on a monthly basis. For this initial project, freelancers will be responsible for conducting state sales tax remittance requirements and developing an easy-to-follow process for drafting and remitting taxes in assigned states 
 Skills:  Tax Preparation ,  MYOB ,  Financial Management ,  Bookkeeping ,  Accounting 
 Client:  jogice 
 Desktop Software for a small company for internal working 
 FIXED PRICE : 5,000 - 20,000 Rs.   Financial Reporting  Posted: 3 days ago Ends: 11th Mar 2021  11 Proposals 
 Software for a small company for its internal processes. 
 Software for a small company for its internal processes. 
 Skills:  Accounting ,  Accounts Payable ,  Accounts Receivable ,  Analytics ,  Bookkeeping 
 Client:  tapanthakker 
 Accounting Manager  
 FIXED PRICE : 50,000 - 100,000 Rs.   Chartered Accountant  Posted: 23rd Jan 2021 Ends: 09th Mar 2021  8 Proposals 
 We are looking for an accountant with CPA who can help me on some subjects and questions We value your hard work, integrity and commitment to make things better, and we put people first. Handle complex customer ser... 
 We are looking for an accountant with CPA who can help me on some subjects and questions We value your hard work, integrity and commitment to make things better, and we put people first. Handle complex customer service inquiries from internal clients, suppliers and customers Generate bills and invoices to customer accounts, and monthly and quarterly reports 
 Skills:  Accounting ,  Accounts Payable ,  Business Plans ,  Data Sufficiency ,  Financial Management 
 Client:  kinod 
 BOOKKEEPING 
 FIXED PRICE : 50,000 - 100,000 Rs.   Chartered Accountant  Posted: 23rd Jan 2021 Ends: 09th Mar 2021  11 Proposals 
 I would like to find a reliable bookkeeper to handle day to day bank reconciliations on Quickbooks and Xero. An understanding of VAT is preferable. I would also like someone who likes technology and has maybe worke... 
 I would like to find a reliable bookkeeper to handle day to day bank reconciliations on Quickbooks and Xero. An understanding of VAT is preferable. I would also like someone who likes technology and has maybe worked with websites such as WordPress or similar. 
 Skills:  QuickBooks ,  MYOB ,  Bookkeeping ,  Accounting ,  TQM 
 Client:  pedin 
 Academic writer with engineering, or accounting and finance, background 
 FIXED PRICE : Less than 5000 Rs.   Financial Planning  Posted: 23rd Jan 2021 Ends: 09th Mar 2021  8 Proposals 
 Need academic writer really good should have ability to understand the projects from different niches. Price varies from 25 to 35ppw. Depending on quality of delivery. 
 Need academic writer really good should have ability to understand the projects from different niches. Price varies from 25 to 35ppw. Depending on quality of delivery. 
 Skills:  Accounting ,  Accounts Payable ,  Analytics 
 Client:  tsteive  ,  India 
 Agricultural Reforms Presentation 
 FIXED PRICE : Less than 5000 Rs.   Venture Funding  Posted: 20th Jan 2021 Ends: 06th Mar 2021  12 Proposals 
 Hi, I want to prepare a short presentation on agricultural reforms (4-5 slides). I can provide all necessary data on the research - the same needs to be prepared nicely. Just a short project 
 Hi, I want to prepare a short presentation on agricultural reforms (4-5 slides). I can provide all necessary data on the research - the same needs to be prepared nicely. Just a short project 
 Skills:  Business Analysis ,  Corporate Strategy ,  Investment Research 
 Client:  prateek225 
 UK Tax Return 
 FIXED PRICE : Not Sure  Tax Services  Posted: 12th Jan 2021 Ends: 26th Feb 2021  5 Proposals 
 We are looking for assistance towards the filing of UK tax return for a non-resident individual. Thanks 
 We are looking for assistance towards the filing of UK tax return for a non-resident individual. Thanks 
 Skills:  Tax Preparation 
 Client:  sohanlalbari  ,  India 
 Indigenous wellness spaces 
 FIXED PRICE : 5,000 - 20,000 Rs.   Raising Loan Capital  Posted: 12th Jan 2021 Ends: 26th Feb 2021  4 Proposals 
 Looking for a proposal writing person to present our ideas in a better scale and all details including mission and vision, financials and projections. 
 Looking for a proposal writing person to present our ideas in a better scale and all details including mission and vision, financials and projections. 
 Skills:  Budgeting & Forecasting ,  Business Plans ,  Corporate Strategy ,  Financial Forecasting 
 Client:  darshan2020 
 Part-time financial analyst 
 FIXED PRICE : 50,000 - 100,000 Rs.   Financial Reporting  Posted: 09th Jan 2021 Ends: 23rd Feb 2021  21 Proposals 
 (More of Managing Accounting department rather than maintaining accounts) • Monitoring and Enforcing Policies and Procedures as established by the top management • Suggesting and establishing internal con... 
 (More of Managing Accounting department rather than maintaining accounts) • Monitoring and Enforcing Policies and Procedures as established by the top management • Suggesting and establishing internal controls to protect the assets of the organisation • Preparation and presentation of periodical MIS as required by the management • Preparation of Quarterly / Six monthly and yearly budgets, comparing the same with actuals and analysing variances • Conducting internal checks, internal audits and providing information to external auditors • Suggesting efficient use of liquid cash, safe investment plans and maximising Return on Investments • Providing status of financial condition by collecting, interpreting and reporting financial data • Scheduling and assigning and getting work done successfully from the team in timely and correct manner • Legal compliance as to Profession Tax, GST, Income Tax, TDS returns • Providing correct and timely data and information to legal consultants for filing of various legal returns 
 Client:  shriramhandles 
 Account Manager  
 FIXED PRICE : 50,000 - 100,000 Rs.   Chartered Accountant  Posted: 08th Jan 2021 Ends: 22nd Feb 2021  7 Proposals 
 Works closely with recruiters to convey client's requirements and specifications, establish key performance metrics and deploy effective strategies and recruitment techniques to fill challenging requisitions; serves... 
 Works closely with recruiters to convey client's requirements and specifications, establish key performance metrics and deploy effective strategies and recruitment techniques to fill challenging requisitions; serves as the point of contact for recruiters with regards to all client requisitions and associated candidate slate Researches, develops and acquires new account opportunities through understanding of the current needs of the local market including future projects and growth projections, establishing relationships with new account prospects and utilizing effective selling techniques; identifies and cultivates growth opportunities within current clients 
 Skills:  Accounting ,  Bookkeeping ,  Business Analysis ,  Financial Management ,  Financial Statements 
 Client:  habavoy 
 Auditing  
 FIXED PRICE : 20,000 - 50,000 Rs.   Chartered Accountant  Posted: 08th Jan 2021 Ends: 22nd Feb 2021  13 Proposals 
 Receives, researches and resolves a variety of routine internal and external inquiries concerning account status, including communicating the resolution of discrepancies to appropriate persons. Audits and processes su... 
 Receives, researches and resolves a variety of routine internal and external inquiries concerning account status, including communicating the resolution of discrepancies to appropriate persons. Audits and processes sub-contractors' pay, and files 1099's Files, maintains, and distributes accounting documents, records and reports 
 Skills:  Accounting ,  Bookkeeping ,  Financial Management ,  Human Resources 
 Client:  wovot 
 Financial planning 
 FIXED PRICE : Less than 5000 Rs.   Chartered Accountant  Posted: 08th Jan 2021 Ends: 22nd Feb 2021  9 Proposals 
 I am looking for financial adviser and planning please send contact details to talk. Further. My email : (removed) 
 I am looking for financial adviser and planning please send contact details to talk. Further. My email : (removed) 
 Client:  madhukondal 
 Econometrics/Economy expert to provide concultation and resolution 
 FIXED PRICE : 5,000 - 20,000 Rs.   Chartered Accountant  Posted: 06th Jan 2021 Ends: 20th Feb 2021  7 Proposals 
 We are looking for an expert in the field of Econometrics (Micro or Macro Economic knowledge would be plus) to provide assistance and consultation in the project of our company as well as providing work solutions and cal... 
 We are looking for an expert in the field of Econometrics (Micro or Macro Economic knowledge would be plus) to provide assistance and consultation in the project of our company as well as providing work solutions and calculations in the mentioned field. We are looking for self-organized and punctual researchers. - Ability to combine this job with your current errands; - Expert help 24/7 with project-related questions; - Fluent English ( grammar, lexis, stylistics ) - Completed Higher Education - PC user, Exel All details on private chat or mail. 
 Skills:  Financial Management ,  Statistics ,  Tax Preparation ,  Business Mathematics ,  Accounting 
 Client:  jackoneill  ,  Cyprus 
 Previous 1  2   Next   Last 
 NAVIGATE 
 How it Works 
 Fees & Pricing 
Register 
 Blog 
 Help 
 Contact Us 
 FIND FREELANCERS BY EXPERTISE 
 
 
 
 Developers & Programmers 
 
 PHP Developers 
 
 
 
 
  Graphic Designers 
 
 Photoshop Experts 
 
 
 Article Writers 
 
 Creative Writing 
 
 
 Data Entry & Admin 
 
 MS Excel Consultants 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 Internet Marketing 
 
 
 Accountants & Legal 
 
 Finance Consultant 
 
 
 
 FIND FREELANCERS BY LOCATION 
 
 
 
 Freelancers In India 
 
 Freelancers In New Delhi 
 
 
 
 
 Freelancers in Noida 
 
 Freelancers in Hyderabad 
 
 
 Freelancers in Mumbai 
 
 Freelancers in Jaipur 
 
 
  Freelancers in Kolkata 
 
  Freelancers in Bhopal 
 
 
 Freelancers in Bangalore 
 
 Freelancers in Punjab 
 
 
 Freelancers In Ahmedabad 
 
 Freelancers In Chennai 
 
 
 
 LOOKING FOR FREELANCING JOBS? 
 
 
 
 Fresher Jobs 
 Part Time Jobs 
 IT Jobs 
 Work from Home Jobs 
 Online Jobs 
 
 
 
 
 Web Design Jobs 
 Technical Writing Jobs 
 Freelance Writing Jobs 
 Accounting Jobs 
 Legal Jobs 
 
 
 Mobile Development Jobs 
 Data Entry Jobs 
 Game Development Jobs 
 Photography Jobs 
 Medical Writing Jobs 
 
 
 AutoCAD and 3D Jobs 
 HR Jobs 
 SEO & Marketing Jobs 
 Corporate Trainer Jobs 
 Web Development Jobs 
 
 
 
       
 Copyright (C) 2012-2020   WorknHire Technologies Pvt. Ltd. . All Rights Reserved. 
 To Top 
