Skip to content 
  Work At Home Power  
 Make Life A Little Less Stressful & Save The Commute! 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Remote Jobs 
 Mystery Shopping 
 Side Hustles 
 Start A Blog 
 Contact 
 About 
 Newest Job Leads 
 
 Newest Job Leads 9/17/2020 
 September 17, 2020September 16, 2020 by  workathomepower 
 Godiva:  Seasonal Customer Service Representative 
 This position can be onsite or remote and we offer flexible schedules. This is a seasonal role with part time or full-time hours. Start dates are as early as September 28th. 
 The Customer Service Representatives are an essential part of providing special moments for our customers. Each day, you will have the ability to connect with our customers and transform situations into successful interactions. Godiva empowers our people to make strategic decisions with the hopes of winning and retaining customers  . 
Principal Accountabilities: 
The Customer Service Representatives will strive for first-contact resolutions regarding: 
 
 Order and product inquiries, 
 Godiva Chocolate Reward Club issues, 
 Credit card/billing questions 
 Other questions that need investigating 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 No previous experience required but is preferred. 
 Professional and interpersonal skills for interacting with customers through phone calls, 
 live assistance chat and email. 
 Excellent listening and problem-solving skills 
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills 
 Ability to analyze information with strong attention to detail, accuracy and organization 
 Ability to work independently within various software systems 
 Experience with PCs, internet and Microsoft suit 
 Ability to multi-task in a fast-paced environment 
 Must be reliable and flexible 
 Must exhibit patience, compassion, and empathy 
 
 Our Benefits: 
 
 Competitive Hourly Rate 
 Employee Discounts 
 Flexible Hours and Remote Work 
 In-house Training 
 
 Godiva and affiliates, is an Equal Opportunity Employer, committed to hiring a diverse workforce. All openings will be filled based on qualifications without regard to race, color, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, marital status, veteran status, disability, age, religion or any other classification protected by law. 
 Manpower:  Customer Service Representative $15.00 Hour California Residents 
 Are you a California resident looking for work from home doing call center work? Do you enjoy helping people? Do you have experience working in a fast-paced customer service work environment and looking for a new career opportunity? If you said yes, we want to speak to you! 
 What’s in it for you? 
Work from home opportunity 
Shifts 7 days a week available 
1st Shift start times between 8:00 am – 5:00 pm 
2nd Shift start time between 12:00 pm – 8:00 pm 
Weekly pay (Every Friday). 
Pay $15.00/hr 
Free College Tuition Program 
 What you’ll be doing: 
Answer incoming calls for a high-volume call center 
Assist callers with filing claims 
Data entry 
Research and verify claims for accuracy 
 Who were looking for: 
Must be a California resident 
Minimum of 1 year experience in a customer service, retail, or call center environment 
Able to work any shift and be flexible 
Able to work in a fast-paced environment 
PC laptop or Macbook 
Reliable internet connection 
Bluetooth or hardwired headset for your computer 
Someone with great attendance and perfect punctuality. 
Detail-oriented and organized with an ability to work independently. 
Someone with a “Yes, can do!” Attitude. 
Able to pass a Background Check and Drug Screen. 
 Stop your job search and apply today. Do you need more information? We love referrals so please share our job with friends and family. 
 Job Type: Full-time 
 Pay: $15.00 - $15.10 per hour 
 Job Type: Full-time 
 
 Crate & Barrel:  Customer Service Associate  Location:  Texas 
 Our team is growing! We are excited to open our new Customer Service Center. We are looking for passionate customer service minded individuals to join our team. This position is primarily a work from home role with the occasional need to travel into our facility to receive training or participate in team building activities (because we have fun!). If you live within  90 minutes of any company location , we’d love to hear from you. 
 
 Answer customer questions, requests and concerns via customer interaction channels such as phone, chat, email, etc. 
 Provide product information and suggest alternative product solutions based on customers’ needs. 
 Enter orders into systems and verify all the information is accurate. 
 Provide delivery assistance to the customer including, but not limited to,scheduling deliveries, resolving delivery issues, ordering parts and entering return/replacements for shipped and/or delivered items. 
 Provide basic assistance to gift registry, such as helping customers maintain the registry, etc. 
 Provide service solutions and/or compensation to appease customers based on guidelines. 
 Perform other duties as assigned. 
 Develop and maintain effective, collaborative relationships with company personnel and customers. 
 Adhere to all Customer Service Center Guidelines. 
 
 Required Skills 
 
 Excellent reading and written language skills (English): good math skills 
 Excellent organizational skills, ability to multi-task and navigate through multiple systems in a fast-paced environment 
 Excellent telephone presence, interpersonal skills, and ability to communicate effectively with a diverse group of people 
 Excellent data entry, typing and computer skills 
 Thorough working knowledge of email, internet browsers, and Google platform 
 High School Diploma or GED is required 
 Office or customer service center experience is a plus 
 
 Work At Home Requirements 
 
 Minimum 25 Mbps download without packet loss or delay and a minimum 3 Mbps upload without packet loss or delay, through broadband cable or fiber optic services, WiFi, Satellite, or DSL 
 A secure home office or space dedicated to work, free from background noise or other distractions 
 Home residence within a 90 minute of any  company location 
 Able to work within the Customer Service Full-time or Part-time hours requirements 
 Able to perform with minimal daily supervision, a high level of independence/autonomy 
 Excellent computer navigation skills (multiple windows and programs) 
 Ability to troubleshoot home internet and personal computer equipment 
 Has/or can obtain required hardware/systems/software minimums, provide proof of:
 
 Intel Core i3 or AMD A9 
 4 GB Ram 
 500GB SATA Hard Drive 
 1 GB of Free Hard Drive Space 
 Webcam 
 Windows 10 Operating System or MAC OS 10.13+ 
 
 
 
 
 Gap Inc:  Work From Home Chat Representative 
 We’re looking for a Chat Specialist I agent to provide superior experiences to our Gap Inc brand customers. In this role, you’ll interact with customers from around the world via chat. You’ll answer chats from customers at all of our brands and US, EU and UK markets, including Gap, Old Navy, Athleta, and Banana Republic. 
 You’ll need to collect and analyze information from customers in order to offer the best resolution and complete these interactions in one contact. When needed, you’ll take phone calls to support our customers via phone. 
 Provide service to our customers who are chatting with us by: 
 What you 'll do 
 
 Delivering superior customer experience by providing product information, solve problems and processing orders. 
 Demonstrating exemplary customer service skills in every interaction and ensure timely, one-contact resolution with customers. 
 Effectively de-escalate customer issues using empathy and conflict resolution skills. 
 Utilize effective time management and prioritization skills in order to handle a high volume of chats in a fast-paced environment. 
 Demonstrate motivation by identifying personal strengths and opportunities in partnership with supervisor to develop career enhancing skills. 
 Ability to identify and report any critical or reoccurring customer service issues to Supervisor. 
 When needed, take phone calls to support our customers via phone. 
 Other duties as assigned 
 
 Who you are 
 
 High school diploma or GED equivalent 
 Minimum 6 months of customer service 
 StrongPC skills including internet and windows-based applications 
 Keyboardingskills 
 Strong verbal and written communication skills includingde-escalation skills 
 Previous experience with chat a plus 
 
 Benefits at Gap Inc. 
 
 Merchandise discount for our brands: 50% off regular-priced merchandise at Gap, Banana Republic and Old Navy, 30% off at Outlet and 25% off at Athleta for all employees. 
 One of the most competitive Paid Time Off plans in the industry.* 
 Employees can take up to five “on the clock” hours each month to volunteer at a charity of their choice.* 
 Extensive 401(k) plan with company matching for contributions up to four percent of an employee’s base pay.* 
 Employee stock purchase plan.* 
 Medical, dental, vision and life insurance.* 
 See more of the benefits we offer. 
 
 Thirteenth Floor Entertainment Group:  Seasonal Customer Service Representative: $14.00 Per Hour 
 RESPONSIBILITIES: 
 
 Resolve product or service problems by clarifying the customer's complaint; determining the cause of the problem; selecting and explaining the best solution to solve the problem; expediting correction or adjustment; following up to ensure resolution 
 Manage large amounts of incoming social media inquiries, emails, and chat requests. 
 Identify and assess customers’ needs to achieve satisfaction 
 Provide accurate, valid and complete information by using the right methods/tools 
 Handle complaints: provide appropriate solutions and alternatives within the time limits and follow up to ensure resolution 
 Manage ticket bookings. Help keep record of ticket sales. 
 Follow communication procedures, guidelines and policies 
 Go the extra mile to engage customers 
 Resolve customer complaints email, chat, mail or social media 
 Greet customers warmly and ascertain problem or reason for calling 
 Upgrade tickets or change dates of attendance 
 Assist with placement of payment, refunds, or exchanges 
 Advise on company information 
 Take payment information and other pertinent information such as addresses and phone numbers 
 Communicate with appropriate location/GM about issues, booking information and customer updates. 
 
 DESIRED QUALIFICATIONS: 
 
 Proven customer support experience preferred 
 Strong phone contact handling skills and active listening 
 Customer orientation and ability to adapt/respond to different types of characters 
 Excellent communication and presentation skills 
 Ability to multi-task, prioritize and manage time effectively 
 High school diploma or equivalent; college degree preferred 
 
 All applicants must be 18 years old or older and sign a non-disclosure agreement. Thirteenth Floor Entertainment Group is an Equal Opportunity / Affirmative Action employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, sexual orientation, gender identity, national origin, disability or protected veteran status, or other status protected by law or regulation. 
 Majorel:  Customer Service Representative 13.50 per hour 
 The Client Online Store is responsible for supporting customers of a leading player in the technology industry. The position involves answering inquiries related to products available through an online store as well as previously placed orders. Inquiries range from order status and shipment/delivery to requests to cancel or change orders. 
 Overall Responsibilities  : 
 · Providing high caliber Customer interaction as measured by call monitoring, call audits, and customer satisfaction surveys; 
 · Presenting to the public a strong working expertise in all client supported products; 
 · Ensuring innovation and quality in all Customer interactions as measured by call monitoring and customer satisfaction survey; 
 · Capturing all required data elements in internal Online Store and other systems of record as required by training and operational procedures; 
 · Maintaining a general awareness of client’s strengths in the industry; and 
 · Assisting Customers by answering queries relating to their order status, changes and delivery timeframes. 
 · Other duties as assigned 
 Walmart E-Commerce : Customer Support $15.00 Full Time 
 Our Customer Experience Specialists Success Profile: 
 
 
 You are a strong believer in helping our customers with a positive and happy attitude. 
 
 
 You are adaptable and work well under pressure. 
 
 
 You are a great communicator. 
 
 
 You are comfortable navigating multiple systems. 
 
 
 You are resourceful. 
 
 
 You have access to high-speed internet and a distraction free home office environment. 
 
 
 You have a laptop/desktop. 
 
 
 Minimum Qualifications: 
 
 6 months experience in retail operations, contact center operations, or a related area 
 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
 
 1 years’ experience with basic computer processing/data entry software 
 
 Minimum Qualifications … 
Outlined below are the required minimum qualifications for this position. If none are listed, there are no minimum qualifications. __ 
 1 year's experience with basic computer processing/data entry software OR 6 month's experience in retail operations, contact center operations, or a related area. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Temporary 
 All Web Leads:  Work From Home Nights & Weekends: Texas 
 Job Summary 
 AWL (All Web Leads, Inc.) is one of the most successful customer acquisition marketing companies in the US. Simply put, we help our customers acquire customers. In the heart of AWL we have our Award Winning Contact Center Team that matches consumer requests for insurance quotes with the agents who can offer the lowest prices – and it’s all done in real time! You will serve as a concierge for our Insurance Agents and connect interested consumers with ready to assist agents. There is NO insurance license required because you are not selling! 
 Requirements 
 
 Updated Personal Laptop or PC. Accepted Chromebook OS systems found  here 
 Laptop or PC must be able to support Microsoft Office and Teams downloads (AWL provides login credentials) 
 Working Webcam 
 Working USB Headset 
 Working Mouse 
 Highspeed internet (at least 15 mb/s download speed) 
 Reside in the state of Texas 
 No background noise 
 Must be 18 years or older 
 
 Responsibilities 
 
 Engage in inbound/outbound calls (no sales), ask qualifying questions, encourage a talk with an agent 
 Engage in follow up calls, inquire about the experience, ensure needs were met 
 Communicate with management on a regular basis – 2-way feedback & coaching opportunities 
 Select a shift that you can commit to on a long term basis 
 4 days of virtual training from your home office. AWL Company issued laptop mailed after training completion 
 
 AWL (All Web Leads, Inc.) is one of the most successful customer acquisition marketing companies in the US. Simply put, we help our customers acquire customers. Today, we do this for the US insurance industry. Our amazing team of over 500 talented and successful professionals uses Internet marketing to turn consumer interest in insurance products into policy sales for the world’s largest insurance carriers and more than 30,000 of their agents. We are Austin-born and our growth from a 2-person startup in 2005 to a highly profitable business has been remarkable. We are a tight-knit team with a fast paced, energetic, and entrepreneurial company culture that has been ranked a Best Place to Work in Austin for 2017, 2018 and 2019. We provide competitive pay, outstanding benefits, and a fabulous, fun, collaborative environment that allows our people to be their best. 
 PollMakers:  Texting Voters $10.00 Hour 
 Do you love to chat? Would you rather text people than talk on the phone? 
 Would you like to work from home doing something that's actually  fun ? 
 Pollmakers has been doing phone surveys since 1998. We launched a texting platform for our clients, and we are expanding rapidly due to demand. 
 We need persuasive people with strong critical thinking skills that can multitask efficiently to conduct surveys by texting with people via our  browser-based platform . You will  not  use your own cellphone to send out texts, it is all done via your computer. 
 You must: 
 
 Furnish your own laptop or desktop computer with a Chrome browser. We do not want applicants to use a phone or tablet. 
 Have a stable internet connection. 
 Have a good understanding of Google Sheets. 
 Do a half-hour virtual training session via Zoom 
 
 This is a 1099 contractor position. If you are selected to work with us, you may set your own hours as long as we have work available for you to do. 
 Please apply now  and complete the preliminary Indeed assessments  that will be emailed to you as soon as you apply. Seats are filling up fast! 
 Job Type: Contract 
 Pay: $10.00 per hour 
 Schedule: 
 
 Holidays 
 Monday to Friday 
 Weekends 
 
 Contract Length: 
 
 Varies 
 
 Contract Renewal: 
 
 Likely 
 
 Work Location: 
 
 Fully Remote 
 
 This Job Is Ideal for Someone Who Is: 
 
 Adaptable/flexible -- enjoys doing work that requires frequent shifts in direction 
 Achievement-oriented -- enjoys taking on challenges, even if they might fail 
 High stress tolerance -- thrives in a high-pressure environment 
 
 Company's website: 
 
 texttosurvey.com 
 
 Inktel:  Remote Homeware Support Specialist:$15 an hour 
 Love cooking? Baking? Shopping for upscale kitchen accessories? Browsing Pinterest for top home or kitchen renovation ideas? 
 We're contracting  WORK-FROM-HOME   Independent Contractors  who can serve as  Homeware Support Specialists  to represent one of the world’s most upscale and high-end homeware brands. 
 Compensation $15/hr. Get paid weekly! 
 Each Homeware Support Specialist will be an independent contractor, working from home using their own computer equipment that meets the technical requirements outlined below. This is a virtual customer support job. 
 Contractors must also be able to establish a designated work space, free from noise and distractions to handle incoming phone calls. 
 Contractors will be responsible for answering incoming contacts from clients via multiple platforms, including phone, email or chat. Training will be provided on client information and systems used. 
 Categories  workathomepower  Tags  chat jobs ,  customer service jobs ,  data entry ,  extra income ,  getting out of debt ,  virtual ,  work at home job leads ,  work from home  Post navigation 
 Newest Job Leads 8/8/2020 
 Trying Color Street As A Side Hustle 
 Leave a Comment  Cancel reply 
 Comment 
 Name Email Website 
 Save my name, email, and website in this browser for the next time I comment. 
 Search 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Order Your Color Street Valentine Nail Sets Today! 
 Work At Home Daily Job Leads 1/13/2021 
 Daily Job Leads 1/09/2021 
 Share your 2021 New Year's Resolutions…Here's Mine :) 
 Newest Job Leads 12/23/2020 
 
 Archives 
 
 January 2021 
 December 2020 
 October 2020 
 September 2020 
 August 2020 
 July 2020 
 May 2020 
 April 2020 
 
 (C) 2021 Work At Home Power • Built with  GeneratePress 
