__ 
 
 
 * [](https://www.facebook.com/workdesignmag)
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 Subscribe 
 
    Exploring ideas that shape the places we work. 
 
 
 Projects 
 
 
   Employee Engagement was Key to the Design of New LA Offices 
 
 
   How ASID Achieved Two Firsts From the CRE Perspective 
 
 
   West Elm's Sophisticated, Brand-Celebrating New Brooklyn Headquarters 
 
 
 Project Profiles 
 
 
 Written and Video Case Studies 
 
 
 
 
 Products 
 
   Reimagining the Furniture Selection, Specification, and Procurement Process 
   Price Modern: Multi-Faceted Services to Support Your Workplace 
   Pinnacle Sheds New Light on Creative Options to Provide Wellness in the Workplace 
 
 
 
 Expert Insights 
 
   Whine and Cheese: Change Management Isn’t Always Just About Giving Up Your Office 
   How ASID Achieved Two Firsts From the CRE Perspective 
   Workplace Wisdom from the Frontiers of Science 
 
 
 
 Tips & Trends 
 
   Whine and Cheese: Change Management Isn’t Always Just About Giving Up Your Office 
   Hold That Pen! Think Branding Before - Not After - You Sign a Lease 
   Generation Z: The Largest Percentage of Population 
 
 
 
 Premium 
 
   Being Green Has its Benefits, but Can it Also Boost Productivity? 
   How Measuring Happiness Can Revive Architecture in the Information Age 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Sodexo's Lorna Donatone Talks About the Importance of Culture When You Can't Control the Workspace 
 
 
 
 Events 
 
 
   NeoCon East 2017 in Review 
 
 
   Work Design Talk Atlanta: The Changing Nature of Work and the Workplace 
 
 
   CBRE Furniture Forum 2.0: Reimagining the Management of the Furniture Bidding Process 
 
 
 Event Calendar 
 
 
 Industry Events 
 
 
 Work Design Experiences 
 
 
 Work Design Previews and Recaps 
 
 
 
 
 CEOs Talk Workplace 
 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Interview with Kenn Fine 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Sodexo's Lorna Donatone Talks About the Importance of Culture When You Can't Control the Workspace 
   CEOs Talk Workplace: Aaron Hurst on His HQ for Pragmatic Optimists 
 
 
 
 Job board 
 Job Seeker 
 Employer 
 __Help/FAQs 
 Home 
 Jobs 
 Internships 
 Your Profile 
 Resources 
 __SIGN IN 
 Job Seekers Sign In 
 New Job Seeker? Sign Up 
 Overview 
 Saved Jobs 
 Job Alerts 
 Profile 
 Documents 
 Applications 
 __ 
 __ 
 Loading... 
 Career Learning Center   Reference Checking   Resume Writing   Coaching   More >> 
 __ Job Seekers, Welcome to Work Design JOBS 
 Resources 
 CAREER COACHING 
 Deborah Davis 
 
 Location:  NOBLE, OK 
 
 How will clients benefit with you as their coach? 
I am a solutions focused coach with a high level of positivity and energy. My years of experience in the energy industry and as an entrepreneur have given me a strong business acumen. Training in organizational behavior provides in depth knowledge of organizational hierarchy and behavior based challenges. 
The benefits for my clients are: 
 
 Fresh perspectives on themselves, their challenges, and others 
 Enhanced decision-making skills and confidence 
 Greater interpersonal effectiveness 
 RESULTS! 
 Awareness of personal presence 
 Increased productivity, satisfaction with life and work 
 
 What results have clients reported after working with you? 
My clients report increased confidence and ability to make decisions, citing the following contributors: 
 
 Easy to work with due to a "real-people type approach" and authenticity 
 Appreciation for solutions focus 
 Increased awareness following coaching sessions 
 Action plans that align with values, strengths, and goals 
 Positive, supportive, and resourceful 
 Increased productivity 
 
 What do clients say about working with you? 
My clients say I am a committed partner who is authentic, listens well, challenges their thought, and holds them accountable. They appreciate the potential I see and bring out in them, as it helps them have the courage to move forward. They love and need my energy, recognizing my strong work ethic and level of commitment - this translates to client motivation and willingness to work through obstacles. 
 What are 5 strengths you have as a coach? 
 
 Corporate Success - Technical Support, Management, Project Management, Finance 
 Entrepreneur Success - Real Estate, Construction, Coach 
 Education - Masters, Organizational Behavior 
 Certifications - International Coach Federation, Associate Coach Certification 
 Volunteer - Youth Sports Coach, Chamber Ambassador, ICF Chapter Board, WEN Mentor Program 
 
 What is your coaching philosophy? 
As the principal owner of Quest Executive Coaching, I value the connection between professional fulfillment and personal happiness. I appreciate individuality and leadership at every level. I recognize our minds need to learn and grow to be fulfilled. My belief is that each person is capable of extraordinary accomplishments and the daily challenges are opportunities for people to flex their muscles. My mission is to be a catalytic partner to leaders and their teams as they make an impact and tackle challenges confidently. 
 As an International Coach Federation Associate Certified Coach, I am committed to a strong Code of Ethics and stringent Core Competencies. I blend my commitment, authenticity, and business acumen to provide productive coach / client results. The coach / client partnership creates an optimal environment for creating solutions. It is through taking on challenges and seeing through curious eyes, there will be personal, professional and organizational development. 
 What types of people do you typically coach? 
I work with small business owners, managers, directors, and VPs. These leaders are smart and recognize the value of an energetic partner who broadens perspective and is focused on improving their success. 
 What is your professional background? 
 
 Real Estate - licensed agent 
 Construction Company - business partner 
 Property Investments 
 Energy Industry - Manager, Technical Support, Finance 
 Lifelong Learner 
 Business Coach, Consultant, Trainer 
 
 Ready To Get Started With Deborah? 
 Order online below!  |  |  |   Price USD 
 |  Three 30-Minute Coaching Sessions 
 The Career Coaching service matches individuals with a personal coach--a confidant, champion, and challenger who will help you: 
 
 Gain personalized guidance through job transitions 
 Prepare and navigate through your annual reviews 
 Leverage your behavioral and professional strengths effectively 
 Diagnose reasons for career dissatisfaction 
 Learn how to take action in networking, interviewing, and taking on new opportunities
With Career Coaching you can: 
 Learn how your behavioral style affects those you work with 
 Build a compelling value proposition for a potential employer 
 Manage change more effectively 
 Overcome hurdles that impede success 
 Sustain professional success and maintain balance 
 Get ongoing support through all phases of your career 
 
 |  Members:  $224.00 
Non Members:  $280.00 
 __Add to Cart 
---|--- 
 For assistance please call 
 1-888-491-8833 
or e-mail  [email protected] 
 Error 
 Close 
 Continue 
 Powered By 
 You do not have JavaScript Enabled on this browser. Please  enable it  in order to use the full functionality of our website. 
 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 
 Editorial Calendar 
 
 
 Free Email Newsletter 
 
 
 Sponsors 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Industry Roundups 
 
 
 Work Design TALKS and Events 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 
 
 Copyright Workspace Design Magazine, LLC DBA Work Design Magazine (2010-2018) 
 Back to top __ 
