Job Voucher Plan 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Job Voucher Plan 
 Must Reads 
 Article Links 
 Videos 
 Author 
 
   
 <- Detroit will Grow or Die Based on Her Attention to a City's Hierarchy of Needs 
 Detroit Grew Despite Meeting Man's Hierarchical Needs -> 
 April 16, 2013 * 4:44 pm 
 ↓ Jump to Comments 
 The Job Auction Plan For America Ends Detente 
 For the last thirty years, ideologues on the left and right have kept an easy peace over subsidizing what each thought was excessive war or excessive social engineering by allowing the other to have their pet spending and by borrowing from the Chinese (and others) to pay for it. That way their constituency did not have to fund the other's extremist views and their would be no wealth or income redistribution in the mix of continuing both policies without compromise. 
 Unfortunately, this short-sided thinking got America to the brink of collapse it is in today. There is no way we could have expected to run up our debt without effect. That debt funded our international competitors and took 15 million jobs and 40,000 factories offshore. More importantly, the elites outfoxed the masses in that massive wealth transfer did occur from consumers to investors at the expense of the middle class. 
 The poor remained poor at the level of the safety nets in place. Millions more joined them. Millions more joined the ranks of the working poor and the wealth of the middle class was taken in the housing collapse as middle class wages stagnated. This wealth was then redistributed to investors and overseas ventures. The detente between left and right must end with the wall coming down. We just haven't figured out who is on what side of the wall. 
 The Job Auction Plan ends detente. It ends wealth transfer overseas. It ends jobs transfers overseas and begins to reverse the trend. Now the wealth transfer issue only get resolved if we balance the budget. For if we do not then the government will fund my plan just as it is funding the current plan of social safety nets and big war and nothing else will change except that at some time, the dollar will simply become worthless. 
 If the Government does not balance the budget, then my plan will result in everyone that is able to have a job will have jobs, businesses producing products that are exportable and as inexpensive to the American consumer because they were produced at international wage rates, Therefore America will shift purchases to American manufacturers and exports will go up to absorb the increased production. 
 The wage differential will be paid by the government. The wealth transfer in this case goes to the small business owners and the millions of new workers as opposed to the elite, who essentially have been taking a share of the debt as their payment for detente for the last wo years. Yet the cost to the taxpayer remains the same, zero, because just like the current plan is being paid for with debt, this one will be too. 
 If the Government chooses to balance the budget, then whomever is responsible for paying for the budget balancing will pay for the plan. Yet the cost of this plan will be no different than what we are paying now, if anything, I expect it to be less. We will simply transfer costs of unemployment and social safety nets now being paid for by taxpayers and transfer them to the auction process. The only difference is that instead of paying people to sit in their homes without jobs, we will now be assisting all to get real productive jobs and to contribute to our country. 
 Therefore the issue of who pays becomes moot, and the issue of balancing the budget goes back to solving detente. That may mean either that elites pay more, or everyone along the tax chain, flattening out wages in income redistribution. It may be consumers of social services that are cut to balance the budget pay for the program. Nonetheless, solving detente makes us all finally decide how big a military is big enough and how much subsidizing of the capitalist system flaw that keeps so many people idly out of work we will accept. 
 Consider The Job Auction Plan an adjustment to capitalism that actually improves the current system flaw while reducing the cost, inefficiency, and lack of empathy of our current patchwork of social safety net programs. 
 Share this: 
 
 Email 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 Print 
 Reddit 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Leave a comment 
 Filed under  Economic Crisis ,  Job Auction Plan ,  Job Voucher Plan ,  Jobs 
 Tagged as  100% employment ,  capitalism fix ,  capitalism patchwork ,  Job Auction Plan ,  job creation 
 <- Detroit will Grow or Die Based on Her Attention to a City's Hierarchy of Needs 
 Detroit Grew Despite Meeting Man's Hierarchical Needs -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 
 Clif Carothers, President U.S. Air Ambulance 
 
   Clif Carothers 
 
 
 
 America Can Reach Full Employment Quickly 
 
 
 This blog was started to share a job voucher idea for all able bodied Americans to have an opportunity to work. I will share other related thoughts and appreciate your comments as well as your ideas to employ America now. 
 
 
 Blog Categories 
 
 
 Blog Categories Select Category American Governance American Innovation American Media American Politics American Schools Bureaucracy Capitalism China City Planning Class warfare divorce Economic Crisis Emergency Response Energy Policy European Crisis Federal Budget Federal Reservre Foreign Policy Free Trade Full Employment Healthcare costs Immigration Innovation Job Auction Plan Job Voucher Plan Jobs life lessons life's precious secrets Middle East prosperity Multinational Corporations National Security Occupy Wall Street pre-social media norms Racism Social Media Democracy social trajectory U.S. Energy Policy U.S. Monetary Policy U.S. Tax Policy Uncategorized Unions War World Sustainability 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Vote Trump 
 Either Trump or Sanders Will Win the Presidency 
 Does Cap and Trade Signal China's Rise as the World's New Super Power? 
 Man Must Adapt to the Law of Selfish Demise to Thrive 
 My Favorite Apple Tree 
 
 
 
 Email Subscription 
 
 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 31 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Archives Select Month August 2016  April 2016  September 2015  January 2014  August 2013  July 2013  June 2013  May 2013  April 2013  March 2013  February 2013  January 2013  December 2012  November 2012  October 2012  September 2012  August 2012  March 2012  February 2012  January 2012  December 2011  November 2011  October 2011  September 2011  August 2011  July 2011  June 2011  May 2011  April 2011  March 2011  February 2011  January 2011 
 Job Voucher Plan  * Promoting Job Creation Ideas 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
