Notice! 
 Welcome to Working Solutions. We offer independent contractor, work-at-home opportunities for folks located in either the  United States  or  Canada . 
 We do not  accept applicants located outside of the  United States  and  Canada . 
 Read our blogs __ 
 ⨯ 
    Open Menu 
 
 About
 
 About Us 
 News 
 Culture 
 Contact Us 
 
 
 Resources
 
 Blog 
 Work-at-Home Hacks 
 Tech Hacks 
 Life Hacks 
 Video 
 
 
 Start Here
 
 How to Apply 
 Technology Needed 
 
 
 FAQs 
 Opportunities 
 Apply __ 
 
 By Kristin Skiko 
 __December 12, 2019 
 Agents Needed: We’re Hiring Thousands of Work-from-Home Customer Service Jobs 
 __ 
 Filed under:  Entrepreneurship 
 We’re hiring agents for great jobs. If you have at least one year of experience working in a customer service role and are comfortable with standard call center operating systems and technology, this could be your opportunity to land a new role with competitive pay and a flexible schedule. 
 Although the jobs we’re hiring for are to provide tax software support, you’re not required to have any specific tax knowledge to apply. If you are a detail-oriented multitasker, though, step to the front of the line. 
 We’d also love to see skills in: 
 
 People-friendly communication 
 Data entry 
 Accounting or tax software 
 Organizing people or tasks 
 Internet use and computer software like Word and Outlook 
 Experience using accounting or tax software in the past. Having prepared own taxes a plus. 
 
 Learn more about this job opening. 
 We’ll also set you up to succeed with step-by-step onboarding and ongoing IT education. And don’t forget, working from home saves you the trouble of commuting and buying lunch every day, which can help save money in a big way. 
 Trending 
 How to Transform a Small Area into Your Work-from-home Space 
 Remember, these are work-from-home customer service jobs, you’ll have the freedom to set your own schedule, choosing the shifts that work best for you. Need to have days off to attend class? No problem. Need nights off to spend time with your kids? Done. 
 Even better: Once you’re part of the Working Solutions network—named among FlexJobs best remote jobs list for five years in a row—you’ll also be eligible to work other great work-from-home customer service jobs in the future. 
 
 Frequently Asked Questions about our Work-from-home Customer Service Jobs 
 What’s the job?  This is a work-from-home customer service job, communicating with customers using tax software. 
 What are the job specifics?  This is a seasonal opportunity, starting now and lasting through tax season. After this program ends, we’ll have other jobs available. 
 How soon can I expect a response?  You can expect a response within 24 hours of completing an application (including all necessary steps and assessments). 
 How long is the onboarding process?  The tech setup for work-from-home customer service jobs takes about an hour. The online instruction program for the client program will take five days. 
 How soon will you be paid?  Our agents receive their first payment after working 20 hours. 
 What if I don’t have any tax experience?  While experience with tax software or similar customer service roles certainly helps, you do not need any tax experience or knowledge to be eligible for these positions. 
 Share 
 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
 
 Ready to Apply? 
 If you’re in the market for a great work-from-home customer service job, we want to hear from you today. 
 Apply now. __ 
 Leave your comments 
 You may also like 
 How to Make a Home-business Budget 
 Every kind of business needs a budget, including home businesses. Knowing how to make a home business budget is critical in understanding your expected income, company expenses, and other financial needs. 
 Read more __ 
 Before the Coronavirus: Projected Remote Work Trends 
 Editor’s note: The 2019 Buffer remote-work survey was done before the COVID-19 pandemic. Reading the trends […] 
 Read more __ 
 Work-from-home Tips for Success 
 Working from home and haven't yet found your stride? Considering working remotely and want to do […] 
 Read more __ 
 Equal Opportunity 
 We provide equal opportunities for all independent contractor agents and all qualified applicants. Everyone will receive consideration for placement on opportunities without regard to race, color, religion, gender, national origin, disability status, protected veteran status, sexual orientation and any other characteristic protected by law not listed. 
 Legal and Sitemap 
 
 Terms and Conditions 
 Community Policy 
 Privacy 
 FAQs 
 Scam Watch 
 
 Who We Are 
 
 About Us 
 FAQs 
 Leadership 
 Newsroom 
 Contact Us 
 
 Social Media 
 
  Instagram __ 
  Twitter __ 
  Facebook __ 
  YouTube __ 
 
 (C) 2021 Working Solutions | All Rights Reserved 
