
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About Me 
 Contact 
 
   
 Tag Archives: job 
 February 25, 2013 * 11:02 am 
 r-e-s-p-e-c-t 
 I found this fitting. 
 As most of you know by now, I work in an airport.  More specifically, I  tend bar  in an airport.  My theory is that once the majority of passengers make it through security, they leave a few brain cells back there on the conveyor belt. We see a variety of people pass through our restaurant; some are pleasant (I've met some awesome people doing what I do), some are morons, some are rude, and some see that invisible line and hop, skip and jump right over it. I'm talking zero regard or respect for others. They think they can do or say whatever they please. **I don 't take kindly to that. ** 
 More specifically - and the inspiration for today's post -  I do not take kindly to grown men who act like scumbags, and/or talk disrespectfully to women.  The first thing that comes to mind when I see or experience this: How would you feel if someone talked to your daughter like that? Secondly: How about your wife? Thirdly: Do you even  have  a wife? I sure hope not. And here, for your personal anger and entertainment, is a prime example. 
 Saturday night.  We're about an hour into our 8-9 hour shift, the other 2 lady bartenders and I. Things are going smoothly - thank goodness - and a man approaches my bar. I greet him with a menu and he asks for 2 more, as he has 2 friends who will be joining him. Sure thing. I drop another 2 menus on the bar. I knew his friends had arrived when I heard someone yell a greeting across the restaurant, as if they were outdoors or in their own living room. The table I'd been dropping food off to looked up, startled. I gave them an awkward smile and turned to watch the three men greet each other. I approached the bar and took their drink order. Easy enough. I grabbed 3 beers and placed them on the bar. Then things got busy. 
 When things pick up one of the other bartenders will usually take that little sliver of bar where the three men were sitting. This particular bartender is extremely friendly, even when people are acting like douche-bags. As I was standing at the front of the restaurant, she approached me and gave me their food order, mentioning something about not wanting to deal with them anymore. 
 "What happened?" I asked. 
 "They were talking about wanting to buy a t-shirt, then said they wanted  my  shirt, like, off of my back." 
 I could feel my blood starting to simmer. "What?? They said they wanted  your  shirt?" 
 They implied they wanted her to take off  her  shirt. She told them that was inappropriate, and the ringleader replied with "Sorry if I offended you." 
 Now my blood was boiling. 
 As calmly as I could, I approached the three men. At this point I wasn't sure of who said what, since apparently they were  all  involved, so I did it like this: 
 "Listen, whichever one of you made an inappropriate comment to the other bartender, don't let it happen again. She was extremely offended and we can kick you out for things like that." Of course they scrambled to defend themselves, mumbling about just wanting to buy a shirt, blah, blah, blah. A women and her husband next to them stepped in, claiming they did nothing wrong. I then said if that is the case then I am the one who is sorry,  but  please be careful how you word things.  I was looking out for one of my own.  "I totally understand," the woman said. Case closed, right? Of course not. 
 I continued to take care of the men, a few more minutes went by, then the ringleader spoke again. "Excuse me, are you the bartender?" 
 "No, I'm not." 
 "Then why did you come over here giving us  shit?  " 
 "You offended one of my bartenders, sir. Then I even made an apology to  you  saying if you didn't mean anything by it, that's fine, but to please watch how you word things." 
 He then asked for my manager, complained, tried to get him to take care of the bill. No, no, and no. My manager said once he was close to the man it looked like he'd been drinking before he arrived at our bar. I hadn't noticed anything more than his stupidity. More time passed, blah, blah, blah, he rudely asked me if he could pay. "Sure!" I said. Good, get the hell out. Of course I wasn't expecting a tip after his experience. 
 But what I really wasn 't expecting was the word "Bitch" to be sloppily scrawled where a tip would normally be.  He left before I even had time to see it. Coward. His friends stayed though, and after the ringleader was gone they were all "please" and "thank you" and "yes ma'am". 
 I believe in karma, scumbag. And it  will  come for you. I also believe in standing up for yourself, defending yourself or others you care for. And if that warrants me a bitch, then so be it. 
 31 Comments 
 Filed under  Job ,  Uncategorized 
 Tagged as  airport ,  alcohol ,  annoying ,  bartender ,  customers ,  disrespectful ,  job ,  respect ,  rude 
 June 29, 2011 * 4:34 am 
 Thank you, alma mater, for the BA….oh, and the TICKET. 
 
 YEAH! 
 Thanks for not giving me the speeding ticket. Thanks for not issuing those other 8 tickets you were apparently going to give me. (At least you didn't force me to ride my bike home, after you spotted it in the back seat.) But I'm sorry my front license plate got ripped off in a car wash and had to be temporarily stuffed between my dashboard and windshield. And I'm glad the frame celebrating me as an "alumni" of my university on the back license plate is illegal. It's Tuesday and this week already blows. 
 My phone has been blowing up daily with emails from banks suggesting I would make a great financial adviser based off my resume that shows no previous experience in the profession, and shady-sounding companies asking me to "work from home" and deliver packages that are guaranteed to be "drug and weapon free". Right. I shouldn't be handling the finances of others with five bucks in my wallet,and shipping what is probably someone's stolen kidneys to another country isn't where I saw myself in ten years. Back to the drawing board, and much more suffering to be done over my attempt at writing this book. 
 In other news: 
 This deer ALMOST ate out of my hand. Not that I'm sure I really wanted him to. But it would have been pretty awesome. (Check the sports bra and running shoes, post bike ride to feed the gnarly-looking kitties on Peace Pipe Way. I am the official cat lady of the Poconos.) 
 
 He was a big fatty. Saved none for the rest of them. 
 Leave a comment 
 Filed under  Jobs ,  Uncategorized 
 Tagged as  job ,  mountains ,  vacation 
 
 
 
 
 Like what you see? 
 
 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 6,170 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Give me more! 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
 a poet to her son 
 Of Me 
 About Me 
 shapeshifting 
 Mothers 
 Letter to Someone 
 My Grandfather Who Lingers Still 
 
 
 
 Chirpin'  
 
 Rebirth   wordsandotherthings.wordpress.com/2020/06/17/reb…   7 months ago 
 movement   wordsandotherthings.wordpress.com/2020/05/13/mov…   8 months ago 
 Rituals   wordsandotherthings.wordpress.com/2020/01/06/rit…   https://t.co/D83sdEEEKv   1 year ago 
 Obsessions   wordsandotherthings.wordpress.com/2019/03/19/obs…   https://t.co/UQ9hzEf65F   1 year ago 
 I have some exciting news to share!   wordsandotherthings.wordpress.com/2018/04/03/i-h…   2 years ago 
 Follow @nicolepasq 
 
 
 
 Read These Words 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   Nicole Marie 
 
 Rebirth 
 movement 
 yesterday I wanted flowers 
 
 
 
 
 
 Copyright Notice 
 
 
 © wordsandotherthings, 2011. Unauthorized use and/or duplication of written material and photographs without express and written permission from this blog’s author and/or owner is strictly prohibited. Excerpts and links may be used, provided that full and clear credit is given to wordsandotherthings with appropriate and specific direction to the original content. 
 
 
 
 
 
 anger   annoying   anxiety   baby   bartender   beauty   beer   birthday   body image   childhood   christmas   confidence   contest   creative   creative writing   customers   daily prompt   darkness   death   depression   Edward Hotspur   excerpt   exercise   family   fiction   fitness   flash fiction   funeral   funny   grandfather   grief   Halloween   holiday   home   horror   inspiration   life   loss   love   memories   memory   morning   mother   motherhood   motivation   mountains   music   musings   NaNoWriMo   nature   novel   philadelphia   Philadelphia Stories   Poconos   poem   poetry   prize   reading   relationships   romance   romantic monday   rude   running   sadness   self   short fiction   short story   son   unremembered   vacation   wedding   wordsandotherthings   writing   Yeah Write   youtube 
  * she is confidence in shadows. 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 MagicMama 
 Eyes + Words 
 Little Fears 
 Tales of humour, whimsy and courgettes 
 The Write Idea 
 a creative writing notebook by Bill Bisgood 
 TBN Media 
 she is confidence in shadows. 
 GentleKindness 
 Healing Truth Artistry 
 Portraits of a Ghost 
 Lovely Curses 
 Every "fairytale" love story begins with a curse 
 Northern Nevermore 
 So that I can live the life I want to, even if it's not real. 
 afternoonstorm 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
