Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Statistical Analyst 
 Western University 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 About Western 
 Since 1878, Western University has been committed to serving our communities through the pursuit of academic excellence and by providing students, faculty, and community members with life-long opportunities for intellectual, social, and cultural growth. We seek excellent students, faculty, and staff to join us in what has become known as the "Western Experience" - an opportunity to contribute to a better world through the development of new knowledge, new abilities, new connections, and new ways to make a difference. 
 About Us 
 The Department of Medicine possesses a strong track record of academic excellence. We attract the best and brightest students, residents, and fellows, because of our excellent faculty and staff, innovative teaching methods and diverse learning experiences in an environment that is supportive and nurturing. Our faculty and trainees are passionate about ensuring the consistent delivery of patient centered care, including safety and quality. We are part of a larger healthcare system that works to deliver the health solutions that people require in London and Southwestern Ontario. The Department of Medicine works closely with academic hospitals, the Southwest Local Health Integrated Network and community physicians and partners to achieve accessible and sustainable healthcare for all. 
 Responsibilities 
 The Department of Medicine (DOM) seeks a detail-oriented and statistically adept individual to assist Department of Medicine researchers in the design of experimental surveys, clinical study design, sample size calculations, data analysis and actionable and statistically robust conclusions from the analysis. The successful candidate should be highly familiar with and able to: provide direction and support to DOM researchers in design and field experimental surveys, managing, cleaning and transforming numerical and other data, generating descriptive statistics and performing a variety of statistical analysis. The inclubment will also assist researchers with interpreting their results and translating findings into appropriate formats for written and oral presentations as well as publications. 
 Within the Department of Medicine, research is conducted by senior investigators, new and mid-career faculty, and post- graduate trainees. An ability to work with thes various types of investigators is essential. In addition, the incumbent would provide teaching and ongoing workships on experimental design, data organization and archiving and statistical analysis to trainees and new faculty. 
 Required skills: 
PhD in statistics or biostatistics or an equivalent combination of education and experience 
Experience in most of the tools, SAS, Stat, SQL, R, MS Office Suite, SPSS 
Ability to manage numerical data 
Ability to perform statistical analysis 
Ability to form and present results, including clear interpretations 
Ability to prioritize projects with competing deadlines 
Ability to manage time and resources, work independently and effectively as a team member to achieve department goals 
Communication skills to describe concepts effectively to both novice and sophisticated users 
Must be able to travel between Hospital, University and Research Institute sites within London 
May occasionally need to work outside regular business hours. 
Applying at Western 
 To ensure that your application is given full consideration, please complete all relevant sections of the application. In addition, you can choose to supplement your application with a cover letter and current resume. 
 Consideration of applicants will include an assessment of previous performance, experience, and qualifications. Applicants should have oral communication skills in English. 
 Western Values Diversity 
 The University invites applications from all qualified individuals. Western is committed to employment equity and diversity in the workplace and welcomes applications from women, members of racialized groups/visible minorities, Aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, persons of any sexual orientation, and persons of any gender identity or gender expression. 
 Accommodations are available for applicants with disabilities throughout the recruitment process. If you require accommodations for interviews or other meetings, please contact Human Resources at hrhelp@uwo.ca or phone 519-661-2194. 
 Please Note: 
We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those chosen for an interview will be acknowledged. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
