  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Oldham, England 
 Rate:  Up to £32272 per annum 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Assistant Accountant 
 Job title: Assistant Accountant - reconciliations 
Location: Oldham, OL9 
Start Date: January 2021 
Contract Type: FTC 9 months 
Weekly Hours: 37 hours per week 
Work Pattern: Monday - Friday, 09:00am - 05:00pm 
About the role 
We have an exciting opportunity for an Assistant Accountant- Reconciliations to join a Balance Sheet Reconciliations Team for a client in Oldham, on a 9 Month Fixed Term Contract (with scope to extend further). 
 Reporting to the Financial Control (R2R) Manager, you will work alongside a Reconciliations Accountant and Reconciliations Officer to deliver a high quality reconciliations process in accordance with agreed timescales and in line with accounting standards. 
You will be responsible for 
, Analyse and interpret key financial information to support the accurate and timely production of the Balance Sheet reconciliations, taking action to resolve queries by dealing with appropriate stakeholders 
, Develop a thorough understanding of the business processes impacting the Balance sheet reconciliations to recommend process improvements or enhanced controls. 
, Implement or enhance internal controls to ensure process and financial risks are mitigated. 
, Contribute to projects to deliver continuous improvement in the delivery of financial operations. 
Essential Criteria 
You'll not only be experienced in reconciling accounts, but you'll also have vast experience of using Microsoft Excel at an intermediate/advanced level and have a passion for data analysis. 
 You'll also be able to demonstrate: 
, Good working knowledge of accounting fundamentals. 
, Ability to analyse and manipulate data (component accounting extracts). 
, Good understanding of internal financial controls. 
, Good attention to detail with ability to prioritise and manage a varied workload to meet agreed deadlines. 
, Part qualified CCAB/CIMA accountant 
If you are interested in this position and meet the above criteria, please send you CV now for consideration. 
If you require any additional information regarding the position, please call Ryan at Service Care Solutions on 01772 208 966 or send an E-Mail to ryan.curwen@servicecare.org.uk 
 
 
 Start:  January 2021 
 
 
 Duration:  FTC 9 months 
 
 
 Rate:  Up to £32272 per annum 
 
 
 Location:  Oldham, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Accountancy 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772208966 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-17 17:08:52 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Mobile Cleaner 
 Street Scene Operative 
 Senior Digital Forensic Specialist, Cell Site Analysis (Police) 
 Registered Manager - Short Break's Centre 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse - York 
 Family Paralegal 
 Covid-19 Project Manager 
 Health and Safety Advisor 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Mental Health Support Worker  
 Joiner 
 Support Worker  
 Reablement Support Worker 
 Electrical Inspector 
 Electrical Technical Officer 
 Technical Officer 
 Food Safety Manager 
 Environmental Health Manager 
 Forensic Mental Health Support Worker 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
