Workable 
 
 
 Workable is effective recruiting software for teams 
 
 
 learn more 
 
 
 home 
 
 
 subscribe 
 
 
 free 15 day trial 
 
 
 home 
 Workable integrates with Jobs on Facebook for easier, high-volume hiring 
 Rob Long  |  Workable features  | September 24, 2018September 27, 2018 
 
 If you hire at volume for entry-level or customer-facing roles, job boards are still the most economical and effective sourcing tool around. Which is why we’re so excited to announce our integration with Facebook’s new, free job board, Jobs on Facebook. 
 Jobs on Facebook is a game-changing addition to our existing job board portfolio. Now, you can  advertise jobs on Facebook  -- to up to 2 billion potential applicants on the world’s largest social network -- in one click. All without leaving Workable. 
 A vast, untapped candidate pool 
 New to the market, Jobs on Facebook provides  a centralized jobs dashboard  which harnesses the power of Facebook’s vast and loyal social network. It makes it easier for businesses to reach and hire the right applicants by connecting companies to high volumes of potential employees who visit the site every day. 
 Candidates can bookmark the dashboard and search by job type or industry to find nearby roles that match. Job posts are also boosted to relevant audiences through targeted ads, which appear automatically in Marketplace and News Feeds. 
 With its extensive, targeted reach, the Jobs on Facebook job board is ideal for high volume hiring. And particularly good news for small or medium-sized businesses with multiple new roles to fill. Most Facebook users aren’t active job seekers. And, yet, a  2017 Economic Impact Report  shows that 1 in 4 people in the US searched or found a job through the site. Jobs on Facebook puts businesses directly in touch with an untapped, rich and regular pool of active  and  passive talent. And it enables companies to connect with this talent directly from an environment that’s familiar and accessible. 
 Post jobs to up to 2 billion potential candidates in one click 
 With our one-time setup, there’s no need to log in and out to access Facebook’s vast network of users. You can post to Facebook’s free job board (and  our other integrated job boards ) directly from Workable, in one click. Simply fill in a few small details on the integrations settings page of your Workable account, and that’s it. With that in place, every time you publish a new role it automatically appears on Facebook's free jobs dashboard (although it’s easy to opt out on a per job basis if you want to). Any applications submitted through Facebook feed automatically back into your Workable account, where you can view and track them. No fiddly exports or downloads needed. 
 A seamless experience for candidates 
 The process is equally as seamless and straightforward for candidates. Optimized for mobile, users can search and apply for jobs on-the-go, while they’re browsing the site. Applications are submitted directly from Facebook via a simple, clear ‘Apply’ button. Much of the information is pre-filled, but it's easy to add or remove data before it's sent. 
 By making it so easy for candidates to apply, businesses stand a better chance of attracting a bigger pool of qualified candidates. And a better chance of hiring successfully at scale. 
 Ready to integrate? 
 It only takes a few minutes to set up and use Facebook Jobs with Workable. All you need to provide is a company address. If you’ve got a Facebook Business page then it helps to add that too, but it’s not essential. For more details on this, and other pointers, check out our  Jobs on Facebook support article . And remember, we’re here to answer any questions or provide more info whenever you need it—just  get in touch . 
 Share 
 
 Looking for an all-in-one recruiting solution? Workable can improve candidate sourcing, interviewing and applicant tracking for a streamlined hiring process. Sign up for our 15-day free trial today. 
 Get a free trial 
 Rob Long 
 Rob Long is VP Partnerships at Workable. He's a former recruiter who writes mostly about hiring best practice. He tweets at  @_roblong . 
 Get jargon-free hiring advice 
 Latest in this category 
 
 Grow stronger engineering teams with HackerRank and Workable 
 To find and hire in-demand developers with the right skill set for your team, evaluation n... 
 Read more 
 
 Introducing Workable 2.0 – and the future of hiring 
 The next time you log in to Workable, if you haven’t already, you'll notice the enti... 
 Read more 
 
 Five big reasons to put employee referrals back on the radar 
 The benefits of employee referral programs are well-known. They’re one of the best ways of... 
 Read more 
 Recruiting software for ambitious companies 
 From candidate sourcing to applicant tracking and structured interviews, 
Workable is trusted by over 6000 companies to streamline their recruiting. 
 learn more 
 Get jargon-free hiring advice 
 from our recruitment experts 
