Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Product Owner/Business Analyst 
 Riva CRM Integration 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Product Owner/Business Analyst - Edmonton AB 
 We are looking for a passionate and driven Business Analyst to join our Product Management team and become part of our Riva Team, in Edmonton Alberta! 
 First, WHAT’S IN IT FOR YOU? 
 Opportunity for Growth! We are continually growing and have doubled in size in the past two years. We project the same rate of growth in the coming years! 
 Amazing Culture! You won’t find a more welcoming team. We build each other up and work together to be part of the solution. We celebrate diversity; there are over 25 nations represented in our Edmonton office alone! 
 Professional Development! We have a progressive professional development program. We strongly encourage and support our team members to improve daily through formal education and training. You will be working alongside industry leaders as we work to build the future. 
 A Fun Workplace! We get it, you invest a lot of your time at work, so we like to have fun too! Fun Shirt Fridays, Bagel Breakfasts for Birthdays, Game Nights, BBQ’s, are just a few of the ways we do it! 
 And…of course, we offer a competitive salary and benefits! 
 Does this sound like a team you want to join? Read on! 
 WHO ARE YOU? 
 You are a go-getter who takes enjoys working as part of a team. You have a knack and passion for all things technology. You enjoy working as a part of a team and use your creativity to solve complex problems. You strive to deliver customer delight through your excellent communication skills. You are professional and lead with integrity. Most importantly, you are driven to continually improve and grow! 
 WHAT WILL YOU BE DOING? 
 Reporting to the Chief Technology Officer, as the Product Owner/Business Analyst you will be a key contributor in our product development. Leveraging your agile product development, technology, client engagement, and management experience, you will work in a fast-paced entrepreneurial environment. You will work closely with product leadership and all company stakeholders including our Riva Success, Riva Client Engagement, Riva On-Premise, Riva Cloud, Riva Insight, Riva for Developers, and related teams 
 More specifically, your duties may include: 
Working closely with the product management team to plan, develop, promote, and showcase Riva products and services; 
Contributing to the planning, execution, and review of each sprint, including documenting product features, user story creation, release schedules, and product roll-out; 
Organising workshops and educational presentations for employees on upcoming releases, features, roadmaps and other Company initiatives; 
Create supporting documentation that clearly demonstrates feature resolution and/or enhancement to be delivered solves the business problem identified; 
Through customer feedback and research, helping to identify and prioritize enhancements, features, functionality, and improved short- and long-term integrations that support Riva's development strategies; 
Gathering market information, identifying, pursuing, and building relationships with potential vertical and horizontal market leaders; 
Working with the support team, Q/A team, and the developers to identify, replicate, confirm, and communicate bugs and implement recommendations of bug fixes to the developer team for remediation; 
Providing advice and leadership on strategy, marketing, policy, management, security, service delivery, and related information technology services; and 
Other duties as assigned. 
WHAT DO YOU BRING? 
 A University Degree in business, technology, computer science or a related field; 
2+ years’ experience working in a product environment; 
Experience working within the software development life-cycle (SLDC); 
Cross-functional leadership skills and a user-centered design process; 
Thrive working with engineers and designers in an agile, fast-paced environment; 
Must be able to communicate fluently in written and spoken English. 
 Bonus Points For: 
Experience or knowledge of the financial industry; 
Experience with Design/Lean UX/Prototyping/Content Creation 
Secondary Language Skills 
 ABOUT RIVA 
 In an ever-changing world, future-looking businesses are investing in digital transformation to capture a 360-degree view of all customer interactions to improve their growth, profitability, user satisfaction, and customer retention. Riva is an Edmonton-based software development company with solutions that help companies gather, discover, analyze, relate and harmonize customer interaction data across multiple sources, business units, and geographies. 
 Riva’s Edmonton locations are home to 80 of Riva’s 130 global staff members. Riva’s regional offices in Pictou, Nova Scotia; Silicon Valley; Munich; London; Paris; and Sydney provide global coverage and support for Riva’s extended partner channel and customer base. 
 ABOUT RIVA's CUSTOMERS 
 Riva’s customers include 15 of the world’s largest banks, all of the Canadian Big Five banks, 50+ Fortune 500 companies, and fast-growing companies of all sizes from around the world. As part of their digital transformation journey, these customers trust Riva’s solutions to surface the right customer intelligence to the right people, at the right time, on the right devices. Riva help customers meet their client data security, scalability, privacy, compliance, customer support, and standard of care requirements. 
 Recent Awards and Recognition Include: 
2019 PwC Vision to Reality – Edmonton Region 
 Deloitte North America Technology Fast 500™ companies – past two years 
 Canadian Business of the Year Award – past three years 
 Three Stevie Customer Satisfaction Awards – past three years 
 EY Entrepreneur of the Year Finalist – 2017 & 2019 
 2017 Alberta Venture Fast Growth 50 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
