Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Industrial Maintenance Mechanic 
 Span Medical Products Canada 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Span Medical Products Canada (SMPC) manufactures nursing home beds for the North American market and has been a supplier of medical devices for 104 years. Our facility of 100 associates is located in the heart of Ontario's wine producing region at Beamsville. SMPC produces beds using metal fabrication, welding, robotic welding, paint and assembly processes in our 50,000 square foot facility. We have a great team through all facets of the business and have a growth strategy that supports development of our people. 
 We are looking for a Licenced Maintenance Mechanic to join our team on the afternoon shift. 
 Monday to Thursday – 3:15pm to 1:15am. 
 Position responsibilities include; 
 
 Troubleshoot and resolve equipment, machinery, interior and exterior building maintenance issues. 
 
 Minimum expectation for electrical is; 
 o Ability to troubleshoot PLCs; Omron and Allen Bradley. 
 o Determine blown fuses and replacing, repair/replace 120 volt plugs. 
 o Lock-out procedures to/and change mechanical components such as belts, couplings, chains, rollers, bearings, bushings, fasteners. 
 o Change electrical components such as drives, motors, controls. 
 Minimum expectations for pneumatics and hydraulics are; 
 o Trouble shoots and replaces faulty components such as fluid lines, valves, palm buttons, cylinders, and lubricators. 
 
 
 Adjust process to achieve optimal equipment performance. 
 
 
 Perform mechanical disassembly, repair and reassembly. 
 
 
 Ensure preventative maintenance program is maintained as per schedule 
 
 
 Source components and repair services as required 
 
 
 Understand, participate and comply with Span Medical Product’s Health and Safety Program. 
 
 
 Understands all shop floor equipment - set-up, programming and operating procedures. 
 
 
 Fabricate carts, racks, equipment from drawings and/or as directed 
 
 
 Team Lead for one employee performing maintenance duties. 
 
 
 Train Level 1 & 2 Maintenance Mechanics on maintenance process and procedures and daily maintenance activities, as required. 
 
 
 Maintain good housekeeping and safety standards, as specified. 
 
 
 To be successful in this role, we are seeking; 
 
 
 Successful completion of Industrial Mechanic – Millwright trades certification. 
 
 
 Up to 5 years in production/facility industrial maintenance. 
 
 
 Experience in programming and troubleshooting PLCs, Omron and Allen Bradley 
 
 
 Must possess valid electric reach and/or propane fork lift truck license. 
 
 
 Ability to follow instructions, good manual dexterity, read drawings and fill-out provided documents. 
 
 
 Willingness to train in quality processes, safety, product assembly and support activities. 
 
 
 Must be able to perform physical requirements of the position, with or without accommodations, including lifting up to 20 kgs, working at heights, bending, twisting, turning, reaching and use of both hands. 
 
 
 Computer literate and ability to learn the Visual Maintenance system easily. 
 
 
 Excellent communication skills, both verbal and written with all levels of the organization. 
 
 
 Must be able to operate in a self-managed team environment. 
 
 
 If you are interested in joining our team, please submit your resume in confidence. 
 In accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act, Span Medical Products Canada is committed to accommodating individual needs of applicants with disabilities throughout the recruitment process. Please call Human Resources at 905-563-8264 or email, if you require an accommodation to ensure your equal participation during the recruitment and selection process. 
 Job Type: Full-time 
 Benefits: 
 
 Dental care 
 Disability insurance 
 Extended health care 
 Vision care 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 10 hour shift 
 No weekends 
 
 Experience: 
 
 Industrial Mechanic: 3 years (Required) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 Maintenance Mechanic (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 COVID-19 precaution(s): 
 
 Remote interview process 
 Personal protective equipment provided or required 
 Temperature screenings 
 Social distancing guidelines in place 
 Sanitizing, disinfecting, or cleaning procedures in place 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
