Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 7 Things Workers Worry About Regarding Employment 
 Noel Romero    16th October    Career   Leave a Comment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=7%20Things%20Workers%20Worry%20About%20Regarding%20Employment%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fcareer%2F7-things-workers-worry-about-regarding-employment%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 When you're running a company, you need to take care of a variety of issues. Everything from financial to production issues is at the top of the list of business leaders. However, there is also one lesser spoken area that needs to be tended to if a company wants to survive and thrive. That includes employee concerns and how to address those concerns. The reality is that when employees are worried about areas of their employment, they are less likely to be productive throughout the day. As you can already tell by now, less productivity equals less revenue. Therefore the following includes seven things that workers in a company tend to worry about in terms of their employment. 
 Sub-Par Communication 
 It's safe to say that most issues that occur at the workplace come not from the actual decision being made by business leaders but rather from the way things are communicated. When a company begins to grow, so does the gap between the company and the employees. This causes any concerns from your employees to take months or even years to get to the top. However, by then, the damage has been done. Some of the issues that employees will worry about can differ from everything between their working conditions to the  analyst price targets  of the company. Thus it is paramount that business leaders take the time to make communication more efficient for their employees. 
 Benefits Programs 
 This is another very real and common concern of employees. When employers bring in benefits, they are doing so to take care of their employees and ensure that their turnover rate isn't too high. However, it is common for businesses to overlook their budget and choose to reduce some employee benefits. Although these cutbacks are sometimes necessary to keep the company alive, it should not be done in such a rapid manner. Going back to communication, the news of these cutbacks should be presented in an informative manner. 
 Workplace Conditions 
 Let's face it, nobody wants to go to work at a building that is less than adequate for working. When it comes to workplace conditions, there are a number of areas that may cause some concerns for employees. Let's begin with safety as that must always be at the top of your list. Employees are often concerned with their safety when moving around your business. Are they going to be injured or exposed to something dangerous? Some employees might be concerned about other areas such as your company's ability to deliver  proper internet connection . As you can see, the concern of workplace conditions can be very broad and must be looked over properly. 
 Micro and Excessive Management 
 Earlier, we spoke about the issues that arise when a company grows. Communication is certainly one of those issues but also the manner in which you manage your employees. Employees are often concerned about how much and how often they are being managed. This type of management style tends to worsen productivity rather than help it. In addition, employees will not bring this manner to attention as they may be too afraid to do so. 
 HR Department 
 When employees begin to work for a company, they expect their  HR department  to be a place where they can receive quick and accurate answers to their concerns. The department's reputation can greatly be reduced when it's not efficiently run by the company and those working within it. 
 Payment Equality 
 When employees are placed in a certain position, they are often concerned about receiving equal payment compared to their co-workers. It should be noted that this issue can be found within companies that tend to have large groups of people that do similar jobs. 
 Favoritism 
 If there is one way to reduce your company's productivity and reputation, it's by having favorites. Yes, you can shed a spotlight on those who are going above and beyond, but they should never be provided more opportunities to grow than others. Employees are always looking at this aspect of management and may be concern about this type of issue from arising. 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 _ _ Email Post 
 _ _ Print Post 
 Share Post 
 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     What Relationships Can Teach Us About the World of Work  
  _ _     8 Ways to Make the Most of a Conference  
  _ _     6 Surefire Ways to Fail at Your Next Interview  
 
 Discussion 
 
 0 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 No Comments yet, be the first! 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
