Nerdy Book Club 
 
 
 About 
 Nerdy Book Awards 
 
 2011 Nerdy Book Awards 
 2012 Nerdy Book Awards 
 2013 Nerdy Book Awards 
 2014 Nerdy Book Awards 
 2015 Nerdy Book Awards 
 2016 Nerdy Book Awards 
 2017 Nerdy Book Awards 
 2018 Nerdy Book Awards 
 
 
 Posts
 
 Reading Lives 
 Author Posts 
 New Book Reviews 
 Retro Reviews 
 Pay It Forward 
 Top Ten Lists 
 Surprise Sunday 
 Polls 
 Nerdy Site News 
 
 
 The Nerdy Bookcast 
 WANT TO BE A NERDY BLOGGER? 
 Store 
 
 Home  »  Top Ten Lists  » TOP TEN Ways NerdCampMI Saved Our Professional Careers by Jennifer Sniadecki, Melanie Roy, and Kelly Vorhis 
 July 20 
 Tags 
 
 @jdsniadecki 
 @kelvorhis 
 @mrsmelanieroy 
 Jennifer Sniadecki 
 Kelly D. Vorhis 
 Melanie Roy 
 
 TOP TEN Ways NerdCampMI Saved Our Professional Careers by Jennifer Sniadecki, Melanie Roy, and Kelly Vorhis 
 Posted by  CBethM  on July 20, 2017 in  Top Ten Lists  |  14 Comments 
 NerdCampMI is an “ed camp” annual event where teachers from all over the country (and the world!) meet in Parma, Michigan to learn together with authors, illustrators, and other fabulous educators. We feel that the event is hands-down the best summer professional development out there. Nerd Camp Michigan started 5 years ago and has grown – hosting 1600 teachers, librarians, authors, illustrators, and creators of books this summer! Melanie Roy, a library teacher in Rhode Island, Kelly Vorhis, a high school English teacher in Indiana, and Jennifer Sniadecki, a middle school teacher/librarian in Indiana talked about how NerdCampMI saved their professional careers over a hotel breakfast, anxiously and excitedly preparing for the two-day event. 
 Jennifer 's Learning: 
 
 NerdCampMI made me a better reader. 
 
 I registered for this year's Nerd Camp in February. I knew it was going to be THE way to meet authors and illustrators of my favorite books. I also knew there were hundreds of books out there that I hadn't even heard of yet. As authors were added to the program, I looked up their titles and biographies. Learning about the authors' and illustrators' personal stories makes me want to read the books even more. I can pass that passion and interest on to my students, and they can become better readers, too. 
 Jennifer’s book stack after NerdCampMI 
 
 NerdCampMI made me a better reading teacher. 
 
 If I know how to read better, I can pass on my own learning. My vocabulary is stronger, and I teach students how to find definitions and use words more successfully in their own reading and writing lives. My own knowledge of historical events stepped up when I read more nonfiction with my students in social studies class. My students read more at school, and request books from the library to take home with them (practicing reading and sharing books with families). My students know what ARCs are, and asked me to bring some home for them. (ARCs are Advanced Reader Copies, which are promotional materials -- people can read and review the books before the publish date.) Kids LOVE to be the  first  to read new books – students tell their parents, “It's not even out yet, but WE got to read it!” My students are excited about reading; that's the ultimate goal. 
 Debbie Ohi gives Jess Keating’s What Makes a Monster (due out August 8, 2017) a thumbs-up! 
 
 NerdCampMI made me a better advocate for literacy education. 
 
 The conversations inside (and outside) the sessions at Nerd Camp made me want to speak loudly about the need for choice in the classroom, the need for independent reading in the classroom, and the need to read diverse books in schools and at home. My favorite part of NerdCampMI this year was the pre-conference panel on “30 Reasons You Need Diverse Books In Your Classroom.” What an eye-opening experience! The speakers were awesome, real, intelligent, and funny. I also have a whole new TBR (To-Be-Read) list to tackle this fall. I will continue to speak and write about literacy issues in education. That's my biggest take-away from NerdCampMI. 
 Donalyn Miller talks literacy at an informal gathering 
 Melanie 's Learning: 
 
 NerdCampMI plants seeds. 
 
 I came away with ideas from sessions that changed my teaching for the better. I am so grateful for last year’s session about getting more books into colleagues’ hands. Although it didn’t have the impact on colleagues that I had hoped for, my weekly book recommendation blog was a game changer for kids, families and me. Sometimes these things take on a life of their own. Last week I was pleasantly surprised when a teacher stopped me to say the ideas from last year’s Mock Newbery session completely changed her teaching for the better. Seriously. She whipped out her phone and showed me a video of her students’ reacting to their Mock Newbery winner. It was amazing! And I’m not sure why I was surprised. That’s the power of bringing like-minded people together to explore and discuss topics close to our hearts. 
 Nerds in a Van - Josh Funk, Erika Victor, Danya Safran, Ammi-Joan Paquette, Lauren Castillo, and Melanie 
 
 NerdCampMI may just be the best PD of your career. 
 
 When you work for a school system, you sit through the professional development  they  provide. Sometimes it’s relevant to you and sometimes you come away inspired. But it doesn’t happen often enough. At NerdCampMI you get to choose the topics you  want  to learn more about, and you are invested. When you learn about a topic you hadn’t given thought to before and are excited to explore, you are growing.  And  you get to sit in a room full of people who also believe it was important enough to give up their summer time to be there. The worst part is knowing there are at least 6 other sessions you wish you could attend at the exact same time, but that is the best problem to have! And thank goodness for the notes from every session to look back and reflect on later. 
 
 NerdCampMI is filled to the brim with authors and illustrators who are just as happy to be meeting you. 
 
 How many of your colleagues are on a first name basis with authors and illustrators? I would bet very few. And the thing about meeting authors and illustrators? It never gets old. Because what you learn at NerdCampMI is that authors and illustrators are just really incredible human beings. They look at educators as  their  heroes, and are filled with praise for the work we do. When author Josh Funk saw me “fan-girling” over Donalyn Miller and her family in the hotel lobby he teasingly said, “Relax. They’re just people.” Yes, Josh, but they’re my very favorite kind of people! And I still have a hard time “keeping it cool.” When you meet authors and illustrators, you bring an enthusiasm back to your students that is infectious. It helps build that reading community within your classroom and school. 
 Dev Petty, Melanie, and Lauren Eldridge with the new book, Claymates. 
 _Kelly 's Learning: _ 
 
 NerdCampMI is a bright light in the darkness of educational mandates and programs. 
 
 The organizers of NerdCampMI, namely Colby and Alaina Sharp, Donalyn Miller, Sue Haney, Suzanne Woolworth, Jess Keating, Suzanne and Stan Gibbs, and the staff at Western Schools of Parma, Michigan are the most positive, creative, organized people, and it’s so nice to share time with them talking about literacy education. Also, BookBug Independent Book Sellers and all the supporters who gave time, effort, and money to the cause are awesome and make us smile. NerdCampJr, an evening with kids of all ages who were excited to meet authors and illustrators and received their own books, was the icing on the cake! Everyone was there for the kids. Kids who read rock! 
 
 NerdCampMI provides me with the research. 
 
 One of the things I love about NerdCampMI is the fact that everything is steeped in research. It doesn’t matter at what level an educator teaches, studies have been conducted, surveys have been given, and data has been collected. I have found that with each year I attend, more and more educators are conducting their own action research studies in the classroom, which I find fascinating. Sharing the results of these studies with each other as we continue our work in our classrooms and buildings is so very important. As Donalyn Miller’s blog post states, “I’ve Got Research, How ‘bout You?” 
 
 NerdCampMI feels like a “home away from home.” 
 
 In 2015 I drove two hours north to participate in my first NerdCampMI. I walked into a building alone knowing that once inside I’d be surrounded by friends even though I’d never met ninety-five percent of them in person. You see, these “friends” were, and are, part of my PLN, and without them, I wouldn’t still be in the classroom today. When I walked into that building in Parma, Michigan, it literally felt like coming home. I was welcomed by friends whose names and faces I recognized and felt as if I’d known them my entire life. Each year my “family” grows and I am so very thankful for each and every one of them. 
 Jennifer Sniadecki, Kelly, and Sandy Otto 
 Donalyn Miller with Kelly 
 Melanie, Kelly, and Jennifer agree -- The NUMBER ONE way that NerdCampMI saved our professional careers is… 
 
 NerdCampMI has the most amazing energy! 
 
 There is nothing like being in a room full of people who love kids and kid lit the way you do. Let’s face it: most people in your everyday life are slightly bemused by your enthusiasm, but don’t quite get it. Most of the time you feel kind of alone. When you come together with these “nerds,” you recharge your batteries to get ready for another school year. And it works. You look around and know that you’re not alone. And it’s the best feeling in the whole world. 
 Jennifer Sniadecki will start her 21st year in education as a School Librarian in South Bend, Indiana, and she cannot be more excited about the opportunity. She is an avid reader, and will read anything the Nerdy Book Club or her friends recommend. She especially loves middle grade novels and her middle school students who read them. Jennifer can be found on Twitter, and contributes to #g2great chats for fun. Check out her posts at @jdsniadecki or on her blog, http://www.readingteacherwrites.com . 
 Kelly D. Vorhis teaches high school English in Nappanee, Indiana, and is passionate about literacy, books and project-based learning. She is a strong advocate for student choice in reading and writing in her classroom. Kelly always has a book with her so she’ll never find herself with a ‘book emergency.’ She can be found on Twitter at @kelvorhis, on Facebook at Kelly Vorhis, and on Instagram at Kelly D. Vorhis. 
 Melanie Roy is a former 4th grade teacher and current teacher librarian for grades 4 and 5 in Barrington, RI. She is passionate about creating lifelong readers through choice and student voice. She happily reads aloud to her five-year-old son every night using the hashtag #bedtimebookaday. You can find Melanie on Twitter at @mrsmelanieroy or visit her library blog at hmslibraryri.wordpress.com. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 <- THE SUMMER OF OWEN TODD by Tony Abbott   Leading with Reading or How I Found a Career that Nurtured my Book Addiction by Liz Garden -> 
 14 Comments 
 
 Sue Hill July 20, 2017 
 
 Oh my goodness! You three took my thoughts and feelings about nErDCampMI and created a beautiful piece! I'll bet there's not another attendee who doesn't feel the same way. One thing I'd like to add, especially after the panel and sessions on diversity I attended: I felt so thankful for the willingness of folks to open themselves up and become completely vulnerable in order that others could understand the challenges of being a minority. There were more than a few tears shed by speakers and listeners alike. The rawness and authenticity of the speakers touched my heart in ways I can't begin to explain. In reflecting on those two precious days, my biggest take-away was my gratitude for the mirrors that brought me face-to-face with some very uncomfortable truths. That indeed, I've been given a completely unearned privilege just because I was born with fair skin and was attracted to members of the opposite sex, raised as a Christian in a Christian majority country. In regard to planting seeds, these speakers in particular sowed new thoughts and feelings in me. I left wanting to to listen more deeply to others, wanting to help break down barriers, wanting to work together to change the world for my own family and for all of my students. As people shared their experiences I realized that reading is an amazing place to start. 
 Reply 
 * [Jennifer Sniadecki](http://www.readingteacherwrites.com) July 20, 2017
 
 Wonderful, Sue! Thanks for your comments. I loved the panel and the Nerd Talks, too. Makes me think. Good thing! 
 Reply 
 
 emilymontjoy  July 20, 2017 
 
 Oh my goodness! I couldn't agree more. You ladies described the thoughts & feelings of nErDcampMI perfectly! I miss it and can't wait for next year! Thanks for sharing! 
 Reply 
 
 Mieke July 20, 2017 
 
 Melanie Roy is amazing. We are so lucky to have her as our librarian! 
 Reply 
 
 QuietBlogster  July 20, 2017 
 
 I wish nerd camp existed when I was young. Such a blast! 
 Reply 
 
 Lisa Schroeder  July 20, 2017 
 
 Wow, your love and enthusiasm for this NerdCampMI really shines through. I hope I can get myself there some year, I'd love to be a part of it! 
 Reply 
 
 Niki Barnes  July 20, 2017 
 
 This post is awesome! My thoughts exactly! Nerd Camp is the best PD! 
 Reply 
 
 Christina Uss July 20, 2017 
 
 It sounds incredible - I hope someday I can also make it to this! 
 Reply 
 
 Beth Worton-Pedersen July 20, 2017 
 
 How do you get ADC? I WOULD LOVE THAT!! 
 Reply 
 
 Jennifer Sniadecki  July 20, 2017 
 
 Reblogged this on  Reading Teacher Writes . 
 Reply 
 
 Jennie  July 20, 2017 
 
 What a great camp! Thank you for posting this. 
 Reply 
 
 Emily Williamson July 20, 2017 
 
 When asked by my peers why a 32 yr. Vetran teacher goes the 2nd Mon./Tues.in July to “camp” I tell them it immunizes me for the next yr. of PD on how to use a basal or how to interupt test data before you meet the child. It shows you a world which loves to learn, loves kids, keeps it the profession you’re proud to calm. Join us next year; it’s reaffirming and enlightening. 
 Reply 
 
 Brooks Benjamin  July 21, 2017 
 
 This year was my first year and I was in heaven. So many books and even more people who love taking those books and putting them in front of students. It reminded me why I love to write. Thanks to everyone who made it a huge success! I can't wait until next year. 😀 
 Reply 
 
 Deanna Holdsworth  July 22, 2017 
 
 Thank you for sharing what you learn at NerdCampMI. I plan on attending for the first time in 2018! 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply to Niki Barnes  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Follow Blog via RSS 
 
 RSS - Posts 
 RSS - Comments 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 145,217 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Grab the Code Below For Your Own Nerdy Book Club Badge! 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 %d bloggers like this: 
