Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Registered Nurse - Endoscopy TWH TFT 
 University Health Network 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Transforming lives and communities through excellence in care, discovery and learning ... 
 At University Health Network, which consists of Toronto General, Toronto Western, Princess Margaret and Toronto Rehab hospitals, nothing is more important to us than our team of dedicated employees. UHN focuses on creating and maintaining a workplace of choice, where our people are recognized and valued. We focus on creating a workplace where people enjoy the challenge of their career, create and engage in best practices and are treated with respect. 
 Dynamic leadership. Innovative education. Supportive professional development. These are just a few of the ways UHN supports a positive work environment for nurses. One of the highlights of nursing at UHN is our patient-centered approach to caring for patients and families. Our professional practice model puts patients first and provides a foundation for excellence in patient care, research and education. 
 As a member of the UHN and the Nursing Multi-disciplinary Team, the REGISTERED NURSE practices in accordance with relevant legislation/standards, meeting the legal and ethical requirements of the profession. The principal responsibilities include: applying knowledge of nursing science, theory, skill and critical decision making in the provision of compassionate, collaborative and competent care in accordance with the UHN Professional Practice Model for Nursing and the mission and vision of nursing at the UHN; ensuring practice is consistent with professional standards and the ethical framework as outlined by the College of Nurses of Ontario and the UHN policy and procedure; demonstrating commitment to professional life long learning by participating in continuing education activities to meet the needs of the patient population served and the standards of the profession; performing reflective practice, analyzing and evaluating nursing knowledge and modifying practice accordingly to improve the quality of nursing and patient care; performing cross-functional and other responsibilities, as assigned and/or requested. Specifically, the nurse will be responsible for the pre, intra and post procedure care of patients undergoing Endoscopy procedures, including ERCP. 
 QUALIFICATIONS 
 Completion of an approved nursing program 
B.Sc.N. preferred 
Current Basic Cardiac Life Support (B.C.L.S.) program, Level II: Basic Rescuer certification 
Current certificate of competency and a member in good standing with the College of Nurses of Ontario 
Physical Health Assessment Course 
Previous working experience in Endoscopy preferred 
Two years each of recent Medical and Surgical Nursing 
Experience with IV insertion, accessing vascular access lines 
Ability to work as an integral member of a team 
Excellent independent decision making and problem solving skills 
Excellent organizational and time management skills 
Excellent verbal, interpersonal and written communication skills 
Patient teaching skills 
Ability to work effectively as a member of a multidisciplinary team 
Ability to work under pressure 
Ability to utilize information technology including experience with the online assessment tool 
Ability to meet the physical demands of the job 
PACU/OR/ICU experience preferred 
Ambulatory nursing an asset 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
