ibelivetoday 
 an ongoing journey of self discovery 
 Main menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 @Energy Art 
 @me 
 
 Tag Archives: job 
 Side effects of being AUTHENTIC -3 
 Posted on  April 1, 2017  by   AryaaAkshay 
 
 The side effects of shining one's authentic self are many! For starters, we really get to  enjoy the differences in opinion  cuz we agree no two people can think 'exactly' alike one hundred percent!! 
 N that brings us to end up  being our own best buddy!  Cuz it's not others job to get us..it's our job to get us, n their job to get themself .. 
 And when everyone is just getting busy being WHO THEY ARE, it doesn't matter what others think of you. 'Difference of opinion' ﻿one can say, n just ignore it all! 
 It's important for one, to totally understand their calling, n urges! What do they like, what do they dislike.. Being who they are n shining that light out, is why we came here. 
 I'm just gonna be doing my business n taking care of how happy I stay! What others think about that is their work not mine 🙂 
 What say you?? 
 ~aryaa 
 Posted in  Creating Self Awareness ,  Quotes  |  Tagged  authentic ,  business ,  happiness ,  job ,  living ,  mind ,  ones ,  self love  |   Leave a comment 
 Visits to this blogsite 
 
 42,784 hits 
 
 Intuned 
 
 Intuned 
 
 Looking for something? 
 Search for: 
 Stay Tuned by following this blog!! 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 1,675 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Tags 
 abundance   alignment   art   authentic   beauty   Celebration   change   Choices   dreams   energy   gratitude   growth   joy   joys   life   love   movies   nature   peace   perception   perfection   Self Awareness   Self Confidence   self love   trust 
 My Recent Posts 
 
 Why would ya?? 
 Only If.. 
 The tussle 
 Is it hobby time for you YET?? 
 Coloured glasses 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
