Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Instructor (Lego, Minecraft, Robotics, Hands-On Building) 
 Engineering For Kids Vancouver Island 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Are you PASSIONATE about working with kids? 
 Do you LOVE figuring out how things work and building things with your hands? 
 Are you someone who enjoys sharing knowledge in ways that others can easily understand? 
 Do you have the EXPERIENCE to lead a classroom of kids? And the SKILLS and know-how to change gears in order to keep them focused and engaged? 
 JOIN OUR TEAM! 
 **We 're hiring instructors for hands-on learning classes, workshops and birthday parties! ** 
 This is an ideal position for someone who is: 
 - looking for casual, part-time work 
 - available for weekly classes (run at the same location, same times) 
 - available during the afternoons, evenings and weekends 
 Our hands-on learning approach and enthusiastic, passionate instructors create fun, engaging and supportive environments where kids learn through exploration and play! 
 Our exciting curriculum includes hands-on building S.T.E.M activities, robotics, LEGO, MinecraftEdu and more. 
 ** As our classes take place in various locations throughout Greater Victoria (community centres, schools, homes), a reliable mode of transportation to commute to classes with supplies and equipment is required. 
 ** Experience working with children and youth, and classroom management skills is required, as well as the ability to work alongside another instructor. 
 We assign two instructors per class/ workshop/ birthday. Our instructor to student ratio is typically 1:8 or less. 
 We provide everything you need to successfully lead classes including supplies and equipment. 
 We also provide a fully prepared curriculum; however, we love when instructors use the curriculum as a jumping off point and bring their own ideas, creativity and expertise to their classes! 
 KEY RESPONSIBILITIES: 
 
 Create a safe, inclusive environment where kids can have fun while creating and learning 
 Manage and provide positive behaviour support 
 Prepare and deliver lessons from a highly-developed curriculum 
 Pick up and return supplies 
 Set up and clean up classrooms 
 Work collaboratively with a co-instructor 
 Provide superior customer experience 
 Maintain on-going communication with co-leads and management team 
 
 You are someone who: 
 
 has experience working with kids (ideally in group settings) 
 knows how to positively engage kids in a classroom 
 has experience in the service industry and understands the importance of customer service 
 is a strong communicator and a confident presenter 
 is flexible and can think on your feet 
 has strong problem solving skills 
 able to work independently and as part of a team 
 has a keen interest in S.T.E.M fields 
 has a real interest in teaching through hands-on discovery and activities 
 
 Must have: 
 
 Emergency first aid and CPR C 
 Clean police check to work with children (within last 6 months) 
 Dependable vehicle that can fit bins of classroom supplies 
 Willingness to travel to various locations in Greater Victoria 
 Ability to lift and carry bins of supplies and equipment 
 
 What we provide: 
 
 An awesome team of people to work with! 
 $16/hour plus 4% vacation pay 
 Curriculum, supplies, and hands-on training 
 The opportunity for full time work during winter break, spring break and summer 
 
 About Engineering For Kids: 
 Engineering For Kids® brings S.T.E.M. education (Science, Technology, Engineering, Mathematics) to children through fun and engaging hands-on learning experiences that encourages creativity, collaboration, problem solving, and critical thinking. We host after-school classes, workshops, parties and camps in Greater Victoria. 
 Job Types: Part-time, Temporary, Internship, Contract, Casual 
 Salary: $16.00 per hour 
 Experience: 
 
 Public Speaking/ Presenting: 1 year (Preferred) 
 Classroom Management: 1 year (Required) 
 LEGO Robotics: 1 year (Preferred) 
 Minecraft: 1 year (Preferred) 
 Customer Service: 1 year (Required) 
 Teaching Children: 1 year (Required) 
 
 Education: 
 
 Secondary School (Preferred) 
 
 Location: 
 
 Victoria, BC (Required) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 BC Driver's License and Vehicle (Required) 
 Emergency First Aid + CPR C (Required) 
 Criminal Record Check (within past 6 months) (Required) 
 
 Language: 
 
 English (Required) 
 French (Preferred) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
