Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 Freelance vs. Permanent Employees: What to Choose? 
 Steve Aedy    30th January    Career   2 Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=Freelance%20vs.%20Permanent%20Employees%3A%20What%20to%20Choose%3F%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fcareer%2Ffreelance-vs-permanent-employees%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 "To freelance or to work full-time?" The question is simple, the answer not so much. Should you swap your current job for a high-paying career online? It depends; many people prefer stability and constancy. That is a fixed salary, a precise schedule, a working environment. Those who would rather not have those things prefer  freelancing . Freelancers are not bound by any employment agreements and can work whenever they like. 
 If you work in a creative field, does it make more sense to take a staff job or to offer your services on a freelance basis? On the face of it, most people would likely say to take the staff position, citing more  job security  if you have a steady pay check coming in. Making the decision to work independently also has distinct advantages, and you should consider your options carefully before making a decision. 
 So what are the pros and cons of both full-time and freelance jobs? 
 Advantages of Working Freelance 
 
 Freelancers can determine their own  schedule  and how much they want to work. As self-employed people, they can focus on a specific type of project or client if they wish. Freelancers get paid more than employees do, since they need to make sure they are generating enough income to pay for taxes, health insurance, and other necessary expenses. 
 As business owners, freelancers can deduct their business expenses on their income tax returns, which will help to lower the amount of their taxable income. Employees are not entitled to deduct the amount they pay for expenses. 
 One of the distinct advantages to working as a freelancer is variety. Unlike working for an employer, you get work with different people and no two gigs are exactly the same. You will be constantly learning new things and stretching yourself. 
 Freelancers tend to get less caught up in the day-to-day drama of working in an office. Since they are not employees, they are on the team but separate from a lot of the politics involved. It can be easier to focus on the work in this type of arrangement. 
 
 Disadvantages of Working Freelance 
 
 As a freelancer, you don't have the same kinds of safety nets that an employee does. You are responsible for generating enough income to keep food in the cupboard and the lights on. The means even when you are in the midst of your current gig you need to be thinking about where you are going to find your next one. 
 Freelancers need to find time to track their expenses on top of doing their work. Keeping records of receipts and the accounting part of the business can be time-consuming for a freelancer, and it adds to an already-packed schedule. 
 Freelancers also need to make sure they pay the employer portion of the required taxes for the country where they are working. This may mean having to set aside a portion of earnings in a separate account so that installment payments can be made by certain dates each year. 
 Employees may have access to health care, life insurance, disability coverage, and other benefits. Freelancers are not covered under employee group benefit plans. They can buy these benefits for themselves if they wish, but private coverage tends to be costly and not everyone who is self-employed can afford to pay for it. 
 Since freelancers may get called in to work only on a specific aspect of a project, it can be challenging to get all the information needed to complete the work. Not all clients understand that the freelancer needs to coordinate data from more than one department to keep his or her end running smoothly and that if anything is delayed, it means that the freelancer will be scrambling to meet his or her deadlines. 
 
 Advantages of Becoming a Permanent Staff 
 
 The main advantage to becoming a permanent staff member is that you will be getting a regular pay check. For many freelancers, the normal financial cycle is one of feast or famine, with times when work is plentiful and others where there is little or no work to be had.Many people feel secure if they know exactly how much they will be making each week, month or year, even if they could (potentially) make more if they struck out on their own as a freelancer. 
 
 Disadvantages of Becoming a Permanent Staff 
 
 Some people would argue that security cannot come from earning a pay check from an employer. If the employer's business goes through a downturn and the decision is made to reduce staff, it may not matter how well a particular employee did his or her job; at a certain point, it all comes down to numbers.Earning money from a single income stream is akin to putting all of one's eggs in one basket, which may not be the best choice if the goal is to gain a sense of security. 
 
 When you are considering freelance vs. permanent, there are advantages and disadvantages to both models of work. Freelance offers flexibility and the opportunity to work on a variety of projects, while a permanent position can provide a steady income and possibly a benefits plan. 
 No one model is right for everyone, and the right choice for you may be different, depending on where you are in your career and what your family and other responsibilities may be. 
 Which one do you prefer: freelance or permanent work model? Why? 
 Photo by FreeDigitalPhotos.net. 
 Popular search terms for this article: 
 freelance vs employee ,  Powered by Article Dashboard get money for business insurance ,  Powered by Article Dashboard job search employment ,  freelancer vs employee ,  freelance or employee ,  Powered by Article Dashboard how to make money without ,  Powered by Article Dashboard making a living ,  Powered by Article Dashboard start making money at home ,  Powered by Article Dashboard i need help deciding what career to choose ,  freelance vs permanent job 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 contract jobs (1) 
 
 
 employees (1) 
 
 
 freelancing (8) 
 
 
 health cover (1) 
 
 
 Job security (2) 
 
 
 permanent staff (1) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Steve Aedy  |  Website  |  Twitter  |  Other Articles 
 Steve is an in-house content manager at FreshEssays.com, a team of industry-specialized writers that provides  professional resume writing service  for a specific employment goal in a job search. 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     Selling Isn't Just for Sales People  
  _ _     Super Rich List: 20 Entrepreneurs with No Degrees  
  _ _     Is Your Career Going Backwards? Reexamine Your Career Options  
 
 Discussion 
 
 2 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 
 Florante Valdez  on the 30th January 
 
 Reply   
 Hi Steve, 
 I've been a freelancer for over three years now and I can say that this is the best career choice i've made. It's a common notion that freelancing is unstable and working the regular 9-5 job is secure, I disagree. Many of those who believe this and worked for big companies will find themselves clinging to a false hope. 
 Stability is originates from within. You can choose to be stable, just as much as everyone can make a choice to go freelance or not. 
 Florante 
 
 Malachi Brown  on the 6th February 
 
 Reply   
 After working for years in an office, I definitely prefer to go freelance. 
 I can't get dragged into office politics because as a freelancer, I'm an outsider. I'm not in a position to compete with permanent staff. 
 I can't be made to attend silly performance apprasials where you have to fill in the most tedious forms, and have to listen to your boss telling you that "you need to be more proactive" , and compiling a whole litany of little faults so that he can then justify your not getting a bonus or promotion. 
 I can actually plan when I can have free time to do a lot of worthwhile non-work stuff like relaxing with a good book, or trying a new hobby like making origami birds! 
 Yes, it sounds like a dream! 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
