Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Research Project Coordinator 
 University of Alberta 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Faculty of Nursing 
Competition No. - S102343267 
Posting Date - Nov 23, 2020 
Closing Date - Dec 24, 2020 
 Position Type - Full Time - Grant Funded 
Salary Range - $54,531 to $74,751 per year 
Grade - 09 
Hours - 35 
 This competition is open to all applicants however internal candidates and applicants who were former employees of the University of Alberta in the past 18 months will be given priority consideration before external candidates 
 This Research Project Coordinator position is based at the University of Alberta and has an end date of one year from the date of hire with an opportunity of extension. This position offers a comprehensive benefits package which can be viewed at: Faculty & Staff Benefits. 
 The Improving Pain Assessment in Nursing Home Residents with Dementias project is a 3-year study funded by CIHR. In this study, we focus on developing and validating a theory-based observational pain assessment scale for nursing home residents with moderate to severe dementias. 
 This project operates within the Translating Research in Elder Care program at University of Alberta (http://www.trec.ualberta.ca/). TREC is a collaborative, multidisciplinary, longitudinal research program focused on developing solutions for improving the quality of care provided to nursing home residents, enriching the work life of their caregivers and enhancing system efficiency. 
 Reporting to the project PI, the Research Project Coordinator is responsible for day-to-day management of the project. This position will be based in Edmonton at the Faculty of Nursing, University of Alberta and may include travel to various trial sites (Edmonton and Winnipeg). 
 Duties 
 Coordinating and managing the project including preparing study materials, monitoring, maintaining and updating project timelines, budgets and deliverables ensuring targets are achieved. 
Works with Principal Investigator to perform recruitment, obtain participant consent and secure operational approvals of study sites. 
Develops ethics annual updates, submitting ethics amendments and progress reports. 
Assists with hiring and supervising research staff. 
Ensure compliance with Tri-council and university policies. 
Assist with data collection and problem-solve data collection issues as they arise. 
Coordinate timely and appropriate data cleaning, storage and analysis, working closely with the Data Analyst. 
Assist in the preparation of publications, posters, presentations, technical and dissemination reports and briefings for funding agency. 
Organize and participate in regular meetings of the research team to discuss each stage of the project. 
Other duties as required. 
 Education, Experience and Skills 
 Minumum of a Bachelor's Degree required. The ideal candidate will have a Master’s degree in Nursing or a health related discipline; equivalent combinations of education and experience considered. 
2 -3 years of related project coordination or management experience including working with health professionals. 
Must be familiar with research project implementation in clinical settings - previous experience in the nursing home setting an asset. 
Excellent initiative and ability to work independently with limited supervision. 
Excellent skills in written and oral communication, project planning, problem-solving and be detail oriented. 
Proficiency with Microsoft Office applications (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, etc.). 
Experience with statistical analysis an asset. 
 How to Apply 
 Note:  Online applications are accepted until midnight Mountain Standard Time of the closing date. 
 We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those individuals selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 The University of Alberta is committed to an equitable, diverse, and inclusive workforce. We welcome applications from all qualified persons. We encourage women; First Nations, Métis and Inuit persons; members of visible minority groups; persons with disabilities; persons of any sexual orientation or gender identity and expression; and all those who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas and the University to apply. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
