
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Look At This! it's a Full-time job 
 20nine is looking for a Designer (Senior Level) in Conshohocken, PA, USA. 
 About 
 ***Although this position is currently remote we are looking for someone who can commute into our Conshohocken office once it is safe to do so. 
We are looking for someone remarkable, uncommon and distinct. Someone extraordinary. Preferably someone who eats, breathes and sleeps design. In fact, you likely can’t help being creative and you generate ideas and concepts without being told to do so. 
 When you’re not designing, you are a glutton for inspiration, uncovering and chatting about intriguing new trends and innovations. To thrive here, you'll need a drive that enables you to own projects from the start and the work ethic to see all the details through to the end. You are confident, articulate, and you can design for any application that gets thrown at you. 
 You have past agency experience of at 2-4 years and you have solved challenges such as designing for identities, videos, websites, advertising, and packaging. You live in the cross-section of design and technology and your portfolio reflects that. In addition to these skills, we’d like someone who can really own this role and offer the team creative direction and mentorship. 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7624-20nine-designer-senior-level  
 On-site required? 
 Yes 
 Experience 
 3-6 years 
 Skills 
 Art Direction 
 Date Posted 
 October 30, 2020 
 Managed By 
 Morgan Szekely 
 Perks 
 
 Retirement Plan 
 Dog friendly 
 Generous Vacation 
 Maternity / Paternity 
 No assholes 
 Work from home 
 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
