Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 STEM Instructor - Student - FT/PT 
 Engkidz 
 __Lower Mainland, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Company description 
 We are an organization run by engineers and we offer Virtual and In-Person STEM programs for kids. Our unique workshops aim to connect science concepts to real world engineering challenges and inspire kids to become creative tinkerers. 
 Job description 
 Are you currently enrolled in a Science or an Engineering program at a Canadian Post-Secondary institution? Do you enjoy explaining science concepts to others? Are you a motivated do-it-yourselfer? EngKidz is looking for an energetic STEM instructor to join our team! 
 STEM instructor’s responsibilities will include: 
 · Leading the online and in-person STEM classes in a fun and engaging way, and helping kids build their STEM projects and troubleshoot issues 
 · Developing new workshops and hands-on building of science demonstrations, presentations, and project kits 
 · Helping with marketing, customer engagement, and other activities as required 
 This is a contract Full-Time co-op/intern position for 3/4 months subject to funding. 
 Visit  EngKidz.com  to learn more about the company. 
 Why work with us? 
 
 EngKidz is run by local BC Engineers who are passionate about inspiring the next generation of engineers and scientists. 
 We provide training, guidance, and an excellent opportunity to be flexible and creative! 
 You get a chance to improve your leadership, communication, technical, and public speaking skills. 
 Ability to work remotely. 
 An opportunity to work hands-on and make science books come to life! 
 
 Key Skills: 
 
 Basic knowledge of science concepts, electronics, and coding. 
 A maker mindset and an ability to develop prototypes and projects for science concepts. 
 The candidate must be currently enrolled in a Science or an Engineering Program at an accredited post-secondary Canadian institution. 
 Be either a Canadian Citizen, permanent resident or a protected person defined by the Immigration and Refugee Protection Act. 
 Interest in working with children between 6-13 years of age. Prior teaching experience is an asset. 
 Ability to manage classes on online platforms such as Zoom. You are expected to have your own working laptop/desktop and home-office space to work remotely. 
 First-Aid certification required for in-person classes. 
 Background check with Vulnerable Sector will be required before starting position. 
 
 Please provide a cover letter and include in it a short description of your favourite science topic and/or a science or engineering project. 
 Job Types: Full-Time, Part-Time Contract Work-Term: Jan 2021-Mar 2021 
 Salary: $20.00/hr 
 Work remotely: Yes, mostly 
 Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Contract 
 Salary: $20.00-$25.00 per hour 
 Work remotely: 
 
 Yes 
 
 COVID-19 precaution(s): 
 
 Remote interview process 
 Virtual meetings 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
