
 Skip to primary navigation 
 Skip to main content 
 Skip to footer 
 
 This site uses cookies. Please review our  Terms and Conditions  and  Privacy Policy  - by continuing you are accepting them. Click to close this message. 
 Log in 
 | 
 Join 
 
 
 Members home 
 Purpose and fulfilment 
 Finding and getting a new job 
 Self employment 
 Thrive at work 
 Organisational Renewal 
 Leadership & Team Coaching 
 Career Coaching 
 Outplacement 
 The Team 
 News 
 Contact us 
 
 Are you ready for more rewarding, meaningful work? 
 If your work situation falls short of what you want or need in life, it's probably time to think about change. 
 When work takes up so much of our lives, we need to get more from it than just a pay cheque. Too many people accept jobs which are frustrating or under-utilise their talents; others struggle to find fulfilling work after taking time out as a carer or parent, or following redundancy. 
 Work Horizons is an online alternative to career coaching or outplacement support. It is a membership site which will help you to work out your aspirations and constraints, to prepare for and find the right work and then crucially, to thrive in your new position. 
 If you join Work Horizons, you will have unlimited access to articles, exercises, videos and other resources. You will find a mix of thought-provoking discussions, how-to guides and practical checklists. Work Horizons  isn 't  a structured course that spoon-feeds you step-by-step instructions; it offers you a choice of expert insights and new ways of thinking about your career and job-hunting, together with a supportive, career-focused online community. 
 It was devised and created by experienced, qualified coaching and work specialists, to provide 80% of the benefit of hiring a career coach, but at a fraction of the cost. You can preview the site before you decide to join, but only members can benefit from the full content. 
 Find out more   Join 
 Seeking purpose 
 So what is it that you really want to do? A simple question, but we don’t always know the answer. We’ll help you to decide whether you want to change employer, or completely change direction, to work for yourself, or start a voluntary job. 
 Get started 
 Finding work 
 When you’re sure you know what type of work you want to do, the next step is to find that work. It used to be easy; you’d just look in the local paper, but there are many more ways of finding work now. We’ll take you through the various ways to find your dream job or work assignment. 
 Start exploring 
 Self employment 
 If you understand the risks and have the right personality for it, self employment can support a balanced, enjoyable and rewarding lifestyle. But before considering this route, you need a clear understanding of what's involved and how to plan for success. 
 Find out more 
 Thriving in your new job 
 Accepting a new job offer can be a wonderful feeling. To keep hold of that feeling on your first day - and then through the following weeks and months - you need to plan and act just as carefully as when you were job hunting. 
 Read more 
 Meet the team 
 The Work Horizons team is led by experienced, qualified career coaches and work specialists, alongside experienced advisers in self employment and startups. We are committed to providing the best experience online, short of hiring a personal coach. 
 Read more 
 News and comment 
 Recent updates from our work and employment blog: 
 Launch Event - Work Horizons Consultancy Practice 
 Paid internship - digital marketing and social media 
 Your chance to shine! A guide to virtual interviews 
 See more updates 
 Join Work Horizons 
 If you are committed to finding more rewarding, meaningful work and would like to tap into the experience and advice of successful career coaches and work specialists, now may be the perfect time to join Work Horizons. 
 Read more and join 
 Footer 
 About Work Horizons 
 At Work Horizons we are organisational renewal and career coaching specialists. Our employees and associates bring many years’ experience and a firm belief that sustainable success is built on employees and managers who have a clear sense of purpose, aligned with the values and goals of the organisation. 
 Meet the team  |  Statutory information 
 Recent news and commentary 
 Launch Event - Work Horizons Consultancy Practice 
 Paid internship - digital marketing and social media 
 Your chance to shine! A guide to virtual interviews 
 Welcome Aboard! 
 Sleep Your Way to the Top! 
 Contact us 
 Work Horizons is based in Birmingham, UK and we have partners delivering projects and supporting clients throughout the country. 
 You can reach us during UK working hours on  0121 663 1710 . During lockdown and social distancing we may answer a little more slower than usual, so for the fastest response please  contact us by email . 
 (C) Copyright 2016-2021 Work Horizons Limited 
