  
 POFW's Bible Blog 
 "Impacting Lives To Change The World" 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Jeremiah Chapter 19 
 
 Job Chapter 27 
 April 18, 2019  by  pofw 
 44 
 JESUS today YOU will SAVE me. 
 Eat This Book 
 Read Proverbs Chapter 18 
 Job 27 
 1 Moreover Job continued his parable, and said, 
 2 As God liveth, who hath taken away my judgment; and the Almighty, who hath vexed my soul; 
 3 All the while my breath is in me, and the spirit of God is in my nostrils; 
 4 My lips shall not speak wickedness, nor my tongue utter deceit. 
 5 God forbid that I should justify you: till I die I will not remove mine integrity from me. 
 6 My righteousness I hold fast, and will not let it go: my heart shall not reproach me so long as I live. 
 7 Let mine enemy be as the wicked, and he that riseth up against me as the unrighteous. 
 8 For what is the hope of the hypocrite, though he hath gained, when God taketh away his soul? 
 9 Will God hear his cry when trouble cometh upon him? 
 10 Will he delight himself in the Almighty? will he always call upon God? 
 11 I will teach you by the hand of God: that which is with the Almighty will I not conceal. 
 12 Behold, all ye yourselves have seen it; why then are ye thus altogether vain? 
 13 This is the portion of a wicked man with God, and the heritage of oppressors, which they shall receive of the Almighty. 
 14 If his children be multiplied, it is for the sword: and his offspring shall not be satisfied with bread. 
 15 Those that remain of him shall be buried in death: and his widows shall not weep. 
 16 Though he heap up silver as the dust, and prepare raiment as the clay; 
 17 He may prepare it, but the just shall put it on, and the innocent shall divide the silver. 
 18 He buildeth his house as a moth, and as a booth that the keeper maketh. 
 19 The rich man shall lie down, but he shall not be gathered: he openeth his eyes, and he is not. 
 20 Terrors take hold on him as waters, a tempest stealeth him away in the night. 
 21 The east wind carrieth him away, and he departeth: and as a storm hurleth him out of his place. 
 22 For God shall cast upon him, and not spare: he would fain flee out of his hand. 
 23 Men shall clap their hands at him, and shall hiss him out of his place. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Bookmark the  permalink . 
 Post navigation 
 <- Job Chapter 26  
 Job Chapter 28 -> 
 44 thoughts on "Job Chapter 27 " 
 
 C.Graham says:   April 18, 2019 at 2:54 am  
 
 “I vow by the living God, who has taken away my rights, by the Almighty who has embittered my soul— As long as I live, while I have breath from God, I will never concede that you are right; I will defend my integrity until I die. I will maintain my innocence without wavering. My conscience is clear for as long as I live. 
Job 27:2‭-‬3‭, ‬5‭-‬6 NLT 
 If you could only choose one, whose reputation would you defend: God's, or your own? Job chose his own. He feels it better to impugn the reputation of God than to suffer the indignity of the loss of his own. Better God be seen as being unkind and uncaring to the righteous, than Job be seen as a sinner. 
 It's funny, it seems the more righteous we attempt to be or appear, the more ungrateful and self-righteous we become, as if God owes us "rights" for our good behavior. What a horrible thing pride is…so unwilling to give way to the nature of Christ. How we fight and squirm to retain our honor in the eyes of other men, rather than making ourselves of no reputation and laying down our lives for the lost. How we forget that there is none good and none deserving salvation, especially ourselves. 
 Like Job, we can get so caught up in defending our own integrity, in flaunting our own goodness, that we lose sight of the greatness, justice, and mercy of our God. Moreover, we begin to cloud other men's judgments of Him with our vain boastings and rantings about the unfairness of it all. Job's conscience was clear that he had proved himself righteous, but to boast in one's own righteousness is like boasting in one's own humility. All such boasting is vain, and proves all the more that we need a merciful Savior. 
 "Two men went up into the temple to pray; the one a Pharisee, and the other a publican. The Pharisee stood and prayed thus with himself, God, I thank thee, that I am not as other men are, extortioners, unjust, adulterers, or even as this publican. I fast twice in the week, I give tithes of all that I possess. And the publican, standing afar off, would not lift up so much as his eyes unto heaven, but smote upon his breast, saying, God be merciful to me a sinner. I tell you, this man went down to his house justified rather than the other: for every one that exalteth himself shall be abased; and he that humbleth himself shall be exalted." 
Luke 18:10‭-‬14 KJV 
 "As it is written, There is none righteous, no, not one:" 
Romans 3:10 KJV 
 "But we are all as an unclean thing, and all our righteousnesses are as filthy rags…" 
Isaiah 64:6 KJV 
 Reply 
 
 Melanie Helm says:   April 18, 2019 at 2:57 am  
 
 “I vow by the living God, who has taken away my rights, by the Almighty who has embittered my soul— As long as I live, while I have breath from God, my lips will speak no evil, and my tongue will speak no lies. I will never concede that you are right; I will defend my integrity until I die. I will maintain my innocence without wavering. My conscience is clear for as long as I live. 
For what hope do the godless have when God cuts them off and takes away their life? Will God listen to their cry when trouble comes upon them? Can they take delight in the Almighty? Can they call to God at any time? 
Job 27:2‭-‬6‭, ‬8‭-‬10 NLT 
 https://bible.com/bible/116/job.27.2-10.NLT 
 Job said no matter what he was going to keep doing what he knew to do. God asks our best of us and He gets whatever we give Him. Job strove for excellence even in his despair. He only knew how to do his best. God knows where we are at. The wicked to do have the same luxuries that we do. We get the benefit to call on God. Only if there is sincerity can things change for a wicked heart. 
 Reply 
 * Melanie Helm says: [ April 18, 2019 at 2:59 am ](https://pofw.wordpress.com/2019/04/18/job-chapter-27-3/#comment-125343)
 
 The wicked do not*** 
 Reply 
 
 msmcculloughsandy  says:   April 18, 2019 at 4:58 am  
 
 The wicked will NOT have victory. Only the righteous will. 
 Reply 
 
 Jackson Case says:   April 18, 2019 at 5:12 am  
 
 “Behold, all of you have seen it; Why then do you act vainly and foolishly [cherishing worthless concepts]?” 
‭‭JOB‬ ‭27:12‬ ‭AMP‬‬ 
 Good question 
Do you know it’s okay to have a burden for these people. They obviously need prayer and lots of it. I know a few people close to me like this perhaps you do too. It could be a brother or sister, mother or father, cousin, aunt, uncle. It could even be a close friend. The thing that’s difficult to watch or see is when they know what’s right and what’s wrong but they make they wrong foolish decision. I’m praying for the Lost today and I’m praying for my family in Jesus name. There are spiritual chains of bondage that need to be broken and I know a God who’s able. I’m believing that God is gonna tough every heart he leads me to today. Even if it’s just a small touch from him it’s still a touch. I’m praying for his will to be done not my own. 
 Reply 
 
 Martha Castillo says:   April 18, 2019 at 5:22 am  
 
 Job continues to affirm his righteousness as verses 1-6 are captioned in the AMP version. Verse 4 "My lips will not speak unjustly, Nor will my tongue utter deceit." 
 Verse 8 AMP says “For what is the hope of the godless, even though he has gained [in this world], When God takes his life?" This reminded me of the song "Lose My Soul" that says "I don't want to gain the whole world and lose my soul…"Don't wanna walk away let me hear the people say". Matthew 16:26 AMP says "For what will it profit a man if he gains the whole world [wealth, fame, success], but forfeits his soul? Or what will a man give in exchange for his soul?" Our hope is in the Lord and we must share this hope with the world. 
 Reply 
 
 The Hills says:   April 18, 2019 at 5:47 am  
 
 5. So I will never concede that you three are right. Until the day I die, I will not abandon my integrity just to appease you. Voice 
 Some people will say or do things that risk their integrity and even their eternity because they think their friends or family will think more of them because of it. 
We can’t let what those around us think become more important than what God thinks. 
They didn’t die for our sins and they can’t give us eternal life, and God would never ask us to do anything that would jeopardize our souls. 
 Reply 
 
 Michelle Garcia says:   April 18, 2019 at 5:55 am  
 
 I am desperate because God All-Powerful refuses to do what is right. As surely as God lives, and while he gives me breath, I will tell only the truth. 
Job 27:2‭-‬4 CEV 
 The heat is on, but what to do? Continue to stand on the solid rock!! You may come to the point where you may feel you're about to break and lose it all. But GOD in His mercy and love is right where you are. Through the fire, through your storm, on your death bed, GOD is still there❤ 
 Bless the Lord , O my soul: and all that is within me, bless his holy name. 
Psalms 103:1 KJV 
 Reply 
 
 godsnotdead  says:   April 18, 2019 at 6:24 am  
 
 “I vow by the living God, who has taken away my rights, by the Almighty who has embittered my soul— As long as I live, while I have breath from God, my lips will speak no evil, and my tongue will speak no lies. I will never concede that you are right; I will defend my integrity until I die. I will maintain my innocence without wavering. My conscience is clear for as long as I live. 
Job 27:2‭-‬6 NLT 
 https://bible.com/bible/116/job.27.2-6.NLT 
 This is exactly what I'm talking about. Job stood his ground and told his friends and people that he will never say that man is right over God. Why can't I be like Job; oh wait I can. All that I have to do is put man's word to the side. You know in one ear and out the other. Retain God's word and trust in Him that He is the great I AM. God can and will move heaven and earth for his children. Lord, I thank you for being who you are. 
 ipray 
iread 
iblog 
itithe 
igive 
iworship 
ipraise 
iserve 
isubmit 
IblessyouinthenameoftheLordJesusChrist 
 Reply 
 
 nghartman  says:   April 18, 2019 at 6:25 am  
 
 As God liveth, who hath taken away my judgment; and the Almighty, who hath vexed my soul; All the while my breath is in me, and the spirit of God is in my nostrils; My lips shall not speak wickedness, nor my tongue utter deceit. God forbid that I should justify you: till I die I will not remove mine integrity from me. My righteousness I hold fast, and will not let it go: my heart shall not reproach me so long as I live. 
Job 27:2‭-‬6 KJV 
 https://bible.com/bible/1/job.27.2-6.KJV 
 Through all the things we go through, its important to hold on to our integrity, once we lose that it's hard to get back, because it's easy to be one way in front of others, it's easy to put on a show, but behind closed doors with out a person in sight, Who am I? Once we start building integrity in our lives, it begins to spill over into how people view us. They begin to trust us, they can take us at our word! Especially when people can see a change in us. My integrity comes from God, because without him, I wouldn't have it. FIRST THE KINGDOM 
HOWS YOUR ALTER? 
Pray for me! 
 Opposite of integrity is dishonesty 
 irepent 
ipray 
ipraise 
iread 
iblog 
itithe 
igive 
iserve 
isubmit 
iblessyouinthenameoftheLord 
 Reply 
 
 Bianca Castillo says:   April 18, 2019 at 6:41 am  
 
 3 All the while my breath is in me, and the spirit of God is in my nostrils; 
4 My lips shall not speak wickedness, nor my tongue utter deceit. 
 So long as there's breath in my lungs, I will bless the Lord! Don't worry about what other people think or say - the only one we have to please in this life is God. 
 Reply 
 
 Vincent Gallup says:   April 18, 2019 at 6:52 am  
 
 3 All the while my breath is in me, and the spirit of God is in my nostrils; 
 4 My lips shall not speak wickedness, nor my tongue utter deceit. 
 No matter what praise the Lord with all you’ve got. Even through the storm and trials give Him the highest praise. 
 Reply 
 
 Anne Bower says:   April 18, 2019 at 7:01 am  
 
 Job 27 
 “Far be it from me that I should admit you are right [in your accusations against me]; 
Until I die, I will not remove my integrity from me. 
6 
“I hold fast my uprightness and my right standing with God and I will not let them go; 
My heart does not reproach me for any of my days 
 Job knew where He stood with God . Integrity goes beyond what others can see . It’s in the lowest moments of life or even some of the highest moments of life integrity will be tested . The times you are alone and the times you are in the midst of a crowd. Integrity is about keeping your word being consistent no matter what the course may be., Integrity says no to someone who crosses our core beliefs . Integrity keeps promises and is consistent. 
Self control confidence in a God and in reality being transparent. Job has been transparent on the past chapters. Yes trouble has come yes he is wounded he lets us know. Talking with a childhood friend the other night he stated 3 things that can cause someone to back slide. Selfishness,Pride and Rebellion. Many think rebellion would be high on the list but many have backslidden doing everything in the book……..where the trouble comes creepyin is they find their self losing a bit of integrity or they get entangled with some temptation and begin to not care or justify it because of the situation or what life has handed them. I hear some call it a hiccup or a bump in the road. Selfishness has just taken over. Pride slips in because of fear of what someone may say or even assume . They will not ask for help they will then slip right into rebellion . I believe this is why two are better than one. Job had three friends yet I’ve stull not ready any encouragement from them. I guess this is why Job had to proclaim his integrity. He should not had to but his proclamation 
allows us to know there us no question of where he is Ruth God. Oh that we stay close to God and walk in Hus righteousness. 
 Thy word have I hid in my heart that I might not sin against thee oh Lord . Not listening to the lies iof the enemy , accusations made against you knowing the truth will keep you in thusceslk if life . Keeping your mind covered by the peace of God. 
 Reply 
 
 Tristan Helm says:   April 18, 2019 at 7:13 am  
 
 6 My righteousness I hold fast, and will not let it go: my heart shall not reproach me so long as I live. 
 No matter what happens… Don't quit walking the right faith. We fail as Christians whatever we put contingencies on what is going on around us to dictate our actions as Christians. we will not go very far with Christ if we stray from the path of righteousness as soon as things get bad but if we make a vow, come any terrentail onslaught of opposition, that we will hold fast to the faith that God has given us, then we will get through it and become better and stronger from it 
 Reply 
 
 Kevin Baker  says:   April 18, 2019 at 7:17 am  
 
 7 Let mine enemy be as the wicked, and he that riseth up against me as the unrighteous. 
8 For what is the hope of the hypocrite, though he hath gained, when God taketh away his soul? 
 Instead of raising threat or accusations against his accusers, he says to let them be, and reminds them to think about their actions. 
 Many times I, we, argue back, or fight, and loose out, because we make choices without thinking or asking Jesus to lead us. 
 Reply 
 
 Amaris mcCullough says:   April 18, 2019 at 7:51 am  
 
 As long as I live, while I have breath from God, my lips will speak no evil, and my tongue will speak no lies. Can they take delight in the Almighty? Can they call to God at any time? I will teach you about God’s power. I will not conceal anything concerning the Almighty. But you have seen all this, yet you say all these useless things to me. 
Job 27:3‭-‬4‭, ‬10‭-‬12 NLT 
We need the refilling of the holy ghost every single day . We need to pray for our family and friends every single day 
 Reply 
 
 mikemorgan75  says:   April 18, 2019 at 7:57 am  
 
 iLove the Kingdom 
8 For what is the hope of the hypocrite, though he hath gained, when God taketh away his soul? 
 There are sinners/hypocrites all around us every day all the time. We should not become jealous over these folks and their many possessions…their hope and possessions do not remain. Their riches are laid out for the righteous. We have a much brighter hope and future than these folks even though at the moment it looks as though they have the upperhand. We must look at the big picture instead of a piece here and there. 
 Reply 
 
 Lisa Soliz  says:   April 18, 2019 at 8:10 am  
 
 2 As God liveth, who hath taken away my judgment; and the Almighty, who hath vexed my soul; 
3 All the while my breath is in me, and the spirit of God is in my nostrils; 
4 My lips shall not speak wickedness, nor my tongue utter deceit. 
5 God forbid that I should justify you: till I die I will not remove mine integrity from me. 
 On this side of this parable, we know God allowed satan to vex him to prove he would not curse God for all the trials, but Job is still defending his integrity to his friends. I think they have come against him so strongly that he is in defensive mode, defending his character. But there comes a time where you must throw yourself at the feet of God and seek mercy and grace, asking God to turn it around. 
 Reply 
 
 Tim Martin says:   April 18, 2019 at 8:13 am  
 
 2As God liveth, who hath taken away my judgment; and the Almighty, who hath vexed my soul; 
3 All the while my breath is in me, and the spirit of God is in my nostrils; 
4 My lips shall not speak wickedness, nor my tongue utter deceit. 
5 God forbid that I should justify you: till I die I will not remove mine integrity from me. 
6 My righteousness I hold fast, and will not let it go: my heart shall not reproach me so long as I live. 
 How is your integrity? 
 All that we truly have is our name. What is said about you? Are you praised for your relationship with God, or are you known as a back biter or someone who is not faithful? This is a hard pull to swallow. Job is most known to be a man that was upright and blessed. How he did not curse God when all these things were happening. However Job didnt have the luxury of known what was going to happen. That's why, at least to me, his faith in God, is that much more astounding to me. All he had was his faith the I AM. 
We must seek after Gods Kingdom like Job seeked after God. 
 Reply 
 
 Jessie Johnson says:   April 18, 2019 at 8:16 am  
 
 Where is your heart at? 
 8 For what is the hope of the hypocrite, though he hath gained, when God taketh away his soul? 
 One thing that I hear all the time when I am witnessing is " all Christians are hypocrites". You can try to explain to folks how you are different than the average Christian in society today and how the consecration of an apostolic believer is what sets us apart. You can try and break out the theological oneness debate at this time if you want and explain how we know Jesus unlike other churches because of our revelation that they are lacking. You can do all these things, BUT you can never explain your way out of the accusation of being a hypocrite just like the rest of the mainstream church. There is no argument or debate against a hypocrite, it is Gods duty to judge the heart of the believer. I tell my kids and anyone else that will listen all the time, the most wonderful thing about God and the scariest thing about him is the exact same thing, HE KNOWS YOUR HEART. We cannot hide from the fact that HE is going to judge our heart. So the question is this morning is… Where is your heart? I examine myself and ask why do I do the things I do and what is the condition of my heart when I do them. 
 1 Peter 3:4 
But let it be the hidden man of the heart, in that which is not corruptible, even the ornament of a meek and quiet spirit, which is in the sight of Good great price. 
 Jeremiah 17:9 
The heart is deceitful above all things, and desperately wicked: who can know it? 
 This is why we have to do like Brother Smith said last night, Keep ourselves tied to that pulpit and the man of God lest I be found a hypocrite and a lier. 
 Reply 
 
 Sarah Gulley says:   April 18, 2019 at 8:16 am  
 
 Job 27:5-6 
5) God forbid that I should justify you: till I die I will not remove mine integrity from me. 
6) My righteousness I hold fast, and will not let it go: my heart shall not reproach me so long as I live. 
 If we go back to Job 2:3, we are reminded of what God said to Satan, "Hast thou considered Job, that there is none like him in the earth, a perfect and an upright man, one that feareth God, and escheweh evil? and still he holdeth fast his integrity, although thou movedst me against him, to destroy him without cause." 
In spite of the loss of his wealth, his children, his health, and the accusations of his friends, Job held on to his integrity and righteousness. 
 No matter what we may go through in life or what people may accuse us of, we must hold on to integrity and righteousness. 
Psalms 25:21 says, "Let integrity and uprightness preserve me…" 
 Reply 
 
 Jim Gulley says:   April 18, 2019 at 8:29 am  
 
 I Love To Worship The Lord 
 Job 27:1-6 (Speaking wickedness) 
What a temptation to say what we think others want to hear. The pious platitude often covers up an aching heart or painful doubts. Job has taken a courageous course and will not desert it. However great the pressure, he will be honest with God and honest with others. The fierce honesty that Job chose did not produce any easy or quick answers. But in the end, as we will see, it won commendation from God. 
 Reply 
 
 Sylvia Galvan says:   April 18, 2019 at 9:50 am  
 
 Job 27:6 My righteousness I hold fast, and will not let it go: my heart shall not reproach me so long as I live. 
 In spite of the loss of family, wealth, and health and the accusations of his friends, Job maintain his integrity to the end. 
 Acts 24:16 And herein do I exercise myself, to have always a conscience void of offence toward God, and toward men. 
 Reply 
 
 David Arvizu  says:   April 18, 2019 at 10:23 am  
 
 ““This is what the wicked will receive from God; this is their inheritance from the Almighty. They may have many children, but the children will die in war or starve to death. Those who survive will die of a plague, and not even their widows will mourn them. “Evil people may have piles of money and may store away mounds of clothing. But the righteous will wear that clothing, and the innocent will divide that money. 
 The wicked go to bed rich but wake to find that all their wealth is gone.” 
‭‭Job‬ ‭27:13-17, 19‬ ‭NLT‬‬ 
 Nothing good will ever happen to those who choose to remain disobedient towards Jesus. Sin will always lead you to death, but truth will always lead you to hope. 
 Reply 
 
 Gwen L. Watts says:   April 18, 2019 at 10:24 am  
 
 MSG - 27 1-6 Having waited for Zophar, Job now resumed his defense: 
 “God-Alive! He’s denied me justice! 
God Almighty! He’s ruined my life! 
But for as long as I draw breath, 
and for as long as God breathes life into me, 
I refuse to say one word that isn’t true. 
I refuse to confess to any charge that’s false. 
There is no way I’ll ever agree to your accusations. 
I’ll not deny my integrity even if it costs me my life. 
I’m holding fast to my integrity and not loosening my grip— 
and, believe me, I’ll never regret it. 
 Integrity is so important. Even in the midst of everything that Job went through, he kept his integrity. 
 What does my integrity look like? Am I representing JESUS well in all that I do? Am I transparent so that the Spirit of the Lord is evident in me, and people can see JESUS? Do I do what I say I'm going to do, and do I do it well? 
 Integrity is an area that the plumb line of character and the word of God can be used in my life. I must measure up to what the word says about me and what I say about myself. 
 Reply 
 
 jaci linton says:   April 18, 2019 at 10:54 am  
 
 18 “He builds his house like a spider’s web, 
Like a (temporary) hut which a watchman makes. AMP 
 Temporary. "Homes" built on anything other then the firm solid foundation of the Word of God, it temporary. It will not withstand the storms, trials, and everyday wear and tear. 
 To the spider the web is a sufficient home, however the web for a grasshopper wouldn't be attainable. How many times, have we tried to build our homes for someone other then ourself? 
 Through your personal altar, your personal relationship, and through your personal devotions of the word. It will begin building a solid foundation on JESUS which can withstand any storm. 
 Reply 
 
 Michael K Watts (@Revmichaelwatts)  says:   April 18, 2019 at 10:57 am  
 
 FIRST THE KINGDOM 
ITS NOT WORTH IT 
 8 For what is the hope of the hypocrite, though he hath gained, when God taketh away his soul? 
 What is a hypocrite? 
 Hypocrite - 1: a person who puts on a false appearance of virtue or religion 
2 : a person who acts in contradiction to his or her stated beliefs or feelings 
 Hypocrite - chânêph, khaw-nafe'; from H2610; soiled (i.e. with sin), impious:—hypocrite(-ical). 
 My understanding of a Hypocrite is a "pretender". 
 GOD has called us to "BE Real". 
 BE a Real Christian, Believer, Example and Minister. 
 Whatever is gained through falsehood traits, tactics or tendencies will cost your soul. Speak TRUTH, Live TRUTH, Love TRUTH, Share TRUTH. 
 iRepent 
iPraise 
iPray 
iWork 
iGive 
iReap 
iGo 
iBlessYouInTheNameOfJESUS 
 Reply 
 
 walesafashfeathers  says:   April 18, 2019 at 11:12 am  
 
 7 Let mine enemy be as the wicked, and he that riseth up against me as the unrighteous. 
 8 For what is the hope of the hypocrite, though he hath gained, when God taketh away his soul? 
 9 Will God hear his cry when trouble cometh upon him? 
 10 Will he delight himself in the Almighty? will he always call upon God? 
 In this passage, Job was furies at his friends for accusing him of being wrong in his actions or wrong in something in his life towards God, so he was calling upon God to bring the same punishment against his friends that they thought he deserved. Job pleaded his case to God saying if things like this would've happen to them and they prayed, and you went silent on them or turned your face from them in these hard times you have brought upon me, these hypocrites would've stop praying and stop believing, surely they would've turned from you. But Job said even as you have made my soul bitter, I still call upon you and pray to you. 
I have been in this very spot at times in my life, where as; suppose to be friends accused me of all kinds of wrong doing. They simply didn't know, how good my heart was, and behind closed doors how I cried out to God, prayed to God with tears streaming down my face, but put on a smile when out and about. Though my soul was bitter… for what didn't work out in my life, who I didn't have in my life no more due to death or people turning against me, and what I have lost. How I watched others prosper, while I went without and walked alone at times, yet still I called upon The Lord. How I wanted someone to understand me, or to stick by my side through thick and thin, yet no one did. All they could do, was try to find things wrong with me. Most of the things I was accused of, simply wasn't true. Although, I felt God was silent but I knew he was there. When I wanted to give up, God's Mercy reach out to me and found me, and he would speak one word in my spirit after long period's of time, and that word was ENDURE! 
So here I am still believing just like JOB and so many other characters in the bible who endured, through hard times, good times, love and hate, because I know The battle is not ours… It's The Lord's. 
 Reply 
 
 Carey Parker says:   April 18, 2019 at 11:34 am  
 
 3 All the while my breath is in me, and the spirit of God is in my nostrils; 
 4 My lips shall not speak wickedness, nor my tongue utter deceit. 
 The old saying keeps ringing in my ears when I read these scriptures that “if you don’t have anything good to say, don’t say anything at all”. It’s not about the amount we speak or not speak, it’s about the intent or quality of what we speak. I find that if you would practice telling the truth, then it becomes a way of life. I am so glad God has blessed me with s shepherd that doesn’t sugar coat the word of God and even when it stings, it is always with love and honesty. We as the Apostoluc church must not hamper the move of God and we can’t soften the word of God. 
 Hebrews 4:12 states- 
12For the word of God is quick, and powerful, and sharper than any twoedged sword, piercing even to the dividing asunder of soul and spirit, and of the joints and marrow, and is a discerner of the thoughts and intents of the heart. 
 As long as we preach this word with love and with the intent on saving their souls, we can not water down the gospel at any cost. Seeking first the kingdom of God will keep us wise and knowledgeable to what and when to speak. 
 I love the Kingdom! 
 Reply 
 
 Karen Wakefield says:   April 18, 2019 at 11:46 am  
 
 Job 27: 7-8 [ Amp] Let my enemy be as wicked , and let him who rises up against me be as the unrighteous, [8] For what is the good of godless and polluted , even through He has gained [ on this world], when God cuts him off and takes away his life? No matter what I lose in my life, I know the truth comes from Lord. He will never forsake or leave us. It's worth it to hold fast to His will. Our battles and God's. 
 Reply 
 
 Karen Wakefield says:   April 18, 2019 at 11:46 am  
 
 Job 27: 7-8 [ Amp] Let my enemy be as wicked , and let him who rises up against me be as the unrighteous, [8] For what is the good of godless and polluted , even through He has gained [ on this world], when God cuts him off and takes away his life? No matter what I lose in my life, I know the truth comes from Lord. He will never forsake or leave us. It's worth it to hold fast to His will. Our battles and God's. 
 Reply 
 
 Whitney Hill says:   April 18, 2019 at 12:32 pm  
 
 “The wicked build houses as fragile as a spider’s web, as flimsy as a shelter made of branches.” 
‭‭Job‬ ‭27:18‬ ‭NLT‬‬ 
 “Whose hope shall be cut off, and whose trust shall be a spider's web. He shall lean upon his house, but it shall not stand: he shall hold it fast, but it shall not endure.” 
‭‭Job‬ ‭8:14-15‬ ‭KJV‬‬ 
 Will your house stand? 
 If it is not built on the foundation of the Word of God and prayer, it will not be able to endure the storms. 
 I’m reminded of the story of the three little pigs. The first two pigs in the story built their house out of materials that were easier to work with. The third one, however, built it with the very best material he could find, and his was the only one left standing. 
 Making a conscious decision everyday to follow God may not always be the “easier” choice. It may take a little more time and a little more effort, but building on the strong foundation that is God, is the only way to withstand the storm! 
 Reply 
 
 Brittany Ann Montes says:   April 18, 2019 at 2:15 pm  
 
 As God liveth, who hath taken away my judgment; and the Almighty, who hath vexed my soul; 
 3 All the while my breath is in me, and the spirit of God is in my nostrils; 
 4 My lips shall not speak wickedness, nor my tongue utter deceit. 
 5 God forbid that I should justify you: till I die I will not remove mine integrity from me. 
 Reply 
 
 Mary Ponder says:   April 18, 2019 at 3:54 pm  
 
 Job 27 
 
 
 Will he delight himself in the Almighty? will he always call upon God? 
 
 
 I will teach you by the hand of God: that which is with the Almighty will I not conceal. 
 
 
 "I will teach you by the hand of God:". When we can't reach someone ourselves, through prayer the hand of Gpd can. So we should call on God and continue to witness the way of the Lord with boldness. 
Praise God for His blessings. 
 Even when I can't see it, He's working. 
Even when I can't feel it, He's working. 
He never, He never stops working. 
He never, He never stops working. 
 Always call upon Him for what you need. He cares for you. 
 Reply 
 
 DGraham says:   April 18, 2019 at 5:06 pm  
 
 For what hope do the godless have when God cuts them off and takes away their life? 
Job 27:8 NLT 
The truth of the matter is that the godless have NO hope after this life. Therefore, we should never envy the wicked or covet what they have because it will not last! 
But Abraham said, Son, remember that thou in thy lifetime receivedst thy good things, and likewise Lazarus evil things: but now he is comforted, and thou art tormented. 
Luke 16:25 KJV 
All that really matters in this life is that we are prepared by Jesus for the next one! 
 Reply 
 
 The Hills says:   April 18, 2019 at 7:25 pm  
 
 ““I vow by the living God, who has taken away my rights, by the Almighty who has embittered my soul— As long as I live, while I have breath from God, my lips will speak no evil, and my tongue will speak no lies. I will never concede that you are right; I will defend my integrity until I die. I will maintain my innocence without wavering. My conscience is clear for as long as I live.” 
Job‬ ‭27:2-6‬ ‭NLT‬‬ 
 It seems that Job waited for his friends to reply – it was, after all, Zophar’s turn. But they were silent, either out of weariness or frustration with Job. 
 Reply 
 
 Rod Castillo says:   April 18, 2019 at 8:05 pm  
 
 7“May my enemy be punished like the wicked, 
my adversary like those who do evil. 
 We all want our enemy punished. But I’ll let God decide the punishment they deserve. At the same time God just might forgive your enemy. Only God is the judge over good and evil. 
 Reply 
 
 Brittany Gray says:   April 18, 2019 at 10:27 pm  
 
 All the while my breath is in me, and the spirit of God is in my nostrils; 
 With every breath we should praise god! And with our lips give him glory no matter what other think or may think of us. Loving God to much is never a problem but it is a problem when we start thinking we can live without him. 
 Reply 
 
 Devon Avery says:   April 18, 2019 at 10:29 pm  
 
 3 All the while my breath is in me, and the spirit of God is in my nostrils; 
 For ever God will be with me! The Spirit of God loves in me because he is the Almighty. The spirit of God is in my Nostrils but my breath in my lungs, we have to let God in first before we let our will go before us. 
 Reply 
 
 Elizabeth Werden says:   April 18, 2019 at 11:02 pm  
 
 As long as my life is within me, And the breath of God is [still] in my nostrils, My lips will not speak unjustly, Nor will my tongue utter deceit. 
JOB 27:3‭-‬4 AMP 
 https://bible.com/bible/1588/job.27.3-4.AMP 
 Reply 
 
 Li Crockett says:   April 18, 2019 at 11:04 pm  
 
 When you are a child of God, you cannot let others bring you down. God is our strength and help in the time of trouble. The bible declares us to be more than conquers. With God on our side, we will win. 
 Reply 
 
 J_MaN707 says:   April 19, 2019 at 12:05 am  
 
 As long as my life is within me, And the breath of God is [still] in my nostrils, My lips will not speak unjustly, Nor will my tongue utter deceit. Far be it from me that I should admit you are right [in your accusations against me]; Until I die, I will not remove my integrity from me. I hold fast my uprightness and my right standing with God and I will not let them go; My heart does not reproach me for any of my days. 
JOB 27:3‭-‬6 AMP 
 Yes you, I, we, can… though it may seem extremely hard, yet God has given us the way to overcome, to go through the trial. It sometimes seems as though you are dying, well it may just be that you are. You are dying to self will, you are dying to the flesh and its lusts, you are dying to you but being made alive in Him. In the trial, will he find faith? Will He find you to be faithful and not growing weary in well doing? Dont give in, dont give up it's better to endure for a little while than have to take the test again. You can do all things through Christ which strengthens you. When you find yourself running on empty on joy becuase of the fire of the test run to Him fill yourself back up with that living water, run to Him for in His presence is fulness of joy. Run to Him and let Him fuel you up to be on the side of the fire that never burns out. Take it as a promise from the Word that says "you SHALL" reap, not you might… but you shall if you faint now. There is reaping coming and seasons will change. Dont loose your integrity dont lose heart, dont loose faith. Keep believing, keep encouraging yourself in the Lord and keep praises high for there He will make His habitation, and there you will find your strength and joy. 
 Reply 
 
 Cory Buchtan  says:   April 19, 2019 at 1:10 am  
 
 Thank you Jesus!!! 
 Reply 
 
 nicolejohnson811  says:   April 19, 2019 at 7:21 am  
 
 The wicked man 
 “Though he heap up silver as the dust, and prepare raiment as the clay; He may prepare it, but the just shall put it on, and the innocent shall divide the silver.” 
‭‭Job‬ ‭27:16-17‬ ‭KJV‬‬ 
 The wicked think they are getting away with things. They think they are gathering treasures, but they will be given to someone else. They think they are storing up things in heaven, but they don’t even have a home there. We are not of this world. We don’t follow the same ideas and principles set by those of this world. We must follow the Bible and Jesus. That is the measure that doesn’t change that’s e will be meandered by to see if we are wicked or not. 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Search 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Psalm Chapter 149 - Chronological 
 Psalm Chapter 148 - Chronological 
 Psalm Chapter 147 - Chronological 
 Psalm Chapter 146 - Chronological 
 Psalm Chapter 134 - Chronological 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 Cariana Crockett  on  Psalm Chapter 149 -… 
 
 
 
 
 J_MaN707 on  Psalm Chapter 149 -… 
 
 
 
 mcrockett06 on  Psalm Chapter 149 -… 
 
 
 
 Mariah Blanco on  Psalm Chapter 149 -… 
 
 
 
 
 Cory Buchtan  on  Psalm Chapter 149 -… 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 January 2021 
 December 2020 
 November 2020 
 October 2020 
 September 2020 
 August 2020 
 July 2020 
 June 2020 
 May 2020 
 April 2020 
 March 2020 
 February 2020 
 January 2020 
 December 2019 
 November 2019 
 October 2019 
 September 2019 
 August 2019 
 July 2019 
 June 2019 
 May 2019 
 April 2019 
 March 2019 
 February 2019 
 January 2019 
 December 2018 
 November 2018 
 October 2018 
 September 2018 
 August 2018 
 July 2018 
 June 2018 
 May 2018 
 April 2018 
 March 2018 
 February 2018 
 January 2018 
 December 2017 
 November 2017 
 October 2017 
 September 2017 
 August 2017 
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 
 August 2011 
 July 2011 
 June 2011 
 May 2011 
 April 2011 
 March 2011 
 February 2011 
 January 2011 
 December 2010 
 November 2010 
 
 Categories 
 
 Uncategorized 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
