Workable 
 
 
 Workable is effective recruiting software for teams 
 
 
 learn more 
 
 
 home 
 
 
 subscribe 
 
 
 free 15 day trial 
 
 
 home 
 Workable makes it easy to get indexed in Google for Jobs 
 Heath Allen  |  Workable features  | July 21, 2017April 17, 2019 
 
 At Workable we’re constantly striving to expand our customers’ ability to fill their open jobs quickly and with the right candidates. For many companies, that process starts with getting your open jobs in front of the right audience. 
 Over the course of the last year we have added dozens of new sites to get your job listings more exposure. This includes a large expansion to sites in over  100 countries  via our partnership with The Network. We’ve also added functionality to make it easier to post to multiple sites simultaneously through the addition of a  shopping cart feature , and we added a whole new way of advertising jobs with the release of our  Pay Per Applicant plans . Candidate sourcing isn’t just a priority at Workable, it’s a passion. 
 Last month when Google  announced  its new Google for Jobs search tool, it wasn’t long before our customers were all asking the same question: “How do I get my jobs to show up in Google search results?” 
 It’s a good question – and we’d already started working with Google on the answer. That’s why we're excited to announce that jobs posted through Workable in the US and the UK (plus a number of other countries) are now automatically recognized, and will appear in Google job search results. 
 What is Google for Jobs? 
 Aimed at making the job search easier for candidates, Google for Jobs is an  enhanced search feature  that aggregates listings from job boards and careers sites and displays them prominently in Google Search. 
 Now when you search for jobs in using the Google job search engine, you’ll view job listings in a dedicated space at the top of the search results, like this: 
 When job seekers click to find out more, they are taken through to the source, to read the full job description and apply. 
 Looking to get your job advertisement in front of the right candidates? See how Workable compares to other applicant tracking systems, like Lever  and Greenhouse. 
 I’m a Workable customer, how do I get my jobs to appear in Google for Jobs search results? 
 Getting your jobs to appear in search results has never been easier. Workable customers in the US or the UK simply need to publish an open job on their  careers site . Google prides itself on providing the most relevant information for any search or query, so, to attract the most relevant candidates, complete the job targeting options at the bottom of the Workable  job editor  when you post the job. These fields highlight the information that candidates are most likely to be searching for: 
 
 The more detail you add, the more relevant information Google has to match you to your ideal candidate pool. This is especially beneficial for those targeting niche or specialist roles. 
 The jobs you post will then be indexed by Google’s search engine and appear in search results automatically. 
 Interested candidates can view the job details and begin the application process via Google for Jobs. Easy for you. Easy for candidates. 
 Not a Workable customer yet? Discover why we're the leading ATS for ambitious companies. Sign up for our  15-day free trial  and start hiring better people, faster. 
 Share 
 
 Looking for an all-in-one recruiting solution? Workable can improve candidate sourcing, interviewing and applicant tracking for a streamlined hiring process. Sign up for our 15-day free trial today. 
 Get a free trial 
 Heath Allen 
 Heath is the former Director of Partnerships at Workable. He posted regularly about our partnerships and integrations. Interested in partnering with Workable?  Find out more . 
 Get jargon-free hiring advice 
 Latest in this category 
 
 Grow stronger engineering teams with HackerRank and Workable 
 To find and hire in-demand developers with the right skill set for your team, evaluation n... 
 Read more 
 
 Introducing Workable 2.0 – and the future of hiring 
 The next time you log in to Workable, if you haven’t already, you'll notice the enti... 
 Read more 
 
 Five big reasons to put employee referrals back on the radar 
 The benefits of employee referral programs are well-known. They’re one of the best ways of... 
 Read more 
 Recruiting software for ambitious companies 
 From candidate sourcing to applicant tracking and structured interviews, 
Workable is trusted by over 6000 companies to streamline their recruiting. 
 learn more 
 Get jargon-free hiring advice 
 from our recruitment experts 
