Skip to content 
   
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 START HERE 
 Make Money Online
 
 Littlemama’s Money Making Guide 
 The Best Way On How To Make Money Online From Home 
 21 Best Ways To Earn Extra Money From Home Online, No Scams! 
 How to Make Money With No Money with Amazon For Beginners 
 How to Make Money With No Money Online: Step-By-Step Guide 
 More How To’s Here… 
 
 
 Make Money With Affiliate Marketing
 
 Littlemama’s Affiliate Marketing Guide 
 Best Affiliate Marketing Training to Sign Up: $40K Results Prove It! 
 7 Factors to Consider When Starting an Affiliate Marketing Business 
 What Is The Difference Between MLM and Affiliate Marketing? 
 Beginner’s Guide: How To Use Affiliate Marketing With A Blog 
 Why Affiliate Marketing Is Better Over Other Make Money Online Opportunities 
 How To Use Affiliate Marketing Programs To Monetize Your Blog 
 Where Can Beginners Get a Free Website for Affiliate Marketing? 
 More on Affiliate Marketing Here… 
 
 
 Make Money Blogging
 
 Littlemama’s Blogging Money Making Guide 
 How To Start Blogging For Income For Beginners 
 Your Quick Guide: How to Start Blogging for Beginners 
 Learn How To Earn Money Blogging & Make $906/Day Like Me! 
 How to Get Paid to Write Articles Online and Work From Home 
 How To Create A Blog With WordPress Step By Step Simple Guide 
 How To Create A Blog For Free In Less Than A Minute 
 Best Way To Learn How To Blog 
 A Step-By-Step Guide on How to Start a Travel Blog and Get Paid 
 7 Tips On How To Get A Higher Ranking On Google For Your Blog 
 9 Tips On How To Write Great Blog Posts For Affiliate Marketing 
 How To Work From Home With A Blog And Make Money From It 
 More Blogging Tips… 
 
 
 Site Info
 
 Best Tools I Use 
& Recommend 
 Private 1-on-1 Consultation 
 Contact 
 About 
 Disclosure 
 Privacy Policy 
 Earnings Disclaimer 
 
 
 
 3 Sites That Pay Per Hour To Stay At Home – Real Legitimate Work From Home Jobs 
 July 23, 2020 by  Grace aka Littlemama 
 This post may contain affiliate links for more info visit my disclosure  page. 
 Do you hate going to your 9-5 jobs? 
 Is your job taking up all your energy and you have no free time for yourself? 
 Do you want to start working from home? 
 I will show you 3 sites that will pay you per hour to stay at home. 
 These are real legitimate work from home jobs that will pay you per hour so I think you should check them out right now! 
 Let’s look at the 3 sites: 
 
 Work For Pleio 
 Apply At VIP Kid 
 The Chat Shop 
 The Best Option To Earn A Full-Time Income Online 
 
 SUBSCRIBE TO MY YOUTUBE CHANNEL 
 If You Haven’t Made Any Or Much Money Online Yet, 
 See The Secret Weapon To My Success: 
 
 Work For Pleio 
 
 Pleio is a service that helps people take their medicine, their website is found at  pleio.com . 
 There are people who forget to take their medicine especially if they are starting out a new program or regimen to get themselves recovered. 
 Your work would be to help people stay on schedule. All you have to do is be one of their customer service people, who calls their customers and patients and reminds them to take their medicine. 
 It is mentioned on their website, that in the US, half the population fails to take their medicine as directed. 
 This is why Pleio from the GoodStart company is trying to change that. 
 The GoodStart program strives to provide patients with motivation, engagement when they need it to help them get to a good routine or schedule regarding their health. 
 Go to their webpage and scroll down to the bottom, and click on ‘Careers’ 
 This will take you to a page where you have to click on ‘Apply Now’ 
 This company will give you an opportunity to have a real job working from home. 
 Not only this, but you will also be able to make a difference in the lives of patients, you are going to be helping people. 
 You will also be able to find an 8 min video on their webpage which shows you how Pleio GoodStart works. 
 You are basically going to be helping people with their journey with medicine. 
 There are three main benefits of using Pleio and I will try to explain them briefly to you: 
 
 Outreach  : They will give you a personalized outreach designed specifically for you. 
 Support  : They will give you technology-based support. 
 Results  : They will measure results for the medicines you are taking. 
 
 So this will be the way you are going to be helping people. 
 Your earnings will be based on your performance mainly. And as you are working online, you will have a really flexible schedule. You can pick the times you want to work. 
 They will provide you with training before you start working, so you will know exactly what to do. 
 You can make $17 to $21 per hour and that’s not all you will also have the chance to earn bonuses. 
 This website is only available in the US. 
 Pleio has a really good rating of 4.3 out of 5. This means that this company is trusted. They will give you a good opportunity to start  working from home . 
 Apply At VIP Kid 
 
 VIP kid is a website where you can teach English to students in China. Their website is found at  vipkid.com . 
 Just like Pleio, even on this website you can make your own schedule and have all the flexibility that you want. Also, you will be able to be your own boss, as once you are accepted to be a teacher, you will not have to answer to anybody. 
 This website lets you  take your teaching career online  so you can be in the comfort of your own home while you teach. 
 All you have to do is aspire students in China to learn English. 
 You will be able to teach any day of the week and be very flexible, each class will only be for 25-minutes. You will be able to find out more about their schedule and their teaching hours   on this page. 
 You will be paid about $22 per hour plus there will be incentives and other opportunities to earn more. 
 They also have a great referral program so if you know any other teachers who would like to try out this site and have this opportunity as well, just invite them and refer them to this site and you will be able to earn through that as well. 
 They deposit your money to your bank account directly from the 10th to the 15th of every month. 
 This is a very highly rated website and they have more than 600,000 students and 70,000 teachers are working from them. 
 There are two main requirements that they need before you can apply to this site: 
 
 Native English Speaker  : You have to be a native English speaker to be able to work for VIP Kids. 
 Bachelor’s Degree  : They require you to have a bachelor’s degree, you do not need a teaching certificate but you do need this. 
 
 The Chat Shop 
 
 The Chat Shop helps other brands and companies establish a line of chat module on their website so that customers can get help right away. You can find their website at  thechatshop.com . 
 You can apply to be one of their live chat agents. Just go to their webpage and in the top right corner click on ‘Careers’ and then click on ‘Live Chat Jobs’. 
 If you like interacting with people, learning, and sharing your knowledge with others, you can join their team to represent their customers. 
 Every chat will be different and their customers are long term so it will be an important job as you have to maintain their relationships with their customers and do the job properly so the customers are satisfied with the work that you will be doing. 
 You will receive proper training before you start the job so you do not have to be worried about it and you will be able to learn new skills every day. 
 There are a few requirements that The Chat Shop needs before you apply for this job: 
 
 English  : You have to be a native English speaker. 
 Organization Skills  : You have to have high level of organization skills and attention to detail. 
 WPM  : You need to able to type above 65 words per minute and with 97% accuracy. 
 Working Hours  : You need to be able to commit to at least 20-40 hours per week and you need to have a commitment to the job. 
 
 They have a good rating of 3.9 out of 5 and you will be able to earn $9-$10 per hour. 
 The Best Way To Earn A Full-Time Income Online 
 
 All the websites that I mentioned above are great ways to start earning money online, but do you know what the problem is? 
 You will still be trading time for money. 
 Do you want to learn how to earn a passive online income? 
 I have been earning a passive online income since 2016 and if you are willing to put some hard work and some time, you will be able to do the same. 
 I earn money while I sleep, while I eat, while I am on vacation or when I am spending time with my family, basically any time, that is what having a passive online income stream is like and I can help you do the same! 
 I use a training to run an online business and I will be able to show you and be your mentor if you want to do the same. Click on my link below, I recommend doing this 100%: 
 CLICK HERE TO FOR MY FREE GUIDE NOW! 
 This is what I do online and what makes me a full-time online income every single month and you can learn from the exact training I used and still use today. 
 If you have any questions or thoughts regarding the 3 sites that pay per hour for you to stay at home that offer you real legitimate ways to make money online or anything else, please do not hesitate to  leave me a comment below . I always reply to my readers! 🙂 
 Let’s make money online! 
 
 Categories  Get Paid To ,  Making Money Online ,  Side Hustles ,  Teach Online  Post navigation 
 3 Websites That Pay PayPal Money As FAST As TODAY! Get Paid To Do Simple Stuff Online! 
 7 Ways To Make Money With Your TikTok Influence 
 Leave a Comment  Cancel reply 
 Comment 
 NameEmailWebsite 
 
 Connect With Me 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 
 
 My journey to making money online & living the laptop life! 
Workanywherenow.com is a participant in the Amazon Services 
LLC Associates Program, an affiliate advertising program designed 
to provide a means for sites to earn advertising fees by advertising 
and linking to Amazon.com and its partner websites. 
 Privacy Policy |   Earnings Disclaimer |   Affiliate Disclosures. 
 © 2021 WorkAnywhereNow.com • Built with  GeneratePress 
 0shares 
 
   
   
 
 
 Scroll Up 
