Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Senior Credit Analyst, High Yield 
 BC IMC 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 To be considered for this opportunity, please submit your resume and related information by email to Derrick Chow at Boyden (dchow@boyden.com), with “Senior Credit Analyst, High Yield– BCI” in the subject line. 
 Only qualified candidates that match the requirements will be contacted. Please do not submit your application directly to BCI. 
 DEPARTMENT DESCRIPTION 
 The Public Markets Group manages a portfolio of fixed income, equity and absolute return investments representing approximately $105 billion utilizing both index and active management strategies. The Group invests in Canada, the U.S. and Internationally in both the developed and emerging markets. Assets are managed using both internal management and external managers. The Group uses a diverse mix of financial instruments including bonds, equities and derivatives. In addition, the Group is a leader in Responsible Investing actively integrating environmental, social and governance factors into our investment analysis and decision-making. 
 Fixed Income & Foreign Exchange (FI&FE), a team within Public Markets, invests in public market debt and manages BCI’s foreign currency. FI&FE manages money market portfolios, bond portfolios, foreign exchange hedging and trading. 
 POSITION DESCRIPTION 
 Reporting to the Senior Portfolio Manager, High Yield, the Senior Credit Analyst, High Yield is responsible for actively monitoring the North American high yield market to generate investment ideas in a variety of industries as well as conducting diligent surveillance of existing positions while supporting a growing mandate. 
 With the creation of portfolio management “teams” in the Fixed Income & Foreign Exchange (FI&FE) group, the Senior Credit Analyst will have progressive portfolio construction, management and trading responsibilities coupled with research and analysis in the high yield market. 
 QUALIFICATIONS 
 Must have: 
A relevant university degree and a Chartered Financial Analyst (CFA) designation 
A minimum 5 years of experience in the high yield market in a research capacity 
In-depth knowledge of multiple industries 
Ability to work and excel in a team environment 
Excellent communication skills, both written and verbal 
Effective decision making skills 
Ability to stay calm under pressure 
Excellent attention to detail 
Ability to thrive in a dynamic work environment with evolving mandates 
 PRIMARY RESPONSIBILITIES 
 Generate actionable trading ideas by actively monitoring activity in the primary and secondary high yield market 
Support the SPM with portfolio construction, portfolio management, and trading responsibilities for high yield credit 
Compile concise written reports to justify recommendations 
Perform relative value analysis within and across industry groups, viewing individual ideas through a portfolio construction lens 
Actively monitor existing positions focusing on company specific and macro risks 
Interview management teams, providing capital market guidance where appropriate 
Work with bank syndicate desks to help craft new issue structure and pricing 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
