Work In Finland  Jobs in Finland for English speaking professionals and more 
 JOB SEEKERS   RECRUITERS 
 Menu 
 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 Finland News 
 Contact 
 Advertise with Us 
 Login/Register 
 Submit a Job 
 
 Job categories 
 
 New Jobs 
 Agriculture Jobs 
 Construction Jobs 
 Education Jobs 
 Finance Jobs 
 Health Jobs 
 Hospitality Jobs 
 IT Jobs 
 Office Jobs 
 Other Jobs 
 
 Search 
 Radius: Auto 1 km 5 km 10 km 50 km 100 km 1,000 km 5,000 km 
 19 Nov  2013 
 Full-Time Senior Developer 
 SC5 Online Oy -  Jyväskylä  , Central Finland, Finland 
 Job Description 
 Senior Developer We are looking for Senior Developers to join our world-class development team. In your work you will build HTML5 applications for tablets, smartphones and desktop PCs. 
 You understand that "HTML5" is not only a buzzword but a ubiquitous application platform. Your work is mainly with JavaScript in close collaboration with UX developers who craft the view layer with HTML and CSS. Your work is often R&D oriented. You are able to use your expertise to assess and select the latest technologies to meet and exceed customer expectations of next generation web application functionality and performance. As a Senior Developer, you may also choose to act as a lead developer on a project-by-project basis, which means communicating directly with customers and leading an agile project team. 
 You also agree responsibilities and organize work tasks, in addition to actual hands-on coding. In this job, you will get busy with: creating HTML5 single-page application front-ends building back-ends for single-page applications obtaining and maintaining state-of-the-art web application development knowledge by following and studying the latest technologies the voluntary opportunity to act as a Lead Developer leading an agile project team As a candidate, you have: a strong background in software development (with programming languages such as C, C++, C#, Java, Python, PHP) expert skills in JavaScript/CoffeeScript genuine interest in taking HTML5 forward as an application platform fluent written and spoken English Your suitability for this position is further enhanced by: experience in web/mobile application development experience in using version control systems (GIT) and test frameworks (e.g. Jasmine, Mocha) experience in JS MVC frameworks (e.g. Backbone.js) experience in Node.js (Express) or Python (Django) familiarity with HTML5 frameworks (e.g. Twitter Bootstrap) a degree in software engineering or computer science At SC5, you will get: a position in one of the top web development teams in the world high-profile customer projects in which you get to take the latest technology forward a workplace and company culture built around the developer a modern, quiet office in the heart of Jyvaskyla (Innova 2) Interested? Apply position:Senior Developer We are looking for Senior Developers to join our world-class development team. In your work you will build HTML5 applications for tablets, smartphones and desktop PCs. 
 You understand that "HTML5" is not only a buzzword but a ubiquitous application platform. Your work is mainly with JavaScript in close collaboration with UX developers who craft the view layer with HTML and CSS. Your work is often R&D oriented. You are able to use your expertise to assess and select the latest technologies to meet and exceed customer expectations of next generation web application functionality and performance. As a Senior Developer, you may also choose to act as a lead developer on a project-by-project basis, which means communicating directly with customers and leading an agile project team. You also agree responsibilities and organize work tasks, in addition to actual hands-on coding. In this job, you will get busy with: creating HTML5 single-page application front-ends building back-ends for single-page applications obtaining and maintaining state-of-the-art web application development knowledge by following and studying the latest technologies the voluntary opportunity to act as a Lead Developer leading an agile project team As a candidate, you have: a strong background in software development (with programming languages such as C, C++, C#, Java, Python, PHP) expert skills in JavaScript/CoffeeScript genuine interest in taking HTML5 forward as an application platform fluent written and spoken English Your suitability for this position is further enhanced by: experience in web/mobile application development experience in using version control systems (GIT) and test frameworks (e.g. Jasmine, Mocha) experience in JS MVC frameworks (e.g. Backbone.js) experience in Node.js (Express) or Python (Django) familiarity with HTML5 frameworks (e.g. Twitter Bootstrap) a degree in software engineering or computer science At SC5, you will get: a position in one of the top web development teams in the world high-profile customer projects in which you get to take the latest technology forward a workplace and company culture built around the developer a modern, quiet office in the heart of Jyvaskyla (Innova 2) Interested? 
 How to Apply 
 Please  Sign in  or  Register , and upload a CV in order to see the How to apply details. 
 _Job Categories: IT Jobs in Finland . Job Types:  Full-Time . Job expires in  Endless . _ 
 5159 total views, 2 today 
 Related jobs in Finland 
 
 Type
Related Ads
Job 
 
 
 
 Location
 Finland 
Date Posted
 15 Jan  2021
2. Type
Freelance
Job
 Junior Desktop Support 
Location
 Helsinki & Jyvaskyla 
Date Posted
 15 Jun  2017
3. Type
Full-Time
Job
 Technical IT Help Desk 
Location
 Piitie 1A, 01510 VANTAA  FI
Date Posted
 19 Sep  2014 
 
 Register your CV for FREE 
 
 Register as a Job Seeker to submit your CV. 
 
 Submit a Job 
 
 Starting at  € 99.00  for  30 days 
 
 
 5 of total 4528 Live CVs 
 
 
 * Browse by…
 
 
 
 Tags 
 
 
 Job Type 
 
 Freelance 
 Full-Time 
 Internship 
 Part-Time 
 Temporary 
 
 
 
 Job Salary 
 
 100,000 and above 
 20,000 - 40,000 
 40,000 - 60,000 
 60,000 - 80,000 
 Less than 20,000 
 
 
 
 Job Category 
 
 Agriculture Jobs 
 Construction Jobs in Finland 
 Education Jobs in Finland 
 Featured 
 Finance Jobs in Finland 
 Health Jobs in Finland 
 Hospitality Jobs in Finland 
 IT Jobs in Finland 
 Office Jobs in Finland 
 Other Jobs in Finland 
 
 
 
 Date posted 
 
 Today 
 This Week 
 Last Week 
 This Month 
 
 
 
 dedicated 
 
 
 finnish 
 
 
 Freelance 
 
 
 fresh graduates 
 
 
 hard working 
 
 
 honest 
 
 
 internship 
 
 
 language 
 
 
 Part Time 
 
 
 proofreader 
 
 
 retired 
 
 
 Social Media 
 
 
 Work from Home 
 
 
 
 
 Our Prices 
 
 €99.00 
 
 
 
 1 job only 
1 Jobs lasting 30 days, usable within 30 days 
 * €249.00
 
 10 Jobs Pack 
10 Jobs lasting 30 days, usable within 365 days 
 * €999.00
 
 UNLIMITED Pack 
Unlimited Jobs lasting 30 days, usable within 365 days 
 
 
 Related Blog Posts 
 
 Finland Embarks On 4M Euro Education Project in Kosovo 
 Finnish Company Receives 40Million Euro Contract 
 
 
 
 * [Subscribe](http://feeds.feedburner.com/JobsInFinland)  
 
 Receive the latest job listings 
 
 Follow Us 
Come join us on Twitter 
 
 
 
 Resources 
 
 Finland News 
 Career Advice 
 Work in Finland 
 Finland Immigration 
 
 
 
 Loved and Trusted by: 
 
 
 
 * [Error - An access token is required to request this resource.](https://www.facebook.com/workinfinland)

* [1296](https://twitter.com/workinfinland)

* [](https://plus.google.com/+Workinfinland/posts)
 
 Made with love for  Finland 
 
 About 
 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 Finland News 
 Contact 
 Advertise with Us 
 
 Resources 
 
 Finland News 
 Career Advice 
 Work in Finland 
 Finland Immigration 
 
 Trusted By 
 
 Copyright (C) 2009 - 2021 Work In Finland. 
 We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. 
 ACCEPT   See details  
