Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 ADMN O 18R - Legislative Editor – CLOSING DATE EXTENDED 
 BC Public Service 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Amendment (December 8):  Posting closing date extended to (December 16) 
 Legislative Editor 
Administrative Officer R18 
 Currently there is one temporary opportunity until March 31, 2021. 
A permanent appointment may result from this temporary appointment 
An eligibility list may be established to fill future temporary and/or permanent vacancies. 
This position is excluded from union membership. 
 The role of the Office of Legislative Counsel (OLC) is to assist government in meeting its legislative objectives. Legislative counsel (lawyers) draft legislation and advise government on the legislative process and the interpretation of legislation. Legislative editors and regulations editors are part of the OLC’s team of publications professionals who directly support the drafting and legislative processes by readying legislation for presentation to the Legislative Assembly, the Lieutenant Governor in Council or other authorities and by preparing the official publications of the statutes and regulations. 
 As an editor, you will use your linguistic expertise, your keen eye for detail, and your ability to find creative solutions to language issues in draft legislation. You will fulfil your need for order by expertly managing your editing projects and meticulously tracking the history of enactments and legislative changes to them. You will satisfy your curiosity by researching legislation. You will exercise your publishing prowess by preparing the annual and consolidated statutes and regulations for publication in accordance with OLC standards. 
 You thrive in a fast-paced environment in which adaptability, organization and clear communication are required to produce high-quality results under routinely tight time constraints. No matter the circumstances, you strive for excellence because you believe that anything worth doing is worth doing well. Knowing that teamwork and a collegial environment yield the best possible results, you nurture good working relationships with colleagues. 
 The capital of British Columbia, Victoria is a beautiful city, with beautiful beaches and harbours, and a variety of provincial parks to explore. Located on Vancouver Island, Victoria offers a bustling downtown scene and has a wide range of restaurants and entertainment venues to choose from. 
 The BC Public Service is committed to creating a diverse workplace to represent the population we serve and to better meet the needs of our citizens. Consider joining our team and being part of an innovative, inclusive and rewarding workplace. 
 In addition to applying through the BC Public Service Recruitment System, you must email a copy of your cover letter and resume, in a single PDF, to Katrina Horne at Katrina.Horne@gov.bc.ca. Your application will not be considered if your email is not received before the competition closes. For complete details about this opportunity, including accountabilities, please refer to the attached job profile. For specific position related enquiries, please contact Katrina.Horne@gov.bc.ca. 
 For more information about how to complete your job application, add/edit your resume and for more useful tips when applying for jobs, please refer to the Your Job Application page on the MyHR website. If you are still experiencing technical difficulty applying for a competition, please send an e-mail to BCPSA.Hiring.Centre@gov.bc.ca, before the stated closing time, and we will respond as soon as possible to assist you. 
 NOTE:  Applications will be accepted until 11:00 pm Pacific Standard Time on the closing date of the competition. 
 In order to be considered for this position, your application must clearly demonstrate how you meet the education and experience as outlined below: 
 
 University degree in English, Publishing or other related programs of study; OR 
 An equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered. 
 Extensive experience editing, proofreading and checking the accuracy of documents prepared by other professionals, including conducting related research and analysis. 
 Experience managing projects or project components. 
 Experience in desktop publishing and producing attractively formatted material for print and online publication. 
 Experience in a formal office environment, preferably a legal office environment. 
 
 Preference may be given to applicants with: 
 
 Experience with current communications strategies, such as plain language and gender inclusive strategies. 
 Experience with FrameMaker, Acrobat DC or other desktop publishing software and with FileMaker Pro or other database software. 
 Experience with Microsoft Word and Outlook. 
 
 Applicants selected to move forward in the hiring process may be assessed on the Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies as outlined in the attached Job Profile located in the Additional Information section at the bottom of the posting. 
 A Criminal Record Check (CRC) will be required. 
 APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS: 
 Cover Letter:  YES - A cover letter is required as part of your application. The content and/or format of your cover letter may be evaluated as part of the assessment process. 
 Resume:  YES - Ensure your resume includes your educational accomplishments, employment history including start and end dates (month and year) of your employment, and any relevant information that relates to the job to which you are applying. 
 Questionnaire:  YES - You will be required to answer a standard questionnaire. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
