Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Customer Service Contact Centre Representative 
 CIBC 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 We’re building a relationship-oriented bank for the modern world. We need talented, passionate professionals who are dedicated to doing what’s right for our clients. 
 At CIBC, we embrace your strengths and your ambitions so you feel empowered at work. Our team members have what they need to make a meaningful impact and feel truly valued for who they are and what they contribute. 
 To learn more about CIBC, please visit CIBC.com 
 Job Description 
 What You'll Be Doing 
 You’ll work in a fast- paced Contact Centre where you’ll use your knowledge of CIBC’s card products to support clients as they manage their day-to-day banking needs. As a Customer Care Representative at our Contact Centre, you’ll be the first point of contact for clients calling in with questions about their credit cards. You’ll deepen client relationships by quickly resolving issues, identifying financial opportunities, and providing personalized credit card solutions. 
 How You'll Succeed 
 Client Engagement - Offer an exceptional client experience by providing support to clients and helping them manage their credit card products. Focus on each client experience and connect on a personal level to make every interaction meaningful. Collaborate with others to ensure clients are connected to the right people and opportunities. 
Problem Solving - Listen, ask questions, and put yourself in the client’s shoes to quickly and efficiently resolve their issues. Act like an owner by taking accountability for client issues, and knowing when to lean on others to find the right solutions. 
Product Knowledge – Deeply understand CIBC’s suite of credit card products and use your knowledge to connect clients with the right product opportunities. Proactively suggest credit card options that will help clients achieve their financial goals. 
Ability to Multi-task – Listen, probe and review clients profile simultaneously to provide a resolution and recommendations for the client 
 Who You Are 
 You put our clients first. You engage with purpose to find the right solutions. You go the extra mile, because it’s the right thing to do. 
You love to learn. You’re passionate about growing your knowledge, and you know that there is no limit to what you can achieve. 
You’re driven to succeed. You are motivated by accomplishing your goals and delivering your best to make an impact. 
You’re passionate about people. You find meaning in relationships, and surround yourself with a diverse network of partners. You build trust through respect and authenticity. 
You engage with your heart and mind . You care about people and you understand different perspectives. You listen and learn from the experience of others. 
Values matter to you. You bring your real self to work and you live our values - trust, teamwork, and accountability. 
 What CIBC Offers 
 At CIBC, our people are our greatest asset. You’ll become part of a diverse community that acknowledges everyone’s unique talents, and empowers teams to do what’s right for the client, and to do it well. As part of our team, you will: 
 Thrive:  Benefit from an open and approachable culture that provides the flexibility and support you need to integrate your life at work and at home 
 Connect :  Work in a place where the right technology and infrastructure fosters innovation, collaboration and creativity 
 Develop:  Grow your skills and career through our best-in-class onboarding experience, ongoing learning opportunities, individual development planning and comprehensive product training 
 Prosper:  Share in our collective success with a competitive salary, incentive pay, banking benefits, health benefits program, and employee share purchase plan 
 What You Need to Know 
 CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation during the application or interview process, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com 
You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
 Job Location 
 Toronto-750 Law Ave. W., E1 
 Employment Type 
 Regular 
 Weekly Hours 
 37.5 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
