Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Outside Sales Rep 
 AS PAYMENTS 
 __Scarborough, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description 
 Looking for street smart sales agents for B2B Sales. 
 Do you have experience in door to door sales? 
 
 Have you sold water heaters door – door? 
 Insurance door – door? 
 Real estate door – door? 
 Chocolate door – door? 
 Anything door – door? 
 B2B experience -  BONUS 
 
 We want you to apply, full training is provided. We are training B2C sales agents to become B2B sales consultants. 
 B2B is shorthand for “business to business.” It refers to sales you make to other businesses rather than to individual consumers. 
 Selling B2B is different from selling B2C in a number of ways. The greatest difference is that you'll typically be dealing with either professional buyers or high-level executives when you attempt to make B2B sales. Buyers make their livings getting the best deals possible out of salespeople and they're good at it. Executives might include the CEOs of major corporations. 
 We offer: 
 
 Above industry HIGH COMMISSION structure 
 Monthly on-going residuals 
 Leads/Appointments 
 Full product & industry training 
 Consistent & supportive training 
 
 APPLY WITH A RESUME... 
 Requirements– Edit 
You have requested that Indeed ask candidates the following questions: 
 
 How many years of Door - Door Sales experience do you have? 
 Do you have the following licence or certification: Driver's Licence? 
 Do you speak English? 
 
 Job Types: Full-time, Part-time, Commission 
 Salary: $50,000.00 to $100,000.00 /year 
 Application QuestionsYou have requested that Indeed ask candidates the following questions: 
 
 How many years of outside logistic sales experience do you have? 
 How many years of Sales experience do you have? 
 Do you speak English? 
 
 Job Type: Commission 
 Salary: $50,000.00 to $60,000.00 /year 
 Experience: 
 
 sales: 1 year (Preferred) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 Ontario (Preferred) 
 
 Language: 
 
 English (Preferred) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
