Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Personal Support Worker (PSW) FT Salaried 
 SE Health 
 __Uxbridge, ON 
 Apply Now 
 About Us 
 SE Health (Saint Elizabeth Health Care) is a social enterprise applying our knowledge, vision and drive to forever impact how people live and age at home, today and into the future. As a not-for-profit organization with Canadian roots and 110 years of expertise, we bring quality excellence and innovation to home care, seniors’ lifestyle and family caregiving. Through our team of 9,000 Leaders of Impact, we deliver 20,000 care exchanges daily, totaling 50 million in the last decade alone. In 2019 we were honoured to be recognized by Forbes as one of Canada's Best Employers. 
 We are currently hiring PSW's to work FT in Port Perry/Uxbridge 
 Location- Port Perry and Uxbridge, ON 
 There are many reasons why you will want to bring your talent to our team: 
 This is a FT salaried role. 
 You will be part of a distinguished Canadian, not-for-profit organization with a century of experience 
 You will experience opportunities to use many of your skills and expand your knowledge 
 Ongoing opportunities for continuing education, training and professional development 
 Total Rewards program which includes group benefits, and pension plan. 
 Education bursaries 
 Extensive paid orientation and preceptorship program 
 Subsidized OPSWA memberships 
 Tuition Assistance Program 
 WorkPerks, which gives access to exclusive discounts from leading brand name companies and trusted local business 
 Eligible PSW’s will receive the $3.00 per hour for all client care hours as announced by the Government of Ontario. Please discuss with your recruiter during the interview. 
 Qualifications accepted to work as a PSW: 
Current PSW or OTA/PTA Certificate or Nursing student (2 clinical placements completed ) 
 Home Support Level 2 or level 3 from a recognized curriculum 
 Valid Developmental Support Worker Certificate. 
 Valid Certificate as a Health Care Aid 
 Valid Certificate as a personal Attendant 
 Foreign Trained Nurse, Midwife or Physicians 
 Graduates of a Paramedic Program 
 Requirements: 
Current First Aid / CPR Certificate 
 A valid driver’s license and vehicle. 
 Current immunization record (TB test completed within the past 12 months) is required upon hire 
 Current vulnerable sector check screening is required upon hire 
 Availability to work days OR evenings including weekends 
 A willingness to attain required SE Health certifications. 
 Enthusiasm and love of home community care and passion for evidence-informed practice & care excellence 
 Ability to be flexible and adaptable with excellent organizational skills 
 Ability to take initiative and adaptable to rapidly changing demands 
 Excellent interpersonal, communication (oral and written) and critical thinking skills 
 Demonstrated skills working independently and in a team environment 
 A demonstrated appreciation for quality improvement processes 
 Basic computer skills would be an asset 
 This is a physically demanding position and requires hand, arm and shoulder dexterity, sensory ability, lifting to a maximum of approximately fifty-five (55) pounds, walking, climbing stairs, standing, bending, reaching, and frequent movement 
 SE Health is committed to the success of all its employees. If you feel you need accommodations because of illness or disability, please do not hesitate to contact Human Resources at HumanResources@sehc.com at your earliest convenience. You will also be briefed on the Company’s policies, including its policies regarding human rights, accommodation and the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act (“AODA”) during your orientation process. 
 SE Health is monitoring the global COVID-19 pandemic closely and following all public health directives, including recommendations from the World Health Organization, Government of Canada, and federal and provincial health authorities. Our top priority is the health and safety of our clients, their families and our staff. 
 Please apply online raniaosman@sehc.com 
 INDGTA 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
