The Impossible Advantage 
 Don't bend the rules. Change them. 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 FREE SAMPLE 
 
 For game-changers only! 
 For game-changers only! 
 For game-changers only! 
 
 
 Authors 
 Blog 
 
 #55 (no title) 
 
 
 Testimonials 
 Contact us 
 
   
 Tag Archives: steve jobs 
 Steve Jobs likes to kill old things: What will the iPad kill? 
 Posted on  April 2, 2010  |  Leave a comment 
 Daniel Eran Dilger over at RoughlyDrafted Magazine has penned a wildly entertaining and insightful piece about the revolutionary potential of Apple's new iPad. The article is not only a fun read, it is one of the best articles about technological innovation we have ever read and the best explanation of Steve Jobs's true brillance at the same time - which is what our book & blog "The Impossible Advantage" are all about. It is no coincidence that the iPad starts shipping on Easter, starting a long rise to Heaven. 
 Here's what Daniel says. 
 
 Read Jobs’ more personal musings from the early 80s through the 90s and into the last decade, and you get the clear impression that Jobs understands death as a creative force better than most people. For society, culture, and technology to progress, old thinking has to die off to make way for fresh new ideas. People who don’t die are dragged kicking and screaming in the future the way Strom Thurmond panted into the last decade with segregation still ripe on his breath. 
 Jobs has uniquely, and remarkably, kept pace with radical changes in technology to maintain a position on the progressive front fringe of tech like no other figure in history. Nobody else has been around for nearly 40 years of progress, continuously leading major companies that define how the world works, and with a finger in everything from the enterprise to education to consumer markets. 
 
 Source:  http://www.roughlydrafted.com/2010/04/02/ipad-the-destroyer-19-things-it-will-kill/ 
 We could not agree more. It is no coincidence that we dedicated an entire case study in our book "The Impossible Advantage" to the iPod. 
 You can read more about our iPod case study here. 
 Leave a comment 
 Posted in  Uncategorized 
 Tagged  appl ,  apple ,  branding ,  change ,  innovation ,  ipad ,  steve jobs ,  strategic marketing ,  strategy ,  thinking 
 
 
 Search It! 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Recent Entries 
 
 Amazon Kindle edition of our book out: Sample available free of charge 
 Steve Jobs likes to kill old things: What will the iPad kill? 
 Why 90% of CEOs fail to innovate (and how you can avoid that trap) 
 Did iPod bend the rules? No. It changed them. 
 The authors: Strategic marketing veterans with strong roots at Procter & Gamble 
 
 
 
 Links 
 
 Ned Wiley: Think American. Think again 
 Our strategy consultancy - your innovation lifesaver 
 
 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
