
 6 Songs a Day: The Project 
 About Ms. Mo 
 
 my words on a string 
 ~ life in 6 songs a day 
 Search: 
   
 Tag Archives:  new job 
 Image 
 Roll, Muddy River, Roll Muddy River, Black Muddy River, Roll 
 [ 
 22   Thursday  Aug 2013 
 ](https://mywordsonastring.wordpress.com/2013/08/22/roll-muddy-river-roll-muddy-river-black-muddy-river-roll/) 
 Tags 
 analogies ,  Autism Spectrum ,  harried ,  I love my job ,  muscle fatigue ,  new experiences ,  new job ,  postaday ,  special education ,  teaching ,  The Grateful Dead 
 Let's say I was a marathon runner. We're playing hypothetically, just so you know. I don't run. So let's say suddenly, I decided to quit training for my marathons and become a rower. Although I am an athlete and I am very strong (we're still in the hypothetical), my arms aren't used to the muscle strain. Suddenly, I experience muscle fatigue unlike anything else, but it's a familiar feeling that I recognize and welcome. This is how I describe my new role as a special education teacher. I don't have the muscle memory, but I know that the old adage  no pain, no gain  rings true. 
 This might be a ridiculous analogy for some, but after 12 years of teaching English, I am using a very new set of muscles. I'm a little sore, and my reflexes are slowly returning to those when I taught English, but IT'S DIFFERENT. I wish I could explain it better. 
 I've been asked to dive head-first into a pool of unknowing, blindfolded. And here's the kicker: there are butterflies, but I am not afraid to let my feet leave the diving board. 
 When I began teaching in 2001, I had left finance and found myself in the unchartered waters of teaching. Talk about a fish out of water. I was told by the very wise Victor: go with the flow, ask when unsure, voice concern and frustration before you really feel this way. 
 I hold on to these sage florets of advice. 
 So the past five days have been trial and error. There are so many variables outside my control, and thank God I realize this. I haven't even given these variables a second thought. My students run the gamut of Cancer support, Autism Spectrum Disorders, your classic "learning disabilities" like dyslexia and spacial issues, if those are considered classic. And then there are those that fall into no category, something that more and more teachers, both mainstream and special ed are experiencing. It's not cut and dry (although, let's be honest. No PERSON is cut and dry). 
 Today I had an out-of-body experience. I asked a student to step outside to congratulate him for an amazing goal he reached yesterday in another class. He was still focused on a negative situation from earlier in the day, and suddenly, out of nowhere, I said, "We need to put that thought into a box temporarily, and take a look at the thought I am handing to you right now". Oddly, I remember using the analogy of a box for thoughts with one of my kids over a decade ago in Connecticut. It came naturally. And today, when I pulled it out of nowhere, it worked. 
 After a harried day of no preps, teaching through lunch, meetings before and after school, and putting out fires every class period with a very struggling student, it hit me. I know more than I think I do. Like riding a bike, I remember how to do things. 
 This realization kept me going all day, even past my grad school classes that finished after 9pm tonight. 
 Yeah, keep rolling, muddy river. I got you. 
 It's going to be a mostly bumpy ride, but thank God I love roller coasters. And that I LOVE my job. 
 
 Is She Really Going Out With Him-Joe Jackson 
 We Can Touch the Stars-The Jayhawks 
 Misty Mountain Hop-Led Zeppelin 
 Black Muddy River-The Grateful Dead 
 Freedom-Blues Traveler 
 The Boat That I Row-Neil Diamond 
 Posted by  my words on a string  | Filed under  Connecticut ,  Grad School ,  Life ,  Music ,  Teaching 
 ≈  Leave a comment 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 61 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Song Count: 
 428 
 Recent Posts 
 
 I’ve Carried the World on my Back with no More to Obtain 
 Haven't Had a Dream in a Long Time 
 And a Struggle Never Wins 
 
 Top Clicks 
 
 None 
 
 
 9/11   Alzheimer's   Bread Loaf   busy   Canada   Cars   change   childhood   children   christmas   college friends   Colorado   concerts   Counting Crows   Dad   death   Dolly Parton   DPchallenge   dreams   driving   family   first day of school   Friends   George Michael   Gram   growth   happiness   happy   healing   Heart Songs   Hero   Ireland   John Lennon   Laughing   life   London   loss   love   mean girls   memories   middle school   mom   Music   musicals   parents   Paris   Paul Simon   postaday   puppy   REM   running late   Sam Cooke   San Francisco   school   Sleep   songs   special education   students   summer   support   teaching   Technology   The Samples   The Shins   Tom Waits   travel   U2   vacation   Vermont   waylon jennings   Weezer   weight loss   Willie Nelson   work   writing 
 Archives 
 Archives Select Month January 2018  August 2017  May 2017  November 2016  May 2016  March 2016  May 2015  August 2014  May 2014  March 2014  January 2014  September 2013  August 2013  June 2013  April 2013  March 2013  February 2013  January 2013  December 2012  November 2012  October 2012  September 2012  August 2012  July 2012  June 2012  May 2012  April 2012 
 Categories 
 
 Canada 
 Colorado 
 Connecticut 
 Dating 
 Family 
 Friends 
 Grad School 
 High School 
 Ireland 
 Life 
 Music 
 Paris 
 Relationships 
 San Francisco 
 Shopping 
 Tahoe 
 Teaching 
 Uncategorized 
 Vermont 
 Weight Loss 
 Work 
 Writing 
 
 Follow My Words on a String 
 
 RSS - Posts 
 RSS - Comments 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
