Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Sushi Maker 
 Wusa 
 __Waterloo, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description 
 Makers Kitchen sushi chefs (prep staffs) 
 Salary: $14.00 to $17.00 /hour 
 Reports to the Kitchen Staff Supervisor. 
 Makers Kitchen is a fast paced kitchen that produces high quality grab and go food plus sushi for the University of Waterloo campus and stakeholders. The kitchen also is a high volume affordable catering kitchen that services the needs of UWaterloo Students. 
 Makers Kitchen is seeking individuals who want to work in a fast paced environment where they can learn new food service skills. The shift varies in time depending on demand but will typically be early morning to early afternoon weekday shifts. Some evenings and weekends are required. Generally hours are 6am-2pm and shifts can be scheduled within that time frame. 
 Nature and Scope 
 It is absolutely vital that the incumbent work with a high degree of consistency to ensure quality of goods is replicated from shift to shift. The individual is expected to work as a part of a kitchen team providing prep work, assembly of sushi/goods, and packaging of sushi/goods where required. These duties can vary from shift to shift. 
 The individual must have a high degree of professionalism when dealing with health and safety + food safety to ensure a safe and clean environment is maintained at all times. 
 Principle Accountabilities: 
 · Responsible for creating and packaging Grab and Go + Sushi on a daily basis 
 · Help maintain waste control, proper food portioning, dating and rotation of food items (utilizing FIFO) 
 · Strong work ethic and ability to meet production target timelines 
 · Maintain a safe and sanitary kitchen environment 
 Job Requirements and Special Skills: 
 · 1-3 years experience in sushi / food production 
 · Attention to detail 
 · Ability to stand for long periods of time and to lift up to 30 lbs safely. 
 · Experience working in a fast-paced kitchen environment 
 Assets 
 · Familiarity with safe food handling procedures 
 · First Aid certificate an asset 
 · Sushi making experience is an asset 
 · Knife skills and knowledge of kitchen equipment 
 Job Type: Full-time 
 Salary: $14.00 to $17.00 /hour 
 Expected Start Date: 2020-12-01 
 Job Types: Full-time, Casual 
 Benefits: 
 
 Casual dress 
 Dental care 
 Discounted or free food 
 Extended health care 
 Paid time off 
 Vision care 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 Day shift 
 Night shift 
 Weekends 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
