Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Seasonal Floor Stock Handler 
 Hudson's Bay 
 __Saskatoon, SK 
 Apply Now 
 What This Position is All About 
The Seasonal Stock Associate represents its ideals of service and quality to the customer. The Seasonal Stock Associate is responsible for back of house operations but must always be ready to support in-store service and ensure that the customer's overall experience is a positive one. 
 Who You Are: 
Strong problem-solving skills, analytical and creative thinker, proactive solution-oriented approach. 
Demonstrate an elevated level of customer service. 
Strong ability to dissect, analyze and solve complex problems in a timely manner. 
An out of the box thinker who is constantly looking for opportunities to improve the way things are done 
 You Also Have: 
Experience in a service/selling industry preferred. 
 As The Seasonal Stock Associate, You Will: 
Unloading and sorting truck merchandise. 
Sensor/prep merchandise for the sales floor. 
Merchandising goods onto the sales floor. 
Marking down merchandise and processing RTVs. 
Replenishment of register supplies. 
Make our customers feel welcome. 
Performs tasks while supporting in-store service experience. 
Complete sales transactions on register to assist customers as needed. 
 How Often You May Travel: 
NA 
 Your Life and Career at HBC: 
Be part of a world-class team; work with an adventurous spirit; think and act like an owner- operator! 
Exposure to rewarding career advancement opportunities, from retail to supply chain, to digital or corporate. 
A culture that promotes a healthy, fulfilling work/life balance. 
Benefits package for all eligible full-time employees (including medical, vision and dental). 
An amazing employee discount. 
 #HBInventoryAssociate 
 Thank you for your interest with HBC. We look forward to reviewing your application. 
 HBC provides equal employment opportunities (EEO) to all employees and applicants for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, disability or genetics. In addition to federal law requirements, HBC complies with applicable state and local laws governing nondiscrimination in employment in every location in which the company has facilities. This policy applies to all terms and conditions of employment, including recruiting, hiring, placement, promotion, termination, layoff, recall, transfer, leaves of absence, compensation and training. 
 HBC welcomes all applicants for this position. Should you be individually selected to participate in an assessment or selection process, accommodations are available upon request in relation to the materials or processes to be used. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
