Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Child and Youth Care Support Worker - Overnight Awake Position 
 Catholic Social Services 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 20-288 Child and Youth Care Support Worker 
 Overnight Awake Position 
 High Risk Youth Program - St. Jude's 
 Are you looking for a career that can make a difference in the life of a child or family in need? Put your passion for working with children and youth towards a rewarding opportunity with Catholic Social Services as a Child and Youth Care Support Worker with our High Risk Programs! 
 Catholic Social Services is currently recruiting for one (1), 34.5 hours a week, Child and Youth Care Support Worker in Edmonton, AB. This position has a rotation of 4 days on and 4 days off. 
 The schedule for days worked on Sunday - Thursday is 10:00 PM - 7:00 AM. 
 The schedule for days worked on Friday and Saturday is 10:00 PM - 10:00 AM 
 You will be joining an established Agency that is guided by faith to care for and bring hope to people in need with humility, compassion and respect. With more than 50 years of service delivery, Catholic Social Services is one of the largest multi-function social services agencies in Canada, with more than 1800 staff, and hundreds of volunteers delivering 130+ programs throughout Central Alberta. 
 “As a Catholic social services agency, we are guided by faith to care for and bring hope to people in need with humility, compassion and respect.” 
 Program Overview: 
Our high risk programs are residential group programs for high risk youth that have been exposed to substance, physical and mental abuse, sexual exploitation, physical/mental trauma, etc. This program supports youth to reduce their involvement in high risk behaviours using harm reduction principles and practices including circle of courage philosophy, strength based and resiliency focused assessments, which promote empowerment and stabilization. With counselling and support, clients work on developing skills to manage the high risk activities while working on personal goals to be able to transition to a long term residential program. 
 Job Summary: 
As a Child and Youth Care Support Worker, you will responsible for assisting in the implementation and progression of the Client Service Plan program created for each client. This position will assist in the supervision and support of the client while located at the program facility ensuring basic needs are met (food, clothing, shelter, healthcare, safety). The Child and Youth Care Support Worker will maintain a safe, warm and positive environment where children/youth feel welcomed and loved. 
 Other responsibilities include but are not limited to: 
Monitoring, supervising, and providing on-site support to children and youth located at the program facility 
Maintaining and adhering to established client service plans for children and youth 
Supporting children and youth through life skills teaching and in-the-moment learning, with a hands-on approach 
Performing routine and scheduled cleaning tasks throughout the facility in accordance with established standards and infection control practices such as, general cleaning and disinfecting, collection of waste and recycling materials, laundry, making beds, dusting, vacuuming, etc. Heavy duty cleaning of walls, ceilings, windows, doors and light fixtures, floors, etc. 
Complying with Health & Safety (OH&S) and Workplace Hazardous Material Information System (WHIMS) and other safety procedures, regulations, and policies. 
Completing scheduled client bed checks and program security checks to ensure client safety responding to concerns in a timely manner. 
Purchasing grocery supplies and preparing meals according to the menu plan. 
Administering medication as required, while monitoring, recognizing, and responding to medical concerns 
Completing and filing required program documentation with established timeframes 
Performing outreach duties may be required 
Other duties as required 
 Education and Qualifications: 
A High School Diploma (or equivalent) 
A minimum of one (1) to two (2) years experience working with children, youth and/or youth who are pregnant and plan to parent their children or already have children and require supports to parent 
Experience with high risk youth that have been exposed to physical/mental trauma and substance abuse is required. Certification or training in Aboriginal Awareness, Abuse Awareness, Standard First Aid, Medication Administration, and Violence/Crisis Intervention is a definite asset 
Valid Driver’s License 
 Police Information Check including vulnerable sector search, Intervention Record Check and/ or summary of driving record with no more than six (6) demerit points are conditions of employment and the financial responsibility of the candidate 
 Compensation: 
The salary range for this position is $18.09 to $20.35 per hour based on qualifications and experience. 
 Please apply online at www.cssalberta.ca/careers to competition number 20-288 
 We thank all applicants. Only candidates selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 We offer flexibility, a comprehensive benefits package and a supportive working environment. 
 We embrace diversity and offer equal opportunities to all qualified applicants regardless of origin, culture, ethnicity, age, ability, gender identity and people of faith or no faith. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
