Skip to content 
 The Social Exchange blog 
 By Leanne - A freelance social media and content specialist 
 Menu + × expanded collapsed 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Services 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 TAILOR MADE SOCIAL 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 Tag Archives: career 
 Advice to get started in digital marketing 2020. 
   
 From speaking at SYP_Oxford last year I've had a few questions around digital marketing and how to get started with a career in social media marketing. I love to help answer your questions so do keep them coming. Here's my top three tips and advice for anyone looking to get started in digital marketing this year. 
 Posted by Leanne January 17, 2020January 17, 2020 Posted in inspirational ,  leadership ,  lifestyle ,  marketing ,  Top tips Tags: business ,  business oxford ,  career ,  digital marketing ,  education ,  google analytics ,  google garage ,  leanne macduff ,  marketing ,  oxford ,  personal branding ,  personal development ,  publishing ,  social media manager ,  Social Media Marketing ,  tailor made social Leave a comment on Advice to get started in digital marketing 2020. 
 Discovering your passion 
 Have you ever looked at the end result of someone's life you look up too, but fail to see how to make that happen for us. I find the trouble with this approach to finding one's passion means that when things do go the way we planned we become disappointed. There is also the possibility Continue reading "Discovering your passion" 
 Posted by Leanne October 31, 2017 Posted in business ,  Top tips Tags: business development ,  career ,  gary vaynerchuk ,  growth strategy ,  leanne macduff ,  personal development ,  social media marketing manager ,  thought leadership Leave a comment on Discovering your passion 
 Talking point: Knowledge isn't enough. 
 Being knowledgable in an area, or skill is only the first step to gaining success, or significance within that field. Anyone can bluff their way round a topic, and get by with reading a few articles here and there, and taking it as their own. It may sound good, and many will be happy to Continue reading "Talking point: Knowledge isn't enough." 
 Posted by Leanne February 20, 2012February 20, 2012 Posted in business ,  leadership Tags: business ,  career ,  inspire ,  leadership ,  talking point Leave a comment on Talking point: Knowledge isn't enough. 
 Playing it safe 
 It is a far greater risk to do nothing in life, than it is to do something. We can say we have big dreams, we can proclaim that we want to help and do something for the greater good, and to an extent begin that process; and still not really believe in the possibility. If Continue reading "Playing it safe" 
 Posted by Leanne January 31, 2012 Posted in business ,  inspirational ,  leadership Tags: business ,  career ,  failure ,  innovation ,  motivational ,  work 1 Comment on Playing it safe 
 We are a product of our thoughts. 
 If we think small, we'll achieve small. If we think big, we achieve big. Sounds simple, right. Yet, even in the knowledge that this is true, we can still find ourselves going in a direction that we really don't want to be heading in, or getting into situations that cause a stir and send out Continue reading "We are a product of our thoughts." 
 Posted by Leanne January 25, 2012January 26, 2012 Posted in inspirational ,  leadership Tags: business ,  career ,  inspiration ,  leadership ,  thinking 1 Comment on We are a product of our thoughts. 
 Character shaping success 
 People are scared of failing, but the only thing that stops people from achieving their goal most often, or not is themselves. When we keep in mind that failure can be the springboard for success, and believe this to be true; ultimately we are setting ourselves up to achieve. If you truly want to achieve Continue reading "Character shaping success" 
 Posted by Leanne January 16, 2012January 17, 2012 Posted in inspirational ,  leadership Tags: achievement ,  ambition ,  business ,  career ,  desire ,  dream ,  inspirational ,  leadership ,  motivation ,  relationships ,  success 3 Comments on Character shaping success 
 A leader never stops following 
 The level at which you follow, will determine the level of which you will lead. A leader never stops following. The capacity of leadership on your life doesn't really matter. Whether you're leading an international organisation, raising a team, or raising a child at home. This statement affects every level of leadership. Who are you Continue reading "A leader never stops following" 
 Posted by Leanne January 15, 2012 Posted in business ,  inspirational ,  leadership ,  marketing ,  Social media Tags: business ,  career ,  idea ,  leadership Leave a comment on A leader never stops following 
 Now this is what I'm talking about… 
 Creativity isn't limited to the job we do, this guy illustrates yesterday's post so well. Here is someone who loves what they do; It really doesn't matter where we are in our career, whether we're living our dream yet, or not. How innovative can you be with where your at, on the road to where Continue reading "Now this is what I'm talking about…" 
 Posted by Leanne January 11, 2012January 11, 2012 Posted in business ,  inspirational ,  Uncategorized Tags: business ,  career ,  goal ,  life ,  path Leave a comment on Now this is what I'm talking about… 
 Being happy 
 Happiness is a choice. Why live any other way when we only have one shot at life. So if your business isn't where you want it to be yet, or your career is taking off as fast as you hoped be encouraged that good things are worth waiting for. We live in a microwaveable generation Continue reading "Being happy" 
 Posted by Leanne January 7, 2012 Posted in business ,  inspirational Tags: business ,  career ,  dream ,  inspirational Leave a comment on Being happy 
 The Social Exchange blog ,  Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
