Most Dangerous Jobs By Fatalities 
 By Jessica Dillinger on April 25 2017 in  Society 
 
 Operating engineers and construction equipment operators have the most dangerous jobs. 
 As scholars of all levels and disciplines complete their particular courses of study, they often do not know for certain what kind of a job they may be able to land with their newly acquired skills and academic achievements. At the heart of the matter, we all desire a decent job that not only helps us put food on the table, but also one that gives us a sense of fulfillment and proffers a work environment with peace of mind. That said, very few jobs are able to proffer absolute safety and, in many occupational fields, jobs carry a considerable degree of risk due to inherent occupational hazards. To shed more light into just how risky some jobs are, this article takes a look at the 15 most dangerous jobs in the U.S. and explores the different factors that make these jobs so hazardous. 
 Degree of Exposure to the Elements 
 One of the first things that qualifies a job as being dangerous is the degree to which it exposes workers to the elements. The various aspects of the ‘elements’ includes extreme winds on the high seas, underwater pressure, landslides, moving water, and temperature extremes. These each pose grave risks to occupational safety, and many of these phenomena need not occur in extreme degrees to cause severe injury, illness, or even death. Acute bouts of abnormal environmental exposure can be enough to claim fatalities, which is why jobs such as fishing, jobs in flight industries, and coal mining have all earned their respective places among some of the most dangerous in the U.S. 
 Risk of Slip Accidents 
 Having a high incidence of slip accidents is yet another all-too-often overlooked characteristic common to many dangerous jobs. Such accidents can become particularly dangerous in jobs requiring workers to scale heights with little to prevent their fall. If a worker fails to take the proper care, then a slip can easily leave them with a debilitating or even fatal injury. Certain jobs, such as roofers, construction laborers, power linemen, and construction equipment operators, are among the many that see such dangers on a daily basis. To completely safeguard against risk of falls on these jobs can require a level of diligence that's almost unattainable. 
 Risk of Unavoidable Accidents 
 Some jobs have been classified as among the most dangerous simply due to the fact these occupations are known to end up in fatal accidents from a variety of unavoidable causes. Notable workers facing such risks include drivers and logging workers, who are assaulted by a plethora of life-threatening risky situations. 
 Workers Vulnerable to Crime 
 Some jobs that have been classified as very dangerous have earned that distinction based on the extent to which they are prone to criminal incidence. The number of policemen or chauffeurs killed in the line of duty, for instance, is likely so high simply because workers in these sectors are often exposed to criminals and criminal acts. With increases in the number of confrontations with members of the underworld, the number of incidents ending up with victim fatalities increases as well. 
 Sanitation-Related Jobs 
 Sanitation occupations feature among the Top 15 Most Dangerous Jobs in the U.S. as well. This is due in part to such workers so frequently being subjected to hazardous chemicals, human excrement, and other dangerous materials. When these encounter an unprotected human body, the consequences are more often than not undesirable ones. Sewage disposal and recyclable materials collection are jobs carrying such risks. 
 In summary, all of our most dangerous jobs have their own unique hazards that may make them undesirable to safety-conscious individuals. These variables differ for each job, and some of the most dangerous jobs are not always precarious for obvious reasons. To see specific rates of occupational risks among each of the Top 15 Most Dangerous Jobs in the U.S., check out the table below. 
 Most Dangerous Jobs By Fatalities 
 
 
 
 Rank 
 Jobs 
 Number of Fatalities 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 Fishers and related fishing workers 
 116 
 
 
 2 
 Logging workers 
 92 
 
 
 3 
 Aircraft pilots and flight engineers 
 71 
 
 
 4 
 Farmers and ranchers 
 41 
 
 
 5 
 Coal mining 
 39 
 
 
 6 
 Roofers 
 32 
 
 
 7 
 Refuse and recyclable material collectors 
 23 
 
 
 8 
 Drivers/sales workers and truck drivers 
 22 
 
 
 9 
 Police and sheriff's patrol officers 
 18 
 
 
 10 
 Taxi drivers and chauffers 
 16 
 
 
 11 
 Electrical power-line installers and repairs 
 16 
 
 
 12 
 Construction laborers 
 16 
 
 
 13 
 Grounds maintenance workers 
 14 
 
 
 14 
 Athletes, coaches, umpires, and related workers 
 11 
 
 
 15 
 Operating engineers and construction equipment operators 
 11 
 
 
 
 
 Home 
 Society 
 Most Dangerous Jobs By Fatalities 
 
 Related 
   
 Jobs You Can Get With A Geography Degree 
   
 The Most Dangerous States in the United States 
   
 Most Dangerous Countries in the World 
   
 Most Dangerous Cities In North America 
 More in  Society 
   
 10 Countries Where Women Far Outnumber Men 
   
 The Most Famous Serial Killers In America And Their Twisted Crimes 
   
 How Many Serial Killers Are On The Loose Today? 
   
 How Many Serial Killers Are Active In The UK Now? 
   
 Types Of Crimes By Number Of Offenses In The US 
   
 The 10 Biggest Shopping Malls In The World 
   
 The Most Popular Sports In The World 
   
 The Largest Cities in Canada 
 All maps, graphics, flags, photos and original descriptions (C) 2021 worldatlas.com 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 
 Privacy 
 
 
 Copyright 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Fact Checking Policy 
 
 
 Corrections Policy 
 
 
 Ownership Policy 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 Continents 
 
 All Continents 
 North America 
 Caribbean 
 Central America 
 South America 
 Europe 
 Africa 
 Middle East 
 Asia 
 Oceania 
 Arctic 
 Antarctica 
 
 
 
 Countries 
 
 All Countries 
 US Maps 
 China Maps 
 Russia Maps 
 Philippines Maps 
 Egypt Maps 
 
 
 
 World 
 
 Environment 
 World Facts 
 Travel 
 Geography 
 Did You Know? 
 
 
 
 Education 
 
 History 
 Science 
 Quick Facts 
 Featured 
 
 
 
 Social Science 
 
 Economics 
 Politics 
 Society 
 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Contact Us 
 
 
 Privacy 
 
 
 Copyright 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search WorldAtlas 
