Skip to content 
 Biology, Medicine and Health Student Blog 
 Blog posts by undergraduate and postgraduate students at the Faculty of Biology, Medicine and Health at The University of Manchester, UK. 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 About / Contact 
 COVID-19 
 Undergraduate Students 
 Undergraduate Alumni 
 Postgraduate Alumni 
 Postgraduate Students 
 Postgraduate Research 
 
 Moving away from the lab for a career in public health 
 Posted on  March 5, 2020August 13, 2020  by  andrewfbmh 
 MPH Public Health  student, Emily Christopher, decided to study a postgraduate degree after realising she wanted a job away from the lab after studying  pharmacology  for three years. Below, she discusses the benefits of distance learning and provides an insight into what she has learnt during her time on the course so far… 
 In the second year of my Pharmacology degree at the University of Manchester, I decided that after graduation I wanted to move out of the laboratory and make a difference to people’s health by addressing its wider determinants. I spent the summer before my final year researching the numerous Public Health Master’s degrees across the UK whilst interning at a local council and found that my favourite was right under my nose. 
 The University of Manchester’s MPH Public Health course offers the ability to dive into the basics of epidemiology and population health as well as more niche areas like global women’s health, the effect of technology on health and the basics of emergency humanitarian assistance. The varied syllabus, combined with the ability to study online from the comfort of my home in Bedfordshire, makes the course appealing to a number of individuals including other recent graduates and public health professionals at all stages of their careers. 
 The flexibility of Manchester’s course has meant I was able to volunteer a day a week at my local council’s public health department, giving context to the theories and systems I learn about. This volunteering position recently became a permanent position as I am now employed part-time as a Public Health Practitioner, an appointment I would not have achieved without the valuable experience and knowledge my studies have afforded me. 
 The most notable experience of the course so far has been the Geneva Winter School Trip, run every December for a select number of students. On this eye-opening trip, we visited the World Health Organisation, United Nations and International Society of the Red Cross, where we heard from health experts facing the front lines in global healthcare. Studying the Global Health into the 21st Century unit, whose lead organises this annual trip, meant I again had tangible examples to relate my studies to. Aside from the benefits to study, this trip meant I was able to spend time with peers I would usually only communicate with online, it allowed me to make friends on my course upon whom I can rely, much like my undergraduate lab partner who became a best friend. 
 Being able to apply the deeper understanding of disease mechanisms and the inner workings of the human body I gained in my Bachelor’s, to the diverse political, environmental, social and political factors that affect health, has been invaluable. I have been able to use assignments to explore health issues I care about like the availability of and access to mental health and abortion services. 
 With a year left of my course I’m excited to continue learning, especially as I begin to think about my dissertation in which I hope to address some of the factors which determine the health inequalities present within the UK. I hope to combine this research with my job, as I work to provide drug and alcohol services across three local authorities, especially where a number of service users experience mental health problems alongside their addiction issues. 
 I couldn’t recommend this course enough. With great flexibility to study the units you choose over a time period that suits your needs, it fosters great discussions between students via frequent discussion boards and the freedom to apply learning to your individual setting, bringing the real world in line with your studies. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Tumblr 
 WhatsApp 
 Reddit 
 Pinterest 
 LinkedIn 
 Email 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 __  Posted in  Careers ,  Postgraduate Students Tagged  distance learning ,  masters ,  pharmacology ,  public health 
 Post navigation 
 Suicide prevention - The Mental Health Nursing perspective 
 My role as a student representative for the Association of Optometrists 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 Search 
 Search for: 
 Find us on social media 
 
 View bmhuom's profile on Facebook 
 View fbmh_uom's profile on Twitter 
 View fbmh_uom's profile on Instagram 
 LinkedIn 
 YouTube 
 
 Follow this blog via email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Most used tags 
 advice   alumni   biological sciences   biomedical sciences   Careers   covid   COVID-19   COVID19   Dentistry   Manchester   masters   medicine   mental health   MSc   nursing   pgt   pharmacy   PhD   placement   Placements   Postgraduate   psychology   Research   social responsibility   travel 
 Categories 
 
 Accommodation 
 Careers 
 City Life 
 COVID-19 
 Placements 
 Postgraduate Alumni 
 Postgraduate Research 
 Postgraduate Students 
 Research 
 Scholarships 
 Study Abroad 
 Uncategorized 
 Undergraduate Alumni 
 Undergraduate Students 
 University Life 
 
 My Tweets 
 Latest from Instagram 
       
 Latest posts 
 
 Loving every minute of teaching the Deaf 
 What to expect from an MRes in Tissue Engineering and Regenerative Medicine 
 The evolution of biosciences at Manchester 
 MSc Orthodontics: The lowdown 
 How my intercalation year made the future clearer 
 
 Archives 
 
 January 2021 
 December 2020 
 November 2020 
 October 2020 
 September 2020 
 August 2020 
 July 2020 
 June 2020 
 May 2020 
 April 2020 
 March 2020 
 February 2020 
 January 2020 
 December 2019 
 November 2019 
 October 2019 
 September 2019 
 August 2019 
 July 2019 
 June 2019 
 May 2019 
 April 2019 
 March 2019 
 February 2019 
 January 2019 
 December 2018 
 November 2018 
 October 2018 
 September 2018 
 August 2018 
 July 2018 
 June 2018 
 May 2018 
 April 2018 
 March 2018 
 February 2018 
 January 2018 
 December 2017 
 November 2017 
 October 2017 
 September 2017 
 August 2017 
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 
 Links 
 
 Biology, Medicine and Health at Manchester 
 FBMH Doctoral Academy Blog (for PhD students) 
 Live / Learn / Love Manchester 
 Manchester On The Road 
 My Manchester - Student News 
 Psychology Careers and Placements 
 STEPS 
 The University of Manchester 
 University of Manchester Aspiring Student Society blog 
 University of Manchester Nursing and Midwifery Placements – student blog 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
