Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 RES O 21R - Research Officer 
 BC Public Service 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Research Officer 
Research Officer R21 
 There is currently one permanent full time opportunity available. 
An eligibility list may be established. 
 Bring your strong analytical and technical skills to this dynamic opportunity 
 The Education Analytics Branch enables the K-12 sector in B.C. to be a world leader in the use of education data to support program and strategic planning, system performance and quality delivery of personalised education. The Office oversees the management, security and stewardship of education data and client services. The Outreach, Analytics and Reporting Unit is responsible for reporting on education system performance; for supporting Ministry program areas and School Districts and Schools in their use of data to make evidence-based policy decisions; for overseeing the administration and reporting of the Student Learning Survey; for fulfilling data requests and releases (e.g. government partners, legislated representatives and researchers); and for enhanced data visualizations and analysis. 
 The Outreach, Analytics and Reporting Unit reports on the population and demographic characteristics of the education system, the performance of students in that system, and operational characteristics (e.g., number of educators, program enrolment) for the ministry, school districts, schools and the public. The Unit develops visualizations and provides data, analysis and information to support and promote evidence-based policy decisions throughout the education sector. 
 The Research Analyst responds to requests for information by developing and conducting qualitative and quantitative research and communicating conclusions and recommendations through briefings, presentations, and various data and information reports. The Research Analyst will spend much of their time manipulating large data sets within a data warehouse environment, reviewing data sets for quality and consistency, and summarizing data for diverse audiences. The position works with ministry program areas, management, professional and administrative staff to support data-driven decisions across the entire K-12 system. As well as the Ministry and other government organizations, external organizations and researchers use the results of this work to improve understanding of the educational system and service delivery. 
 The capital of British Columbia, Victoria is a beautiful city, with beautiful beaches and harbours, and a variety of provincial parks to explore. Located on Vancouver Island, Victoria offers a bustling downtown scene and has a wide range of restaurants and entertainment venues to choose from. 
 The BC Public Service is an award winning employer and offers employees competitive benefits, amazing learning opportunities and a chance to engage in rewarding work with exciting career development opportunities. For more information, please see What We Offer. 
 The BC Public Service is committed to creating a diverse workplace to represent the population we serve and to better meet the needs of our citizens. Consider joining our team and being part of an innovative, inclusive and rewarding workplace. 
 The BC Public Service is an inclusive and accessible employer. Please advise the hiring manager if any accommodations are required to assist you to ensure equitable participation. 
 For complete details about this opportunity, including accountabilities, please refer to the attached job profile. For specific position related enquiries, please contact Nicole.Gardner@gov.bc.ca. DO NOT SEND YOUR APPLICATION TO THIS EMAIL ADDRESS. For more information about how to complete your job application, add/edit your resume and for more useful tips when applying for jobs, please refer to the Your Job Application page on the MyHR website. If you are still experiencing technical difficulty applying for a competition, please send an e-mail to BCPSA.Hiring.Centre@gov.bc.ca, before the stated closing time, and we will respond as soon as possible to assist you. 
 NOTE:  Applications will be accepted until 11:00 pm Pacific Standard Time on the closing date of the competition. 
 Job Requirements: 
In order to be considered for this position, your application must clearly demonstrate how you meet the education and experience as outlined below: 
 Bachelor’s Degree or higher in Statistics, Mathematics, a Social Science or a related field and a minimum of 2 years experience in data analysis and conducting qualitative or quantitative research; OR 
Post-Secondary Diploma in Statistics, Mathematics, a Social Science or a related field and a minimum of 4 years experience in data analysis and conducting qualitative or quantitative research; OR 
An equivalent combination of education and experience may be considered. 
 Preference may be given to applicants who have any of the following: 
 Bachelor’s Degree or higher in Statistics, Mathematics or a Social Science field and a minimum of 2 years experience in data analysis and conducting qualitative or quantitative research. 
1 year or more of experience with Visual Basic programming. 
Advanced experience with Excel spreadsheets, including Excel automation. 
Experience and familiarity with large scale datasets (demographics, results, transition and satisfaction). 
 Applicants selected to move forward in the hiring process may be assessed on the Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies as outlined in the attached Job Profile located in the Additional Information section at the bottom of the posting. 
 A Criminal Record Check (CRC) will be required. 
 APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS: 
 Cover Letter:  NO - Please do not submit a cover letter as it will not be reviewed. 
 Resume:  YES - A resume is required as part of your application; however, it may not be used for initial shortlisting purposes. 
 Questionnaire (COMPREHENSIVE):  YES - As part of the application process, you will be prompted to complete a comprehensive online questionnaire to demonstrate how you meet the job requirements. Please allot approximately 60 minutes to complete the questionnaire. 
 IMPORTANT:  Comprehensive questionnaire responses will be used to shortlist applicants against the job requirements. Please ensure you include all relevant information about your educational accomplishments and employment history including job titles, start and end dates (month and year) of your employment, and your accountabilities and accomplishments. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
