Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Pre-Med Student Volunteer 
 Get Well Clinic 
 __North York, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Pre-Med Student Volunteer Program 
 Gain valuable experience and exposure for your future career path! 
 We are an ideal clinic for students interested in the health care field to gain volunteer experience. We are centrally located, and accessible by TTC (close to both Sheppard West Station and Sheppard East Station). We have an array of interdisciplinary professionals that work in our clinic (family doctors, psychiatrist, physiotherapist, chiropractor, chiropodist, kinesiologist, psychotherapist). Our staff are a friendly bunch that enjoy working with each other. Get Well Clinic is also a recognized teaching clinic for medical students with the prestigious University of Toronto, Faculty of Medicine. 
 We are looking for dedicated, conscientious, organized, and caring individuals to help support our clinic (with our administrative tasks, as well as our client care). 
Prerequisites: 
 
 Post-secondary students, with a minimum GPA 3.7 (please submit official transcript with application) 
 Provide a cover letter and resume 
 Minimum commitment: 15 hrs/week for 6 months (90% attendance) 
 
 Preferred: 
 
 Leadership and organizational skills 
 Second language skills 
 Computer skills 
 Flexible hours 
 Any unique skill sets that can be an asset and contribute to the growth of our clinic (ie. creative design, marketing, writing, research, IT skills, programming) 
 
 Please Note: 
 
 Priority will be given to students who are able to commit to more hours, have flexible hours, and can continue longer term. 
 Reference letters may be written for students who perform well in their responsibilities, takes initiative, exceed expectations, and fulfill a minimum of 500 hours. 
 
 How to Apply: 
 
 Send your complete application (as per above requirements) to listed email. No application will be reviewed without resume, cover letter, and transcript. 
 We will not let you know if you are missing information from your application 
 We will contact you for an interview if your application is successful. 
 
 Part-time hours: 15 per week 
 Expected start date: 2020-10-12 
 Job Types: Part-time, Volunteer 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 Monday to Friday 
 Weekends 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
