WorkVisaInfo.com 
Online Free Visa Guide 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Jobs in Abroad 
 Work Visa 
 Multiple Visa 
 Disclaimer 
 Privacy Policy 
 Contact us 
 
 Latest Jobs are Available in Canada 2020 
 By   admin  | 11/18/2020 
 0 Comment 
 Farm Labourers Required in Canada 
 The new staff is required on a Canadian farm for farming activities. The management has introduced a generous and fantastic salary. Other exclusive benefits will be provided under Canadian labor law. There are no limitations for gender and nationality. 
 Job Details 
Employer Name: 2230330 ONTARIO LIMITED 
 Location: Delhi, ON 
Posted Date: 18 November 2020 
Closing Date:17 December 2020 
 Salary and Job Category 
$14.25 per hour 
 Working Hours: 
 40 to 60 hours per week 
 Employment Term: 
 Seasonal, full time 
 Job Requirements 
 Language:  English 
 Education:  Not specified degree or certificate is needed. 
 Experience: 
 There is no need for experience for this role. 
 Specific Skills 
 
 Planting and cultivating the crops and trees 
 Irrigating the crops 
 Spray the crops with necessary pesticides and insecticides 
 Harvest them when they become ready 
 Make them ready for market 
 
 Worksite Environment: 
 Outdoors 
 Work Conditions and Physical Capabilities 
 
 Able to work under pressure 
 Able to perform all the activities 
 Must have good communication skills 
 Combination of sitting, standing, walking 
 Able to differentiate the colors 
 
 How to Apply: 
 The visitors and job seekers may forward their profiles to the following mentioned email address. 
 
 By email  :  [email protected] 
 
 General Farm Worker Jobs Available in Canada 
 Canadian farm is intentionally looking for workers. The farm is offering an excellent and fantastic package with unique benefits. Interested candidates may forward their profiles to the mentioned information. 
 Job Details 
 Employer Name:  Sukhraj Deol, Navreetjot Kaur Deol 
 Location  : Aldergrove, BC 
 Vacancies:  07 vacancies 
 Posted Date:  18 November 2020 
 Closing Date:  17 December 2020 
 Salary: 
 $14.60 per hour 
 Working Hours: 
 40 hours per week 
 Employment Terms: 
 Permanent& full time 
 Shift Schedule 
 day, evening, weekend, shift, morning 
 Job Requirements 
 Language:  English 
 Education:  No degree, certificate, or diploma 
 Experience:  no need for any experience 
 Specific Skills 
 
 Cultivation and planting the crops and trees 
 Water them 
 Protection of the crops and trees 
 Examine the production quality 
 
 Types of Crops: 
 
 Blueberries 
 Raspberries 
 
 Worksite Environment: 
 
 Outdoors 
 Wet or damp 
 Hot environment 
 
 Work Conditions and Physical Capabilities 
 
 Able to differ the colors 
 Able to perform all the mentioned duties 
 Must have good behavior and attitude 
 Must have good health 
 capable of working under pressure 
 Strong and honest worker 
 
 How to Apply: 
 The visitors and job seekers may forward their profiles to the following mentioned email address. 
 By email  :  [email protected] 
 Note  : Different sources verify the jobs and information that we are providing. Thi site will never demand any personal info. We do not provide any vise or job. We give them 100% authentic information that helps you to find a job. 
 Category:  Canada Jobs  Tags:  Canadian Jobs in 2020 ,  Farming Jobs in Canada ,  Jobs in Canada ,  Latest Jobs in Canada 
 Post navigation 
 <- Hostel Manager Vacancy Available in Australia   General Farm Worker Vacancies Available in Canada -> 
 Search for: 
 Categories 
 
 Australia Jobs 
 Canada Jobs 
 Jobs in Abroad 
 Multiple Visa 
 Study Visa 
 Tech 
 Uncategorized 
 Work Visa 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 5 Tips to Study in UK for International Students 
 Pave your Way to Study in UK – Scholarship Requirements and More 
 General Farm Worker Vacancies Available in Canada 
 Latest Jobs are Available in Canada 2020 
 Hostel Manager Vacancy Available in Australia 
 Requirements to Get a Job in Australia 
 Free Calling Apps for Phone Calls 
 Farm Worker Vacancy Available in Canada 
 General Laborer -Vacancy Available in Canada 
 Food Service Supervisor- Vacancy Available in Canada 
 General Construction Supervisors Needed in Canada 
 Food Service Supervisor Required in Canada 
 Food Processing Staff Required in Canada 
 Sales Manager Job Openings in Singapore 
 Business Development Manager Required in Singapore 
 
 custom footer text left 
 custom footer text right 
 Iconic One  Theme | Powered by  Wordpress 
