Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Installed Sales Representative 
 Kent Building Supplies 
 __Antigonish, NS 
 Apply Now 
 INSTALLATION SALES REPRESENTATIVE 
 Kent is the largest retail building supply chain in Atlantic Canada. Our mission is to be the best source of home improvement products through superior service, quality products and everyday great prices. We protect our customers and staff by hiring and training associates committed to our safety values. 
 Installation Sales Representatives provide expertise that allows customers to turn their dreams into reality. The service offered includes a free consultation, creation of a material list and design, and installation by qualified, local contractors. The sales team coordinates the entire project so customers can get the results they want by letting the professionals do the work. 
 Edit to include focus of position. The position will focus on installation of exterior product such as windows, doors and siding. / installation of floor coverings. / design and installation of kitchen and bath projects. Note if applicants need to drive their personal vehicle for work. 
 Typical career steps are to move to a role in contractor or commercial sales, or to become an installation sales department manager. 
 Responsibilities: 
Demonstrates high standards of safety and customer service 
Builds new business relationships with customers that will result in repeat business 
Prepares estimates and negotiates installation sales contracts 
Follows up on deliveries 
Continually learns about products and market conditions 
Ensures 100% customer satisfaction 
 Requirements: 
Problem solver who can work with minimal supervision 
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills 
Organized, and can manage multiple projects and meet deadlines 
Experience in sales is preferred 
A knowledge of lumber and building materials, and the construction process is an asset 
Microsoft Office skills and willingness to learn new software programs 
 This position offers commission after a probationary period. 
 We offer: 
$35,000 plus commission 
Drug and dental benefits; life and disability insurance; RRSP 
A safe work environment 
Incentive programs 
Employee discount 
Employee and Family Assistance Plan 
Opportunities for growth and career advancement 
Structured Sales Training 
 Spring and summer are usually busy times for building supply companies, but this year may be unique. When regular shopping resumes, we will contact candidates who want to join our team. You can apply now to let us know that you are interested. 
 To Apply for this Career Opportunity: 
We thank all candidates for their interest, however, only those selected for interviews will be contacted. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
