Skip to content 
 
 Luann Udell 
 Muddling through life with the help of art. 
   
 Category: career 
 Newsletter 101 #11: Share Your Skills and Knowledge! 
 Email newsletters are a terrific way to share our classes and workshops. 
 NEWSLETTERS 101 #11: Share Your Skills and Knowledge! 
 10/27/2020 by Luann Udell 
 This post  is by  Luann Udell , regular contributing author for FineArtViews. She's blogged since 2002 about the business side-and the spiritual inside-of art. She says, "I share my experiences so you won't have to make ALL the same mistakes I did…."  For ten years, Luann also wrote a column ("Craft Matters") for The Crafts Report magazine (a monthly business resource for the crafts professional) where she explored the funnier side of her life in craft. She's a double-juried member of the prestigious League of New Hampshire Craftsmen (fiber & art jewelry). Her work has appeared in books, magazines, and newspapers across the country and she is a published writer. 
 Email newsletters are a terrific way to share our classes and workshops.  **   ** 
 Last week’s  Newsletter 101 Fine Art Views article,  on sharing our process, is a natural lead-in to our next email newsletter topic: Our classes and workshops. 
 In her refreshingly honest book,  SCRATCH: Writers, Money, and the Art of Making a Living , editor Manjula Martin discovered that most writers, even famous ones, rarely make a living on their books alone. Most of them sustain their livelihood with public speaking events and workshops. I suspect this applies to all creatives across the board, including artists. So never feel ‘less than’ when we can’t support ourselves with our art alone. You and me and almost everyone we know! 
 Newsletters are a great way to create and/or rekindle interest in our teaching opportunities. Yep, you can—and should—include them on your website. But a kindly reminder a month or so before you run the class might just generate a whirlwind of sign-ups, too, by creating a sense of urgency without applying pressure. 
 People hate pressure when they purchase something. A little push is fine. But trying to make people desperate with FOMO (Fear Of Missing Out) is a highly-recognizable pressure tactic we’ve all been subjected to.  I hate it. Yes, I feel the pressure, but my resentment is often enough to offset that. 
 Instead, when promoting your teaching skills, proceed as if talking to a friend. Would you strong-arm a friend into buying something from you? Then don’t do it to your followers and collectors, either. 
 Our current world situation means we probably won’t be offering in-person workshops anytime soon, unless we can hold them outdoors or in spacious, well-ventilated buildings. But there are still ways to share our skills and knowledge, through Zoom meetings, video demonstrations, downloadable digital tutorials/books/instructions, etc. 
 And these strange times also give us time to prepare our   future   workshops. If you haven’t considered teaching, now is the time to explore, research, and plan accordingly. 
 So, what should we teach? 
 We control what we teach. Sounds redundant, but true. 
 Last week, we touched on how uncomfortable we can feel when we sense someone wants to learn how to make exactly what   we   make. When people pressure me with “I want to a make a horse just like yours!” here’s where I gently lead the discussion in another direction with these words: 
 “Thank you, but the world doesn’t need more people making   my   horses. 
 The world needs more people who find—and make—their own individual, unique art. The world needs to hear   your   voice, to see   your   work. 
 I’m happy to get you started, and share the basics. The rest is   your   art journey.” 
 I tell them we are ALL inspired by the work of others, and it’s human to want to do the same thing. But if we simply copy what other people do, we are cheating not only that artist (from the proceeds for their own hard work) but we are also cheating ourselves. 
 Instead, I encourage them to take a class, attend a workshop, read a book, watch a video, experiment—and let the process be transformed by their own creativity and story.* 
 Whenever I’ve taken a class or copied someone else’s work, it’s as an exercise only. I try to figure out how they did it, and in the process, come up with something completely different. I never represent those experiments as my own work, nor do I sell them. (Okay, once, under very special circumstances, and to another professional in that field who knew it was a classroom piece and promised to respect both the teacher and me.) 
 And so, when I teach classes, I focus on introductory skills: Helping people get started, asking them to consider if it speaks to them, and then urging them to find their own unique aesthetic and journey. So, for example, in my case, I choose to offer introductory classes in all my media: How to work with polymer clay; how to carve a rubberstamp; how to make jewelry; professional development skills for creatives, etc. 
 So, introductory classes on the basics of our craft are great starts. From there, we can offer more challenging classes (for people looking to improve their skills), specific techniques (perhaps ones we ourselves have created or perfected) and advanced classes. One fiber artist friend in New Hampshire taught beginning weaving classes. Her students enjoyed her classes so much, they became an ongoing process, with students signing up over and over, becoming more advanced in their skills and techniques. What a beautiful legacy! And a source of guaranteed income. 
 We don’t always have to be an expert, or award-winning, or even “the best” at what we do, especially for introductory courses or specific techniques. We just have to know enough to get everyone started on their new creative journey. 
 When I offer a workshop, and when I begin a workshop, I tell people there is usually no “one way” to use what they’ll learn in it. And making mistakes is not only normal, it can be educational in itself. When they goof up, I can help them erase it, fix it, cover it up, disguise it, incorporate it into the design, or cut out entirely. I discovered my newest crackle effect in last week’s article by simply changing brands of clay. Who knew?! Well, I do, now! 
 If, like me, you send your newsletter to everyone who signed up for one, give enough specifics for people to know whether it will meet their own interests or needs. If it’s super expensive, try not to scare them off with the sticker price. But use a page on your website to outline the details (tools and materials, etc.) and elaborate on the value gained. 
 If you have a specific newsletter audience that signed up for notifications about classes**, go deep with your announcement! Time/date, of course, location or platform (digital, video, YouTube, download, etc.), materials and tools needed, what will be provided by you, etc. 
 Also share what the goal/expected outcome will be, what they will accomplish, what they will leave with. Follow-up: After the class, encourage them to share their thoughts about the class with you. If they’re good, encourage them to also share them on their own social media. Ask for permission to use their praise in your own marketing, in your next workshop newsletter, on your website, etc. Testimonials are powerful stuff! 
 Re: Credentials, these can help establish our ‘authority’, i.e., we are who we say we are. But that isn’t absolutely necessary. If people love what we do, and want to learn more about it, that may be the only credentialing they need. 
 How should we price workshops? I am the last person you should ask. Mine were always too inexpensive, but I always charge for materials. 
 A neighboring artist in my building charges a minimum of $45/hour. Explore what the rate is where you live, or experiment on what people are willing to pay YOU. If your prices are high, be sure to emphasize what people will come away with from their experience. One caveat: I had one student who refused to pay for materials, insisting they already had them on hand. But when they showed up, they had it all wrong. This resulted in a lot of extra time and energy on my part, them borrowing materials from me and other students, and created a lot of resentment in the process. I have learned my lesson, and I share this with you so you don’t have to make the same mistake I did. 
 Last, share an important concept a customer gave me: Classes are a way to create a COMMUNITY. 
 This person had visited my studio last year, and love love loved my work. She asked if I taught classes, and I said I had in New Hampshire, but hadn’t in California yet. They take a lot of work, a lot of prep, and in my old studio, there wasn’t enough room to host a class. So renting a room was another hassle, especially if it was “off-premises”, because I over-prepare with tools and suppliers and I always, always leave something critical at home.*** 
 So when people ask, “How do you….” I tend to refer them to a book, another artist, etc. 
 But, on impulse, I asked them, “Why do you value a class so much?" And they replied, “Community.” 
 So powerful! I’d never thought of workshops that way. But it’s true, isn’t it? In a great class, we are not only in the presence of someone whose skills and expertise we value. 
 We are in the company of like-minded people, people with similar interests and abilities. It’s a place to share thoughts, feedback (IF asked-for!), praise, and encouragement, for ourselves and others. I’ve made life-long friends through classes and workshops. And that’s a beautiful way to encourage a hesitant client to engage. 
 As usual, I have a jillion thoughts on this, and probably missed a lot of good ones, too. If you’ve used your email newsletter to promote your teaching, let me know what I missed! Share what’s worked for YOU, and what hasn’t. 
 If you know someone who would enjoy this article, please pass it on. And if someone sent you this, and you found it helpful, check out more at  FineArtViews.com , and at my blog at my website  LuannUdell.com . 
 *Does this work? YES!! I’ve had this talk with people at a major show who came back the following year to show me where they went with that advice. It was wonderful! They took my words to heart, and found their own unique story and path. Or they took one of my classes and found the same. Yippee!!! 
 **This is a feature FASO.com offers with its email newsletter service: You can set up newsletters to go to specific groups of your own choosing. (Me? Too lazy to figure it out right now.) 
 ***My new art studio is not only big enough for small classes, our building has a spacious classroom available to us at an extremely reasonable fee. So I would only be a hop, skip, and a jump away from that critical item I left behind! 
 Like this? Share it! 
 
 Facebook 
 Print 
 Reddit 
 LinkedIn 
 Pinterest 
 Email 
 Tumblr 
 Twitter 
 Pocket 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Author   Luann Udell Posted on  October 27, 2020October 30, 2020 Categories  art marketing ,  business ,  career ,  demonstrating ,  Fine Art Views ,  how to write a newsletter ,  marketing ,  selling online ,  social networking ,  Teaching 101 Tags  adding social media to your marketing efforts ,  engaging people with your art on social media ,  getting the word out ,  how to write an engaging email newsletter ,  social media marketing for artists and creatives ,  Tips for teaching workshops 5 Comments on Newsletter 101 #11: Share Your Skills and Knowledge! 
 THE BEST ADVICE FOR YOUNG PEOPLE 
 I found  this essay by Paul Graham  today-advice for young people in high school, leaving high school, getting ready (or not) for college, and actually, for anyone else, too. 
 And it is exactly what I wish I'd known in high school. And college. And the first 30 or 40 years of my life. (I finally figured it out when I was 42, I think….) 
 I came across this by way of the  Fine Art Views  blog. Fine Art Views is a great resource for artists. It's kind of geared towards 2D artists, but the advice is general enough for all creative folks. 
 I'm printing it out for my latest high school graduate. Pass it on to someone you know could benefit-it's good stuff! 
 Like this? Share it! 
 
 Facebook 
 Print 
 Reddit 
 LinkedIn 
 Pinterest 
 Email 
 Tumblr 
 Twitter 
 Pocket 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Author   Luann Udell Posted on  July 28, 2010 Categories  art ,  business ,  career ,  craft ,  inspiration ,  life ,  mental attitude ,  perseverence Tags  advice for high school students ,  art ,  business of art ,  business of craft ,  craft ,  finding your passion ,  life advice 1 Comment on THE BEST ADVICE FOR YOUNG PEOPLE 
 EATING MY WORDS ABOUT ART SCHOOL 
 A quick segue today, before the amazing artist statement I promised you yesterday. 
 I've had to eat my words re:  what I said about going to art school. 
 Here's what I said in a reply to a comment on that post: 
 
 Actually, Aza, I recently had an experience that made me see the value of a good art school education. And that is the connections and opportunities that are made possible. I attended a workshop presented by a young woman who just finished post-graduate degree studies at a prestigious art school. In the course of her studies, she visited the studios of many well-known artists; gained access to facilities (museums, galleries) beyond the reach of most people, even allowed access to their “backstage”, so to speak. 
 It was enough to make me wish I’d gone to art school, too! :^D 
 I think everyone has their own needs and desires re: art school. If you feel drawn to it, go. Explore. Take what you need and leave the rest. Take advantage of every opportunity to connect, network, and experiment. 
 And then, be sure to come back and tell us what you learned. 
 
 I've never said you  shouldn 't  go to art school. I say you shouldn't rule yourself out as an artist if you  don 't  go. 
 I remember bugging a friend who decided to go to art school late in life. She was already a productive artist-why did she need an art degree?? 
 She replied that no one in her family had ever gone to college before her, and certainly no one had ever achieved a master's degree. 
 She wanted to be the first. 
 I realized that mattered very, very much to her. And that was a good enough reason to do it. 
 Sometimes you need a college degree for credentialing. Sometimes you need it to prove something to yourself. And now I know the connections, networking and opportunities you get can be worth every penny. 
 Just know your reasons. 
 And don't use  not going  as an excuse to  not make art . Because I know better. 
 Like this? Share it! 
 
 Facebook 
 Print 
 Reddit 
 LinkedIn 
 Pinterest 
 Email 
 Tumblr 
 Twitter 
 Pocket 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Author   Luann Udell Posted on  April 11, 2010 Categories  art ,  career ,  choices ,  craft ,  creativity ,  criticism ,  mindfulness ,  myths about artists ,  networking ,  social networking Tags  art ,  art school ,  craft ,  creativity ,  myths about artists 2 Comments on EATING MY WORDS ABOUT ART SCHOOL 
 TEN MYTHS ABOUT ARTISTS#10: You Have to Go to Art School to Be a Real Artist 
 MYTH: You need an MFA to be a real artist! 
REALITY: The real proof is in the work. 
 I couldn't get into the art school at the university of my choice (The University of Michigan.) So maybe my attitude about art school is pure sour grapes. 
 On the other hand, the reasons I chose U of M seem pretty silly in 40 years in hindsight. My best friend, my first boy friend and my first crush all went there, and they said it was the best school in the world. 
 So I wanted to go there, too. I gave up going to other schools with art programs that ** had  **accepted me, just to be with the boy who dumped me four months later. 
 I hope I'm a  little  more sophisticated about my choices now. (But I'm probably not.) 
 I've come to believe it's a good thing I  didn 't  go to art school there (or anywhere.) I may have been an artist  sooner . 
 But I would not be the artist I am today. 
 Getting a degree from an art school has its advantages. 
 Credentials, for one. A degree says you completed a course of study. It says somebody deemed you good enough to complete it successfully. 
 Art school gives you other precious gifts: Time, tools and resources to actually  make  art. You have many opportunities to experiment with different media and different techniques. Many students develop important relationships with teachers who become mentors, and with other talented students. 
 Art school also allows you to immerse yourself in a community that supports art. If you come from a family or environment that's baffled (or even threatened) by your artistic attempts, this immersion can be powerful stuff. You may feel like you've finally found "your people". 
 And of course, there is the confidence and validation you gain from holding a degree that proclaims you an artist. 
 But there is a downside to art school. 
 You spend a huge amount of time making work that fits someone else's agenda and criteria, not your own. 
 You may find it hard to develop your own style. You are surrounded by the vision of other teachers and other students, and it can be hard to figure out what your particular vision is. 
 Or conversely, it's all too easy to be influenced by the vision of others. 
 Or your vision doesn't get the "strokes" from the group you desire, so you unconsciously begin to modify it so it does. 
 Or you  don 't  modify your style, and suffer the consequences We've all heard the appalling stories of vicious group "critiques" and the lasting emotional damage they can cause. We've all heard of the nasty teacher who never missed an opportunity to denigrate someone's work. 
 You may fall for the tendency to make high-falutin', theoretical, worldly/academic "statements" with your art. Read almost any art statement, preferably one you barely understand, and you'll know what I mean. The actual  approach  to your art may be taught as a purely intellectual or academic exercise. There is value to understanding and practicing art this way, of course. But I personally feel something is lost when art is made only to provoke, or satirize, or insult, with no real emotional connection, personal experience, or "heart" in the effort. IMHO, of course. 
 And the biggest drawback-  y  ou may not ever actually encounter any working artists. 
 I once spent a day giving five high-school art classes a presentation of the business of art. I opened the first class with this question: "How many of you believe it is impossible to make a living by selling your art?" 
 The  teacher  raised her hand. 
 Some people who teach art do so because they don't believe they can be successful selling it. (Though many teach so they can have the freedom to create the art they want, without worrying about  having  selling it.) 
 You can often tell which teachers are working artists and which ones aren't. The working ones are  making their art  , at some level-entering exhibitions with new work, selling, taking commissions, whatever. The ones who gave up are telling you why it's impossible to sell your work. These are the ones who make terrible role models. 
 Almost as bad are the teachers who convince their students that the art world is out there just  waiting  for them to graduate. Instant success is within their grasp. Famous galleries in New York City are eager for their work, and the party starts as soon as you walk out the door. Then, when it doesn't happen in six months, or a year, or three, the new grad begins to think she doesn't have what it takes-and gives up. 
 Some art schools now incorporate business skills for artists in their curriculum. Yay! 
 Either way, the art school experience can make the issue black-and-white. There are "artists" and there are "non-artists". There are "rich/famous/successful" artists, and there are "failed artists". No gray. No spectrum. No range. 
 Know that there are many "levels" of keeping art in our lives. ** 
** 
There are as many ways of making that work as there are artists. 
 Some will make good money with their pursuits. Others will cobble together different ventures and venues that makes them happy. Some will go into fine art. Some will go into design, or graphic arts. Some may teach. Some may do the show circuit. Some may find gallery representation. Others may find ways of using the internet to market directly to customers. 
 Some may find other work that is rewarding and makes them happy, and keep their art practice solely for their own enjoyment. And some will run up against life's hard walls all too soon, and have to carve out tiny chunks of time to keep their vision alive. 
 Maybe we can't all be rich and famous. But there are many ways to create a life that includes art as a daily practice. And there many ways of sharing our vision with others. 
 So go to art school, if that is your dream. Squeeze every drop of experience and knowledge you can from it. Revel in your freedom to immerse yourself in an art community. Learn to protect yourself against the nay-sayers. 
 But if you didn't go to art school, know that you simply found your life's work by another path. It may have wound around in the woods for awhile, it may have taken you longer to get here…. 
 But you simply had a different experience. That's all. 
 And those unique experiences are what made you the artist you are today. 
 UPDATE: See what Canadian painter Robert Genn says about  artist credentials  in his well-known  Painters Keys  newsletter. 
 ANOTHER UPDATE: So embarrassed that I missed this for YEARS, but I just found  a powerful video/poem by Beth Murch , who says she was inspired by this article! So, proof positive that when we share the work of our heart, our unique vision, with the world, it will cross the path of someone who needs/wants to see it. It's like tossing a pebble into a great lake. We may not see where the ripples go, but they are there. Thank you, Beth! 
 Like this? Share it! 
 
 Facebook 
 Print 
 Reddit 
 LinkedIn 
 Pinterest 
 Email 
 Tumblr 
 Twitter 
 Pocket 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Author   Luann Udell Posted on  September 28, 2009July 1, 2020 Categories  art ,  business ,  career ,  choices ,  craft ,  life ,  myths about artists ,  networking ,  selling ,  shadow artist Tags  art ,  art school ,  business ,  craft ,  do I need an art degree? ,  I didn't go to art school ,  life ,  mental attitude ,  myths about artists ,  the value of art school 46 Comments on TEN MYTHS ABOUT ARTISTS#10: You Have to Go to Art School to Be a Real Artist 
 TEN MYTHS ABOUT ARTISTS #8: You're only a REAL artist if you're ONLY an artist 
 ** Myth: Real artists devote their entire life to art; real artists never compromise!  (And its corollary: Artists sleep til noon because they don't have real jobs to go to.) 
 Reality:  Any  time you can make art is a good time to make art!** 
 I'm beginning to think that history books and movies have been the source of most our myths about artists. 
 Again, remember that what makes for a good "sound bite" doesn't always reflect real life. 
 We've all seen the movies about artists who devote themselves passionately-and  exclusively  -to their art. Marriages, kids, friendships fall to the wayside in their relentless pursuit of their vision. Charlton Heston as Michaelangelo, lying on his back painting the Sistine Chapel as he exchanges barbs and retorts with the pope. Or Ed Harris as Jackson Pollack, fierce in his artistic throes, with the entourage that devoted themselves to promoting his art (who ended up tossed by the wayside as they burnt themselves out doing so.) 
 And what do we know about artists throughout history? Usually a sentence or two, or at most a paragraph in the history books. An entire chapter, or maybe even a book, for the stellar ones. 
 So we're only a "real artist" if we devote every waking minute to our art, and plow through our personal relationships with the sensitivity of a back hoe. 
 There are other ways to make art, of course. And the artists involved are just as "real" as you and me. 
 Yes, some artists are fortunate enough to pursue their art full-time. But their art becomes their profession-they work just as hard at it as anyone else does in THEIR profession. If they sleep til noon, it's because they just spent 36 hours straight completing new work for an upcoming exhibition, or they put the finishing touches on a new CD, or they finally figured out how to use QuickBooks to bill their galleries, or they just got back from a grueling four-day wholesale show on the other coast. 
 Real artists run the gamut of everything you can say about artists. Some are so successful selling their work, they can support themselves and a family doing so. Some work part-time or even full-time jobs to pay the bills, painting in their spare time. Or they marry someone whose passionate profession pays more money than making art does. 
 Some get famous, some don't. Some blow through people like kleenix, others have solid relationships and happy families. Some create public murals that cover tall buildings that thousands see every day. Others make wonderfully tiny artifacts you can cup in your hand and known to literally a handful of people. 
 Again….there's room for us all. 
 Of course, the converse is also true. If you work full-time or engage in other activities, and  don 't make time to make art , then you may be an artist at heart. But there will be nothing in the world that reflects that intention. 
 If you watch TV, do housework, put everyone else's priorities ahead of yours, then your art will indeed only take up only the tiniest space you've allotted for it-nada. 
 Yes, life happens, especially if you are the caregiver in your family, the social planner, the "fall-back" person. Our sales fall off and we have to scramble to pay the bills. We get sick or injured, or a loved one does. We enter periods of self-doubt and despair. Our desire to create can seem fragile, tenuous during hard times. 
 But ultimately, we have to come back to this-the only person who can make your art is YOU. 
 Whether it's a song, a prayer, a painting, a dress, a garden, a play, a dance, a necklace, if it's in you, find a way to get it out into the world as soon as you can. 
 So make time for your creativity a priority. Carve out a little space for it in your life. Plan for it. Honor it. Respect it. 
 Because if, like I did once, you walk away from it entirely, you will always feel that empty space in your heart. 
 I will never go "there" again. And my wish for you is that you never go "there", either, at least not for very long. 
 Tip: This is where a well-written, passionate artist statement comes in handy. The kind where you really talk about the WHY of what you do. When you read yours, YOU should be inspired to get back in the saddle and ride off into the sunset with your art. 
 Like this? Share it! 
 
 Facebook 
 Print 
 Reddit 
 LinkedIn 
 Pinterest 
 Email 
 Tumblr 
 Twitter 
 Pocket 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Author   Luann Udell Posted on  September 24, 2009September 26, 2009 Categories  art ,  career ,  choices ,  courage ,  craft ,  creativity ,  depression ,  fear of failing ,  inspiration ,  life ,  mental attitude ,  myths about artists Tags  art ,  craft ,  creativity ,  inspiration ,  life ,  myths about artists ,  real artists 6 Comments on TEN MYTHS ABOUT ARTISTS #8: You're only a REAL artist if you're ONLY an artist 
 TEN MYTHS ABOUT ARTISTS #4: Artists Are Not Business People 
 Myth: Artists are not business people. 
Reality: Successful artists have good business skills, or they marry /partner with/hire people who do. * 
 (This marriage tip courtesy of Wendy Rosen of The Rosen Group in Baltimore MD.) 
 A common myth about artists is that they are not good at the business end of making and selling art. The reality is, the better you are at the business skills necessary to promote and market your art, the better chance you have at being a successful artist. 
 I have a theory about artists and their lack of business skills. I think we tend to not  like  skills like math (balancing checkbooks, statistics, recording expenses). When it came to math, I liked  story problems  -if Bill and Jane decide to buy a house, and their options for borrowing money are a loan with an interest rate of 9.8% and no points, or a loan with an interest rate of 7.2% and 3 points, which is better? Because I liked to think, "Well, how much money does Bill make, and what if Jane has gone back to school to get a teaching certificate? And what if Bill gets a better job offer-is there a chance they might have to move in two years, and sell their house in a buyer's market? Do they also like expensive cars, or do they shop at Salvation Army? Do they fight about how much to tip the waitress at a posh restaurant? Are these two even compatible enough to make a marriage work??" (You see the story potential here?) 
 Artists think they won't need to take typing classes because they're not going to be a secretary when they grow up. (We could not foresee the Internet and the importance of keyboard skills in 1968.) Talking about net profit and gross profit seemed, well,  gross . 
 So we decided we would be artists. Famous artists. Successful artists! So successful that galleries would take care of all that bookkeeping stuff and marketing stuff for us. We would simply show up at the opening receptions in our cool black clothing, sip white wine and schmooze with our collectors. 
 That worked well enough for a fortunate few, for a few good decades. And then times changed. We grew up and realized we needed to pay mortgages, have health insurance, put kids through college. The artists who stuck it out had to learn how to sell, how to market, how to maintain positive cash flow. 
 And many of us found that these weren't such awful skills to learn, and acquire, after all. 
 The same way artists are made, not born, business skills can be LEARNED and the incentive is huge. The more you understand the consequences of your business decisions, the better your decisions get. 
 Days of galleries "handling" all your business matters are gone, and as the Bernie Madoffs of the world should have taught us, good riddance. We've learned the hard way that galleries can go out of business (taking your art with them). We've learned that locking totally into wholesale strategies can also lock down your artistic aspirations, when galleries only want the work that sells. Even if we did embrace the business side of our art, strategies that worked beautifully in the 80's and 90's don't work so well in the post 9/11 economy. 
 It's always good to to know your bottom line. We need to know how to sell work, if only to understand why people buy it in the first place, and what they need to know in order to buy it. (More about that in Myth #5) 
 Marketing, promotion, sales, research and product development, teaching, writing-these are all business of art/craft skills that are good tools for a successful artist to keep in her toolbox. 
 Why was Picasso famous? Most people assume it's because he was such a great artist. Well, yes, he was. But there were other artists of his time who were better at drawing. Other artists who were more skilled with color. Other artists who were better at all kinds of artistic things. 
 But Picasso was a master  business person . Because he was a master at self-promotion and publicity, he was able to translate his name into  the name  everyone comes up with when asked to name an artist. 
 I read a story years ago about Picasso owing his tailor a large sum of money. He wrote the man a check. Then suggested the tailor not cash it because someday  his (Picasso 's) signature would be worth more than the check was written for . 
 Not all of us will end up that famous (or with that much  chutzpah . But learning appropriate business skills to get your art out into the world goes a long way to ensuring your efforts will come to fruition. 
 In fact, I've found I enjoy many of the business aspects of my art biz more than I thought. Because they are a labor of love. I choose, knowing the consequences, good and bad, of each informed decision. Gambling on formerly "sure thing" avenues is no longer part of my marketing strategy. I constantly forced to think hard about who my target audience is, and why they buy my art. 
 And I think I'm a better artist for it. 
 Like this? Share it! 
 
 Facebook 
 Print 
 Reddit 
 LinkedIn 
 Pinterest 
 Email 
 Tumblr 
 Twitter 
 Pocket 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Author   Luann Udell Posted on  August 27, 2009 Categories  art ,  business ,  career ,  choices ,  craft ,  marketing ,  mental attitude ,  myths about artists ,  self promotion ,  selling Tags  art ,  business ,  choices ,  craft ,  creativity ,  marketing ,  mental attitude ,  myths about artists ,  self promotion ,  selling 6 Comments on TEN MYTHS ABOUT ARTISTS #4: Artists Are Not Business People 
 ABSOLUTELY (NOT) REVISITED 
 I had a simply beautiful email from a reader who enjoyed my post on making decisions. She even visited me at the show I'm doing this week, and we talked a little more. 
 She said, "So how do I  know  I've made the right decision??" 
 I told her she would know, because it would feel right in her heart. 
 But right after she left, I felt bad. Because that wasn't a complete answer. Sometimes we're in such turmoil, even those other options don't feel like they offer much clarity. 
 What I  should  have said was, just do  something . 
 Do one thing different. Take one step toward the goal of your dreams. 
 I have a friend who can't decide if she wants to pursue a line of study she abandoned years ago. It's too late to go back to college, right? What would she use another degree for? What will she do with it?? (See the either/or thing?) 
 We have several colleges in the area, many with continuing education classes. I suggested she simply take  one course . 
 She could take a class, and see how it goes. Heck, she can take as many classes as she wants! Who says she "has to" continue, or "has to" change careers, or "has to" do  anything  with it. Maybe it's okay to just take a class, or continue to study something that gives you joy. "Taking chemistry classes can be another one of your hobbies!" I told her. 
 I believe what will happen is, as she moves across this "different stream", she'll encounter new people, new conversations, and new opportunities. 
 She may choose to embrace those opportunities-or not. Maybe she'll simply find everything in her life is just fine, and now she has a new interest that makes her happy. Or maybe she find a new career opportunity, or simply a new friend. Maybe after one chemistry class, she'll realize it was fun, but she's simply done with it. It's all good. 
 A decision to do something-or even a decision to do  nothing  , oddly enough-simply puts you on a different path. It may or may not be better, but you can still always decide something else. 
 I drilled that into my kids (and I'm hoping it sticks): You always have options. You will learn and grow from any of them, very few will be totally wrong, and que sera and all that. 
 Use your options. It will get you out of the deadlock of either/or, this-or-that, yes-or-no. And once you start moving forward, your way will become more clear. 
 (If this post is not coherent, please remember I'm on Day 7 of a nine-day show!!) 
 Like this? Share it! 
 
 Facebook 
 Print 
 Reddit 
 LinkedIn 
 Pinterest 
 Email 
 Tumblr 
 Twitter 
 Pocket 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Author   Luann Udell Posted on  August 9, 2008 Categories  action steps ,  art ,  business ,  career ,  change ,  choices ,  life Tags  choices ,  decision-making ,  life 7 Comments on ABSOLUTELY (NOT) REVISITED 
 OBITUARIES 
 In celebration of one of my New Year's resolutions-the one about being lazy from time to time-I'm simply going to ask a question today. 
 What would you like your obituary to say? 
 I was reading the Sunday Dec. 30 issue of the New York Times Magazine, entitled _" The Lives They Lived". _It's a collection of essays on noteworthy or well-known people (or people who  should  have been well-known) who died in 2007. It's an astonishing array of people-and animals. (I was pleased to see Alex the talking parrot and Washoe, the hand-signing chimp included on the list.) Politicians and athletes, of course, but also the mother of a famous athlete. Soldiers. Inventors. A hacker. A blogger. A woman who helped hundreds of downed RAF pilots escape Germany under the very noses of the Nazis. Artists, writers, a fashion designer. People who set out to change the world and succeeded-or didn't. People who had no intention of changing the world-and did. 
 It's a fascinating collection of stories. I thought I'd read a couple. I couldn't put it down til I'd read every one. 
 And it got me thinking about the obituary thing. 
 When all is said and done, and your live is someday beautifully summarized such on a page in the New York Times Magazine, what would you like it to say? 
 And more telling… 
 What do you think it would say  now? 
 Like this? Share it! 
 
 Facebook 
 Print 
 Reddit 
 LinkedIn 
 Pinterest 
 Email 
 Tumblr 
 Twitter 
 Pocket 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Author   Luann Udell Posted on  January 1, 2008 Categories  art ,  career ,  inspiration ,  life ,  writing 11 Comments on OBITUARIES 
 WHEN I GROW UP 
 I've been doing a little coaching for close friends this year. They're stuck at a crossroads in their life, or even at a dead end. They have no idea what to do next, or even what they want. 
 I do a "listening exercise" for them. I learned it from Deborah Kruger, and I've written about her workshops before  here ,  here  and  here. 
 Here's a trick I've learned. When people are  really  stuck about what they want to do with their lives, there's a simple little question that helps unlock the log jam of "shoulda/woulda/coulda". 
 "When you were in first grade," I ask them, "what did you want to be when you grew up?" 
 Sometimes people swear they can't remember. Or they laugh it off, because the answer seems so ridiculous. 
 I just poke at them harder til they come up with something. And they almost always get to a point where they pause, and think, and say, very slowly, "Well, this is really silly, but when I was really young, I really wanted to be a…." 
 Listen closely to the answer. Because it's really important. 
 I've never met a kid, a very young kid, who didn't have some dream of who and what they wanted to be when they grew up. It is the ultimate fantasy, the first dream. 
 And in it lies the seeds of what you could become today. 
 Look beneath the "title" of what you wanted to be, and think about  why you wanted to do that. 
 We had those desires when we were young. But we don't know enough about the world to interpret where those desires could fit in. So we look around and grab a name, an occupation that fits our desires. 
 Later, when we're older, we remember the  name  of the thing. But we forget the  feelings  , the desires that brought us to that thing. That's when it starts to seem silly, or unattainable. And that's when we first let go of our dreams. 
 For example, lots of boys want to be firemen, or policemen. And obviously, not all of them become one. But that desire to protect and serve, coupled with action and physical activity, may still be part of their dream job. Or keeping people safe. Or solving crimes, or puzzles. Or gosh, maybe something as simple as wearing a uniform. 
 A desire to be a ballerina may mean you want to be in the limelight and wear fluffy tutus. But it could also mean that you were happiest when you were dancing. Or practicing your craft. Or performing it. Or simply moving. Or maybe it was interpreting the music. Or teaching the other kids a cool move. Maybe it was the pageantry, the costumes, the stage sets. 
 And it may be time to put some rigorous movement, or music, or coaching, or performance back in your life. (Or go buy a tutu, what the heck? Some dreams are cheap to fulfil.) 
 I think this exercise is insightful because our desires can be so pure and simple when we are so young. (I don't mean "pure" in the altruistic sense, I mean in the the undiluted sense.) There is no fear or self-doubt overlaid, no real world sensibility intruding. No one is telling you at age five "You can't be an artist, you'll starve to death!" 
 The trick is to look underneath the job title and think about what intrigued you. 
 Did you want to make things? Maybe you want to be an artist or craftsperson. Did you love to hammer? A carpenter. Did you like to draw? Illustrator, architect, graphic designer. Break things? Demolition! 
 If you wanted to be a skater, maybe you wanted to skate. But maybe you just wanted to go fast. Or be outdoors. Or you wanted to feel everything about winter, including a cold crisp wind on your face. 
 Whatever made your heart sing, try to figure out how to go there again, even for a little while. It may not be your dream job, but it's a thread you can pick up and follow there. 
 Me? What did I want to be when I grew up? 
 An artist, of course! Interestingly, I drew a lot, and I don't like to draw now. But…I never drew anything I could see. I didn't want to draw landscapes or houses, for example. I was always drawing imagined images. Especially…  animals.  I absolutely loved drawing animals. Especially…  horses . I yearned for more animals in my life, too, especially horses. 
 I also collected things. Anything. Pretty stones, shells, bits of interesting lichen. Ribbons, scraps pretty wrapping paper, pictures cut from magazines. My mother called it "trash", but it was all treasure to me. 
 Later, when I had money, I loved scrounging thrift shops and junk stores. My favorite thing to do, hands down, is to browse through a really good antique store/second hand store. (The affordable ones, not the pricey ones!) I love finding odd little treasures, especially the things most people overlook-carpenter's folding wooden measures, bits of funky jewelry, rusty metal things, game pieces. (I treasure the measuring tape that was wrapped around a steer, with calculations to estimate its weight.) 
 I  loved  archeology and fossils. I think I loved the notion of finding something really cool and old, and digging it up. And imagining what life was like when that particular thing was around. My favorite scene in the book  Little House on the Prairie  **** is when the girls visit an abandoned Indian campground and find all those glass beads. (Trade beads!!) 
 You'd think when the current collage/assemblage phase burgeoned, I'd be a happy collage artist. But I'm not. I can't bear to cut up any of my treasures. Instead, I love arranging them into endless vignettes. And I'm very good at  that  , too. 
 Animals…artifacts…ancient treasures…vignettes. Oh, did I mention I wanted to be a writer, too? 
 Who knew that fifty years ago, the artist I am today was already awake and thriving in that five-year-old's heart?! 
 Like this? Share it! 
 
 Facebook 
 Print 
 Reddit 
 LinkedIn 
 Pinterest 
 Email 
 Tumblr 
 Twitter 
 Pocket 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Author   Luann Udell Posted on  December 19, 2007December 21, 2007 Categories  art ,  career ,  choices ,  coaching ,  life 8 Comments on WHEN I GROW UP 
 Email Subscription 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 2,609 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 Search for stuff here 
 Search for: Search 
 Muddling through life with the help of art. 
 I've been blogging for 15 years now. Almost 1,200 articles since 2003. If you like what you see,  share it!  Just send or post a link to my blog for folks who might benefit. 
 If you'd like to hear about my  open studio events or classes  , sign up for emails   here. 
 See my art at  LuannUdell.com 
 Why I make animal artifacts, and their stories . 
 My artist statement . And my  9/11 piece  that helped me get clarity about my place in the world. 
 A poem to affirm  we all have a place in the world . And  a story about how I found mine . 
 Another poem on the beauty in a messy studio, a messy home, and a messy life:  Song of the Vacuum 
 You can e-mail me at  LuannATLuannUdellDOTcom . 
 More articles are at  MY OLD BLOG . (From 2002-2007.) 
 Visit my  art biz   FACEBOOK PAGE  or see my personal stuff on  FACEBOOK . 
 Follow me on  TWITTER . Scroll way, way down this page to see examples of my most recent tweets. 
 My first two books on Kindle! 
 GOOD BOOTHS GONE BAD Create the best craft show environment for selling your work [Kindle Edition] 
 GETTING PEOPLE OUT OF YOUR BOOTH: Create a Craft Show Environment That Lets Your REAL Customers Shop [Kindle Edition] 
 ABOUT Luann  (the muddling part…) 
 Why I use polymer clay:  Welcome to my world! 
 I've learned a lot in the process of making my art and getting it out into the world. I share what I've learned so maybe you don't have to learn everything the hard way. (But sometimes you do anyway…) 
 You get an inside look at my creative life-the good, the bad and the ugly. Mostly the good. And how I  get to the good. 
 I make wall hangings, sculptures and jewelry inspired by prehistoric, tribal and world art. I tell stories with my art, stories to honor and encourage others who are making their own place in the world. 
 I believe using our creativity makes the world a better place for everyone. I believe everyone can participate in that process. I contribute as an artist and a writer. And maybe other ways I don't know about yet. 
 I write about how being a late-bloomer, a mother for 30 years, a martial artist (no more), a horse rider, a climber (no more there, either…knees) and a writer, have all made me a better artist. 
 And….vice versa. 
 I wrote  CARVING RUBBER STAMPS  for Lark Books. I wrote a regular column for CraftsBusiness Magazine (til it went out of business, and no, that wasn't my fault.) Then I wrote for The Crafts Report magazine, which became Handmade Business, and now I don't write for that, either. (They said I wasn't funny anymore.) 
 But I still write a free weekly art biz column for an online art marketing newsletter called  Fine Art Views  for  FASO.com  (Fine Art Studios Online), where my own website is hosted. 
 Thanks for stopping by! 
 Recent Posts 
 
 NEWSLETTERS 101 #21: Share Your Customer Service! 
 NEWSLETTERS 101: #20 Share the BIGGEST Gift of All! 
 WayBack Whenever: That Small Voice Inside 
 NEWSLETTERS 101: #19 Share a Family Tradition! 
 NEWSLETTERS 101 #18: Love (and Art) in the Time of Covid-19 
 NEWSLETTERS 101 #17: Share an “Aha!” Moment 
 NEWSLETTERS 101 #16: The Numbers Don't Matter! 
 NEWSLETTERS 101 #15: Share Your Resources! 
 
 
 
 
 January 2021 S 
 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 
 
 10 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 
 
 17 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 
 
 24 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 
 
 31 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 « Dec 
 Categories 
 
 25 Random Things 
 9/11 
 action steps 
 adoption 
 advice on getting advice 
 advice on giving advice 
 affirmations 
 announcement 
 around the neighborhood 
 art 
 art marketing 
 art studios 
 art vs. craft 
 artist bio 
 artist statement 
 artist support group 
 balance 
 banner 
 Bead Museum 
 bereavement workshops 
 Blogroll 
 body of work 
 booth behavior 
 booth design 
 booth display 
 booth floor 
 booth layout 
 booth signs 
 booth traffic 
 booth walls 
 Boxes 
 business 
 cancer 
 career 
 cat lessons 
 change 
 Chariots of Fire 
 choices 
 classes 
 cleaning the studio 
 climbing 
 coaching 
 collectors 
 consignment 
 copycats 
 courage 
 cows 
 craft 
 craft books 
 craft shows 
 Craft Tips 
 creativity 
 criticism 
 customer care 
 death 
 demonstrating 
 depression 
 display 
 dogs 
 donating to charity fundraisers 
 Dublin Lake 
 Edith Grodin 
 engaging children with your art 
 envy 
 Etsy 
 event 
 exercise for success 
 exhibition proposal 
 fear of doing it wrong 
 fear of failing 
 fear of falling 
 Fear of missing out 
 finding your tribe 
 Fine Art Views 
 fitness 
 for sale 
 four stages of competency 
 friendship 
 Fulton Crossing 
 funny 
 gallery representation 
 George Cromarty 
 getting advice 
 getting people OUT of your booth 
 getting unstuck 
 go to the studio today 
 going green 
 Good booths gone bad 
 gratitude 
 grief journaling 
 half-wholesale 
 haters gonna hate 
 health 
 horses 
 hospice 
 How to blog 
 how to say no 
 how to write a newsletter 
 humor 
 Hyperbole-and-a-Half 
 I feel sad about my art 
 in my studio 
 inspiration 
 introduction 
 invitation 
 jealousy 
 jewelry 
 jewelry design 
 jewelry display 
 jewelry tips 
 knitting 
 Learning to fly 
 learning to see 
 Lessons from Gary's Studio 
 Lessons from horses 
 lessons from hospice 
 Lessons from the Fires 
 Lessons from the Gym 
 Lessons from the move 
 Lessons from the Open Studio 
 life 
 life lessons 
 life with a dog 
 life with chickens 
 life with pets 
 life with rabbits 
 life with teenagers 
 lighting 
 listening 
 little daily miracles 
 liviing with intention 
 living with intention 
 lizard brain 
 LNHC Craftsmen's Fair 
 love 
 Luann's books on Kindle 
 luann's new book 
 marketing 
 martial arts 
 mastery 
 mean people suck 
 mental attitude 
 mentoring 
 mindfulness 
 monkey mind 
 museum class 
 my stuff 
 myths about artists 
 myths about millennials 
 networking 
 new work 
 Nibble theory 
 No more excuses! 
 not my circus and not my monkeys 
 not my monkeys 
 open studio 
 Open studio announcement 
 organization 
 overcoming obstacles 
 oxidizing silver 
 packaging materials 
 pencils of death 
 perfectionism 
 perseverence 
 pets 
 poetry 
 polymer clay 
 press release 
 press releases 
 privacy vs. authenticity and identity 
 procrastination 
 professional jealousy 
 ProPanel 
 proposals 
 public art proposal 
 publishing 
 qualifying buyers 
 questions you don't have to answer 
 Quora answers 
 Radio Userland articles 
 Radio Userland posts 
 rats 
 recycling 
 recycling tip 
 refinish floors 
 resources 
 Respect Your Collectors 
 risks 
 self promotion 
 selfishness 
 selling 
 selling online 
 selling to stores 
 shadow artist 
 shout-outs 
 show and tell 
 shows 
 silent evidence 
 social networking 
 starting over 
 Stories from the Flea Market 
 Studio Tips 
 style 
 Support your medium 
 taglines 
 Take me home with you! 
 taking chances 
 talking to customers 
 Teaching 101 
 Tell Me A Story 
 telling your story 
 The Crafts Report column 
 the Four Questions 
 the healing power of art 
 The Keene Sentinel articles 
 The Nibble Theory 
 the power of our choices 
 The Science of Well-Being 
 Thin Secrets for Being Successful 
 time management 
 to do list 
 trading 
 tribes 
 trunk show 
 tutorial 
 Twitter 
 Union Leader article 
 vampires 
 virtual tour of my studio 
 voting 
 Wayback Wednesday 
 what I wish someone had told me about artists 
 what is the measure of your success 
 What is the story only you can tell? 
 wholesale 
 why millennials don't buy our art 
 Why? 
 William Stafford poem 
 window display 
 women and art 
 word of the year 
 world peace 
 writing 
 writing a book 
 yoga 
 
 Archives 
 
 January 2021 
 December 2020 
 November 2020 
 October 2020 
 September 2020 
 August 2020 
 July 2020 
 June 2020 
 May 2020 
 April 2020 
 March 2020 
 February 2020 
 January 2020 
 December 2019 
 November 2019 
 October 2019 
 September 2019 
 August 2019 
 July 2019 
 June 2019 
 May 2019 
 April 2019 
 March 2019 
 February 2019 
 January 2019 
 December 2018 
 November 2018 
 October 2018 
 September 2018 
 August 2018 
 July 2018 
 June 2018 
 May 2018 
 April 2018 
 March 2018 
 February 2018 
 January 2018 
 December 2017 
 October 2017 
 September 2017 
 August 2017 
 July 2017 
 June 2017 
 May 2017 
 April 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 December 2016 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 July 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 March 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 November 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 
 August 2011 
 July 2011 
 June 2011 
 May 2011 
 April 2011 
 March 2011 
 February 2011 
 January 2011 
 December 2010 
 November 2010 
 October 2010 
 September 2010 
 August 2010 
 July 2010 
 June 2010 
 May 2010 
 April 2010 
 March 2010 
 February 2010 
 January 2010 
 December 2009 
 November 2009 
 October 2009 
 September 2009 
 August 2009 
 July 2009 
 June 2009 
 May 2009 
 April 2009 
 March 2009 
 February 2009 
 January 2009 
 December 2008 
 November 2008 
 October 2008 
 September 2008 
 August 2008 
 July 2008 
 June 2008 
 May 2008 
 April 2008 
 March 2008 
 February 2008 
 January 2008 
 December 2007 
 November 2007 
 October 2007 
 September 2007 
 August 2007 
 July 2007 
 June 2007 
 May 2007 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 kavenne on  NEWSLETTERS 101 #21: Share You… 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Luann Udell  on  NEWSLETTERS 101 #21: Share You… 
 
 
 
 Jessie Buckley  on  NEWSLETTERS 101 #21: Share You… 
 
 
 bonjoartist83 on  NEWSLETTERS 101 #21: Share You… 
 
 
 
 
 DawnGillDesigns  on  NEWSLETTERS 101 #21: Share You… 
 
 
 
 
 
 action steps 
 advice for artists 
 announcement 
 art 
 artist statement 
 art marketing 
 bereavement 
 body of work 
 booth behavior 
 booth design 
 booth display 
 business 
 business of art 
 business of craft 
 choices 
 cleaning the studio 
 craft 
 craft booth 
 crafts 
 craft shows 
 creativity 
 customer care 
 customer relations 
 dogs 
 exercise for success 
 Fine Art Views 
 friendship 
 funny 
 getting people OUT of your booth 
 Good booths gone bad 
 gratitude 
 grief 
 half-wholesale 
 hospice 
 how to get clear when things get hard 
 how to get to the studio every day 
 humor 
 inspiration 
 jewelry 
 jewelry display 
 journaling 
 lessons from hospice 
 lessons from the move 
 life 
 life lessons 
 Luann Udell 
 marketing 
 martial arts 
 mental attitude 
 mindfulness 
 myths about artists 
 networking 
 open studio 
 organization 
 perseverence 
 professional jealousy 
 questions you don't have to answer 
 recycling 
 self-doubt 
 self promotion 
 selling 
 selling to stores 
 selling your art 
 shadow artist 
 shows 
 telling your story 
 the healing power of art 
 the power of our choices 
 Things to do in Sonoma County 
 time management 
 trade shows 
 what martial arts taught me about making art 
 who is a real artist? 
 wholesale 
 writing 
 
 
 action steps   art   artist statement   art marketing   booth behavior   booth design   business   choices   cleaning the studio   courage   craft   craft shows   creativity   customer care   Fine Art Views   inspiration   lessons from hospice   life   life lessons   marketing   mental attitude   perseverence   self promotion   selling   shows   social networking   telling your story   time management   What is the story only you can tell?   writing 
 Luann Udell's Tweets 
 
 NEWSLETTERS 101 #21: Share Your Customer Service!   luannudell.wordpress.com/2021/01/12/new…   1 week ago 
 Just posted a photo @ 33Arts   instagram.com/p/CJzhugAl2I0/…   1 week ago 
 NEWSLETTERS 101: #20 Share the BIGGEST Gift of All!   luannudell.wordpress.com/2021/01/05/new…   2 weeks ago 
 Just posted a photo @ 33Arts   instagram.com/p/CJo8GpKlVLs/…   2 weeks ago 
 WayBack Whenever: That Small Voice Inside   luannudell.wordpress.com/2021/01/01/way…   2 weeks ago 
 
 Luann Udell   Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
