
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Hot Damn! it's a Full-time job 
 Quorum is looking for a Product Designer in Washington, DC, USA. 
 About 
 Consistently named one of the top D.C. start-ups to watch since 2016, Quorum builds software that helps public affairs professionals work smarter and move faster. Our philosophy is people-first, whether we're supporting team members in their careers or prioritizing our clients with a best-in-class customer success program. Quorum's clients use our tools to bring a modern approach to advocacy work in Congress, all 50 state legislatures, major U.S. cities, the European Union, and more than a dozen countries. 
 As a Product Designer, you’ll be expanding the Product Design function at Quorum. You’ll be responsible for owning and completing epics in an Agile Development environment, updating the Design System storefront with new components from the Epic work, and maintaining and optimizing the Design System for stakeholders to use. As needed, you’ll also help facilitate user research through various methods. This role reports directly to Quorum’s Product Design Lead. 
 What You’ll Do 
 - First Week: You’ll learn about Quorum’s many products, users, and the public affairs world. You’ll start learning about the Development Team’s processes and the Design Function’s processes. 
- First Month: You’ll begin maintaining the Design System and the Storefront. You’ll slowly take over more and more ownership of epic design work. 
- First Six (6) Months: You’ll own several epics involving Design with the Design Process. This means planning, researching, prototyping, creating wireframes, creating mock-ups, handing off to developers, and QA’ing and testing the builds, as well as final development support as needed to launch a feature. You’ll help complete the Design System storefront and add new components to it. 
- First Year: You’ll be part of the Design Function owning 100% of the Epic design work. You’ll have helped create a clear and established process with the highest of standards of adding and maintaining new components for the Design System. 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
   
   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7753-quorum-product-designer  
 On-site required? 
 Yes 
 Experience 
 1-3 years 
 Date Posted 
 November 26, 2020 
 Managed By 
 Giang Dieple 
 Perks 
 
 Generous Vacation 
 Great benefits 
 Gym 
 Maternity / Paternity 
 Relocation assistance 
 
 Fine Print 
 Thank you so much for being interested in the Product Designer role! If you are interested in applying, please apply at the following link: https://grnh.se/2887993e1us. 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
