Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 6 Job Search Tips to Fill an Employment Gap 
 Cara Barone    28th July    Career   Leave a Comment 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=6%20Job%20Search%20Tips%20to%20Fill%20an%20Employment%20Gap%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fyour-job%2Fjob-search-tips%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 When you’re searching for a job, the fact that you’re currently  unemployed  might weigh on you as you consider what potential employers will think about the time you’ve spent out of the workforce. 
 If you’re out of work and want to demonstrate you've spent your time wisely during that period, there are several things you can do. 
 Here are six  job search  tips that can help you use your employment gap to your advantage. 
 1. Volunteer 
 Volunteering  your time to help others in your community is a considerate way to spend your time while you’re out of work. 
 Volunteering demonstrates your interest in contributing to something larger than yourself and also allows you to develop  additional skills  that you may be missing out on in between jobs. 
 Volunteer activities often require some prior planning or coordinating a large number of people, which can show your ability to manage a large group. 
 If you’re not sure where you want to volunteer, look up local nonprofits in your area, check hospitals for volunteer opportunities or ask your friends if they know of any groups looking for more participants. 
 2. Join Professional or Community Organizations 
 Not only will joining these groups supplement any other networking activities you participate in, it will also allow you to be a part of the conversations about trends in your industry and community. 
 When  interviewing  for a job, if you can speak to relevant news and refer to other professionals in your industry, you can show that you haven’t lost ground while you have been out of work. Additionally your connections can be leveraged after you have obtained a job, which is also a benefit for a potential employer. 
 3. Take Skills Classes 
 One of the best things you can do for yourself while you are unemployed is continue to build your skill set. There are many online programs such as  Code Academy , which is free and offers lessons to help you learn coding languages. 
 By continuing to expand your knowledge base when you are out of work, you can show potential employers your initiative to learn and improve your skills. Particularly in tech industries, skills can be a major differentiator between job candidates. 
 4. Start Something 
 Unemployed people generally have much more time on their hands than they ever did while they were employed. This free time allows for the opportunity to be creative, come up with ideas and implement them. 
 Whether you  blog  about your expertise, start a consulting business or open a small business of you own, take the initiative to start something and follow through with it on your own to demonstrate your drive to a potential employer. 
 5. Practice 
 It may seem silly at first, but you can never be over-prepared for a job interview. Talk to a friend in your industry about conducting a  mock interview  with you. 
 By practicing the key points you want to mention about yourself and the  questions  you want to ask to demonstrate your interest in the position and the company, you will be more comfortable when it’s time for the real thing. 
 6. Treat Yourself 
 Pursuing a new job doesn’t mean you have to ignore your own  passions . While you’re between jobs, spend time doing what you love. If you enjoy physical activity, keep yourself busy by staying active. If you prefer to read, maybe you should join a book club. Whether you’re a sports fanatic or an avid photographer, your hobbies can help you while you’re out of work. 
 When you’re  job-hunting , every skill counts. As you interview for your next job you can discuss all of the things you’ve done to advance your career and yourself if you continue to pursue your passions. 
 A stint of unemployment can be a stressful time in anyone’s life. If you keep yourself busy and continue build up your connections, your resume, and yourself during this time, you will be viewed as much more hirable candidate to a potential employer. 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 interviews (13) 
 
 
 Job Search (25) 
 
 
 job search tips (1) 
 
 
 volunteer (4) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Cara Barone  |  Website  |  Twitter  |  Other Articles 
 Cara Barone is the Social Media Marketing Manager at Kforce, a provider of staffing and solutions. Cara also manages Knowledge Employed,  a career advice blog  for job hunters, seasoned employees and hiring managers. Follow her on Twitter:  @CaraBarone 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     7 Ways to Network on LinkedIn  
  _ _     Using Stock Ratings to Create Your Next Career Move  
  _ _     Asking for a Raise & Getting One  
 
 Discussion 
 
 0 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 No Comments yet, be the first! 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
