Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Retail Opportunities - Contract - Relocation 
 The North West Company 
 __Canada 
 Apply Now 
 Contract - Up to 6 Month Term 
 A job unlike any other. 
 Northern Northmart currently has exciting opportunities for full-time, employment in retail stores across the North. This is an exciting opportunity to build a stable and meaningful career as part of an organization that rewards hard work and passion. Join us in making a difference in unique communities all across the North. 
 Retail Associate Work with Northern Northmart 
 Northern Northmart offers competitive earnings and rewarding experiences. As a store employee, you’ll fulfill multiple terms in different locations based on what’s needed. 
 Free food and shared accommodation for the duration the term. 
Competitive wages – up to 20 dollars per hour (subject to experience and location) 
Opportunity for overtime 
Paid virtual training 
 As a store employee, you will have the opportunity to visit and serve a variety of different locations and communities. Your passion, work ethic, and positive attitude will make you an asset. 
 The opportunity to work in and experience remote communities across Northern Canada 
Paid transport to and from work 
Compensation for community relocations 
Potential opportunity to work in multiple communities during your term. 
 Your Responsibilities 
 Each member of our retail team plays an important role in our stores and in the communities they serve. You will be asked to take care of a variety of tasks throughout the store. 
 Ordering of various retail products as needed; 
Receiving product and stocking shelves; 
Operating cash lanes; 
Organizing and creating eye-catching displays ; 
Executing planograms; and 
Serving customers and community residents. 
 Skills and Qualifications 
 We’re looking for professional, organized workers who have a healthy sense of adventure and are looking to make a real difference. 
 The ability to quickly adapt to new communities and situations; 
 Previous experience as a:  Supervisor, Retail Sales Associate, Cashier, Customer Service Representative, or Grocery Clerk is an asset. 
Exceptional customer service skills in a fast-paced environment; 
Excellent written and verbal communication skills; 
A commitment to building relationships with people from all walks of life; 
Physically capable of lifting heavy objects unaided for extended periods of time; 
Proven organizational, planning, and prioritizing skills; 
A motivated and adventurous personality; and 
You have a strong commitment to The North West Company’s vision, mission, values, and strategies. 
 We’d love to hear from all workers who are motivated to thrive professionally and personally while making a difference in multiple communities across the North. We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those selected for an interview will be contacted. 
 CANDIDATES MUST BE WILLING TO RELOCATE TO MULTIPLE MARKETS IN THE NORTHERNMOST REGIONS OF ALBERTA, MANITOBA, ONTARIO, SASKATCHEWAN, QUEBEC, NUNAVUT, AND NORTHWEST TERRITORIES. RELOCATION ARRANGEMENTS WILL BE MADE AND PAID FOR BY THE NORTH WEST COMPANY. 
 FOR THE SAFETY OF OUR NORTHERN COMMUNITIES, RELOCATED EMPLOYEES WILL BE SUBJECT TO MANDATORY 14 DAY ISOLATION PERIOD UPON ARRIVAL. 
 Northern and NorthMart is part of The North West group of companies. We are proud to serve and support communities in Northern Canada. Our stores offer a broad range of products and services with an emphasis on food, and our goal is to be the best local shopping choice for everyday household and local lifestyle needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
