  
 
 Jobs 
 Features 
 Newsletter 
 Login 
 
 Talent  Startup 
 I am a 
 Jobseeker Talent 
 or a 
 Hiring Startup 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign up using linkedin   __ 
 Hello 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign in using linkedin   __ 
 Employers  __ 
 Employers  __ 
 __filters __search 
 Filter by category 
 All Jobs Developer Jobs Marketing Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Manager Jobs Customer Support Jobs Sales Jobs Data and Product Jobs Internships Co-Founder Roles Designer Jobs People and Other Jobs 
 Filter by type 
 full-time part-time freelance 
 Advanced Search 
 search jobs __ 
 Chief commercial officer & Partner (Salary & Equity / Revenue Generating startup) 
 at Filisia 
 go back to Co-Founder Roles 
 
 
 __Remote 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 
 
 
 
 __Remote 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 Location  : Remote, London or Athens 
 Salary  : Negotiable, depending on experience 
 Application deadline:  7 Feb 2021 
 About Filisia: 
 We are a multi-award-winning company that reimagines play and therapy for early years learners and people with additional needs. Our first product is Cosmo: a platform of interactive IoT devices, iPad applications and data analytics tools used in education and elderly care settings. 
 Cosmo helps train cognitive, communication and motor skills through interactive games and activities. The product is already in the marketplace and is being used by families, schools, care homes and therapy centers in 20 countries. The company is now entering its scale-up stage and is looking for a commercial leader to help drive growth. 
 The Role: 
 We are currently expanding our executive team and we are looking for an exceptional commercial leader to help us unlock the next level of growth. This is a unique opportunity to join a small interdisciplinary team with a social mission. Combining strategy, execution and management, the cofounder will provide leadership for the entire business and optimise for growth and scale. 
 Reporting to the CEO and senior management team, this role is responsible for developing and executing a successful commercial strategy, while supporting the team in the everyday business. 
 You are a fast learner, a leader and enabler and will relish the opportunity to create a truly world-class Edtech company. In return, you will be able to increase your salary, earn an sizeable equity stake (based on pre-agreed benchmarks) and potentially take on the CEO role in a 6-12 month timeframe. 
 You will: 
 
 
 Own the company roadmap and work closely with the CEO and the leadership team to ensure Filisia is focusing on the highest value activities and opportunities. 
 
 
 Pursue active sales leads. Dealing with customer enquiries, liaising with existing and prospective customers and distributors online and at trade fairs, workshops, etc. 
 
 
 Set up meetings with potential clients, assesses their needs and provides assistance and information on product features. 
 
 
 Have overall responsibility for commercial and operational budgets 
 
 
 Share customer insights and represent wider market trends, challenges and opportunities to inform go-to-market strategies including value proposition, messaging, target market segmentation, pricing and channel strategy. 
 
 
 Manage relationships with partners/vendors 
 
 
 Build the operational capabilities to deliver against Filisia's long-term growth plans 
 
 
 Represent the company in education technology conferences, community events, training events, etc 
 
 
 Assist CEO in fundraising ventures and participate in expansion activities (investments, corporate alliances etc.) 
 
 
 Identify customer/learner problems-to-be-solved and opportunity size, scope and define possible solutions, articulate and test product-solution/market fit, test and agree pricing and business models, and assess impact in market and on learning. 
 
 
 Take responsibility for the creation and implementation of marketing strategies across all channels: website, social media and PR. 
 
 
 **The Person  ** 
 We welcome applicants who are highly effective and confident leaders with excellent communication and commercial skills, along with experience in fundraising. You'll bring exceptional influencing, negotiation and presentation skills, along with experience of working directly with customers, building relationships and developing communities both in person and online. 
 What we 're looking for: 
 
 
 A strong operator and manager - you will have a proven track record in leadership roles with cross-functional teams (preferably in Education, EdTech or Special Education sectors) 
 
 
 Highly commercial and financially literate - you will be able to drive revenues and devise strategic go to market plans across products/geographies. 
 
 
 You will have the ability to work with product teams and have some understanding of hardware, software, games and supply chains 
 
 
 Proven track record for fostering long term, successful business relationships at various levels of seniority. 
 
 
 A quick learner, problem solver with can-do attitude 
 
 
 Ability to work in a fast-paced environment, juggling multiple projects simultaneously 
 
 
 Strong self-initiative and results orientation 
 
 
 Desirable: 
 
 
 Previous fundraising experience 
 
 
 Experience working in technology startup or scale-up 
 
 
 Experienced in or interested in improving the lives of people with additional needs. 
 
 
 You may not tick all the boxes but we are open to examine your candidacy if you bring the right mindset. 
 Applications through agencies will not be taken into account. 
 Published at 4 Jan 2021 - Expires on 7 Feb 2021 
 You need to be logged in to apply.   Login  or  create an account . 
 Is this job ad fake? Report it! 
 ×  Warning! 
 __get the latest startup jobs emailed to you 
 Developer Jobs Designer Jobs Internships Marketing Jobs Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Co-Founder Roles Data and Product Jobs People and Other Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Customer Support Jobs 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;  
 and 
  Privacy Policy  
 and Cookie Use. 
 New Jobs Alert created! 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;   
 and 
  Privacy Policy   
 and Cookie Use. 
 
 
 * [Terms of Service](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/terms)
 
 
 Privacy 
 Cookie Policy 
 Acceptable Use Policy 
 Still Hiring 
 
 
 
 * [About Us](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/about)
 
 
 FAQ 
 Cities 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 * [__Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/workinstartups/)
 
 
 __Twitter 
 __Instagram 
 Blog 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Work In Startups 
 This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  Read more  Close 
