Skip to content 
 
 Welcome to the HappiLabs Blog 
 Science funding well spent 
 Menu 
 
 Green Labs 
 Shopping Tips 
 HL Updates 
 Home 
 
 science job 
 We're hiring a Virtual Lab Manager 
 Posted on  December 7, 2020December 8, 2020  by  HappiTom 
   
 Virtual Lab Manager at a growing life science company 
 If you have experience with lab management, purchasing, or customer service in the sciences, apply! 
 ABOUT HAPPILABS 
 HappiLabs is a small business with a startup mentality in Chicago that provides a service to scientists called the Virtual Lab Manager. We support scientists in various ways, virtually, which includes acting as an outsourced purchasing department (some might say a Personal Shopper) for biotech companies and scientific research labs. 
 We have a mission  : to improve the happiness of scientists and the quality of their research. 
 By helping scientists do their job, we are helping all the people on the planet who benefit from inventions, creations, and knowledge that scientists create. 
 You will co-manage a minimum of two labs. We are "virtual" so your job consists of sitting in our offices and communicating with scientists, in other parts of the world, about what they need to run their experiments. 
 You will be trained to be one of the best lab managers in the world. 
 EXPERIENCE 
 A strong candidate will have one of these backgrounds: 
 
 Lab manager or postdoc  (or superb grad student) who has managed people, experiments, and budgets 
 Purchasing agent 
 Sales rep  in the life science industry (but this is NOT a sales job) 
 
 RESPONSIBILITIES 
 
 Communicate with engineers & scientists to understand their needs and experiments 
 Communicate with suppliers (sales reps, technical help & customer service) to obtain pricing and technical info, place orders, retrieve order updates, and solve logistics and supply chain problems 
 Keep accounting records organized 
 Report progress and solve problems at team meetings 
 
 TIMEFRAME 
 Looking to start now, preferably in  Chicago . 
 COMPENSATION 
 
 Full-time, salary 
 $50-70k, depending on experience 
 Medical and Dental health benefits 
 A t-shirt, free coffee and snacks at the office 
 
 SKILLS AND TRAITS YOU SHOULD HAVE 
 We want a long-term commitment, someone who will help a small company grow into a large one. 
 
 Tech savvy  (very good with a computer, its keyboard and multiple monitors) 
 Proactive mentality  – help without being asked to help, and an ability to predict problems 
 Knowledge of  hardware or mechanical engineering, and/or chemistry, and/or molecular biology 
 A passion for science and  desire to   make a difference  in the world. 
 Confident presence on the phone . We frequently call suppliers 
 
 ===== APPLY NOW! ====== 
 CLICK this link ->  HAPPILABS JOB APPLICATION (VIA A GOOGLE FORM) 
 It will not hurt to connect with Tom on LinkedIn. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 Facebook 
 Email 
 Tumblr 
 Reddit 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  HL Updates Tagged  happilabs ,  science job ,  virtual lab manager Leave a comment 
 Follow us: 
 My Tweets 
 Recent, helpful posts 
 
 UPDATE: Shortages in the Scientific Supply Chain 
 We're hiring a Virtual Lab Manager 
 Time to Vote. HappiLabs will be short-staffed on Election Day 
 Reporting on Black Lives Matter action items 
 Black Lives Matter - full support from HappiLabs to change the scientific supply chain 
 HIRING -- Support Virtual Lab Manager 
 5/6 COVID-19 update and Getting Back to Work in the New Normal 
 
 Join the community 
 Sign up to receive lab shopping tips and updates on HappiLabs' development 
 Email Address: 
 Yes please! 
 Search our brain 
 Search for: 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
