Work To The Wise 
 
 Home 
 Brain at Work 
 Workplace Tips 
 Job Search Cafe 
 Career Coaching 
 
 Putting the power of job change in YOUR hands 
 You are here:  Home  /  Job interviews  / STILL Waiting for Job Offer To Be Approved! 
 STILL Waiting for Job Offer To Be Approved! 
 By  Ronnie Ann   246 Comments 
 Hello Ronnie Ann. It's been nice to read all the advice you have given. Still waiting for job offer to be officially approved seems to be the worst waiting game for many of your readers. And now I am in the same boat. 
 Here's my story. I flew in for a the job interview on July 7. And it went very well. My contact there (the hiring manager) tells me that I'm their top candidate. So now we are all waiting for job offer to get the final sign-offs. 
 About a week later, the hiring manager called and said that he put something together for me that should be a good territory. And it just has to be signed off on. I spoke to him the week after, and he said it is now in financing to be approved. So for now it has been two weeks and still nothing official. 
 Waiting for job offer is so slooow! 
 I spoke to my contact again on Monday, and he said that he is still waiting for it to be approved, But once again, he assured me that I am still “their guy”. This has me wondering. Do you think that I have anything to worry about? 
 It seems like things are going pretty slow. Especially after how quick they flew me in to interview, from when I submitted my resume. That only took 2 weeks. 
 Another question I had is, how often should you contact the hiring manager to inquire about the progress? One thing I don't want to be is annoying to them. 
 ~ David 
 And here's my response … 
 Hi David, 
 As far as I can tell from what you wrote, all is on track. Internal processes can take weeks -- often much longer than the whole initial interview process. Nothing's for sure of course, but things look good. So relax, have faith, and find something to do in the meantime. Maybe a project or something you want to learn -- or anything to keep your brain occupied! 
 ⇒ MORE:  12 Ways to Stay Sane After a Job Interview 
 As for how often to contact the hiring manager … there's no hard and fast rule. In your specific situation, you might send him an e-mail toward the end of next week. Just let him know you're still interested, and ask if there's anything more you need to do. 
 Truth is, at this point they know who you are, so unless you get another offer, give them some time. I once waited about 5 months to find out I was the top candidate. And I only e-mailed them every now and then. 🙂 
 Good luck! Please let us know what happens. 
 ~ Ronnie Ann 
 About the author… 
 Ronnie Ann, founder of Work To the Wise and Work Coach Cafe, bases her real-world advice on her many years as an organizational consultant where she helped interview and hire people, added to a certificate from NYU in Career Planning & Development, as well as her many adventures as a serial job seeker. 
 [Post updated in 2020] 
 More posts to help 
 They Reposted the Job. Should I Kiss It Good-Bye? 
 [After an Interview: Weekly Follow Up Calls and Emails](https://www.worktothewise.com/after-an-interview-about-those-tell m-follow-up-emails-and-phone-calls/) 
 12 Things You Need To Know BEFORE a Job Interview 
 So What Really Happens After a Job Interview? 
 How Often Should I Call an Employer After My Interview? 
 Interview Nerves: Should I Apologize for Nerves in My Thank You Letter? 
 Did I Screw Up My Job Interview Thank You Letter? 
 Still Waiting to Hear Back After a Phone Interview 
 Why Do I Get So Nervous During a Job Interview? 
 What Does It Mean If a Job Is Checking Your References? 
 Job References: What If Former Bosses Don’t Work There Any More 
 Why Does It Take So Long After Your Interview? 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Pocket 
 LinkedIn 
 Reddit 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 Related 
 Filed Under:  Job interviews 
 Comments 
 
 Ronnie Ann  says 
 
 September 2, 2011 at 12:01 pm 
 Note to all my readers about comments:  I've been overwhelmed with comments lately. Unfortunately I can't answer them all, but will try to answer as many as I can. Please try to keep them short. It will help. 
 Thanks! ~ Ronnie Ann 
 Reply 
 
 Jeff says 
 
 September 2, 2011 at 8:19 am 
 Dear Work Coach, 
 I could use your insight to a current frustrating situation. 
 At the end of July, I had two great interviews and a lunch meeting with the CEO and SVP of a small marketing firm. I received an email from both on August 1st that I was the ideal candidate and would be receiving a formal offer in 24 hours. The offer didn't come for 4 days and it did not include a bonus structure. When I spoke with the CEO to review his offer, I informed him of my salary history, he apologized for the low offer and promised to send an amended offer with a bonus structure in 48 hours. I did not receive a new proposal for 8 days. This proposal included a bonus plan and an explanation that they were simply could not afford to match my salary history and market value for this executive position, and offered only a 4% salary increase to their original offer. When I spoke with the CEO to review, I asked if he would be flexible to meeting me in the middle from his current offer and my current salary….he agreed and said we had a deal and would have a formal offer to me by the end of the day. That was over two weeks ago and there has been no formal offer or any contact from him since. The CEO was on vacation last week, so I sent an email to the SVP touching base, explaining that the CEO and I had come to terms, had discussed a potential start date and kindly asked for any insight with the delay…the SVP did respond: "there was not yet an agreement but he (CEO) was still in the process of analyzing the financials to see if he could hit a compensation package that would be comfortable for both parties" and that he would inform the CEO that we had communicated. That was over a week ago and the CEO has been back from vacation this week, with no courtesy response or formal offer sent, since our mutual verbal agreement on August 17th. 
 I'm not sure what next steps to take? I am still interested in the position and the company but their inconsistent communication seems unusual, unprofessional and could be a red-flag for poor business practices. I'd appreciate your valuable input? 
 Reply 
 
 Ronnie Ann  says 
 
 September 1, 2011 at 10:56 am 
 Hi Renee! 
 This is a holiday weekend coming up and things slow down around this time as people go on vacation. Also…many things come up that can delay the hiring process that have nothing to do with the candidate. Approvals - especially if people are on vacation - can take longer than you might imagine. 
 At this point, you've done all you can and it sounds very hopeful. Hard as it is, let it go for now. Have a good weekend and expect some word by the end of NEXT week, to give people time to get back to the office and their overflowing inboxes. 😉 
 Good luck!! 
 Reply 
 
 Renee says 
 
 August 31, 2011 at 7:05 pm 
 Dear Job Coach, 
 I received a phone call from a recruiter who works for a large IT company at the end of July. After two more phone interviews and two weeks later, the company flew me out for a face-to-face interview. 
 The following week (after the interview) I received an email from my recruiter stating that I had done really well in my interview and that she was working on approvals and would have more information for the early next week. Well Monday and Tuesday come and go. Tuesday night I emailed her asking how if she had any new information with the status of my application. She quickly replied and said that she had not yet heard anything but hopefully will have approvals by Friday or Monday. 
 Today I received another email saying, "We are waiting to see if we get approvals. I should know more early next week." 
 What does all this mean? Is this a delay tactic to keep me around, but yet gives them enough time to interview other candidates? Or are they really waiting for some kind of salary approval? 
 Reply 
 « Older Comments 
 Newer Comments » 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Your email address will not be published. Required fields are marked * 
 Comment 
 Name * 
 Email * 
 Website 
 Notify me of follow-up comments by email. 
 Notify me of new posts by email. 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 CLICK HERE for latest articles! 
 ------------------ 
 NEED CAREER COACHING? 
 Find out more 
 ------------------ 
 
 About 
 Welcome to Work To The Wise! I'm Ronnie Ann, and I created this site to help you make sense of the world of work. …  More 
 Search by Topic 
 
 Favorite work posts 
 Workplace Problems 
 Are You Feeling Incompetent at Work? 
 How To Deal With a Bully Boss 
 My Boss Is So Incompetent! 
 15 Mistakes Inexperienced Managers Make 
 What To Do If Your Boss Takes You For Granted 
 Coworker Plays Music Too Loud 
 Reasons You're Thinking of Leaving Your Job 
 Why Are You So Afraid To Ask for a Raise? 
 5 Workplace Fears That Limit Your Success 
 Why Do I Always Have Bad Luck in Jobs? 
 When Emotions Take Over In the Workplace 
 My Job Is So Boring. Should I Quit? 
 Help! My Boss Makes Me Feel Stupid 
 Changing Jobs from the Inside 
 Real Problem (Maybe) If Your Job Feels Wrong 
 How Changing Your Attitude Can Change Your Job! 
 How To Change Your Job Without Quitting 
 What To Do If Your Job Makes You Miserable 
 How To Quit a Job (Without Hurting Yourself) 
 Looking for a new job? 
 JOB SEARCH, RESUME & INTERVIEW TIPS 
 BROWSE SITE CATEGORIES 
 BROWSE SITE CATEGORIES Select Category After the interview Annoying coworkers Asking for a raise Career growth Change at work Dealing with bosses Dream jobs Earning more money Gratitude Health & Job Stress Interview questions Interview references Job interview tips Job interviews Job offers Job performance Job search Managing staff Networking Nonprofits Personal growth & development Resume tips Retirement dreams Uncategorized Unhappy at work Volunteer work Work and life balance Workplace communication Workplace relationships Workplace solutions Your brain at work Zen at work 
 PLEASE REMEMBER  If Your Boss Treats You Badly, Why It’s Not Your Fault!  --------------- 
 Browse by topic! 
 JOB SEARCH & INTERVIEWS 
 Bosses & Coworkers 
  WORKPLACE PROBLEMS  
  EMOTIONS AT WORK  
 WORK-LIFE BALANCE 
  CAREER DICTIONARY  
 
 Subscribe Via Email! 
 Email Address 
 Subscribe 
 
 Need more help? 
 -- ------------------- 
 PRIVACY POLICY 
 -- ------------------- 
 Publishing Rights 
 All writing on Work To The Wise ©2021 is the exclusive property of WorkToTheWise.com, unless otherwise indicated. All rights reserved. 
 Legal Stuff 
 Suggestions or ideas offered on this blog are for educational purposes only. Any actions you take as a result are your sole responsibility. 
 Follow on Twitter 
 Copyright (C) 2021 ·  eleven40 Pro Theme  on  Genesis Framework  · Hosted by GreenGeeks 
