  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 
  Workana  
  Freelance Jobs  
  Design & Multimedia  
 
 Design & Multimedia Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Find the best freelancers for your project here 
 ](https://www.workana.com/hire/) 
 3 days ago 
 Iskra Medical 
 Published: 3 days ago  Bids: 4 
 Skra MEDICAL is a leading manufacturer of devices for physiotherapy, rehabilitation, and estetic medicine. 
 Currently, our production assortment includes the electrotherapy, ultrasound, vacuum, laser, pressure, magneto, intense pulse light, and radio frequency equipment, but we constatnly continue to broaden our family of quality medical in cosmetic products. 
The starting point in development of a new product is to study the intended purpose of the device, and consider the needs from practitioner’s point of view. The user-friendly operation, efficacy and safety are the main criteria in development. 
 The company has a Quality Management System certificate in accordance with iso 9001 and iso 13485. 
 The devices are compliant with EU Medical Device Directive mdd 93/42/eec and have received an ec certificate through notified body 2265 (3ec international). 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Web design 
 Published by:  P. J. Last reply: 3 days ago  Venezuela 
 USD 100 - 250 
 3 days ago 
 Ui/Ux designer for a F&B ordering app 
 Published: 3 days ago  Project duration: 3 - 4 months Bids: 1 
 We need an experienced ui/ux designer to join our development team. 
 Experience with industry standard design tools as Sketch, Figma or Adobe xd and good level of english is a must. 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Mobile app design 
 What do you need?  : Medium-sized change 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : Full time 
 Similar apps  : Other 
 Published by:  T. C. Argentina 
 USD 20 - 30 / hour 
 4 days ago 
 Add 1 video file in multiple video files. 
 Published: 4 days ago  Deadline: 1 Bids: 6 
 I need someone to add a video file into multiple video files through a particular software. Then I need the person to upload the videos in a platform. 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Make or edit a video 
 What do you need?  : New video from existing footage 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 I will provide  : Logos, Original film, Stock video clips 
 Duration  : Other 
 Published by:  A. G. Last reply: 3 days ago  India 
 Less than USD 50 
 4 days ago 
 Create a video for presentation 
 Published: 4 days ago  Bids: 1 
 There has been quite a push to get rid of cash these past few years driven by governments, retailers, banks and other societal pressures. Cash provides something digital payments do not normally provide, the ability to make offline & anonymous payments. Should we be so keen to abandon cash entirely? 
Are we okay with tech companies and banks knowing everything we purchase, where we spend, who we spend with then selling that data on or using it to target us with advertisements and content? Are we okay with governments implementing large scale warrantless #FinancialSurveillance operations on the populace? Are we okay with our spending and saving data being used to score, rate, rank us in everything from job applications to dating profiles? 
What starts out as laws to restrict money laundering and terrorist financing can easily become a financial snoopers charter. 
If we are not okay with all this then what checks and balances can be put in place? 
Based on the above scenario create a video on  “Good Bye Cash …” 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Make or edit a video 
 What do you need?  : New video from existing footage 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 I will provide  : Demos 
 Duration  : Between 3 and 5 min 
 Published by:  R. Malaysia 
 Less than USD 50 
 4 days ago 
 Create a video 
 Published: 4 days ago  Deadline: 10 Bids: 0 
 Goodbye Cash, Goodbye Privacy 
There has been quite a push to get rid of cash these past few years driven by governments, retailers, banks and other societal pressures. Cash provides something digital payments do not normally provide, the ability to make offline & anonymous payments. Should we be so keen to abandon cash entirely? 
Are we okay with tech companies and banks knowing everything we purchase, where we spend, who we spend with then selling that data on or using it to target us with advertisements and content? Are we okay with governments implementing large scale warrantless #FinancialSurveillance operations on the populace? Are we okay with our spending and saving data being used to score, rate, rank us in everything from job applications to dating profiles? 
What starts out as laws to restrict money laundering and terrorist financing can easily become a financial snoopers charter. 
If we are not okay with all this then what checks and balances can be put in place? 
Based on the above scenario create a video on  “Good Bye Cash …” 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Make or edit a video 
 What do you need?  : New video and footage 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 I will provide  : Demos 
 Duration  : Between 3 and 5 min 
 Published by:  R. Malaysia 
 Less than USD 50 
 4 days ago 
 Social Media Manager, Virtual Assistant 
 Published: 4 days ago  Bids: 1 
 Company Background: Athena CPAs and Advisors LLC is an accounting firm that provides consulting auditing services, with 3 years of experience. We service small and medium-size companies with attestation services, which include financial statement reviews and audits. We are in the search of a reliable, flexible, organized, and detailed-oriented Audit Associate to support us in growing the business and that wants to grow with us, to elevate the user experience for our customers. 
 You will be responsible: 
•    Working closely with the founder on multiple supporting / assisting activities. 
•    Social Media management (scheduling/photo editing/hashtag research and more). 
•    Data collection and data entry tasks. 
 •    Web and market research. 
•    Finding Emails/Contact details from Websites. Email list building. 
 LinkedIn search. Lead generation. 
•    Basic graphic design and photo editing activities. 
 •    Formatting documentation and presentations. Proofreading. 
•    Production of reports. 
 •    Scraping and Extracting data from the Websites. 
•    Addressing of reviews, feedback and defects or enhancements raised against the deliverables. 
•    Attending agile ceremonies to check on progress and agree next steps.. 
 Your essential skills and experience: 
•    Excellent communication skills, detailed-oriented, and fast learner. 
•    Positive attitude and demonstrate a willingness to learn 
•    Work constructively with the manager, sharing responsibility, providing support, maintaining communication, and updating senior team members on progress 
•    Contribute ideas/opinions to the assurance teams and listen/respond to other assurance team members' views 
•    Demonstrate professionalism and competence in the audit client's environment 
•    Excellent written and verbal communication skills in English 
•    Excellent MS Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint) 
•    Video conferencing tools (Zoom, Google Meet). 
•    Ability to work in a lean-agile development environment. 
 Desired Skills 
•    Transcription and production of training material (if you don’t have experience on this, we can train you to augment your skill set). 
•    Experience working for the education sector. 
•    Experienced with Canva, Zoho. 
 •    Experienced with Trello / Confluence and Slack. 
•    Fluent Spanish is a plus 
 Additional Information: 
•    The initial phase of work should take up to 20 hours (spread over 4 weeks). 
•    Ongoing potential development work, beyond this first assignment, will last several months. 
 There is plenty of work to do - we look to establish a nourishing relationship with longevity where you feel valued and there is mutual trust; our intention is not to just have a “one gig” type of work. 
•    Work will be carried out remotely. You should be available to chat on progress and answer any questions Mondays and/or Wednesdays and/or Fridays from 10 am to 2 pm est (these are the core hours). 
 •    It is your responsibility to ensure that you have a highly reliable and rapid internet connection as well as a machine to ensure you are reachable on core hours, that you can take video calls, and in essence to ensure that you can collaborate and work as part of the team. 
 Our values and your personality – We take this part very seriously, so you should not apply if the below does not resonate with you: 
•    Quality: We provide unsurpassed service that, together, deliver premium value to our customers. 
•    Integrity: We uphold the highest standards of integrity in all our actions. 
•    Teamwork: We work together, across boundaries, to meet the needs of our customers, and to help our Company win. 
 •    Respect for People: We value our people, encourage their development, and reward their performance. 
•    A Will to Win: We exhibit a strong will to win in the marketplace and every aspect of our business. 
•    Personal Accountability: We are personally accountable for delivering on our commitments. 
 •    Trust, Sincerity & Respect: best relationships are based on mutual trust and respect. We are feedback seekers and givers as this unleash the utmost quality to our customers. 
•    Relentless Humility: We do not like drama. 
 We believe in Good Karma. 
 If you are looking to work in a large corporation and your sole motivator is short-term financial compensation or if working in a place with an unhealthy and toxic culture is something you do not mind, you should not apply. If all this sounds like the place you would like to join, you should apply! 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Images for social networks 
 What do you need?  : Find free-to-use images 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  L. Z. Last reply: 3 days ago  United States 
 USD 50 - 100 
 5 days ago 
 Trucking and logistics 
 Published: 5 days ago  Bids: 8 
 Landing page for trucking company based in Miami, Florida. I need a page with a contact us tab, Products with description, prices, and pictures. 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : Landing Page 
 What do you need?  : Create a landing page from scratch 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  S. D. A. Last reply: 5 days ago  United States 
 Less than USD 50 
 Previous 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 4 
 5 
 … 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
