Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 District Support Pharmacist 
 Rexall Pharmacy Group Ltd 
 __Owen Sound, ON 
 Apply Now 
 What Is the Prescription For A Great Career? 
 At Rexall, we are community difference makers. Our hearts skip a beat when we meet talent who sees the bigger picture and wants to make an impact in our communities, our teams, and our business. This means finding even better ways to work, share ideas, and making a material difference in the Rexall journey. 
 We are leaders in health and wellness and a talent destination for over 7000+ Rexall team members. We are proud to be part of the McKesson family, ranked fifth in the fortune 500. Together, we are defining better health through innovation, service, and living the “ICARE” values. Talk about a dream team! 
 The road ahead is one of adventure and heart. Are you our next all star? 
 The Role:  District Support Pharmacist 
 In this role, you will support the district/Pharmacy Manager in executing store level corporate and operational Rx policies and procedures in regards to budgets, store operations, loss prevention, prescription dispensing and the provision of patient focused services. Dedicated focus on customer needs in order to deliver quality customer service. 
 You can expect to support a geographic area spanning Owen Sound, Chesley, Meaford and the surrounding area. 
 Principal Responsibilities: 
 
 Accurately and timely dispense all prescriptions. 
 Accurately and timely claim submission and/or registration of all patient focused services performed. 
 Consult with patients to maximize Rx and OTC sales. 
 Perform patient focused services as deemed eligible and appropriate for the patients 
 Administer injections/immunizations as requested in order to maximize patient care 
 Report any dispensing errors (Medication Incident) found to the Pharmacy Manager or reported to the Pharmacy Manager and head office within 24 hours. 
 Provide professional advice and applicable dialogue with patients on prescription and OTC products to provide excellent customer service and maximize customer loyalty. 
 Implement proper pricing and receiving procedures to minimize shrinkage in such areas as damaged goods, returns, internal and external theft. 
 Ensure compliance to company policies and procedures, professional standards and applicable laws and regulations 
 Responsible for supervising ongoing follow-up and collection of third party receivables. 
 Maintaining the dispensary inventory level within the prescribed guidelines through accurate perpetual inventory records. 
 Supervising Pharmacy Technicians to ensure completion and/or accuracy of: 
 Ordering replenishment merchandise 
 Checking off all incoming pharmaceutical orders Ticketing current cost process and maintaining perpetual inventory on this merchandise 
 The daily operation, security and upkeep of the dispensary computer, including daily and weekly data backup. 
 Maintenance of complete and accurate documentation as required by the various Colleges of Pharmacy, drugs plans (both public & private) as well as all Rexall programs and SOP’s 
 Perform other duties as assigned to support Rexall Pharmacy Group Ltd. 
 
 Required Skills: 
 
 Valid Provincial Pharmacy license. 
 Excellent communication and organizational skills. 
 Strong customer/patient satisfaction orientation 
 Ability to achieve results with a strong sense of urgency and a “can-do” attitude 
 Ability to maintain the optimum balance between the profession of pharmacy and business of pharmacy 
 Strong problem solving and analytical skills 
 Ability to work productively as a member of a dynamic and fast-paced team 
 Ability to travel (within a designated region) 
 
 The Rexall DNA: 
 
 Ready to make an impact  - You are mission-driven and want to make a difference 
 Builds consensus  - Your people-first mindset shows in all that you do 
 Embraces change  - You move fast and change excites you 
 Drives achievement  - You are wired to always exceed your personal best 
 Overcomes adversity  - You see the world as glass half full and embrace a good challenge 
 Trail blazer  - You love creating the path forward and being able to shape the future 
 Fun  - You think laughter is the best medicine and your positive energy is contagious 
 
 Side effects may include… 
 
 A closely connected culture 
 Competitive compensation, pension, benefits, personal days, employee discounts, and vacation time 
 Fully utilizing your talent 
 Professional growth and development via challenging projects and assignments 
 Warm and fuzzy feelings knowing you have helped your community, your team, the business and social causes through the Rexall Foundation 
 
 Are you   ? #ALLin? 
 Rexall Pharmacy Group Ltd. is committed to providing an accessible environment for all of our customers, employees, and job applicants. Rexall Pharmacy Group Ltd. will make available to any selected applicants accommodations and/or accessible formats should he/she require. Candidates are encouraged to discuss any accommodation he/she may need in order to allow for the most effective selection process. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Licence: 
 
 Pharmacy (Required) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
