[ 
 Jobs etc in Kenya 
 ](https://opportunities254.wordpress.com/ "Jobs etc in Kenya") 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Submit more opportunities 
 
 Job: Communications coordinator, Sentinel Project 
 Reporting to the executive director, the communications coordinator will oversee the Sentinel Project’s social media platforms, website updates, newsletters, blog posts, and media outreach.  LINK 
 As a small organization, the Sentinel Project has spent its first decade building programs in Kenya, Myanmar, the Democratic Republic of the Congo, Uganda, and South Sudan. During that time, communications work has largely been the responsibility of volunteers or team members who have other primary responsibilities. The Sentinel Project is now working to expand both its activities and geographical coverage, which means that it needs a committed communications coordinator to actively work on outreach and provide a sustained voice for the organization. 
 The communications coordinator position will require a total of approximately ten hours per week for content creation, social media engagement, and collaboration with other members of the Sentinel Project team. This is a contract position. 
 Responsibilities 
 
 Coordinate communications strategy with members of the Sentinel Project team 
 Create and manage a real-time, collaborative editorial calendar 
 Write social media posts, blog posts, press releases, and other content for the Sentinel Project website and social media channels 
 Create and send a monthly newsletter to the organization’s existing subscriber base, which will involve drafting some content as well as editing content from contributors across the organization 
 Regularly engage the organization’s audience and community, particularly on social media, and track impact 
 Manage occasional media outreach efforts and pitch story ideas to reporters when appropriate 
 
 Requirements 
 
 Caring about helping people in conflict areas to defuse conflicts and prevent violence 
 Strong written communication skills, as demonstrated in your cover letter and links to samples of past work 
 Experience with creating and editing content in WordPress, Mailchimp, and other online publishing platforms 
 Comfort with using Google Apps, especially Google Drive / Docs, for online collaboration with a largely virtual team 
 Proficiency at using social media platforms in a professional capacity to engage and sustain an audience, preferably to include experience with social media analytics 
 Ability to manage workflows using databases, spreadsheets, task management tools, and other similar technologies 
 2+ years of supporting communications efforts in either the for-profit or non-profit sector 
 Experience working with non-profit organizations, especially in a fundraising capacity, is appreciated but not required 
 
 About us 
 Formed in 2008, the Sentinel Project is a small, global, non-profit organization dedicated to assisting communities threatened by mass atrocities through direct cooperation with the people in harm’s way and the innovative use of technology. Our team focuses on initiatives such as building networks to stop the spread of harmful misinformation that contributes to conflict and to warn people about violence if it does happen. We are a diverse group of people who are passionate about human rights and the ways that communications technology can improve lives. If you join our team, you will be part of an emerging approach to atrocity prevention and peacebuilding and will contribute to a meaningful cause within a rapidly growing organization. 
 The Sentinel Project is grateful to all applicants for their interest in our organization, though if you don’t hear from us within 30 days of applying you can assume that this position has been filled. Although only those applicants who are selected for an interview will be contacted, if you don’t hear from us right away we may still be keeping you in mind for future opportunities with our team. Our needs change constantly. 
 To apply 
 Please contact us at  joinus@thesentinelproject.org  with the following: 
 
 An updated resume or LinkedIn URL 
 A cover letter explaining how your background and expertise will ensure that you will excel in this role (include hourly wage expectations) 
 Links to articles, blog posts, social media posts, and other written materials that you’ve authored 
 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 __[ 1 August 2020  type:   Job   Sentinel Project 
 Post navigation 
 __Digital rights course competition - Advocacy Assembly   Advocacy Accelerator going virtual __  Search 
 Get Updates by Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog. You will receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 What are you looking for? 
 
 Academic 
 Employment resource 
 Event 
 Fellowship or Scholarship 
 Grant 
 Job 
 Journalism 
 Ongoing/Recurring 
 Prize or Award 
 Professional development 
 Resource 
 Training 
 Volunteer 
 Workshop 
 Writing opportunities 
 
 Employers & Organisations 
 accountability counsel   accountability lab   AIJC   amani   Andela   bbc   biea   british council   british institute of east africa   chezo   civicus   climate tracker   code for africa   creative   decoalonize   defenddefenders   development initiatives   digital divide data   docubox   engine room   evidence action   fahamu   folt   friends of lake turkana   georgetown   givedirectly   gui2de   hacks hackers   HBS   Heinrich Böll Stiftung   hekima   hipsir   hivisasa   hivos   IBP   ICFJ   icnc   ihub   impactafrica   international budget partnership   internews   kamakazi   Katiba Institute   kenya jobs center   kenya open data   lightbox   mama cash   Michael Elliott Family   mit   mobisol   Namati   natural justice   ONE   open capital   open society foundation   pawa254   pollination   rift valley forum   rift valley institute   rvi   samasource   socent   solstice mobile   storylab academy   ti-kenya   transparency international   uliza   UN   unep   usap   wash   wash united   wits journalism   wwf   yum 
 Recent Opportunities 
 
 COVID-19 Emergency Fund for Journalists - National Geographic  13 October 2020 
 Call for submissions to new magazine Insurrectionist  13 October 2020 
 African Investigative Journalism Conference (AIJC2020)  5 October 2020 
 Funding for story concepts, OSIEA, deadline 14 August  8 August 2020 
 Microgrants - Baraza Media Lab  8 August 2020 
 Advocacy Accelerator going virtual  3 August 2020 
 Job: Communications coordinator, Sentinel Project  1 August 2020 
 Digital rights course competition - Advocacy Assembly  31 July 2020 
 Youth accelerator program: Covid response transparency & accountability  26 July 2020 
 Jobs with Mr Green Africa  24 July 2020 
 Jobs at Penda Health  23 July 2020 
 Tech training for young women: Kisumu, Lamu, Nakuru, Nairobi, Mombasa, Kilifi (deadline 27 July)  23 July 2020 
 Job: Partnerships Specialist, UNOPS  17 May 2020 
 Research scholarship, Lionel Cliffe Memorial, for African activists or scholars  28 February 2020 
 Jobs: Communications Lead, others, Coalition for Human Rights in Development (CHRD)  19 February 2020 
 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
 Tuition scholarships for students admitted to African Leadership University, Kigali 
 
 Website Built with WordPress.com .  Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy   %d bloggers like this: 
