Skip to content 
 
 
 Primary Menu 
 
 Home 
 Fiction 
 Review(ish): Books, Comics, etc. 
 Review(ish): Anime, Movies, TV 
 Music Miscellany 
 About 
 
   
 Tag: career bullshit 
 Breaking News: I'm Moving to Antarctica 
 Breaking News Update: I'm full of shit and am not actually moving to Antarctica. 
 Maybe. 
 Dudes. So. The first half of my day was slow as fuck, so I made myself busy by slinging my resume at just about anything that would take it. Okay, that's not exactly true. I've gotten pretty picky. Ish. 
 Today a few interesting things happened. Well, they were interesting to me. 
 
 One of the jobs I applied to - in the Greater Portland Area - got an instant nibble. The pay isn't fantastic, but it's good enough for me, for now. It's comes fairly close to doubling what I'm making now (which is a below-market wage for what I do). So that's pretty sweet, because I already know I can pay my bills on half that. Within minutes, homedude emailed me thanking me for my application, saying he was "impressed by [my] resume," etc. He asked me a couple of questions, and I think I significantly erred with this one. You see, one of the questions was, "When are you planning to relocated to this area?" And I said, "August 1" (a date which is highly optimistic and contingent upon a very…very good opportunity). The fleshed out response included needing time to give my formal notice (though my current employer does know it's coming soon), as well as needing time to actually get up there. I think that was a mistake. I think I should have said something a bit more hedgey. I like to be forthright, but there's nothing wrong with hedging your bets a bit and letting the person know that "August 1" isn't ironclad. I could be persuaded to move sooner. If I don't hear from him in the next couple days, I'm planning to write to him again as a followup. 
 Next up - I applied for a gig in Antarctica. I shit you not, dudes. It's some government gig, doing some research that you don't get to know about unless you receive clearance and are accepted as a member of the team. I specifically applied to a human resources / research assistant position. It's a year-long contract, and if you're accepted you have to go through special psychological training in order to live in the extreme and isolated environment. Sounds fucking awesome. What an adventure, right? I could meet The Thing! Aliens! X-Files! The truth is out there! Dudes. I'll never get it, because I'm a total long-shot. But I figured what the fuck and threw my resume at it, anyway. They wrote and asked me a couple questions, which I answered pretty much the same as the one I wrote about above. 
 Dudes. This one is fucking ridiculous. Right toward the end of the day, I receive an email from the top HR homie at corporate. Straight out offering me a job. Turns out he saw my resume on our intranet (it's there, because I'm applying to other jobs with our company at locations in the PNW…which my intranet profile clearly states). Straight up offers me a job. Asks me to RELOCATE to this city for …. wait for it …. oh fuck it. For an ENTRY LEVEL accounting gig. That would have been fanfuckingtastic fifteen years ago. But this dude tells me he has an "excellent offer at our ______ office for this ______ position." It's entry-level, and he can see in our org chart that I'm beyond that now. He can also see in our org chart that I'm already here! And )(! &# $&)OIFJIOFJOI* I don't know why, but that one really pissed me off. I think because when I first received the email, I thought it was gonna be in reference to one of the two I have my resume out on in the Portland/Vancouver area. No dice. Hmph. 
 
 Tomorrow, I will continue my quest. I'm not giving up on this. I'm not giving up on landing a gig with my company, either. That would be preferable, if the money and position were right. It's beginning to look like I can get a higher paying gig with a better title at a different company. So long as I'm working in Corporate America, that's the direction I need to go in to secure my future of selling all my shit and financing an adventure lifestyle. Fuckyeah. 
 ~ 
 I wasn't gonna talk only about work. I had other stuff in mind, but it eludes me now. I have sleepy brain (YAYYYYY for sleepy!), and for some odd reason, I'm thinking about Japan. Specifically the Jigokudani Monkey Park…and the Shimanami Kaido. Yeah. Goodnight fuckers! I mean, friends! Friendly fuckers! 
 Look at those fuckers. Little snow monkeys chillin' in a hot tub. That's what's up. 
 Posted on  June 27, 2016  by  stephellaneous Posted in  Personal ,  Work Shit Tagged  adulting ,  adulting sucks ,  Antarctica ,  career bullshit ,  Jigokudani Monkey Park ,  job search ,  Personal ,  Shimanami Kaido ,  snow monkeys ,  The Thing ,  work ,  X-Files .  21 Comments 
 The Latest 
 
 Parking Lot People 
 Sal 
 Part 3: The part where I say, "I can't do this." 
 Part 2: The Beginning 
 Part 1: The Reason 
 
 FAVA FAVES 
 
 Stephellaneous Beginnings 
 C is for Cookie, but M is for Mottos. Which is what this post is about. Not cookies. Now I want cookies. Thanks Obama. 
 A Stephellaneous Vocabulary (AKA Stephanie Makes Up Filthy Cursewords for Funsies) 
 On Diaries and Invasion of Privacy (AKA Young Love, One Yummy Motherfucker and Blogging) 
 Sharing the Lovejuice 
 The Shrinkening Commences 
 Thwarted by McBitches and McOldfucks 
 Heavy In Your Arms 
 The Selfish Blog Post 
 The One Where I Feel Like Crap on a Cracker and Don't Know What to Write so I Ramble about Sad-Sack Shit 
 
 Categories Schmategories 
 Anime   Books   Catharsis   Family   Fiction   Film   Fuck Society   Gardening   Geeky   Health   Hope   Listen   love   Meet & Greet   Memories   Mental Health   Music   Musings   Nature   Personal   Poetry   Quotes   Rants   Read   Reblogs   Reviews   Self-Help   The Veggie Patch   Watch   Work Shit 
 A Friendly Word 
 
 
 
 
 Stupidity Hole  on  Pom Poko: Review(ish) of a Fuc… 
 
 
 
 
 
 stupidityhole  on  Parking Lot People 
 
 
 
 stephellaneous  on  Parking Lot People 
 
 
 
 stephellaneous  on  Parking Lot People 
 
 
 
 stupidityhole  on  Parking Lot People 
 
 
 
 stephellaneous  on  Parking Lot People 
 
 
 
 stupidityhole  on  Parking Lot People 
 
 
 
 stephellaneous  on  Parking Lot People 
 
 
 
 stupidityhole  on  Parking Lot People 
 
 
 
 stephellaneous  on  Parking Lot People 
 
 
 
 Eenie Meenie 
 Search for: 
 Twitter Me This 
 My Tweets 
 Stephellanemail 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 686 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Follow on WordPress.com 
 Blog Stats 
 
 28,866 hits 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
