
 
 Youtube 
 
 
 LinkedIn 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 Employee 2020 W2 
 
 
 Employee Portal 
 
 
 Locations 
 
 
 
 
 About 
 Employers 
 Employees 
 Get an Interview 
 Job Board 
 Coronavirus 2020 
 Blog 
 Apply Now 
 Menu  Menu 
 
 Posts 
 
 5 Answers You Can Prepare Before Walking Into an Interview   
 Job Search 
 You can’t know exactly what to expect when you go into a job interview. Each company will take a different approach and you’ll be in varying environments. While you can’t be sure of every specific, there are a few questions you can prepare for in advance. Here are  five answers to prepare before you get asked during an interview . 
 “Tell me about yourself” 
 Despite knowing yourself, this question might suddenly make you feel like an empty shell if you aren’t properly prepared. This is the broadest version of the question, so it’s important to note the employer usually wants to know about your career and the relevant skills you bring based on your experience to this role. Practice explaining your career before each interview, tailoring it to the specific position. If you’re caught off guard, you may talk too much about personal interests and hobbies, instead of what’s relevant to the job. 
 “What is your biggest strength/weakness?” 
 It’s common to be told you should turn your weakness into a strength, but there’s a better way to play the question. When discussing your strengths, tie them directly into the position and how they’ll help you do a great job. 
 Switching to weakness, you want to use something they would absolutely not affect your work at this company. Be clear in explaining so your interviewer doesn’t spend his or her time imagining the worst-case scenario. It’s important to be honest with both these questions, but you don’t need to rattle off every weakness that might impede you doing your job. 
 “Why did you/why are you leaving your last job?” 
 This is an answer you need to have nailed down. If it wasn’t under the best conditions, you want to explain it well, without going into too much detail. It’s important to showcase the shifts in your career and why you think this is the next right step, based on previous positions. 
 “What do you know about this company?” 
 Being asked this is both a question and an invitation. The interviewer wants to see how much research you’ve put in prior to the interview, but also what you do with it. Apply what you know about the company to your own interests to help you show why you’re so passionate about the position. 
 “What questions do you have?” 
 Even if the interviewer did a fantastic job of answering any questions you might’ve had, you need to make sure you come in with other options, just in case. The more prepared you are, the more it can show the company you’re interested. 
 Take the Next Step 
 If you’re ready to be bold and empower yourself for a better tomorrow,  apply to Workbox Staffing today . We connect the best employees to top employers for work in light industrial, warehouse operations, manufacturing and clerical settings. 
 December 3, 2018/by  Workbox Staffing 
 https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/workbox-staffing-logo-color.png 0 0 Workbox Staffing https://www.workboxstaffing.com/wp-content/uploads/2020/01/workbox-staffing-logo-color.png Workbox Staffing2018-12-03 12:54:032019-05-21 14:23:165 Answers You Can Prepare Before Walking Into an Interview 
 Locations   Employee Portal   Job Board   Subscribe 
 Locations   Employee Portal   Job Board   Subscribe 
 © 2020 Workbox Staffing. All rights reserved. - Equal Opportunity Employer - ASA Member  Site by CurlyHost. 
 Scroll to top 
