For full functionality of this site it is necessary to enable JavaScript. Here are the   instructions how to enable JavaScript in your web browser.  
 Skip to main content 
 
 __Become a member 
 __Sign in 
 __Contact us 
 
   
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 News 
 
 
 Sectors 
 
 Coal 
 Mining 
 Handling 
 Exploration & development 
 Power 
 CBM 
 Special reports 
 Product news 
 
 
 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Events 
 
 
 White papers 
 
 
 Directory 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 Become a member  
 
 
 
 Home 
 Coal 
 13 August 2018 
 Poland to protect coal jobs 
 
 Poland to protect coal jobs 
 Published by  Stephanie Roker , Editor 
 World Coal , Monday, 13 August 2018 09:34 
 
 Advertisement 
 At a climate conference in Katowice (Poland) on 9 August, Polish trade union leaders and government officials expressed that nations should protect industrial jobs, as well as be awarded the freedom to choose individual approaches to reduce greenhouse gas emissions. 
 To read the full article 
 "Poland to protect coal jobs" 
 Please sign in or become a member for FREE 
 Sign in »   Become a member » 
Get started absolutely FREE in 2 minutes, plus receive a free printed magazine. 
 Conference participants noted that developing economies should not be required to cut jobs. 
 Grzegorz Tobiszowski, Deputy Energy Minister, stated: "Those member countries in Europe that have a chance for a modern development and for modern industry, they should get support, on the condition it really is modern industry that will preserve the region's jobs." 
 Poland has cut more than 300 000 coal mining jobs since 1990 - it currently totals at approximately 83 000. Additionally, the country has reduced its coal extraction, from 147 million t to around 65 million t. Yet, the coal industry is still a major employer for Poland. As such, consecutive governments have sworn it will be protected, while making it cleaner and more environmentally friendly. 
 Reportedly, a spokesperson for OPZZ noted: "We do agree that if the planet is dead, the discussion about decent work and international labour standards will be pointless. At the same time, given that the Polish economy is largely dependent on coal, the shift towards the 'green economy' will have monumental consequences for the citizens, employees and their families, including at existential level. Polish employees need to receive firm assurances that any changes in that area will not impact negatively on their employment and overall standard of life." 
 The meeting is aimed at influencing the UN climate summit COP24, which will take place in Katowice in December. 
 Read the article online at: https://www.worldcoal.com/coal/13082018/poland-to-protect-coal-jobs/ 
 You might also like 
 
 [WEBINAR] Essential rules of adopting AI in Mining and Metals 
 Join us for a webinar with OSIsoft to learn a simple definition of AI and the benefits of adopting it into your operations, the anatomy of a successful AI project and real-world examples and success stories.  Register for free today » 
   
  Fact.MR: Demand for coal handling systems to remain high  
 Wednesday 20 January 2021 12:10 
 A new report from Fact.MR forecasts that demand for coal handling systems are to remain high from thermal power plants through 2030. 
 
 __Embed 
 __Sources 
 
 Embed article link:  (copy the HTML code below): 
 Poland to protect coal jobs 
 
 World Coal is not responsible for the content of external internet sites. 
 
 Climate Home __ 
 EURACTIV __ 
 ABC News __ 
 
 
 Advertisement 
 Advertisement 
 ×Close 
 This content is available to members only. Please  sign in  or  become a member  for free. 
 
 Member benefits 
 
 __Access to locked online articles 
 __Save articles to your read list 
 __Downloadable white papers 
 __Full website membership 
 
 Become a member » 
Get started absolutely FREE in 2 minutes, no credit card required. 
 
 Already a member?  Sign in  here 
 News 
 
 Coal 
 Mining 
 Handling 
 Exploration & development 
 Power 
 CBM 
 Special reports 
 Product news 
 
 Quick links 
 
 Home 
 Magazine 
 News 
 Events 
 White Papers 
 Directory 
 Become a member 
 Sign in 
 
 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Advertise with us 
 
 
 Our team 
 
 
 Privacy policy 
 
 
 Terms & conditions 
 
 
 Security 
 
 
 Website cookies 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Dry Bulk 
 
 
 Energy Global 
 
 
 Global Mining Review 
 
 
 Hydrocarbon Engineering 
 
 
 LNG Industry 
 
 
 Oilfield Technology 
 
 
 Tanks and Terminals 
 
 
 World Cement 
 
 
 World Coal 
 
 
 World Fertilizer 
 
 
 World Pipelines 
 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 Palladian Publications Ltd. All rights reserved | Tel: +44 (0)1252 718 999 | Email:  enquiries@worldcoal.com 
