Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Passenger Service Agent 
 Airport Terminal Services 
 __Dorval, QC 
 Apply Now 
 Passenger Service Agent - (19300660) 
Description 
 Does the idea of meeting people from around the world excite you? 
 Are you a detail-oriented problem solver who focuses on providing outstanding customer service? 
 Then let your career take off with ATS as a Passenger Service Agent! 
 Ideal candidates have at least one year of face-to-face customer service experience in aviation, retail, hotels, or healthcare. 
 ATS provides paid on the job training, advancement opportunities, and safety incentive bonuses. 
 As an ATS Passenger Service Agent you will: 
Check in passengers and their luggage at the ticket counter and gates. 
Patiently handle customer concerns and complaints regarding ticketing and baggage handling 
Knowledgeably answer inquiries regarding flight schedules, fares and other questions as they arise 
Make announcements at gate or over general PA system regarding flight activity 
Be responsible for all flight movement messages between the gate, ground handling team, flight crew, and airport vendors 
 To be an ATS Passenger Service Agent you must: 
Demonstrate strong communication skills to interact professionally with passengers, team members, and station leadership 
Have proficient computer skills 
Be at least 18 years of age and possess a High school diploma, GED or work experience equivalent 
Possess a valid driver’s license with a clean driving record (only required for some airports) 
Be able to pass a drug screen and obtain airport security clearance which includes an extensive 10-year employment, criminal record and residence background check 
 As an ATS Passenger Service Agent you must be able to: 
Lift up to 70 pounds (32 kg) on a regular basis 
Stand, lift, bend, push and pull on a frequent basis and for extended periods 
Work around jet and machinery noises 
Airport Terminal Services (ATS) is an international ground handler that supports the airline industry. We are committed to delivering the aviation community quality services by maintaining the highest level of safety and supplying efficient, effective staff. 
 Airlines are 24/7 so we need our ATS Passenger Service Agents to be flexible to work various shifts including nights, weekends and holidays. The successful ATS agent brings their “A” game every day with energy and enthusiasm, respect for their team, and the highest regard for safety! 
 ATS employees should apply through Oracle 
M/F Disabled and Vet Equal Employment Employer 
 Primary Location:  CA-CA-Dorval 
 Work Locations:  YUL254 ATS - Montreal-Pierre Elliott Trudeau Intl Airport Dorval H4Y 1G2 
 Job:  Customer Service 
 Organization:  ATS CA 
 Schedule:  Part-time 
 Shift:  Variable 
 Employee Status:  Regular 
 Job Type:  Standard 
 Travel:  Yes, 10 % of the Time 
 Job Posting:  Sep 23, 2019, 7:51:01 PM 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
