Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Medical Lab Technologist (Hematology) 
 LifeLabs 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Improve lives. Love your job. Grow your career. 
At LifeLabs, we are focused on our vision of building a healthier Canada! We are the largest community diagnostics laboratory in Canada with over 350 collection centres, 16 laboratories and service over 20 million patients each year. 
 We believe we can build a healthier Canada through the power of technology. As a Medical Lab Technologist with LifeLabs you will have the opportunity to work with state of the art technology, and be part of a community/team that is supportive and collaborative. 
 Caring, Agile, Customer Driven, One Team - We live our values every day in what we do to help our patients and healthcare providers. With over 5,700 employees, we all make a difference and that’s why our people are so important to us. 
 LifeLabs Medical Laboratory Services is seeking a full time Medical Lab Technologist to join our Hematology team in Victoria, British Columbia 
 Our Medical Lab Technologists provide accurate and timely interpretive and diagnostic specimen testing and reporting. Through accuracy, quality, efficiency and expediting test results, you will contribute to patient well-being and the achievement of better health outcomes. This is a great role for a hands-on, detail-oriented individual who thrives in a fast-paced, collaborative environment. 
 This is a full time position, with variable hours and days and located at 4464 Markham Street, Victoria. 
 Your responsibilities will include: 
Conducting a wide range of diagnostic and interpretive specimen testing in Hematology 
Performing, interpreting and releasing results, while ensuring the confidentiality of patient information. 
Identifying incidents and non-conformities, participating in the development of effective corrective action plans, escalating as appropriate and driving continuous improvement. 
Assisting with the evaluation and implementation of new technology. 
Participating in problem solving in work organization and workflow. 
 This is a full time role with flexible shift work suitable to the maintenance of a healthy work/life balance. LifeLabs’ facilities are also known as “teaching laboratories,” offering opportunities to share knowledge in a collaborative environment, 24-hour medical support through our Medical Science team and Medical library, and the ability to teach our college and university student placements. 
 Are You a Good Fit? 
 LifeLabs is seeking a Registered Technologist with CSMLS who can work collaboratively in a fast-paced team environment, while adhering to LifeLabs’ standards of safety, accuracy and efficiency. Do you have: 
College diploma or University degree in Medical Laboratory Science, or equivalent education and/or experience. 
Excellent communication skills to enable you to relate with a wide variety of people. 
Good computer skills and knowledge. 
Problem solving skills, including the ability to identify and follow-up on issues. 
Ability to maintain the strictest standards of safety, patient privacy and confidentiality. 
 At LifeLabs, great employees are at the heart of everything we do. That’s why LifeLabs provides more than just competitive compensation and benefits – our employees receive coaching and training in an environment that fosters open communication, education opportunities with tuition reimbursement, and opportunities for advancement and changes in career direction. We especially encourage applications from new graduates and individuals looking to advance their careers. 
 Does this sound like the job for you? We’d love to discuss your qualifications. Apply online today! 
 As a caring and customer driven organization, LifeLabs is committed to providing inclusive, barrier free services and workplaces. We will accommodate the accessibility needs of individuals with disabilities during the recruitment process. Should you require accommodation, please advise the Recruiter who contacts you and we will work with you to meet your needs. 
About LifeLabs 
LifeLabs has operated in Canada for more than 50 years. It is a leading provider of laboratory testing and management services, contributing to the treatment and prevention of disease by enabling healthcare providers to operate more efficiently and effectively. LifeLabs provides more than 100 million diagnostic tests for approximately 19 million patients visits annually. Information from these tests plays a vital role in predicting, diagnosing, treating and monitoring disease. LifeLabs operates the largest community medical laboratory network in Canada, together with our hospital and healthcare partners. LifeLabs also partners with healthcare providers to build a healthier Canada by transforming and managing laboratory organizations to better meet the complex healthcare challenges of today and tomorrow. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
