  
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 Register 
 
 
 Sign in 
 
 
 Post a project 
 
 
 3D Rendering Freelance Jobs 
 Sign up, create your profile and send your proposals. As easy as that! 
 Sign up 
 [ 
 Looking for a  Freelance 3D Rendering Expert ? 
 ](https://www.workana.com/en/hire/3d-rendering) 
 2 weeks ago 
 3d professional Renders - High quality requiered 
 Published: 2 weeks ago  Bids: 29 
 Hi freelancers, 
We are looking for a professional 3d artist to join our team for an on-time project. 
Please note that we will only respond to those who post with their project's portfolio. 
Thank you for your time! 
Clément 
 Category  : Engineering & Manufacturing 
 Subcategory  : 3D modelling 
 What do you need?  : 3D modeling of a sketched object 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  C. G. Last reply: 2 weeks ago  Brazil 
 USD 500 - 1,000 
 Last month 
 3d human face designer freelancers who can create various animated ... 
 Published: Last month  Bids: 0 
 I already have a 3D human head model for Blender software. I can share this file but it doesn't have any blendshapes. So It requires you to create shape keys for facial expressions. 
 Responsibilities : 
1/ Rig at least 2 parts eyes & neck 
2/ Create animated face expressions with Shape keys as following as reference video 
Reference video URL :  https://youtu.be/Ab0aZVQlpZ4 
3/ Make render videos with animated face expressions as such reference videos. 
Reference video URL :  https://youtu.be/Ab0aZVQlpZ4 
 I want you to submit 2 results. 
- Raw file included Shape key and Key animation 
- 20 sec video which is animated facial expressions imitating actor's expressions from video I shared 
(url :https://youtu.b 
 e/Ab0aZVQlpZ4) 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : 3D Models 
 What do you need?  : 1 piece 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  J. E. Vietnam 
 USD 50 - 100 
 Last month 
 Professional portfolio 
 Published: Last month  Bids: 0 
 In this guide we aim to broadly cover all aspects of an architecture & Interior Design portfolios creation and presentation, discussing under the below chapters; what should and shouldn’t be included, design and layout techniques, formats, and methods of presentation. 
 Category  : Engineering & Manufacturing 
 Subcategory  : Interior Design 
 Project size  : 20 to 100 m² 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  M. H. Bangladesh 
 USD 50 - 100 
 Last month 
 3d lighting, shading and rendering in Maya/Arnold 
 Published: Last month  Deadline: 3 Bids: 4 
 Hello, I have modeled a baseball stadium but I need to do a good lighting, shaders and rendering. 
Many objects are already textured, others need to be textured with designs that I will provide, for the lighting maybe you can use a physical sky for the exteriors and finally I will need the maya project to be able to render it on my own. 
I have attached a pdf of a quick montage that I did in photoshop of how it should look, obviously with better lighting and render. 
 I will provide all the Maya project. 
My budged for this project is $45. 
 Regards, 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : 3D Models 
 What do you need?  : 1 piece 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  H. C. Ecuador Payment method:  __Verified 
 Less than USD 50 
 Last month 
 3d gloved hand and animated layers. 
 Published: Last month  Bids: 3 
 Hi, I need 3 things: 
1. 3D gloved hand 
2. A "zoom-in" in 3D 
3. 
A 3D animation video 
 Please refer to the attached files and link:  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HsDEXcnX1pI 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : 3D Models 
 What do you need?  : 2 to 6 pieces 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  L. W. Last reply: Last month  Malaysia 
 USD 100 - 250 
 2 months ago 
 3d Content Quality Assurance - Ongoing 
 Published: 2 months ago  Bids: 1 
 We are looking for a person or a team to quality check 3D content made for us. 
 You would be required to point out and clearly provide feedback on what needs to be changed on 3D content to bring it within expectations from reference photos. 
 You will need an ARKit and ARCore mobile device. 
 It would be about 3hrs per day for 6 weeks. 
 To receive the full brief, you will need to confirm you have the necessary devices and also provide a portfolio showing your attention to detail. 
 Category  : Design & Multimedia 
 Subcategory  : 3D Models 
 What do you need?  : More than 6 pieces 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  A. S. Australia 
 USD 50 - 100 
 3 months ago 
 Automate rendering of uniform 3d objects and create 100+ renders 
 Published: 3 months ago  Bids: 3 
 I need several hundred pairs of renders of simple uniform 3D objects in daylight and artificial light. For example, a render of a tomato in daylight and a render of the same tomato (same white empty background, same angle), but with artificial lighting. Then the script should load another 3D model, e.g. 
A banana, and then make two two renders of it as well. Repeat 100+ times. 
 I understand the objects should be similar and have similar materials for this process to be possible. I assume we can use a ready-made pack of simple food-related 3D models that are sold on the web. I'll purchase the one that is needed, but I need guidance from you regarding the best pack to buy. 
 Please find attached a photo example of the end result - a tomato in day lighting and in artificial lighting. 
 Category  : IT & Programming 
 Subcategory  : Other 
 Project size  : Medium 
 Is this a project or a position?  : Project 
 I currently have  : I have specifications 
 Required availability  : As needed 
 Published by:  V. S. Last reply: 3 months ago  Russian Federation 
 USD 500 - 1,000 
 Next 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 
 Create profile 
 In order to send a message or place a bid on a project, you need to complete your profile. 
 Create profile  Cancel 
 Register as Freelancer 
 Start working right now 
 
 Hire a Freelancer 
 Get the best freelancers in just minutes 
   
 (C) 2012 - 2021 | Workana LLC - All rights reserved 
               
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Who are we? 
 
 
 About us 
 
 
 Join the Workana team 
 
 
 Contact us 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Glossary 
 
 
 Workana Policies 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 Terms of Service 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 Resources 
 
 
 Help Center 
 
 
 How it works 
 
 
 How hourly projects works 
 
 
 Membership Plans 
 
 
 Press 
 
 
 Workana Time Report 
 
 
 Sitemap 
 
 
 Find work 
 
 
 IT & Programming 
 
 
 Design & Multimedia 
 
 
 Writing & Translation 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 
 Admin Support 
 
 
 Legal 
 
 
 Finance & Management 
 
 
 Engineering & Manufacturing 
 
 
 Freelancers 
 
 
 Freelancers Malaysia 
 
 
 Freelancers Singapore 
 
 
 Freelancers Hong Kong 
 
 
 Freelancers Indonesia 
 
 
 Freelancers Philippines 
 
 
 International partners 
 
 
 Bdjobs (Bangladesh) 
 
 
 Catho (Brazil) 
 
 
 Jobberman (West Africa) 
 
 
 jobsDB (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 JobStreet (S.E. Asia) 
 
 
 Jora (Worldwide) 
 
 
 Manager (Brazil) 
 
 
 OCC Mundial (Mexico) 
 
 
 SEEK (Australia) 
 
 
 Zhaopin (China) 
 
 
 Jora (Argentina) 
 
 
 Jora (Brazil) 
 
 
  View more  
 
 
  View less  
 
 
 You are leaving Workana 
 The previous page is sending you to 
 Are you sure you want to continue? 
 IMPORTANT:  Remember not to share personal data or passwords with third parties. 
 Continue 
 Return to Workana 
