  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Newcastle upon Tyne, England 
 Rate:  £10 - £10.55 per hour 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 Business Support Officer- Fostering team 
 Working in a reactive Business Support Team supporting a number of service areas across the council, Adult and Children's Social Care including Fostering. 
 We are looking for excellent communications skills, ability to work to statutory deadlines dealing with changing priorities, have excellent customer service skills with the ability to deal with challenging situations and challenging clients. 
 You should have excellent IT skills and be an experienced Microsoft Officer user. 
 Some of these roles involve taking notes or actions of meeting. 
 Candidates need to be able to deal sensitively and with empathy with challenging customers.. 
 In some cases this is completed live using a PC during the meeting. 
 Those meetings do contain sensitive discussions in relation to children and families. 
 These posts are normally based at Allendale Road or West Road, Newcastle, during current Coronavirus restrictions staff are either working from home or coming into the office on a rota basis. 
 1. Knowledge and competent use of Microsoft Office applications with the ability to create, manipulate and update spreadsheets and databases and excellent keyboard skills 
2. Good verbal and written communication skills. 
3. Good organisation and time management skills. 
4. Ability to work as part of a team and on own initiative. 
5. Excellent Customer Service Skills, with the ability to resolve complex enquiries 
6. Experience of dealing with sensitive and confidential information. 
7. Understand the need to identify and embed new business processes. 
8. Ability to support meetings including production of minutes and/or action points. 
 
 
 
 To take part in identifying and embedding business process improvements. 
2. 
 To deal with enquiries, including technical queries about the service in line 
with our procedures and protocols. 
3. 
 To collate and prepare management information as needed. 
4. 
 To work with nominated officers responsible for maintenance, repairs and 
security of designated buildings, giving administrative support as needed. 
5. 
 To give confidential administrative and secretarial support including arranging 
and servicing meetings, preparing agendas and taking minutes as needed. 
6. 
 To give interactive WP support to the allocated service using digital, audio or 
copy typing. 
7. 
 To contribute to skills transfer activities by the demonstration of duties to 
support business continuity and to continually improve our service. 
8. 
 To develop and maintain positive joint working relationships with relevant 
internal and external stakeholders. 
9. 
 To give a professional and courteous reception service as needed. 
10. 
 To account for, reconcile and make sure of the security of petty cash, stock 
and cash equivalents in line with our Financial Regulations. 
 If you are interested please call 01772 208964. 
 Thank you 
Dayna 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  3 months 
 
 
 Rate:  £10 - £10.55 per hour 
 
 
 Location:  Newcastle upon Tyne, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Secreterial 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208 964 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-11-23 23:40:01 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse  
 Mental Health Nurse 
 Registered Nurse - Prison 
 Property Manager 
 Facilities Manager 
 Occupational Therapist 
 Surveyor 
 Extra Care Scheme Manager 
 Band 7 Psychiatric Liaison Nurse 
 Highways Engineer 
 Highways Inspector 
 Highways Technician 
 Childrens Deputy Manager 
 New Owner Executive  
 Childrens Joint Commissioner, Lewisham 
 Business Support Officer 
 Repairs Administrator 
 Mobile Cleaner 
 Street Scene Operative 
 Senior Digital Forensic Specialist, Cell Site Analysis (Police) 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
