  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Halifax, West Yorkshire 
 Rate:  £19.50 per hour 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 Specialist Clinical Lead 
 An amazing job opportunity has arisen for a committed Specialist Clinical Lead to work with one of the UK's leading healthcare providers.  As a Specialist Clinical Lead you will be working for a highly reputed based in Halifax area. 
 This special care home is a newly refurbished, purpose-built nursing home for up to 26 older people. 
 They support people with physical needs who require assistance and care. 
 The homely and comfortable environment enables to provide person-centred care tailored to the needs of residents. 
 As a Specialist Clinical Lead your day to day duties include: 
 
 
     Ensure the delivery of quality care - continually assessing our residents' needs and wishes, developing the service to enhance their quality of life.
 
 
 
     Champion independence and personal choice - develop, review and update care plans to meet our clients changing physical, social and psychological needs.
 
 
 
     Build the positive reputation of the home and unit - liaise professionally with visitors, including family, friends and other external stakeholders.
 
 
 
     Ensure compliance with all legal, regulatory and best practice guidelines - risks are proactively managed and issues identified, investigated and resolved.
 
 
 
     Oversee all aspects of medicine management - ensuring medicines are appropriately received, stored and administered to our clients.
 
 
 
     Conduct care audits - monitor standards of care and take corrective action where appropriate.
 
 
 
     Promote high standards of nursing care for you and your team, actively seeking ways to improve levels of service.
 
 
 
     Take an active role in training for the team of nurses, working in conjunction with the training resources of the company to ensure that nursing staff are kept up to date with current practices and research led developments.
 
 
 
 An ideal Specialist Clinical Lead must have these skills as they are beneficial for this position: 
 
 
     RGN Qualified & NMC (Nursing & Midwifery Council) registered
 
 
 
     Caring & compassionate with an excellent clinical track record
 
 
 
     Passionate about delivering outstanding care to older people
 
 
 
     Excellent communication
 
 
 
     organisation and leadership skills
 
 
 
 **The successful Specialist Clinical Lead will receive an excellent salary of £19.50 per hour and the annual salary for this position is £39,039. 
 This exciting position is for 38.5 hours a week. 
 In return for your hard work and commitment you will receive the following generous benefits:** 
 
 
     25 days annual leave plus bank holidays (at commencement of employment)
 
 
 
     A group Personal Pension Plan (GPPP)
 
 
 
     Private Medical Insurance Scheme
 
 
 
     Life Assurance
 
 
 
     Free meals while on duty
 
 
 
     Care first - Employee Assistance Services
 
 
 
     Continuous learning and development
 
 
 
     Childcare vouchers
 
 
 
     Career development
 
 
 
     Personal health insurance
 
 
 
     An employee assistance programme
 
 
 
     Voluntary benefit
 
 
 
 To be considered for this position you must be qualified as an RGN with a current active NMC Pin 
 Reference ID: 3718 
 To apply for this fantastic job role, please call Peter Fit on 01216380567 or send your CV to contact@jupiterrecruitment.co.uk 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  Permanent 
 
 
 Rate:  £19.50 per hour 
 
 
 Location:  Halifax, West Yorkshire 
 
 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 
 Industry:  Medical 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Jupiter Recruitment 
 
 
 Contact:  Peter Fit 
 
 
 Tel:  0121 638 0567 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Reference:  3718 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-11-26 10:37:16 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Jupiter Recruitment  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Jupiter Recruitment 
 
 Registered General Nurse 
 Registered Mental Nurse 
 Registered Mental Nurse 
 Registered Mental Nurse or Registered Nurse for Learning Disabilities 
 Deputy Ward Manager 
 Registered Mental Nurse 
 Ward Manager 
 Registered Mental Nurse 
 Home Manager 
 Home Manager 
 Home Manager 
 Registered General Nurse 
 Registered General Nurse 
 Staff Nurse 
 Endoscopy Nurse Practitioner 
 Theatre Recovery/Anaesthetic/Scrub Nurse 
 Theatre Nurse/ODP - Scrub 
 Deputy Manager 
 Occupational Therapist 
 Psychologist 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
