Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Social Media Specialist 
 DOZR 
 __Kitchener, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Founded in 2015, DOZR is the world’s first intelligent comprehensive search for heavy equipment and the largest online equipment rental platform. DOZR leverages technology to empower contractors across North America to run their businesses more efficiently. 
 We love construction and technology – and we are looking for a passionate, coachable, entrepreneurial individual to join our team as a Social Media Specialist. Our team works hard and has fun in everything we do. We support each other and work together to achieve our goals (and celebrate our achievements of course!). Our office is conveniently located in the heart of downtown Kitchener. 
 As a member of the DOZR Marketing Team, the Social Media Specialist will have well-rounded knowledge of established and emerging social media platforms. The ideal candidate has experience in both paid and earned social media in planning, strategy and execution. You have a proven track record of high organic engagement and are experienced in managing targeted paid campaigns and providing strategic guidance on driving engagement and lead generation. This is an ideal opportunity for someone who excels in a fast-paced, goal-oriented, test-and-learn environment. 
 In a typical day you might: 
Manage posting, engagement and audience growth on various social media platforms including but not limited to Facebook, Instagram and LinkedIn. 
Manage a social media calendar and work closely with the Content Specialist to ensure timely release of owned content and relevant always-on engagement for real-time topics. 
Report on owned and earned performance including lead generation. 
Implement testing & optimization opportunities including A/B or multivariate testing on paid social campaigns for maximum click-through and conversions 
Create weekly reports, optimize data reporting & communicate results (including sales revenue generated from email marketing) with executives 
Collaborate with product, marketing and sales teams to identify opportunities to use social media creatively to support business goals. 
Be the always-on voice of the DOZR brand on social media, engaging with our customers, industry influencers and followers. 
 What we’re looking for: 
University degree in Marketing, Business, or a related field is required. 
1-3 years experience in social media marketing, with proven experience in managing social media channels in both paid and earned media, building social media calendars and creating engaging content. 
Understanding and experience with a variety of social media platforms including LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram, YouTube and Twitter. Experience with Business and Ads Manager preferred. 
SEO skills and knowledge considered an asset. 
Hands on experience with creating audiences, building a social following and developing social strategies. 
Ability to get your hands dirty with research, copywriting and creative strategies to build a strong, engaged social following. 
A growth mindset who’s constantly looking to improve and learn new things. 
Effective time management and organizational skills, with the ability to prioritize workload and manage multiple projects with competing deadlines. 
The ability to take an idea or concept, and give it substance and strategy. You love seeing an idea through to execution and tracking results. 
Ready to get started? 
 Please send a copy of your resume and cover letter to careers@dozr.com to apply today! 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
