
 Home 
 Welcome to the Abyss 
 
 [ 
 reviewsfromtheabyss 
 The Abyss encompasses everything. 
 ](https://reviewsfromtheabyss.wordpress.com/ "reviewsfromtheabyss") 
 Tag Archives: one last job 
  January 12, 2012  
 A Serbian Film: Those Serbs are Crazy 
 By  rosstheboss56 
 I have to say this right at the beginning as a disclaimer. If you are squeamish, if you find sexualized violence to be perverse and disturbing, or if you find horror in the 1st degree to be mortifying, this movie and this review are not for you. A Serbian film is the tale of an ex-porn star, Milos (Srdan Todorovic). A man of stamina and skill, Milos (pronounced Milosh) is down to no money and has a wife and child to feed. So what does this absurd bastard do? He decides to take one last job. A sort of "final bank job" if you will. What he doesn't know is what comes to destroy him. 
 When I first heard of this film, my roommate had just come back from England. His roommate there told him about this film and told me to check out the trailer. I can't post it on here due to graphic content, but I'll post the tamer version below: 
 Anyways, this trailer blew my mind. From the look and sound of what it was about, I figured it was real. This is classified as a "snuff film". That's not a joke. The scenes depicted in the film are designed to look as real as possible. And throw in the ridiculous amount of pornographic content and you have one of the most messed up films since Hostel. Wait, scratch that. Since… Ever. 
 Should I even delve into the mind of this film? Should I tell you this contains quite a few of the most absurd fetishes to grace humankind? Let me reiterate this. There is the issue of child rape in this movie. That alone should say this movie is not for the weak. This movie wasn't even for me. I consider myself a reasonable guy. I feel I can handle some of the images the world has to offer. But I have opened Pandora's box of horror. And this isn't all of it. There is an entire following of "snuff films" out there. This is just… one among many. 
 See? 
 A big thanks to ScuptingFragments for posting these videos on Youtube, opening me up to an entire genre of films I didn't realize existed. You can tell, even from the length (and there's a Part II to this video) that there is an unlimited amount of films out there about gore/torture/snuff. The names are ridiculous, the premises are absurd, but my eyes have been opened. 
 
 There are very few things I can show... 
 A Serbian Film is just the latest in a series of films that have been coming out for quite some time. Also identified as "torture porn", this film is meant to unsettle the mind… and the stomach. And, you'll hate me for this, but… It wasn't as gory/horrifying as I thought it would be. Despite the ridiculousness of Serbia and the ability for a repressed country to finally make this film shocks me. And yet at the same time, there are films out there that would curb the sex and go for the same amount of torture and violence. I feel, with American films, the pornographic aspect is shunned (but what the Hell? Americans love porn and the sexualization of women…) due to the uncomfortable feelings it brings. A sort of taboo, if you will. 
 And what surprises me the most is that this film wasn't trashed by reviewers or critics. Harry Knowles of Ain't it Cool News said, "This is a fantastic, brilliant film – that given time, will eventually outgrow the absurd reactions of people that think it is a far harder film than it actually is. The film is an incredibly great film, where everything feels correct in the context of the film. It is never exploitive." He even gave this film his Top 10 of 2010. Others said it was a movie with no substance. A film that defies you to find any deeper meaning. The director of the film, Srdan Spasojevic, said, ""As much as we try to deal with our life in this film allegorically, and with the corrupt political authorities that govern it, we are also dealing with today’s Art and Cinema and the corrupt artistic authorities that govern them in a similar manner here. The films that preach and enforce political correctness are the dominant form of cinematic expression today. Nowadays in Eastern Europe you cannot get a film financed unless you have a pathetic and 
 
 There are no words to describe the evil of this film. 
 heartwarming ‘true story’ to tell about some poor lost refugee girls with matchsticks, who ended up as victims of war, famine and/or intolerance. They mostly deal with VICTIMS as heroes, and they use and manipulate them in order to activate the viewer’s empathy. They make a false, romanticized story about that victim and sell it as real life. That is real pornography and manipulation, and also spiritual violence – the cinematic fascism of political correctness." Using the medium of realistic, pornographic violence, Spasojevic attempts to break the drabness of the former "Eastern Europe" in a way that will shock the world. I feel he achieved that. 
 Now I'm not gonna say whether or not I liked this film. It's a basic plot. The acting, as far as I could tell from the Serbian language, was decent. The scenes are disturbing and I couldn't comprehend how they made the sex look so real. But I commend them for going there. At the same time that I condemn them for exposing me to a horrid side of a world occupied by terrible human beings. It's like a car accident you can't look away from. Now, Rotten Tomatoes gave it a 4.9 out of 10. I'm not gonna judge and allow you to find out for yourselves, if you dare. All I'll say is… Newborn infant porn. 
 2 Comments    |  tags:  A Serbian Film ,  absurd fetishes ,  Ain't it Cool News ,  American films are tamer ,  basic plot ,  blew my mind ,  car accident ,  child rape ,  crazy ,  deeper meaning ,  director ,  disclaimer ,  disturbing ,  disturbing trailer ,  Eastern Europe ,  England ,  ex-porn star ,  eye opening ,  gore ,  graphic content ,  Harry Knowles ,  horror ,  Hostel ,  Milos ,  Milosh ,  new genre of film ,  newborn infant porn ,  not for the weak ,  one last job ,  Pandora's box ,  perverse and disturbing ,  pornographic content ,  realistic ,  repressed country ,  Rotten Tomatoes ,  SculptingFragments ,  Serbia ,  Serbs ,  sex ,  sexualized violence ,  shock the world ,  snuff films ,  squeamish ,  Srdan Spasojevic ,  Srdan Todorovic ,  taboo ,  Top 10 of 2010 ,  torture ,  torture porn ,  unsettling ,  Youtube  | posted in  Movies 
 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Everything I Know About the UK…I Learned from the BBC 
 WordPress Planet 
 WordPress.com News 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 
 Categories Select Category Anime/ T.V. Miscellaneous Movies Music Video Games 
 
 
 Follow My Blog! 
 
 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 39 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 The Great Dictator: A Nazi Slap to Hitler 
 Never Let Me Go (The Film) 
 Wreck-It Ralph: A Gamer's Paradise 
 Naruto: Shippuden, My New Obsession 
 The Expendables 2: Redonkulousness. 
 
 
 
 Search The Abyss 
 
 
 Subscribe to RSS 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
