Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Academic Position for Sleep Medicine, Division of Pulmonary 
 University of Alberta 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry - Medicine Department 
Competition No. - A100643066 
Closing Date - Will remain open until filled. 
 Alberta Health Services in partnership with Covenant Health and The University of Alberta, Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry, Department of Medicine, Division of Pulmonary Medicine invites applications for a Clinical AMSHP position for sleep medicine to be based at the University of Alberta Hospital/Kaye Edmonton Clinic. Located in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, the Faculty has been internationally recognized as among the world’s top 50 medical schools and as one of Canada’s premier health-education institutions. The University is currently home to more than 38,000 students with more than 15,000 faculty and staff. 
 The Division provides a wide range of clinical programs in Pulmonary Medicine and Allergy. Division members have dedicated asthma, COPD, bronchiectasis, interstitial lung disease and pleural effusion clinics in addition to subspecialty services that include Tuberculosis, Adult Cystic Fibrosis, Sleep disorders, Pulmonary Hypertension and Interventional Pulmonary Medicine. 
 Division members also care for the second largest Lung Transplantation populations in Canada and offer the full range of clinical supports for advanced respiratory care (i.e. in-patient non-invasive mechanical ventilation and endobronchial ultrasound – EBUS). 
 The Division is affiliated with the Alberta Respiratory Centre and has PhD and MD members involved in various areas of research in pulmonary diseases (https://www.ualberta.ca/department-of-medicine/divisions/pulmonary-medicine/publications). 
 Key accountabilities of the Respiratory/Sleep Medicine Physician will include, but will not be limited, to demonstrating leadership in the field of sleep medicine, participating in the Division’s clinical roster (including inpatient ward, consultation, and bronchoscopy services), participating in the University of Alberta’s Sleep Program and associated duties (outpatient clinics, sleep study interpretations, etc.), teaching learners at the undergraduate, residency, and/or subspecialty trainee levels, supporting clinical research/innovation work within the division 
 The successful applicant will be expected to apply for a Clinical Academic Colleague Appointment in the Department of Medicine, University of Alberta, which will be considered under a separate process through the Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry. 
 The successful candidate will have an MD degree, or equivalent. He or she will have or be eligible for certification in Pulmonary Medicine with the Royal College of Physicians & Surgeons of Canada. As well, he or she will be eligible for licensure with the College of Physicians and Surgeons of Alberta (CPSA) and have a proven interest for Sleep Medicine. 
 Individuals interested in the education of trainees and a strong interest in research are encouraged to apply. 
 Remuneration for this position is based on the Academic Alternative Relationship Plan (AMHSP). Salary will be commensurate with education and experience. 
 Interested candidates are asked to submit online letter of intent and curriculum vitae outlining their education, qualifications, experience, research interests along with three letters of reference address to; 
 Dr. Giovanni Ferrara 
 Divisional Director, Division of Pulmonary Medicine 
 3-134 Clinical Sciences Building 
 11304 – 83 Avenue 
 Edmonton, AB T6G 2G3 
 We thank all applicants for their interest; only those individuals selected for an interview will be contacted. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. 
 Applications will begin being reviewed 2 weeks after ad posted; however, the competition will remain open until the position is filled. 
 Alberta Health Services hires on the basis of merit. We are committed to the principle of equity in employment. We welcome diversity and encourage applications from all qualified women and men, including persons with disabilities, members of visible minorities, and Aboriginal persons. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. 
 The City of Edmonton, with a growing population of over one million, is the cosmopolitan capital of Alberta known as “The City of Festivals”. With an abundance of services, a beautiful river valley, a multitude of community activities and attractive and financially reasonable living accommodation options, our energetic city has something for everyone. For further details about our vibrant city, please visit www.edmonton.ca (http://www.edmonton.ca/). 
 Details about the University of Alberta, the Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry and the Departments of Medicine & Family Medicine are on the Faculty’s Home Page at www.ualberta.ca (http://www.med.ualberta.ca/). 
 Details about Alberta Health Services are at www.albertahealthservices.ca (http://www.albertahealthservices.ca/). 
 How to Apply 
 Note:  Online applications are accepted until midnight Mountain Standard Time of the closing date. 
 All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadians and permanent residents will be given priority. If suitable Canadian citizens or permanent residents cannot be found, other individuals will be considered. The University of Alberta is committed to an equitable, diverse, and inclusive workforce. We welcome applications from all qualified persons. We encourage women; First Nations, Métis and Inuit persons; members of visible minority groups; persons with disabilities; persons of any sexual orientation or gender identity and expression; and all those who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas and the University to apply. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
