Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 3 Ways to Efficiently Make Your Resume Work for Everyone 
 Gerrit Hall    12th December    Career   2 Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=3%20Ways%20to%20Efficiently%20Make%20Your%20Resume%20Work%20for%20Everyone%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fcareer%2Fresume%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 The job search is a lot like dating. As a job seeker, you research, improve, and put yourself out there through your resume so that the company of your dreams will find you. After a meeting or two, you either part ways or join in a mutually beneficial relationship called gainful employment. 
 Just like dating, the company you’re wooing wants to feel special and wanted, not just for the money or perks, but for the overall experience. 
 In both situations, the best way to do this is to learn about them and approach them in a tailored way. In your job search, this all begins with your  resume . 
 Customizing your resume for an employer is a lot simpler than it seems. Below, I have included three different ways to create a custom resume as efficiently as possible: 
 Create a Master 
 Unless you’re a glutton for punishment, you probably don’t want to re-write a new resume each time you find an open position. Emily Chapman of  HackCollege  has the answer: Create a master resume. It’s so simple, yet genius. 
 If you want to create your own master resume, simply open your favorite word processor and write out any and everything that would find itself on your resume. Every single job you’ve held, your complete educational history, skill. . .You name it. 
 Then, when a new opportunity comes around, you can simply copy and paste the relevant information into a new document, thus creating a tailored resume. 
 Template It 
 I advise you to tread lightly in this territory – while templates are incredibly handy, sometimes they can  muck things up far more than they can help . However, having a template on hand (just like with a master, above), can make things a lot easier when you are tailoring a resume. 
 Just like a shirt you hem, there are certain elements on your resume that are always going to stay the same (your name, contact information, basic layout of work experience, education and skills). Include these in your template to spare wasting time. As a warning, be sure to keep any formatting in your resume simple. No employer wants to decipher a jumbled resume. 
 Mirror the Ad 
 A job ad is really an employer’s gift to you. After all, in this ad, your potential boss is telling you exactly what it takes to get this job. As the employer looks through your resume, they are more or less using that ad as a checklist to evaluate your qualifications. 
 Make this easier for the both of you by mirroring the ad in your resume. Does the ad start off with skills? Then your resume should start with skills. Does it finish off with education requirements? Then your resume should end with education history. This might not be very noticeable, but anything that makes your resume easier to read makes it easier to get hired. 
 What do you think?   What other tips should a job seeker keep in mind when tailoring their resume?  Share your thoughts in the comments below! 
 Popular search terms for this article: 
 how to efficiently create your resume 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 resume (6) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Gerrit Hall  |  Website  |  Facebook  |  Other Articles 
 Gerrit Hall is the CEO and co-founder of  RezScore , a free web application that reads, analyzes, and grades resumes -- instantly. Gerrit has successfully combined his passion for computer science and the careersspace by helping job seekers write the best resume possible. Gerrit is a regular contributor to the startup advice site  Bootstrapper , hosts the "Vital Topics" panel of the  Road2Shambala  podcast, and spearheaded the  2log  competitive blogging platform. 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     No Patience for Patients? Here are the Medical Jobs for You  
  _ _     3 Ways to Improve your Employability as a Recent Grad  
  _ _     Using Stock Ratings to Create Your Next Career Move  
 
 Discussion 
 
 2 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 
 Example of a Resume  on the 15th December 
 
 Reply   
 I completely agree to you that resume servers as your first impression on the interviewer. so the resume which you write must be the one what they’re looking for their organisation. 
 
 John Waite  on the 30th December 
 
 Reply   
 Thanks for this post, some really useful tips on writing a resume. When I was looking for work, it was taking a while to even get an interview. And it was only when I let my friend glance over my resume, they said my resume was the reason why I wasn't getting any interviews, apparently it was badly laid out. 
 It's amazing the difference a good resume can make, once I changed it, I got an interview almost straight away! 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
