Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Drafting Technician 
 LEA Consulting Ltd. 
 __Temiskaming Shores, ON 
 Apply Now 
 CAREER OPPORTUNITY: 
Drafting Technician 
 Location:  Temiskaming 
 About LEA Consulting Ltd. 
 LEA Consulting Ltd. (LEA), celebrating 65 years, is a reputable, well established employee-owned professional services firm comprised of engineers and planners. LEA provides consulting services for planning, design, and construction administration of Infrastructure, including Civil, Transportation, Transit, Structures and Infrastructure Systems projects. 
 Why join us? 
 We are a medium sized employee-owned company with a Strategic Plan for manageable growth and expansion; 
Our mindset is on recruitment of like-minded high-performing individuals; 
 We are employee-owned:  about one-third of our employees are shareholders; 
We have an entrepreneurial spirit, engaging in stimulating projects with plenty of room for advancement and career growth; 
We have a work environment with flexible hours; 
Our Strategic Plan prioritizes employee mentorship and training opportunities to reach your fullest potential; 
We balance work-life by unwinding with regular social events such as Golf Day, theatre, sporting events, canoeing and bowling to name a few; 
We offer a competitive total compensation package 
 Role Summary 
 Located on the shores of beautiful Lake Temiskaming in the City of Temiskaming Shores, LEA Consulting Ltd. is seeking a Drafting Technician to join our team working on municipal infrastructure projects. 
 Duties and Responsibilities 
 Utilize various engineering software such as (AutoCAD, Civil3D, MicroStation, and InRoads) to modify and/or create drawings for roads and municipal infrastructure projects; 
Develop and prepare engineering designs and drawings from preliminary concepts; 
Maintain and modify design layouts through the project lifecycle; 
Prepare/Assist in calculations of quantity take-offs as required; 
Manage and organize the collection, recording, and digital filing of field data; 
Assist in preparation of technical reports and other documents about project status and progress; 
Liaise as required with other technical team staff and/or sub-consultants and/or clients; 
Perform other assigned tasks or duties as required. 
 Qualifications 
 Technical college degree in Engineering, Construction, Drafting, CAD Engineering, or equivalent relevant degree. 
Good knowledge in Microsoft programs such as Word, and Excel and drafting programs such as AutoCAD, Civil3D, MicroStation, or InRoads would be considered an asset. 
Ability to handle technical assignments of substantial variety and different levels of complexity. 
Strong problem-solving skills. 
Good knowledge of occupational Health and Safety Act. 
Ability to make decisions and work with little supervision. 
 Working Conditions 
 Full time position with minimum 37.5 hours per week. The successful applicant will be carrying out tasks and duties in an office environment as well as on construction sites. 
 We would like to thank all applicants, however only those who qualify for an interview will be contacted. LEA Consulting Ltd. is an equal opportunity employer. Please contact hr@lea.ca should you require information or assistance. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
