Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Production Clerk 
 Vince's Market 
 __Uxbridge, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Vince’s Market is an independent grocery chain with locations in Sharon, Newmarket and Uxbridge Ontario, plus a new store opening soon in Tottenham. The first Vince’s was established in Toronto in 1929, and since then we’ve built a strong reputation for fresh foods, personalized service, and great value. 
 But don’t just take our word for it – Vince’s Market has been recognized as one of Canada’s top companies by the Canadian Federation of Independent Grocers, and some of our stores have even been named the 1st or 2nd best independent grocer in all of Canada! 
 The secret to our success is the hard-working team at Vince’s, who are passionate about food, and love building great relationships with our local customers. We care deeply about finding the right people to fill our roles, because when our employees are happy, then they’ll make sure our customers are happy too. 
 And that’s where you come in. We’re hiring a Permanent Part Time Production Clerk! We’re looking for someone with a positive attitude that cares about the employees they supervise, and has the skills and experience to make the deli run smoothly and efficiently. 
 About the Job 
 As a Team Member in our locations, there is lots to do in this job – so you’ll find that time flies - and there’s lots to learn too. We have an extensive training and orientation program that will teach you all about: 
 Food handling & food safety 
Your specific department standards 
Customer service skills 
Inventory Control 
Food education 
This full-time position will provide approximately 40-44 hours per week, consisting of days, evening and weekend shifts. The hourly pay rate walking in on your first day could be as high as $16-$18 commensurate with experience and guided by our standardized and transparent compensation scale. We also have the opportunity for a terrific benefits program that could kick in three months after you’re hired. 
 Please note, that you must have full year round availability to be considered for this position – we’re looking for long-term employees and not seasonal workers. 
 Many of the best people in our stores never imagined they’d love working in a grocery store. They love people, and they love food, and that means they love helping people pick the right food – it’s that simple. 
 Experience wise, if you’ve worked in a food preparation position, you’ll know what it’s like to prepare quality and fresh items. And if you’re outgoing, positive, and naturally feel responsible taking ownership of any issues that arise, you’ll be a great fit for this role. 
 The other key thing is having a real interest in food. It would be fantastic if you’ve worked in a restaurant, or in food handling, but if you’re an avid amateur cook, or just love fruits, vegetables, meats or cheeses, you’ll have the passion that it takes to love your job. 
 Why Work at Vince’s? 
 Working at Vince’s Market is quite different than those big grocery store chains. When you’re small and independent your strength lies in the creativity, personality, and passion of your people – not in some top-down corporate strategy. 
 At Vince’s, each department runs their own space, and makes important decisions as it relates to what we stock, how we display it, and how we serve our customers. Your ideas are valued and implemented, as we empower the team to take advantage of local trends and needs, and tap into our customers’ desires. 
 Our other strength is in having long-term, passionate employees. You won’t be treated like a number around here – you’ll be respected, and there’s an open door policy to engage management about anything that could be better, or isn’t working. We like to work hard at Vince’s and that’s because we like what we do, and we like each other. Our people are friendly and our teams are tight, because they not only enjoy working together, but also have fun at the many BBQs, family outings, holiday parties, and volunteer activities that each store organizes. 
 And finally, you’ll also notice that we’re pretty focused on fostering personal development for our people. From increasing their financial acumen, to doing monthly, quarterly and annual performance feedback and management reviews with every employee– it’s all about the growth. We are also committed to expansion, so there’s lots of room to get promoted, and we always look to promote from within. 
 How to Apply 
 Our online application will ask you to apply to this role as a complete person - not just a resume. The application will assess your qualifications, personality traits and workplace preferences, and should take about 10-15 minutes to complete. You can get a copy of your assessment when you're done by logging into the application tool. We value diversity and inclusion and encourage all qualified people to apply. If we can make this easier through accommodation in the recruitment process, please contact us with the “Help” button in the application. 
 We will review applications as they are received and look forward to hearing from you. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
