Skip to content 
 Tuning the Christian's heart to God's perfect pitch 
 Tune My Heart 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Welcome 
 About Tune My Heart 
 Oh Happy Day! 
 Drop a Line 
 
 Tag: Job 38 
   
 Ignorant Words-Ecclesiastes 7:21-22 
 August 16, 2019  by  Mark Browning , posted in  The Word 
 I'm fairly confident that nobody, upon reaching the time of their retirement, strokes their chin and thinks, "I wish I'd gone to more meetings!" Yesterday, I thought of this as I sat in a room packed with several hundred of my colleagues at a faculty meeting. 
 Without boring you completely on the details, let's just say that our academic commander has been tasked with creating a better system for sharing decision making with the faculty. Various people have various ideas for how that might be achieved. Imagine that: academics with multiple opinions. The problem yesterday was that not everybody was particularly nice about how to share their ideas. 
 The commander took some criticism. His superiors, the president and board of trustees, received a good dose of blame. The leadership, current and past, for committee A was criticized as was the leadership of committee B. It was what my friend Nathan terms, a "big day in preschool." I'm not sure what that means precisely, but it's what I think of when I read today's text. 
 
 Don’t pay attention to everything people say, or you may hear your servant cursing you, for in your heart you know that many times you yourself have cursed others. 
 Ecclesiastes 7:21-22 
 
 The Blame Barrage 
 I'm also reminded of God's opening salvo against Job: "Who is this who obscures my counsel with ignorant words?" (Job 38:2). People have about ten pieces of criticism for every complaint-worthy act. When I start classes on Monday, I will undoubtedly meet students who will blame me along with their family, their friends, President Trump, their high school teachers, society as a whole, and a host of other factors for whatever failures they produce. 
 So what's a person to do when the blame missiles are flying thick and heavy across the battlefield of life? I'm kind of surprised by the advice that is given in this text. The teacher does not advise us to listen carefully to all of the criticism, weighing it to determine its merits before thoughtfully acting on what is learned. No, he just says "don't pay attention." 
 My daughter works on a customer service phone line for a credit card company. Every day she hears people criticizing and blaming, her favorite being, "I hope you're proud of yourself. You're ruining Christmas!" So how does Olivia succeed and keep from being depressed by this steady stream of blame and criticism? She doesn't pay attention to it. She does her best to wade through the nastiness in order to discover what she can or cannot do to make the customer happy. 
 Getting in Tune 
 We can keep from listening to those who obscure our counsel with ignorant words when we realize that we do the same thing. When we realize the ignorance of those words we can refuse to either let them get us down or allow them to provoke us to equally ignorant responses. And just maybe, in that realization, we can see our own ignorant words for what they are and make them fewer. 
 Tagged  blame ,  criticism ,  Ecclesiastes ,  Ecclesiastes 7 ,  Job 38 
   
 More Snow? 
 February 20, 2019  by  Mark Browning , posted in  News ,  Uncategorized 
 I've had enough of snow for the week or for the month or for the entire winter. I'd say that I've had enough for the year, but I'm fairly sure that I could tolerate a bit of snow in December-you know, White Christmas and all that. 
 A friend of mine sings the praises of snow. She loves it. She can't wait for it to come in and make the whole world magical. But then she lives in mid-Tennessee, where a half inch of snow that lasts for three hours is a big deal. Here in Kansas City, we've had something white on the ground nearly every day since the beginning of the year. We had more snow in November than we had all of last year. And right now, it is coming down in fine flakes, almost too small to be felt. It's the portent of more to come. 
 For a solid week now, I've been driving Penny crazy by, several times a day, saying, "I've had just about enough of this winter nonsense. Have I mentioned that?" She smiles as she grits her teeth. Tonight, in expectation of the blizzard that has just begun outside, we've now cancelled the third deacons meeting of 2019. It's February 19 and we still can't get the guys together. My school closed at 5:00 p.m., and I won't cry if we get a snow day tomorrow out of the thing. That'd be the only positive to come out of another four inches of snow. 
 Why? Why is it still snowing? Why do we have to put up with this nonsense, watching our streets torn up by the freeze-and-melt cycle, struggling to drive here or there? Where is the justice in all of this? 
 Of course the answer is a non-answer. When Job wagged his finger at God, questioning God's justice, the Lord's response was simple and stern. It was an eloquent version of "Shut your mouth!" In part, it was like this: 
 
 Have you ever in your life commanded the morning 
or assigned the dawn its place, 
so it may seize the edges of the earth 
and shake the wicked out of it? -Job 38:12-13 
 
 Why the snow? I don't know. I'm still fed up with it, but no amount of my impatience will change a bit of it. So we just hold out for a snow day! 
 Tagged  Job ,  Job 38 ,  snow ,  weather 1 Comment 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
