Advertise Here 
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 Simple Life Network 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 About Us 
 
 
 Free Stuff Finder 
 
 
 The Mom Crowd 
 
 
 Think Simple Now 
 
 
 Concept Art 
 
 
 Movie News 
 
 
 Hip Hop News 
 
 
 TrickyRiddles.com 
 
 
 Search for: 
   
 Skip to content 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Job Board 
 
 
 Contribute 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 
 
 Email Updates 
 
 
 Rss Updates 
 
 
 15 Tips to Rock Your Career 
 Cody Ward    27th July    Career   5 Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [](http://twitter.com/intent/tweet?text=15%20Tips%20to%20Rock%20Your%20Career%20-%20http%3A%2F%2Fworkawesome.com%2Fcareer%2Frock-your-career%2F%20  SHARETAG "Twitter") 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 All marketers, or entrepreneurs for that matter, obtain unique experiences and perspectives that drive them forward in their careers. Some focus on  performance , others leadership, others networking, or an infinite combination of strategies to better themselves in the workplace and set up for the success of future initiatives. 
 In the interest of comradery, sharing among a common profession, or just the belief that learning together will make us all better, I’ve put together my top 15 list of actions to take for you to rock your career. Many of these ideas have come from personal experiences, work colleagues ideas, mentors’ advice, and distinguished authors. Hopefully you will find value in some of them and adopt them into your own career. 
 
 Embrace life-long learning. Read. 
 Do the grunt-work for long enough and well enough that you can teach it to others. By understanding it at ground-level, you’ll be able to lead them to where you want them to go. 
 Develop mentors or at least a circle of people advocating for you and giving you advice. Consult them on all major decisions and develop a relationship that encourages them challenging your decisions. Read  Never Eat Alone  by Keith Ferrazzi for his ideas on networking. 
 Never let your own lack of planning/execution turn into another person’s “fire drill”. 
 Be aware of your communication style, your body language, and how you’re presenting yourself. Use the power of 3 (organize your ideas into 3 points at a time) to communicate your message effectively when speaking or presenting. 
 Spend 70% of your time on tasks/projects that are important but haven’t been assigned to you yet. Read the  The 4-Hour Workweek  by Timothy Ferriss on ideas on personal automation and productivity. 
 Become a generalist. Don’t be afraid to be dangerous on a wide variety of topics. The world needs people who piece things together at a high level. 
 Never look back and wonder “what if?” 
 Never ask a question you can’t answer yourself with a bit of a research or trial and error. 
 Learn to tell stories of both successes and failures. Read _ Made to Stick  _by Chip Heath & Dan Heath for how to organize your ideas in a simple framework. 
 Keep focused on the best you can possibly do, recognize when opportunities arise, and have the courage to take chances. Maximize positive opportunities and minimize random events (Black Swans) by reading  The Black Swan  by Nassim Nicholas Taleb. 
 Demonstrate your passion outside of your work and school time. 
 Lead by asking questions. Get others to arrive at the destination instead of forcing them to agree with you. Your ideas will be much better received if the group comes up with it together. 
 Invest your time, energy, and resources into the things that matter most in your life first, and then to others that show results. Read Clayton M. Christensen’s Harvard Business Review article “ How Will You Measure Your Life? ” 
 Challenge the status quo and always go back to “Why are we doing it this way?” 
 
 Bonus tip: Turn yourself into a thought leader in your field. You don’t have to become the expert know-it-all, you just need to be part of the conversation. I encourage every young professional to start writing, share your thoughts, and give 10x more than you expect to receive -- and in turn rock your career! 
 Photo by DepositPhotos . 
 Popular search terms for this article: 
 Powered by Article Dashboard tips to start a conversation ,  Powered by Article Dashboard you\re in the movies ,  Powered by Article Dashboard communication plan ,  Powered by Article Dashboard the art of conversation ,  Powered by Article Dashboard general communications 
 ** ** Post Tags 
 
 
 Career (5) 
 
 
 focus (28) 
 
 
 life-long learning (2) 
 
 
 Mentors (2) 
 
 
 Rock Your Career (1) 
 
 
 Successful career (1) 
 
 
 _ _ Tweet Post 
 
 
 _ _ Email Post 
 
 
 _ _ Print Post 
 
 
 Share Post 
 
 
 By  Cody Ward  |  Website  |  Other Articles 
 Cody Ward  is a marketing professional, entrepreneur, blogger, and social media advocate. He has a successful track record consulting on complex B2B and B2C digital marketing strategy. In 2001, Cody started an online business selling sporting good products and driving revenue through affiliate programs. He then began working at Allstate Insurance Company on their paid search marketing and search engine optimization campaigns. Later he was also a core member of Zurich Financial Services' groundbreaking online thought leadership marketing program where he led lead generation tactics, CRM & ESP technical setup, and email optimization. In 2012, Cody joined Vision Integrated Graphics to lead an email marketing team, providing custom solutions for core clients. 
 Related Posts 
 
  _ _     What Do Job Hunting and Dating Have in Common?  
  _ _     How Do You Learn?  
  _ _     Dealing with Boredom at Work: Make a Big Splash  
 
 Discussion 
 
 5 Comments  | 
 Comment RSS _ _ 
 
 
 Neerav  on the 27th July 
 
 Reply   
 Wonderful tips! 3rd and 11th is my favorite. 
 * **[Cody](http://www.puzzlemarketer.com)** on the 30th July 
 
 Neerav, 
 Thanks for the comment! 
 
 
 Cody 
 
 Craig  on the 5th August 
 
 
 
 Reply   
 Thanks for these tips. I am finding my job a bit boring at the moment. You have inspired me…..a little. I think I just need a change altogether! 
 
 Cody  on the 17th August 
 
 Reply   
 Craig, 
 Glad you found some value in them! 
 
 
 Cody 
 
 Jed  on the 4th November 
 
 
 
 Reply   
 Hola! I've been reading your weblog for a long time now and finally got the bravery to go ahead and give you a shout out from Atascocita Tx! Just wanted to say keep up the excellent work! 
 Add a Comment 
 Click here to cancel reply. 
 Your Name 
 Your Email 
 Your Website 
 Join Our Mailing List 
 Get twice-a-month updates from the blog and 
occasional subscriber-only tips and giveaways. 
 Email Updates Your Email Address Close 
   
 Categories 
 
 Business 
 Career 
 Communication 
 Competition 
 Creativity 
 Freelance 
 General 
 Giveaway 
 Goals 
 Health 
 Home Office 
 Management 
 Marketing 
 Memo: Random 
 Money 
 Office Life 
 Podcast 
 Productivity 
 Retirement 
 Reviews 
 Site News 
 Software 
 Success 
 Work Life Balance 
 Your Job 
 Your Life 
 
   
 Work Awesome 
 Work Better. Live Better. 
 
 Twitter Updates 
 Email Updates 
 Rss Updates 
 
 _ _ Recently on Twitter... 
 
 
 Sorry, Twitter in not available at the moment. 
 
 
 Write an Article Send us your Contribution 
 
 
 Follow us on Twitter 0 Followers 
 
 
 RSS  and  Email Updates 15095 Readers 
 
 
 © 2008-2013 WorkAwesome.com |  privacy 
 
