Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Electrical Supervisor 
 IKO Industries Ltd. 
 __Calgary, AB 
 Apply Now 
 IKO Industries Ltd. is a market leader in the manufacturing of roofing and building materials. IKO is a Canadian owned and operated business with production facilities worldwide and has many years of unparalleled success in the roofing materials industry. Quality, integrity, and trustworthiness are the values that underlie this success, and we have built this company by hiring people who hold these values. People like you! 
 Job Description 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Provides first-line supervision, technical assistance and training to a staff of journey-level industrial electrical and electronics technicians 
 Leads the team in troubleshooting of electrical problems and devise solutions for these problems 
 Incumbents are responsible for formulating and developing goals and objectives, supervising assigned personnel and directing day-to-day activities. 
 Ordering material for stock and jobs to be done 
 Initiating Maximo tasks for the electrical department and making sure existing tasks get completed 
 Print list of Maximo PM work orders at first of each week 
 Checking that the electricians entered labor into Maximo and then closing outstanding work orders 
 Participates in the selection and training of personnel engaged in the design, installation, testing, calibration, maintenance and repair of electrical, instrumentation, electronic control and related equipment and machinery, such as above- and below-ground electrical distribution systems, motors, controllers, transformers, actuators, switches, generators and programmable logic controllers. 
 Schedules and coordinates activities with other departments and divisions. 
 Requisitions necessary tools, equipment and supplies. 
 Researches new operational methods, techniques and equipment and recommends their application. 
 Tracking of motors installed, inventory and being serviced 
 Updating electrical drawings in AutoCAD 
 Permits for electrical work and yearly inspection 
 Making sure tools are repaired, calibrated etc. New tools to have copy of purchase order and documentation that comes with tool put in tool folder. 
 Electrical maintenance of compressors, Power tool repairs 
 
 CANDIDATES WITH ELECTRICAL MANUFACTURING EXPERIENCE AND BACKGROUND WILL BE GIVEN PREFERENCE. 
 Benefits of Employment:  IKO recognizes that its success is due to the strength of its employees. A primary goal of IKO is to promote individual employee's sense of accomplishment and contribution so that employees enjoy their association with IKO. The Company invests in its employees so that they are the most knowledgeable in the industry, and undertakes great efforts to nurture loyalty to, and teamwork at, IKO. We are pleased to offer competitive compensation, health care, a progressive and challenging workplace and a commitment to teamwork and integrity. 
 Diversity and Equal Opportunity Employment:  IKO Industries Ltd. is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to diversity and inclusion and are pleased to consider all qualified applicants for employment without consideration to race, religion, creed, color, national origin, age, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status or disability. IKO Industries Ltd. encourages and welcomes applications from people with disabilities. Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. 
 Benefits of Employment:  IKO recognizes that its success is due to the strength of its employees. A primary goal of IKO is to promote individual employee's sense of accomplishment and contribution so that employees enjoy their association with IKO. The Company invests in its employees so that they are the most knowledgeable in the industry, and undertakes great efforts to nurture loyalty to, and teamwork at, IKO. We are pleased to offer competitive compensation, health care, a progressive and challenging workplace and a commitment to teamwork and integrity. 
 Diversity and Equal Opportunity Employment:  IKO Industries Ltd. is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to diversity and inclusion and are pleased to consider all qualified applicants for employment without consideration to race, religion, creed, color, national origin, age, gender, sexual orientation, marital status, veteran status or disability. IKO Industries Ltd. encourages and welcomes applications from people with disabilities. Accommodations are available on request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
