Student Abroad Magazine 
 The UK’s No1 Study Abroad Magazine 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Student Abroad 
 for Business 
 for Career 
 for Gap Year 
 for High School 
 for Internship 
 for Languages 
 for Summer 
 for University 
 in Australia 
 in Canada 
 in Europe 
 in Ireland 
 in New Zealand 
 in South America 
 in USA 
 
 for Career 
 There are many reasons why you might choose study abroad to enhance or develop your career options: 
 Foreign Language 
 The option to learn languages for personal and career opportunities is one of the best ways to get ahead in your career.In the 21st century you need every advantage you can get to keep yourself competitive in the marketplace, and adding foreign language skills is a great way to gain an advantage. 
There are many industries in which adding a foreign language would immediately be useful. Tourism, hotels and restaurants, advertising, marketing, military and defence, security, communications and journalism, just to name a few. Being able to communicate with customers, clients and contacts in their own language, even just to put them at ease and make them more comfortable with you is clearly a great asset. 
Career advancement. Knowledge of a foreign language can make you more valuable to your company, giving you a better chance of a promotion or a raise. You may also improve your potential for reassignment or relocation, and therefore also an increase in pay. 
 Available in any language ( Including English, French, German, Spanish, Polish, Portuguese. Chinese, Japanese and Russian   ) 
 Vocational or Specialist 
 Vocational Education and Training (VET) system provides pathways for new entrants to the labour market, further training for those in employment or seeking a career change, and provides a pathway to higher education. VET, often referred to as Technical and Vocational Education (TVE) in some countries, provides individuals with the skills required in a modern economy and delivers training that is practical and career-oriented. 
VET is very popular in Australia and has often been used as a pathway to migration in the past. 
 Migration 
 Starting a new life by emigrating to a foreign country is one of the most daunting things one can do. It is a fact that the goal emigration has been much harder to do in the recent times for two primary reasons. Selling houses and releasing capital has been a major issue for would be British migrants, coupled with fewer overseas job opportunities. So whilst countries such as Canada, Australia and New Zealand have made it much tougher to get in, Brits still want to go and, for those with the right skills that match the requirements of these countries, it remains very possible. The reasons Brits continue to leave are several, but include the fear of impending austerity measures, loutish behaviour and the lure of a perceived better lifestyle. So whilst emigration may remain tougher than it has been, there really could be a queue of frustrated Brits ready to leave for good. 
 Teaching - Explore the World as an English Teacher! 
 Teaching English as a Foreign Language, is first of all about your students learning English. However, you gain much, much more than the teaching techniques. You’ll get skills and experiences that are transferable to other jobs, and last but not least close connections to other cultures. You can be an EFL teacher for a short period, say a year or two, or build a lifelong career. 
 For more information about these or any other programmes, please contact us to discuss your potential 
 educatours@a8workandstudy.co.uk 
UK Head OfficeTel: +44 (0)844 5555 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 Reddit 
 Email 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 1 Response to  for Career 
 
 jobs in dc  says: 
 
  February 13, 2011 at 10:39 pm 
 Talking to someone who's trained to assist you to find new opportunities will assist you in taking a far more objective bird's eye view of your scenario. A trained careers advisor or coach will assist you and spot opportunities you might not have thought of by yourself. 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Study International Programmes for UK Students 
 More British students vying for American universities 
 A world of university opportunities: The benefits of studying abroad 
 Goodbye to the gap year: Students give up travel to avoid 2012 fee hike 
 Parents splash the cash for ultimate student pads 
 
 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 http://my.opera.com  on  FCO Travel Advice Middle East… 
 
 
 
 
 
 taniastac.revelife.c…  on  FCO Travel Advice Middle East… 
 
 
 
 Roland  on  London 2012 launches volunteer… 
 
 
 
 [ watch naurto shippu…  on  London 2012 launches volunteer… 
 
 
 
 Immigration Advice H…  on  Student Nursing dream fades fo… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 May 2012 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 
 August 2011 
 July 2011 
 June 2011 
 May 2011 
 April 2011 
 March 2011 
 February 2011 
 January 2011 
 December 2010 
 November 2010 
 October 2010 
 September 2010 
 
 
 
 Categories 
 
 Australia Student News 
 Canada Student News 
 European Student News 
 International Student News 
 Ireland Student News 
 Language Student News 
 New Zealand Student News 
 South Africa 
 UK Student News 
 Uncategorized 
 USA Student News 
 World Travel Advice 
 
 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 
 
  Student Abroad Magazine  
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
