Skip to content 
 Expert advice for all your social customer, content communications needs 
 
 Follow me on Facebook  
 Follow me on Twitter  
 Follow me on Instagram  
 LinkedIn  
 
 RK Social Communications 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Blog 
 Portfolio 
 Services 
 Clients 
 
 Influencing Careers 
 February 6, 2019  by  rksocialcomms , posted in  Business thoughts 
 At the risk of showing my age one of the career options that was never discussed at school when I was studying was that of becoming an social influencer, You Tuber or Vlogger. According to a study just published by  Awin  a career as an influencer is now a serious career option, at least according to the children taking part. The research showed that of the 2000 11 to 16 year olds that took part in the survey becoming a social media influencer (17%) and You Tuber (14%) were only narrowly beaten by the most popular (and more traditional) career choice, becoming a doctor (18%). The aspiration for a career as a vet or a teacher is now less popular than making a living as either a social media influencer or a You Tuber. 
 If this number of influencers really comes to fruition surely it means that they are going to have to work harder to differentiate themselves? For brands this could be good news as there will be a far greater choice of who to work with, which in theory could drive down costs. What I suspect will happen is that the influencer market will split into groups, with ‘successful’ influencers continuing to be celebrities and/or those with a niche subject, and then a growing group of those who struggle to differentiate themselves. Of course all this could change if legislation is introduced which starts making social media platforms take more responsibility for content placed onto these platforms, something starting to look more likely. Starting out in any career is tough, let alone when you are starting from scratch and your career relies on being open to the public where you can be judged be anyone not just your work mates. 
 After spending several days reviewing influencer videos for a client campaign there are few thoughts on working with influencers 
 Match your influencers to your customers 
 This might sound obvious but making sure your influencers are going to work for your brand and add value/interest/engagement/entertainment for your customers is key. Working with influencers can be expensive so ensuring you are working with the right person for your brand is important to ensure you get value for money. 
 Be authentic 
 The whole point of working with influencers is that they have authentic tone and content which their followers love – so don’t try and change this but be aware and judge if this will work for your brand and your customers. 
 Work on relationships 
 Building relationships with customers and influencers is important – this is Public Relations in digital age. Building a community through relationships with both customers and influencers is time consuming and resource heavy but can pay off in the long term, especially for brands who have or want to have high customer engagement and service. 
 Be aware of the regulations 
 There are guidelines in place for influencers and brands alike thanks to the  ASA  and CAP code, for example, you don’t necessarily have to be paying an influencer to be seen as running advertising. You can read the guidelines here, swot up. 
 Set up guidelines 
 A set of guidelines which has been through your legal team and shared with stakeholders that outlines how your brand interacts with influencers is a good idea as it means teams are aligned, especially important in larger organisations where several teams, from PR to online marketing could be involved. 
 Measure success 
 Be clear on your KPI’s and ensure you can measure them, engagement is fine if that is what your objectives are, or do you want to measure conversion and sales? Set this out at the start and ensure your objectives and targets are signed off as part of the overall marketing plan. 
 For social media & communications advice please contact me on Rachel.Kerr@rksocialcomms.co.uk 
 Photo by  leonardo silva  on  Unsplash 
 Post navigation 
 Previous postAre you ready for crisis management? 
 Next post‘We make a good team my Adidas and me’ 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Privacy 
 Privacy promise Your privacy is of the highest importance to us, and we promise never to release your personal details to any outside company for their mailing or marketing purposes. We'll treat all your personal information as fully confidential. We do not currently send marketing communications and will only contact you in response to an enquiry or to follow up if you are a new or existing client to ensure we are meeting your needs. If you do not want us to contact you please let us know, you can opt out of communications at any time if you tell us. If we start sending marketing communications we will ask for your permission first and will only ever use your details for the purposes of RK Social Communications. To read more on how your personal data is going to be handled, read our full Privacy Policy incorporated in our Terms and Conditions. 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Conditions – means these terms and conditions and the Special Conditions Product – means a product displayed for sale on the Website Product Description – means that part of the Website where certain terms and conditions in respect of the individual Product are provided Special Conditions – means the terms and conditions in the Product Description Users – means the users of the Website collectively Personal Information – means the details provided by you on registration We/us – means RK social communications Website – means the website located at www.rksocialcomms.co.uk or any subsequent URL which may replace it Cookies – means small text files which our Website places on your computer's hard drive to store information about your shopping session and to identify your computer United Kingdom – means England, Wales, Scotland, Northern Ireland and the Channel Islands You – means a user of this Website. Access You are provided with access to this Website in accordance with these Conditions and any orders placed by you must be placed strictly in accordance with these Conditions. Indemnity You agree fully to indemnify, defend and hold us, and our officers, directors, employees, agents and suppliers, harmless immediately on demand, from and against all claims, liability, damages, losses, costs and expenses, including reasonable legal fees, arising out of any breach of the Conditions by you or any other liabilities arising out of your use of this Website, or the use by any other person accessing the Website using your shopping account and/or your Personal Information. Our rights We reserve the right to: modify or withdraw, temporarily or permanently, this Website (or any part thereof) with or without notice to you and you confirm that we shall not be liable to you or any third party for any modification to or withdrawal of the Website; and/or change the Conditions from time to time, and your continued use of the Website (or any part thereof) following such change shall be deemed to be your acceptance of such change. It is your responsibility to check regularly to determine whether the Conditions have been changed. If you do not agree to any change to the Conditions then you must immediately stop using the Website. Third party links To provide increased value to our Users, we may provide links to other websites or resources for you to access at your sole discretion. You acknowledge and agree that, as you have chosen to enter the linked website we are not responsible for the availability of such external sites or resources, and do not review or endorse and are not responsible or liable, directly or indirectly, for (i) the privacy practices of such websites, (ii) the content of such websites, including (without limitation) any advertising, content, products, goods or other materials or services on or available from such websites or resources or (iii) the use to which others make of these websites or resources, nor for any damage, loss or offence caused or alleged to be caused by, or in connection with, the use of or reliance on any such advertising, content, products, goods or other materials or services available on such external websites or resources. We will treat all your Personal Information as confidential (although we reserve the right to disclose this information in the circumstances set out below). We use the services of third parties such as Wordpress and Google to fulfil digital services such as website and email hosting and are not responsible for the protection of your data on these services. We will fully comply with all applicable UK Data Protection and consumer legislation from time to time in place. When you visit this Website you can input Personal Information from you such as your name and e-mail address as well as Cookies. We may also collect, and our third party providers of advertisements and content may collect, information about where you are on the internet (eg the URL you came from, IP address, domain types like .co.uk and .com), your browser type, the country and telephone area code where your computer is located, the pages of our website that were viewed during your visit, the advertisements you clicked on, and any search terms that you entered on our website ("User Information"). We may collect this information even if you do not register with us. You should be aware that this site is being monitored and may capture information about your visit that will help us improve the quality of our service. We confirm that any Personal Information which you provide to us (or which is available on public registers) and any User Information from which we can identify you, is held in accordance with the registration we have with the Data Commissioner's Office. We use your information only for the following purposes: For statistical or survey purposes to improve this Website and its services to you; To serve website content and advertisements to you; To administer this website; To ensure new and existing clients are satisfied with our services. We do not send marketing communications or share data with others unless we have permission. You agree that you do not object to us contacting you for any of the above purposes whether by telephone, e-mail or in writing and you confirm that you do not and will not consider any of the above as being a breach of any of your rights under GDPR directive. We do not currently send marketing emails and if we do, or if you want us to not communicate with you you can unsubscribe from our contact list at any time by replying to a promotional e-mail with the word "unsubscribe" in the subject line, by e-mailing us at Rachel.Kerr@rksocialcomms.co.uk. We will not release your Personal Information to any company outside of our organisation for their mailing or marketing purposes. You should be aware that if we are requested by the police or any other regulatory or government authority investigating suspected illegal activities to provide your Personal Information and /or User Information, we are entitled do so If you'd like to opt out of cookies, please go to the Network Advertising Initiative website (opens in a new window - please note that we're not responsible for the content of external websites). Do not track (DNT) is a feature offered by some browsers, with some newer browsers offering it as default. If you enable it, it sends a signal to websites to request that your browsing isn't tracked, for example by third party ad or social networks, or analytic companies. Please check back frequently to see any updates or changes to our privacy policy. 
 Text Widget 
 This is a text widget. The Text Widget allows you to add text or HTML to your sidebar. You can use a text widget to display text, links, images, HTML, or a combination of these. Edit them in the Widget section of the  Customizer . 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
