  
 Menu Bar 
 
 __ 
 
 Go 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Job Search 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 New Graduates 
 Job Sites & Resources 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 
 
 Networking 
 
 Networking Tips 
 Networking Etiquette 
 Networking Events 
 Social Media & Online Networking 
 Elevator Speech 
 Informational Interviews 
 Networking Mistakes 
 FAQ About Networking 
 
 
 
 Cover Letter 
 
 Cover Letter Tips 
 Cover Letter Format 
 Cover Letter Samples 
 Cover Letter Mistakes 
 FAQ About Cover Letter Writing 
 
 
 
 Resume 
 
 Resume Tips 
 Resume Format 
 Resume Template 
 Resume Samples 
 Customizing Your Resume 
 Resume Formatting 
 Ideas & Alternatives 
 Resume Mistakes 
 Resume Writers 
 FAQ About Resume Writing 
 
 
 
 Interview 
 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Questions 
 Interview Skills 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Mistakes 
 Follow Up Interview Email 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Career Advancement 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 Continuing Education 
 Productivity 
 Work Relationships 
 Work Environment 
 Work Life Balance 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 
 Go 
 
  Home   
  Job Search   
  Job Search Tips   
 Back to Work: Advice for Parents Returning to the Workforce 
 
 Back to Work: Advice for Parents Returning to the Workforce 
 by Peter Appleby 
 It's somewhat ironic to refer to the process of reincorporating one's self to a job after time off spent parenting and raising a family, since in reality this is a job in and of itself. Any parent knows that raising children is a full-time job, whether you have a formal job or not. The only thing is, being a parent doesn't pay (and in fact, it's quite costly), and so after a time away from the workplace for parenting purposes most mothers and fathers will be inclined to go back to work. For some parents, this process of returning to work is sometimes a very simple ordeal, entirely prearranged and predictable. For others, it is anything but easy and implies practically starting a whole new  job search  with all the concomitant efforts and chores. 
 Some parents will have only taken a few weeks or months off of work, in which case their leave of absence will not have had much affect on their ability to function on the job, whereas parents that have taken a more significant reprieve will find themselves in need of reorientation and instruction – often in the shape of career counseling. Hence, sprucing up one's professional image is always a crucial aspect of this process for any parent looking to go back to work, whether it be within the same position and company as before or within a completely new setting. 
 1) Finding Childcare Services That Match Your Needs 
 The biggest concern of any parent about to return to work is how they are going to ensure their kids are being properly looked after. This matter will be framed differently depending on where you live, as certain cities/counties offer childcare programs (and some states have programs as well), whereas in other areas there is practically no official support in this regard whatsoever. Consult with the Social Services office (in some jurisdictions known as the Human Services office) of your local government as well as with your state government and inquire about any programs they may be running on the matter. 
 Though finding such official programs for childcare help is a major home run for any parent trying to return to work, in reality only very few of the total applicants will qualify for these programs. Most of the time, the responsibility falls on the shoulders of the individual, and being creative, flexible, and having good time management skills will be of the essence as a result. There will inevitably be a cost involved "unless you are lucky enough to find a relative happy to take on the responsibility, free of charge" and you will need to negotiate and bargain in order to get the best deal: if you are going to hire a nanny to be in your home for the hours when no other adult supervisor is present, try to find ways to reduce their price by adding tangible benefits. For example, in exchange for the nanny lowering their rate, offer them free meals while they are keeping an eye on the kids, or offer a room and bed (when applicable). Also, see if your employer is willing to help with childcare costs (which, if forthcoming, might hinge upon a salary cut, a necessary sacrifice). 
 2) Renew Your Knowledge Base 
 Many parents that want to return to the labor force will be doing so after a long spell of not having had any work. These persons, therefore, are urged to spruce up their professional image as much as possible before presenting themselves to any  job interviews  or even dropping off copies of their  CV . There's nothing worse on a CV than many years without a new entry, a new qualification/certification, etc. Even for those parents that are returning to the exact same job that they had before their leave of absence, the need for renewing knowledge and know-how is pressing. Technology is, undoubtedly, the most salient case in point: whether it's been only a few months or whether it's been a few years, updating one's IT skills is going to be imperative. Strongly consider going to a course intended for working adults that will renew your IT skills. At the same time, courses and seminars aimed at other "more theoretical" aspects of professional competency is a good idea. If you have a trade license that expired over your leave of absence, get it renewed; if a newer form of certification emerged during your absence, try becoming certified. Whatever you do, do not emerge from your parenting spell without injecting new vigor into your CV. 
 
 Here's a good article on how to write your cover letter and resume:  Cover Letter and Resume Tips for Stay-at-Home Parents 
 
 3) Don't Play it Solo; Use the Available Resources 
 One of the biggest mistakes committed by parents returning to the labor force is trying to go it alone - frequently, a way of protecting their ego by reaffirming that they can accomplish things, professionally speaking, on their own. This is a suicide strategy, and will certainly not benefit any parent looking to return to work. Anybody poking around the job market - parent or not - is encouraged to call upon the services of the different career coaches and counselors in their community. For people that went to college, going directly to the institution's Career Office and signing up for some career coaching is the best way to proceed. Not only will such counselors be able to indicate which avenues you should be pursuing, but these people have been trained to help individuals identify their abilities and fortes and narrow down a  career path  or two that best take advantage of them. One problem many parents encounter in their efforts to re-assimilate to the workforce is that they don't know exactly what they can bring to the table; these professionals help folks surmount that obstacle and move beyond it. 
 4) Be Bold 
 Parenting is really a job of its own, and when you reincorporate yourself into the "real" working world you will want to harness the skills you honed as a parent. Furthermore, some parents simply are not willing to renounce many of the things that they grew accustomed to while being at home taking care of their family, such as the proximity with their children and the ability to help them with their school work, etc. Subsequently, many parents make the bold decision to branch out into a new career path that will give them more space for the family, or directly choose to begin  working from home  - which is a dream come true for many working parents. The opportunities for working from home are growing by the day, and parents looking for an income would be wise to give a look in this direction (as well as others - remember to keep all your bases covered). 
 Whatever choice you make in the end, remember that it is important for parents to get back to work at one point or another. 
 
 Peter Appleby  is a professional  career consultant , helping those at a career crossroad. 
 Job Search Center 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 Job Sites & Resources by Profession 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 Recommended Articles 
 
 Why HR Just Isn't Into You  
 3 Ways to Identify and Showcase Your Skills to Land a Job  
 Job Fairs Aren't for Sissies: 10 Tips to Improve Your Chances  
 What Happens When an Employer Does a Background Check About You?  
 5 Best Career Change Ideas and Advice in your Midlife  
 Prepare for Your Pre-Employment Assessment  
 
 FAQ 
 
 How to Write Your Resume and Cover Letter if You've Been Absent from the Workforce for a While? 
 How to Showcase Your Accomplishments? 
 How to Choose a Career That Fits Your Personality? 
 What Happens When an Employer Does a Background Check? 
 What Can You Do if You're Lacking Experience? 
 
 Job Search Center 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 Job Sites & Resources by Profession 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 Become a Contributor 
 We are always on the lookout for good writers. If you are a resume writer, career coach or human resources professional and would like to contribute, please  get in touch  and earn your badge! 
 
 WorkBloom's goal is to help you find work and reach your highest aspirations, one step at a time. 
 Featured Resources 
 
 Resume Writing 101  __ 
 Over 300 Resume Samples  __ 
 Cover Letter Writing 101  __ 
 Over 200 Cover Letter Samples  __ 
 The Holland Codes / RIASEC  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Job Search Center  __ 
 Networking Center  __ 
 Cover Letter Center  __ 
 Resume Center  __ 
 Interview Center  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Career Center  __ 
 Students & New Graduates Center  __ 
 Contributors  __ 
 Contact Us  __ 
 
 Copyright © 2006-2020 | All Rights Reserved |  Privacy Policy 
 × 
 Send 
