silver sydney 
 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 About 
 
 Tag Archives: job 
 Closing books and long last looks… 
 Posted on  May 29, 2013  by  Sydney 
 The fact that high school is ending hasn't really hit me yet and I don't know if it'll hit me hard at all. Ray was all excited today when he got done with his last exam…but I haven't really had that feeling. Of course, I'm glad to be done with high school…but it's not about being done with the work (I know that I have four more long years of that ahead.), it's about being done with the stupidity of it all. I'm honestly really unimpressed with the majority of people in my high school. I mean of course there are probably about 10 or so people that I like more than half of the time, but I'm not even great friends with about half of those people and I'll miss even fewer of them…one of them being my chorus teacher. The most important one being Ray…who hopefully I won't have to miss too much. I hate to sound like a silly stereotypical teenage girl who thinks her high school romance will last forever…but I do think so. And I know that he and I will be pretty much attached at the hips. I know that the most important relationship I have built so far is coming with me, so what do I  really  have to miss about high school? 
 I certainly won't miss all of the ridiculous rules. The last few times I've been at school I've just been so disgusted with the entire system. I suppose I probably feel like most kids do for the entirety of high school. Now that I am legally an adult, I'm just so fed up with being told what to do. I've always found high school annoying, of course, because I've never really had the mentality of a high schooler, but at this point I wish some one would try to write me up for not having a pass. Please. Try. 
 Speaking of being an adult, I start my job at Michael's tomorrow. I think I count this as my first job since I got it entirely on my own and not with the help of family connections. I'm under the impression that I'm going to be sitting on a computer tomorrow doing the "Michael's University" training program. (Fun fact: I have to concentrate really hard not to spell Michael's incorrectly. For some reason I always want to spell it "Micheal's".) 
 This week I only have 14 hours…but hopefully I can get to four days a week and closer to 20 hours. But I am getting paid eight dollars an hour and not minimum wage, so that's exciting! Let's see…between now and college, if I worked 20 hours a week, I could make around 1600 dollars this summer. It seems so minuscule when I consider my scholarship money that I've received in the past few months. However, I like to think of my scholarship money as payment for going to school for the past four years. Well deserved. 
 Speaking of being good at school, I seriously need to work on my Valedictorian Speech. I still have a page and a half that I would like to write, and I have no idea what I want to write about. It's due Friday. Oops. However, it's getting late. I'm going to Madame Smith's retirement party at 9:00 in the school I have recently learned to despise, so I suppose I should hit the hay. Perhaps I'll finish the story I'm on in Tales of the Jazz Age. I didn't like Gatsby the first time I tried to read it, so I'm trying to ease myself in with some short F. Scott Fitzgerald. We'll see how it goes when I borrow The Great Gatsby from Ray. Goodnight!! 
 /  Tagged  Fitzgerald ,  friends ,  graduation ,  job ,  love ,  michaels ,  new job ,  school ,  senior ,  The Great Gatsby  /   Leave a comment 
 
 
 
 January 2021 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 
 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 
 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 
 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 31 
 
 
 
 « Jul 
 Search 
 Recent Posts 
 
 (no title) 
 Delayed Teen Angst… 
 Logical Fallacy!! 
 Just got rid of my folders for my other top two colleges… 
 Dover High School Salutatorian Address 2013 
 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 
 2013   adulthood   agnosticism   anger   angst   atheism   ATLA   bible   bored   college   creativity   education   Fitzgerald   friends   grades   graduation   happiness   high school   job   Korra   lees mcrae college   life   logic   love   me   michaels   money   musical theatre   new job   parents   pictures   prom   Religion   restless   salutatorian   school   scripture   selfie   senior   speech   speeches   Teen   The Great Gatsby   university of delaware   valedictorian   writing   you have none 
 Archives 
 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
