Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Laboratory Assistant - BCCDC Labs 
 PHSA 
 __Vancouver, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Laboratory Assistant 
BCCDC Labs, $24.81 per hour 
 What you’ll do 
 Prepare specimens for testing in accordance with established procedures by performing duties such as preparing smears, staining and coverslipping slides, centrifugation, aliquoting (subsampling), and loading samples onto specimen racks. 
Verify that specimens meet acceptable identification criteria and verify specimen type according to established procedures, sort and assign laboratory numbers to specimens, in priority according to pre-defined criteria, and applies barcode labels according to established operating procedures. 
Prepare culture media and stock solutions by performing duties such as weighing dehydrated media and chemicals, dissolving in water or other solvents, measuring Ph and adjusting as required, and sterilizing by filtration or autoclaving. 
Receive incoming specimens and requisitions and check for accuracy and completeness of information such as personal health number, name, date of birth and tests required. Contact physicians or labs for missing information and make necessary corrections. 
Process test requisitions by entering patient data into computer systems, issue new patient identification number where required and identify duplicate record problems, obtain or clarify missing or questionable information, correct errors and omissions in patient demographic data and enter corrections into computer systems. Enter test requests into the Laboratory Information System (LIS). 
 What you bring 
 Grade 12, successful completion of a recognized Lab Assistant training program plus one year’s recent related experience or an equivalent combination of education, training and experience. 
 What’s in it for you 
 Every PHSA employee enables the best possible patient care for our patients and their families. Whether you are providing direct care, conducting research, or making it possible for others to do their work, you impact the lives of British Columbians today and in the future. That’s why we’re focused on your care too – offering health, wellness, development programs to support you – at work and at home. 
 Join one of BC’s largest employers with province-wide programs, services and operations – offering vast opportunities for growth and development. 
Access to more than 2,000 in-house training programs. 
Enjoy a comprehensive benefits package, including municipal pension plan. 
12 annual statutory holidays with generous vacation entitlement and accruement. 
Perks include onsite fitness classes and discounts to 350 BC-wide recreational programs, travel, technology, car and bike sharing, and more. 
 Regular, Full-Time 
 Wage:  $24.81 per hour 
655 West 12th Ave, Vancouver 
Applications will be accepted until position is filled. 
Rotating Shifts 
 Requisition Number:  100264 
 What we do 
 BC Centre for Disease Control (BCCDC) bccdc.ca is dedicated to preventing and controlling communicable disease and promoting environmental health for the province. 
 Provincial Health Services Authority (PHSA) plans, coordinates and evaluates specialized health services with the BC health authorities to provide equitable and cost-effective health care for people throughout the province. Our values reflect our commitment to excellence and include: Respect people – Be compassionate – Dare to innovate – Cultivate partnerships – Serve with purpose. Learn more about PHSA and our programs: jobs.phsa.ca/programs-and-services 
 PHSA is committed to employment equity and hires on the basis of merit, encouraging all qualified individuals to apply. We recognize that our ability to provide the best care for our diverse patient populations relies on a rich diversity of skills, knowledge, backgrounds and experiences, and value a safe, inclusive and welcoming environment. 
 ATTN: PHSA Employees: 
To be considered as a PHSA employee (internal applicant) for this position, you must apply online via your internal profile at http://internaljobs.phsa.ca 
 Please note the internal job posting will no longer be accessible after the expiry date of November 16th, 2020. If the internal job posting has expired, please contact the Internal Jobs Help Desk and advise that you would like to be considered as a late internal applicant for this position. Please do not apply for the external job posting. 
 If you have not registered your internal profile, a password is required to log in for the first time. To obtain your password, please contact the Internal Jobs Help Desk at 604-875-7264 or 1-855-875-7264. Please note regular business hours are Monday – Friday (excluding stats), 8:30am to 4:30pm. For inquiries outside of regular business hours, please email the Internal Jobs Help Desk at internaljobshelpu@phsa.ca and a Help Desk Representative will contact you the next business day. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
