Skip to content 
 
 Rory Douglas 
 Financial Educator Rory Douglas teaches how to Live Your Best Life 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Contact 
 Blog 
 
 Jobs 
 Stock Market Corrects itself 
 Posted on  March 8, 2020  by  RKD 
   
 https://www.podbean.com/media/share/pb-g8wgk-d5c278 
 Do you put your faith in the stock market? Are you controlling your money or does the market control your money? Well you better get educated on how your retirement is in the hands of a very risky machine. Keep in mind this machine can break you or it can make you. Once you put all your faith in it, you will risk losing and you risk gaining. In this episode of Holla at a Scholar, your street professor breaks down what's on the market and what's not from stocks, 401(k)s, 403(b)s and more. Why is it important to be neutral and save your money and not invest in a downward market? Those who are ready to go to another level in finance, stay tuned and get your notepads out. 
 Posted in  Uncategorized Tagged  Jobs ,  Lottery ,  Mega Millions ,  money ,  spending ... ,  Win big Leave a comment 
 Search for: 
 MY MISSION 
 1 Million Financially Educated Families by 2020! Knowledge is power, and I am determined to provide 1 million people throughout North America with a financial education that empowers them to have a better future. 
 ACTUAL FACT 
 Can you believe the average American is at least 1-2 paychecks away from being homeless? Yet we live in one of the richest nations in the world, people still are finding it difficult to get ahead. Most people are working more than one job. I personally believe that solution to fixing this problem is Financial Literacy. 
 40/40 
 The average person work 40 hours a week for 40 years and try to retire off 40% of their retirement. 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 Pinterest 
 LinkedIn 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
