[ 
 Workew 
 Workew is the #1 board to find remote jobs, careers and other remote work opportunities to become digital nomad, work from anywhere and travel the world. 
 ](https://workew.com/ "Workew") Close Search for: Search 
 
 Remote Jobs 
 
 Marketing 
 Developer 
 Operations 
 Designer & UX 
 Customer Service 
 Project Mgmt 
 Sales & Biz Dev 
 Writing & Editing 
 Virtual Assistant 
 Other WFH Jobs 
 
 
 Remote Work Course 
 My account 
 
 Shopping Cart 
 
 
 More
 
 Facebook Group 
 Telegram Alerts 
 Pricing & Plans 
 Remote Health 
 Contact Us 
 Blog Posts 
 
 
 Post a Job 
 Post a Resume 
  __Facebook 
 
 Menu 
 Head Of Partnerships 
 
 
 Sales 
 Anywhere 🌎 
 Posted January 20 
 BookNook 
 
 Overview 
 BookNook is on a mission to ensure every child has access to a world-class reading teacher. We offer easy-to-use tools for educators and caring adults, that empower them to provide powerful reading instruction that gets great results. At BookNook, we believe that the best programs are designed by people who have their roots in the classroom. Both our instructional strategy and our curriculum come from experienced educators who have seen firsthand what works best for students. 
 Job Description 
 BookNook is a late seed stage startup that is using technology to change how kids learn reading, with a particular focus on helping those students who are having a hard time. We believe that the best programs are designed by people who have their roots in the classroom. Both our instructional strategy and our curriculum come from experienced educators who have seen firsthand what works best for students. 
 We are currently looking for a Head of Partnerships who can take our partnerships and sales strategy to the next level so BookNook becomes a necessary solution for schools and other partners. The Head of Partnerships will be responsible for ensuring BookNook sets, meets, and exceeds aggressive sales targets. This position will build and oversee our sales pipeline and will create a strategy to position BookNook as a solution for existing and new markets. The ideal candidate has a strong history of leading sales for education solutions designed for schools, and is able to develop partnerships with a diverse pool of stakeholders. 
 The Head of Partnerships manages a rapidly growing sales team and is responsible for the performance management and hiring of those employees. The Head of Sales reports to the CEO and the position is geo-flexible. Some travel is required. 
 Responsibilities 
 
 Develop and implement strategic sales plans and forecasts to meet company wide business objectives 
 Develop and manage sales operating budgetHire and supervise a team of regional account executives and sales development representatives and motivate them to achieve the best results possible 
 Set activity and revenue targets for all members of the sales team 
 Personally manage a set of high value accounts 
 Partner with marketing and CS on lead generation strategies 
 Design and implement strategy for product positioning and pricing to produce highest possible long-term market share 
 Position BookNook as a unique and effective solution for schools and other partners 
 Direct sales forecasting activities and sets performance goals accordingly 
 Represents BookNook at conferences and events targeted towards potential customers 
 Work closely with the Head of Marketing to oversee and evaluate market research and adjust strategy to meet competitive conditions 
 Develop customer handoff strategy with the Head of Customer Success 
 Prepare weekly sales reports to share with company leadership team 
 Participate on weekly leadership team meetings 
 
 You are a good fit for the role if you 
 
 Have significant experience in K-12 education, preferably including a B2B SaaS sales operation 
 Know how to develop, implement and lead a sales strategy and team 
 Have a desire for autonomy, exhibiting a high degree of ownership and accountability 
 A substantial track record of meeting and exceeding quarterly sales targets 
 Thrive in an environment based on the principle of High Standards and High Fives 
 Are interested in working in a mission based company with a dual bottom line, both being financially successful and also helping kids overcome educational obstacles 
 
 It would be extra great if you also 
 
 Have experience working with educators, nonprofits, or schools, whether professionally or as a volunteer 
 Have been part of a startup during rapid growth and have seen what it takes to go from having a great sales team to an effective sales operation 
 
 At BookNook we offer a competitive compensation package with equity, comprehensive benefits and a great work/life balance. We’re a fully remote team with a strong culture and our team is filled with folks drawn to BookNook so that they can make a real tangible improvement for students. BookNook is an Equal Opportunity Employer. 
 
 Apply for job 
 Bookmark Job 
 
 Job Page Views:  215 
 Sales 
 
  Website  
  Twitter  
 
 Full Time 
 More Jobs 
 Position closed? 
 Let us know . 
 Share this job: 
 
  Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on LinkedIn (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on WhatsApp (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Join the Remote Slack Community: 
 
 Signup today for free!  🚀 
 Related Jobs 
 
 
 
 Business Recruiter 
 Outschool  Outschool is where kids love learning! 
 Anywhere in US/Canada 🇺🇸🇨🇦 
 * Others
* January 14
 
 
 
 
 Social Media Manager 
 Scott 's Cheap Flights  We find cheap international flight deals that save money 
 Anywhere in US 🇺🇸 
 * Marketing
* November 26
 
 
 
 
 Growth Marketer 
 Wheel  Changing the way healthcare works 
 Anywhere 🌎 
 * Marketing
* January 9
 
 Find Your Dream Job 
 Recruiters looking for remote talent can find your resume based on keywords, job titles, skills and more. 
 Post a resume today 
 WORKEW © 2020 
 Facebook   Twitter   LinkedIn   Instagram   YouTube 
 Back to Top 
 Nomad Insurance by SafetyWing : The best travel medical insurance for freelancers & remote workers Get Insured 
