Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Senior Education Program Associate - Oncology 
 McMaster University 
 __Hamilton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Schedule Monday to Friday - 8:30 am to 4;30 pm 
Education Level Community College diploma in Business Administration, or related field 
Career Level Three years of relevant experience in a university setting 
 Job Description 
 Unit Description: 
The Department of Oncology in the Faculty of Health Sciences is internationally recognized for excellence in clinical care, education and research designed to advance knowledge related to cancer and cancer care, and to relieve the burden of cancer in our communities. The Department actively collaborates across disciplines and Faculties in order to advance this agenda, and is committed to providing a training ground for the next generation of clinicians and researchers committed to these goals. The department is composed of approximately 100 full and part time faculty across three divisions: medical oncology, radiation oncology, and malignant hematology. The department offers two Royal College accredited postgraduate training programs and a Fellowship program and provides educational opportunities for a wide range of learners at the undergraduate, graduate and postdoctoral level. Trainees in the two residency programs participate in the care of oncology patients in ambulatory and inpatient oncology settings, and have the opportunity to be involved in various forms of cancer research. The Department of Oncology is located at the Juravinski Hospital and Cancer Centre site. 
 The Department is seeking an experienced program associate to support the Postgraduate training programs in Medical Oncology and Radiation Oncology, as well as electives for Undergraduate students and Postgraduate medical residents. The position is responsible for directly supporting the Director of the Medical Oncology Postgraduate Program, the Director of the Radiation Oncology Postgraduate Program, their respective postgraduate committees and faculty, and most importantly, the residents in these programs. The position is the first point of contact for all trainees and therefore an ambassador and support for those interested in oncology, for our current trainees, and for our alumni. The program associate is responsible for all administrative aspects of the programs including administering the annual CARMS matching program, recruitment, orientation, rotation scheduling, evaluation processes, coordination of academic events throughout the year, and day to day office functions. The position fulfills a liaison function with the Faculty of Health Sciences Postgraduate Education Office in order to ensure compliance with McMaster University’s postgraduate training policies and procedures, and supports Royal College accreditation processes. 
 Job Summary: 
Responsible for providing administrative support for an academic program or department, the Senior Education Program Associate plans and coordinates a variety of academic program or department events, projects and activities and is also accountable for monitoring the applicable project and event budgets and forecasting financial gains and shortfalls. Performs the duties of the position in accordance with established policies, procedures, and calendar of events, and is responsible for coordinating resident rotation schedules and a variety of educational events and other learning and research initiatives. Creates positive partnerships with preceptors, teaching units, clinics, sites, campuses, practices, and other support staff 
 Purpose and Key Functions: 
Collect, analyze, assess, and summarize information relevant to the decision making process and developing recommendations for final approval and implementation. 
Oversee the Canadian Residency Matching System (CaRMS) with the objective to match all available learner spots to ensure the viability of the program. 
Assist in implementing program software changes, electronic modules and program surveys. 
Complete regular reports on projects and events status to all stakeholders, leadership and support staff and ensure the project scope and project parameters are clear. 
Maintain, evaluate and continuously update projects and events including, but not limited to, electronic modules, curriculum updates, CaRMS and databases. 
Oversee and coordinate education events, tutorials, academic half days and other learning and research initiatives. 
Create, design and develop banners, presentations and other promotional materials for use at various events. 
Create financial projections for projects and events and adjust throughout the duration of the project and event. 
Monitor budgets and reconcile accounts, complete financial transactions including travel expense reports, advances, electronic cheque requisitions, purchase orders and journal entries. 
Ensure appropriate venues and catering are secured provided and book transportation and audio-visual equipment as required. 
Delegate tasks appropriately to staff to assist with planning and coordinating events and activities. 
Make recommendations about future activities and events based on needs and results surveys. 
Facilitate various meetings and chair committees were applicable. 
Develop, plan, and coordinate rotation schedules for qualified residents at multiple sites. 
Facilitate the evaluation process for preceptors and students. Compile evaluation results and bring negative evaluations forward for review. 
Write a variety of documents including, but not limited to, correspondence and minutes. 
Respond to inquiries that are specific in nature and require a thorough knowledge of established policies and procedures. 
Maintain confidentiality of information. 
Set up and maintains filing systems, both electronic and hard copy. 
Update and maintain information in databases. 
Set up, use, and troubleshoot teleconferencing and videoconferencing equipment. 
 Assets: 
Superior interpersonal skills and communication skills 
Problem solving skills 
Experience in preparing documents 
Demonstrated ability to learn new software applications 
Demonstrated ability to work independently as well as to collaborate with others 
Demonstrated ability to organize complex work demands and to meet deadlines 
 Additional Information: 
The following list represents knowledge, attributes and roles important to performance in this position: 
 Working experience with MEDSIS 
Experience in postgraduate education 
Knowledge of Competence By Design 
Working knowledge of Microsoft Office 
Liaison with Faculty of Health Sciences Postgraduate Program Office 
Communication of policies and processes for trainees and faculty 
Day to day support for all trainees 
Support of all key processes associated with trainees including recruitment, orientation, exam preparation, collation of evaluations, rotation scheduling, academic programming 
Understanding, interpreting and preparing documentation to support Royal College accreditation processes 
Day to day management of transactions related to postgraduate program budgets 
Support for education committees including planning, scheduling, minute taking, and administrative follow up 
Maintenance of program files, program documents, and confidential files 
 How To Apply 
 To apply for this job, please submit your application online. 
 Employment Equity Statement 
 McMaster University is located on the traditional territories of the Haudenosaunee and Mississauga Nations and within the lands protected by the “Dish With One Spoon” wampum agreement. 
 The diversity of our workforce is at the core of our innovation and creativity and strengthens our research and teaching excellence. In keeping with its Statement on Building an Inclusive Community with a Shared Purpose, McMaster University strives to embody the values of respect, collaboration and diversity, and has a strong commitment to employment equity. 
 The University seeks qualified candidates who share our commitment to equity and inclusion, who will contribute to the diversification of ideas and perspectives, and especially welcomes applications from indigenous (First Nations, Métis or Inuit) peoples, members of racialized communities, persons with disabilities, women, and persons who identify as 2SLGBTQ+. 
 As part of McMaster’s commitment, all applicants are invited to complete a confidential Applicant Diversity Survey through the online application submission process. The Survey questionnaire requests voluntary self-identification in relation to equity-seeking groups that have historically faced and continue to face barriers in employment. Please refer to the Applicant Diversity Survey - Statement of Collection for additional information. 
 Job applicants requiring accommodation to participate in the hiring process should contact: 
 Human Resources Service Centre at 905-525-9140 ext. 222-HR (22247), or 
Faculty of Health Sciences HR Office at ext. 22207, or 
School of Graduate Studies at ext. 23679 
 to communicate accommodation needs. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
