Skip to content 
 Search for: Search 
 
 WorkingJew 
 Jewish thought for the workplace 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Recent posts 
 Audio/Shiurim 
 WJ Charity: Sponsor a Mitzvah 
 
 Uncategorized 
 Job clarity: do I know what I'm doing? 
 Date:  January 25, 2016 Author:  workingjew11   0 Comments 
 This edition of Working Jew has been sent from a reader in Israel. We thank him for his contribution. 
 Job and role clarity are fundamental to the functioning of any organisation. Those who have studied  business psychology theory  will be familiar with the idea that managers can motivate individuals in their team by providing as much role clarity as possible[1]. Of course, the opposite is also true: a lack of role clarity can become a source of tension, when you are relying on another person to do their job so that you can perform yours.  L’Moshel  (for example) during an extremely busy week at work, I sent a colleague a series of emails imploring him to finish his job so that I could carry on with mine. I received the following; 
 “Dear …, go into the storage cupboard, in there you’ll find my draw, open it. Inside you’ll find a box, on the box it says ‘chill pill,’ take one out the pack, eat it and talk to me later….” 
 No, I didn’t laugh like you may have just done. I did quite the opposite. 
 What are we to do when a situation like this arises? What is expected of us? It can’t be that outside the walls of the home, beis hamidrash or synagogue we are  patur  (exempt) from working on ourselves, can it? Being that for sure this is a chance to develop ourselves, what are the options: 
 
 Blast them  - Extremely tempting. 
 Reply by telling them ‘that was unnecessary’  - Less tempting, but definitely has some passive aggressive  hanor  (feeling of pleasure). 
 Wait!  - Not very tempting at all. 
 
 What’s the Torah’s approach? 
 Rebuke – The Rambam brings in Hilchos Dayos (6:6-9) that if one sins against you (i.e. hurts you) you have the right to rebuke them. The  sefora  (logic) being that it will generate  shalom  (peace) between the two of you afterwards. Obviously, there is a way to go about giving the rebuke, i.e. you shouldn’t attack the person, but rather calmly approach him at another time, once you are calm[2]. This is a helpful proof for option 2, but one must take caution: rebuke can only be given if it will be accepted by the other party[3] - this is a vast  seugya  (topic) in its own right. 
 The gemara in Brachos (7b), when discussing what Hashem’s anger is, uses the less common word ‘r  itcha’  for anger. The same word can also mean boiling. The inference is that just as something boiling will eventually cool down, so too will anger. Furthermore, the gemara in Eruvin (13b) at the end of an interesting  masia  (story) explains that it was the quality of patience under provocation that was  one  of the factors that led the Sages to halachically rule according to Beis Hillel (over Beis Shammai). Between the two gemaras, we appear to have a good proof for option 3: just stop, do nothing and calm down. 
 OK, it’s a nice vort, but is that it? That’s working on ourselves? Just waiting? This seems more like damage control rather than growth. I present the following: yes, waiting is damage control, but the real growth comes when we are calm. Later that evening take a look back and assess the elements inside you that elicited the feelings of anger. For example, you may find the factors involved were: 
 
 In reality, you don’t like the colleague in question and you realise now that the reason you keep clashing is because of your inability to be  mivatul  (give in to the other person), as opposed to his apparent misunderstanding of his job; 
 Your colleague was completely wrong and you were defiantly in the right, and yes you were entitled to take the appropriate action. Nevertheless you must still ask yourself: What tone did you take? What medium did you use to present your request? (maybe it’s as simple as just going up to the guy next time instead of sending emails). 
 
 The point is to be cognitive about what causes our reactions. When we do this, then with Hashem’s help we have a chance to get some real depth and clarity about ourselves and play around with how to change our core habits[4]. 
 B'hatzlachah, 
 The Working Jew. 
 [1] Woods & West (2010);  Business Psychology 
 [2] This right/obligation will not relate to non-Jews. However it may still provide an insight for personal relationships in general. Consult a Rabbi in regards to the halachic ramifications. 
 [3] The gemara in Erchin (16b) explains that in our generation people don’t know how to give or receive rebuke. 
 [4] A  reiya  (proof  )  to this is the Bal Shem Tov’s understanding of rebuke. If a person sees an aveyra or sees/hears something ugly then one should contemplate why Hashem made it that the person saw it, and meditate on what they can do in that area as a person to improve. 
 Share this: 
 
 Click to share on Twitter (Opens in new window) 
 Click to share on Facebook (Opens in new window) 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 empowerment Job clarity Looking inwards Purpose Rebuke workingjew 
 Published by workingjew11 
  View all posts by workingjew11  
 Post navigation 
 Previous Previous post: More than a 9-to-5 
 Next Next post: Extending a hand 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (Address never made public) 
 Name 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Learn 10 mins a day 
 Learn Mishnayos 
 
 10-minute shiur 
 Sent daily via WhatsApp 
 Great for beginners 
 
 Sign up  here! 
 Audio shirim added weekly 
 We are delighted to provide access to audio shiurim by Rabbi Justin Treger 
 
 
 Twitter Feed 
 My Tweets 
 Recent Posts 
 
 My dignity vs Hashem's will 
 WJ Compact: Torah and water 
 Being real with ourselves or striving for greatness: The true meaning of Chanukah 
 All work and no pray 
 Earning a kosher livelihood: Succos special 
 
 Archives 
 
 February 2018 
 December 2017 
 October 2017 
 September 2017 
 July 2017 
 May 2017 
 March 2017 
 February 2017 
 January 2017 
 November 2016 
 October 2016 
 September 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 
 Follow WorkingJew on WordPress.com 
 (C) 2021  WorkingJew 
 Website Powered by WordPress.com . 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
