Work In Finland  Jobs in Finland for English speaking professionals and more 
 JOB SEEKERS   RECRUITERS 
 Menu 
 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 Finland News 
 Contact 
 Advertise with Us 
 Login/Register 
 Submit a Job 
 
 Job categories 
 
 New Jobs 
 Agriculture Jobs 
 Construction Jobs 
 Education Jobs 
 Finance Jobs 
 Health Jobs 
 Hospitality Jobs 
 IT Jobs 
 Office Jobs 
 Other Jobs 
 
 Search 
 Radius: Auto 1 km 5 km 10 km 50 km 100 km 1,000 km 5,000 km 
 10 Dec  2012 
 Full-Time Clinical Scientist 
 Danisco Sweeteners Oy -  Uusimaa  , Finland 
 NOTE:  This job listing has expired and may no longer be relevant! 
 Job Description 
 DuPont has been bringing world-class science and engineering to the global marketplace in the form of innovative products, materials, and services since 1802. The company believes that by collaborating with customers, governments, NGOs, and thought leaders we can help find solutions to such global challenges as providing enough healthy food for people everywhere, decreasing dependence on fossil fuels, and protecting life and the environment. 
 The solution to many of the most fundamental challenges facing the world today can be found in science. But providing for the food, energy and safety needs of a growing population will require more than science alone. It will require many people working together to devise solutions that improve the lives of people everywhere. 
 DuPont has a rich history of scientific discovery that has enabled countless innovations and today, we're looking for more people, in more places, to collaborate with us to make life the best that it can be. 
 CLINICAL SCIENTIST We are looking for a Clinical Scientist to our Active Nutrition team based in Kantvik, Southern Finland. Our team runs an active and diverse program of nutritional clinical and pre-clinical studies globally, to advance the science behind the nutritional and health benefits of bioactive food ingredients, to support the business of health-promoting food ingredients and dietary supplements, and to comply with the region-specific regulatory requirements of health-promoting food ingredients. 
 Our talented and highly qualified team is expanding, and we are looking for a Clinical Scientist whose primary duties will be: 
 
 Participating in the planning, developing, executing and managing of human studies 
 Acting as a contact person in DuPont and client-driven studies 
 Reviewing of study protocols 
 Planning and following project budgets 
 Project planning and reviewing activities, including resource requirement planning and reviewing of project timelines against study objectives and deliverables 
 Participating in DuPont clinical research SOP review and development 
 Working in compliance with ICH Guidelines (GCP) and DuPont SOPs 
 
 You are qualified for the position if you have: 
 
 A proven track record in the clinical project management of large multi-centre studies, including international studies 
 Experience in nutritional studies is highly preferred 
 Extensive exposure to clinical operations 
 A University degree in a biomedical or related life science 
 Previous experience working as a CRA or Senior CRA, and/or experience in providing guidance to CRAs in the clinical research environment 
 Effective communication skills including good personal presentation, oral and written communication skills. 
 
 Fluency in English is essential; Other language skills are seen as a benefit (fluency in Finnish is an advantage)  - Experience working in a team environment under time and resource pressures 
 How to Apply 
 Please  Sign in  or  Register , and upload a CV in order to see the How to apply details. 
 _Job Categories: Health Jobs in Finland . Job Types:  Full-Time . _ 
 1325 total views, 1 today 
 Related jobs in Finland 
 
 Type
Related Ads
Job 
 
 
 
 Location
 Finland 
Date Posted
 26 Jan  2021
2. Type
Full-Time
Job
 Dental Assistant 
Location
 HELSINKI  FI
Date Posted
 16 Sep  2014
3. Type
Full-Time
Job
 Nurses 
Location
 Satakunta  Finland
Date Posted
 5 Nov  2013 
 
 Register your CV for FREE 
 
 Register as a Job Seeker to submit your CV. 
 
 Submit a Job 
 
 Starting at  € 99.00  for  30 days 
 
 
 5 of total 4528 Live CVs 
 
 
 * Browse by…
 
 
 
 Tags 
 
 
 Job Type 
 
 Freelance 
 Full-Time 
 Internship 
 Part-Time 
 Temporary 
 
 
 
 Job Salary 
 
 100,000 and above 
 20,000 - 40,000 
 40,000 - 60,000 
 60,000 - 80,000 
 Less than 20,000 
 
 
 
 Job Category 
 
 Agriculture Jobs 
 Construction Jobs in Finland 
 Education Jobs in Finland 
 Featured 
 Finance Jobs in Finland 
 Health Jobs in Finland 
 Hospitality Jobs in Finland 
 IT Jobs in Finland 
 Office Jobs in Finland 
 Other Jobs in Finland 
 
 
 
 Date posted 
 
 Today 
 This Week 
 Last Week 
 This Month 
 
 
 
 dedicated 
 
 
 finnish 
 
 
 Freelance 
 
 
 fresh graduates 
 
 
 hard working 
 
 
 honest 
 
 
 internship 
 
 
 language 
 
 
 Part Time 
 
 
 proofreader 
 
 
 retired 
 
 
 Social Media 
 
 
 Work from Home 
 
 
 
 
 Our Prices 
 
 €99.00 
 
 
 
 1 job only 
1 Jobs lasting 30 days, usable within 30 days 
 * €249.00
 
 10 Jobs Pack 
10 Jobs lasting 30 days, usable within 365 days 
 * €999.00
 
 UNLIMITED Pack 
Unlimited Jobs lasting 30 days, usable within 365 days 
 
 
 Related Blog Posts 
 
 New Type of Hard Metal Developed in Finland 
 Finnish authorities encourage integration 
 Finland Leveraging Its Global Asset: Clean Food! 
 Finland Number 5 In The World For Health Equality For Children 
 
 
 
 * [Subscribe](http://feeds.feedburner.com/JobsInFinland)  
 
 Receive the latest job listings 
 
 Follow Us 
Come join us on Twitter 
 
 
 
 Resources 
 
 Finland News 
 Career Advice 
 Work in Finland 
 Finland Immigration 
 
 
 
 Loved and Trusted by: 
 
 
 
 * [Error - An access token is required to request this resource.](https://www.facebook.com/workinfinland)

* [1297](https://twitter.com/workinfinland)

* [](https://plus.google.com/+Workinfinland/posts)
 
 Made with love for  Finland 
 
 About 
 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 Finland News 
 Contact 
 Advertise with Us 
 
 Resources 
 
 Finland News 
 Career Advice 
 Work in Finland 
 Finland Immigration 
 
 Trusted By 
 
 Copyright (C) 2009 - 2021 Work In Finland. 
 We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. 
 ACCEPT   See details  
