G.M.W.R.A.G. 
 Greater Manchester Welfare Rights Advisers Group 
 Main menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Access 2 Advice 
 
 "Free Legal Advice In Crisis" Conference 2013 
 "Justice For All" - – a public meeting on Tuesday the 23rd of September 2014 in Manchester. 
 Access 2 Advice in the news. 
 Legal Justice Together - Call for Action", Saturday 15 March 2014 
 Legal Justice Together - Conference 
 The demise of GMPERAS. 
 The Work Capability Assessment Action Group. 
 
 
 All about us - a little bit of history 
 All about us - a little bit of history about this site 
 Contact GMWRAG 
 Greater Manchester Strategic Casework Group 
 
 GMSCG law. 
 GMSCG news. 
 GMSCG templates 
 GMSCG minutes 
 GMSCG DWP home-visiting forms 
 
 
 Job Vacancies 
 
 Previous job vacancies archive 
 
 
 NEW: GMWRAG Greater Manchester Universal Credit Forum 
 
 Minutes of previous meetings. 
 
 
 North West Mental Health Welfare Rights Advisers Group 
 
 Minutes of previous meetings 
 
 Presentations to the group 
 
 
 Relevant case law 
 Relevant links 
 Reports submitted by NWMHWRG 
 
 
 Our meetings 
 
 Documents to help you host GMWRAG 
 Minutes of previous meetings 
 Our accounts 
 Presentations and notes from GMWRAG meetings 
 Our archives 
 
 Tribunal Chair Pinders talk to GMWRAG on best practice and tribunals. 
 The "Community Care Welfare Rights" Group 
 The "Greater Manchester Fuel Liaison Meeting/Public Utilities" Group 
 The "Hospital Welfare Rights Officers" Group 
 Oh dear! 
 Piccadilly Action 
 The "Take-Up, Training and Social Policy" Group 
 
 
 
 
 Our members 
 
 Advice agencies 
 Citizens Advice Bureaux 
 Housing Associations 
 Local authorities 
 Solicitors 
 Trade Unions 
 Voluntary and other organisations 
 
 
 Our social policy work 
 
 Consultation responses by member organisations 
 
 
 Our training courses 
 
 How to become a trainer for GMWRAG 
 Workshops 
 
 
 Resources for advisers in the North West 
 
 Resources for advisers in the North West 
 
 
 Self-help resources 
 
 Appealing your benefit decision. 
 ESA3 change of circumstances form 
 JSA and ESA Hardship Payment Application Form 
 
 
 
 Job Vacancies 
 GMWRAG has periodically advertised posts on behalf of our members in the past but we thought it would be useful to set this up as a permanent page rather than the individual posts we've done in the past. The advice sector has been contracting but keep looking and we're sure that from time to time you'll spot things appearing here. 
 GMWRAG asks for a  payment of £50  if you would like to place an advert. That's £50 per advert rather than per post. We think that's a bargain. Please note that if you advertise a post here we will be able to advise on the number of views your page had. If you provide us with documents for people to download from this site and not just your own e.g. application packs, then we will also be able to give you an idea of how many times people went on to download them. 
 New vacancies are announced by an update to this page; and a post on the main page of the site. If you subscribe to the site (which requires no more than your email address) then you will receive an automatically generated email every time there is a new post on the site. 
 LATEST VACANCIES - UPDATED on the 25th of September 2020 
 PLP is recruiting - Welfare Rights Hub Coordinator. 
 Looking to address systemic unfairness in the welfare benefits system? 
 Public Law Project (PLP)  is searching for an adviser/lawyer to coordinate our innovative new welfare benefits support hub, which will sit within our award-winning casework team. We want someone who enjoys working collaboratively and is excited about using the law creatively, with a detailed understanding of the welfare benefits system. The role is open to specialist welfare benefits advisers and qualified lawyers. 
 PLP is a growing and lawyer-led access to justice charity, which was founded in 1991. Our vision is a world in which individual rights are respected and public bodies act fairly and lawfully. We act directly for individuals, and are regularly instructed by law firms, lawyers’ groups, such as the  Law Centres Network , NGOs and other public interest organisations. We work consistently at the leading edge of access to justice issues and there is always lots of scope for development. Recent high-profile cases have engaged with diverse issues such as Home Office removals policy, funding for advice services and legal aid, and the recent prorogation of Parliament. 
 PLP funding comes from a range of sources, including legal aid and charitable grants. Our mixed funding model gives the organisation financial security and stability – particularly at the moment – and means that our lawyers are able to work creatively to achievable income targets. 
 Please email all completed applications to PLP’s HR team by no later than 11.59pm on Monday, the 12th of October 2020 . 
 Documents are here: 
 
 Information pack 
 Application form 
 Equal Opportunities form 
 
 Documents are also available in large-print: 
 
 Information pack 
 Application form 
 Equal Opportunities form 
 
 Follow @publiclawprojct 
 
 An archive of previous job adverts has been created so you can get an idea of who advertises with us and how. `` 
 [twitter-follow screen_name='GMWRAGtweets' show_count='yes' 
 A group to support benefit advisers promote health, wellbeing and good practice in advice work. 
 GMWRAG on YouTube 
 https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ak4MTJOqnV8 
 Email Subscription 
 Enter your email address to subscribe to this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 908 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Sign me up! 
 Search the GMWRAG site for GMWRAG stuff you've lost and don't want to admit to. 
 Search 
 Authors - add stuff to our site 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Disclaimer 
 When you click on these links you are leaving our site. You do so at your own risk and GMWRAG accepts no liability for this. The views expressed by the organisations or individuals linked to are not those of GMWRAG. They represent no more than useful or interesting resources we have come across. 
 Blogs 
 
 Adventures In Workfare  One girl's diary of how the Job Centre works 
 Benefit Tales  Stories from the front line of benefit changes in the UK. 
 Benefits In The Future  The blog of Gareth Morgan, MD of Ferret Information Systems 
 Benefits Owl  Home of one Giles Elliot. Well known GMWRAG member. 
 Binscombe Doctor Blog  Comment on topical or important health matters from a GP practice 
 DWP examination 
 EU Law Analysis  Expert insight into EU law developments 
 Fighting Monsters  Life And Thoughts Of A British Social Worker 
 Inequalities  Research and reflection from both sides of the Atlantic 
 Many Lemons  A Doctor of Physics writing about her MS and, amongst many other things, the benefits system. 
 National Association of Sessional GPs 
 Ron's Rants 
 Same Difference  News, Views and Information For People With Disabilities… 
 Save Justice  Young Legal Aid Lawyers Blog 
 Stupid Sanctions  A Selection of Especially Stupid Benefit Sanctions 
 The Crutch Collective 
 The Poor Side Of Life  Exposing crimes against humanity. Exposing the government's war against the poor. Fighting for basic human rights. Sanctions Kill. 
 The Void 
 Thoughts Of A Welfare Righter  The blog of Neil Bateman. 
 
 Advice in Greater Manchester 
 
 Advice Local  Your local guide to help with benefits, work, money, housing problems and more. 
 Bolton  Bolton Welfare Rights Service 
 Bury Council  Bury Metro 
 GM Hazards Centre  Organising and campaigning against hazards at work 
 GM Pay And Employment Rights Advice Service  providing Employment rights information, advice and support to vulnerable workers and undertaking research into aspects of the labour market and low pay since 1986 when the organisation was established as the Greater Manchester Low Pay Unit. 
 GMCA  The Association of Greater Manchester Authorities turned into something bigger. 
 Greater Jobs  What used to be Your Council Jobs 
 Law Centres Network  Defending the legal rights of people who cannot afford a lawyer. 
 Manchester City Council  Manchester Advice 
 Oldham  Oldham Welfare Rights 
 Perennial  Gardeners Royal Benevolent Society 
 Salford Welfare Rights and Debt Advice  Does what it says on the tin. 
 Stockport Help With Benefit Appeals Team  What used to be (and probably still is) Stockport Welfare Rights Service 
 Tameside  Tameside Welfare Rights Service 
 The Basics Of Tribunal Representation 
 Trafford Welfare Rights 
 Wigan Council 
 
 Fun stuff 
 
 Belindas Face Art  What one GMWRAG member does in her spare time! 
 Disability Horizons  A 21st century view of disability. 
 NAWRA - North American Whippet Racing Association  The other one! 
 NAWRA – Newley and Whitecote Residents Association  The world of NAWRA gets a whole lot more complicated. 
 
 Government 
 
 Appeals Service 
 Child Maintenance Service or Child Support Agency 
 Citizens Advice consumer service  The replacement service for Trading Standards/Consumer Direct 
 Department for Work and Pensions 
 Financial Conduct Authority  You know what it is (hopefully). 
 Financial Services Ombudsman 
 GMCA  The Association of Greater Manchester Authorities turned into something bigger. 
 GovTechLeaders (formerly Digital By Default)  Powering digital intelligence (whatever that means). 
 HM Courts and Tribunals Service 
 HM Revenue and Customs 
 Insolvency Service 
 IRS - Social Fund reviews 
 Jobcentre Plus 
 Neighbourhood Statistics Service 
 OFCOM - The Communications Regulator 
 OFGEM - The Office of the Gas and Electricity Markets 
 OFWAT - The water regulator 
 Pension Service 
 Upper Tribunals 
 
 Looking for more advice? 
 
 Advice Local  Your local guide to help with benefits, work, money, housing problems and more. 
 Advicenow  Making sense of your situation. 
 Age UK 
 Appeals Service 
 Ask CPAG  A new information and advice service for advisers. 
 Benefits Owl  Home of one Giles Elliot. Well known GMWRAG member. 
 Citizens Advice 
 Citizens Advice consumer service  The replacement service for Trading Standards/Consumer Direct 
 Citizens Advice Guide 
 Department for Work and Pensions 
 Disability Alliance 
 Disability Information Bureau  Working in Cheshire to provide a range of accessible, personalised services for the benefit of people affected by disability. 
 Epilepsy Action  exist to improve the lives of everyone affected by epilepsy. 
 Epilepsy Society  a full life for everyone affected by epilepsy 
 Financial Conduct Authority  You know what it is (hopefully). 
 Financial Services Ombudsman 
 Free Movement  Updates, commentary and advice on immigration and asylum law from Colin Yeo at Garden Court. 
 GM Hazards Centre  Organising and campaigning against hazards at work 
 GM Pay And Employment Rights Advice Service  providing Employment rights information, advice and support to vulnerable workers and undertaking research into aspects of the labour market and low pay since 1986 when the organisation was established as the Greater Manchester Low Pay Unit. 
 HM Courts and Tribunals Service 
 HM Revenue and Customs 
 Insolvency Service 
 Jobcentre Plus 
 Law for Life  A charity dedicated to ensuring that people have the knowledge, confidence and skills needed to secure access to justice. 
 Nystagmus Network  The leading patient information, support and scientific research charity for nystagmus in Europe 
 OFCOM - The Communications Regulator 
 OFGEM - The Office of the Gas and Electricity Markets 
 OFWAT - The water regulator 
 Pension Service 
 Perennial  Gardeners Royal Benevolent Society 
 Public Law Project  PLP is an independent, national legal charity which aims to improve access to public law remedies for those whose access is restricted by poverty, discrimination or other similar barriers. 
 The Basics Of Tribunal Representation 
 Upper Tribunals 
 
 Research 
 
 Advice Services Alliance 
 Equality and Diversity Forum  Together for equality and human rights. 
 Free Movement  Updates, commentary and advice on immigration and asylum law from Colin Yeo at Garden Court. 
 GM Pay And Employment Rights Advice Service  providing Employment rights information, advice and support to vulnerable workers and undertaking research into aspects of the labour market and low pay since 1986 when the organisation was established as the Greater Manchester Low Pay Unit. 
 GovTechLeaders (formerly Digital By Default)  Powering digital intelligence (whatever that means). 
 Greater Manchester Poverty Action.  A catalyst for change; supporting and challenging organisations supporting poverty and a voice for those in poverty across Greater Manchester. 
 Inequalities  Research and reflection from both sides of the Atlantic 
 IPPR  The Institute for Public Policy Research, is the UK’s leading progressive thinktank 
 Jospeh Rowntree Foundation 
 JSUK  Daily UK Welfare and Benefits News 
 Neighbourhood Statistics Service 
 Nystagmus Network  The leading patient information, support and scientific research charity for nystagmus in Europe 
 Public Law Project  PLP is an independent, national legal charity which aims to improve access to public law remedies for those whose access is restricted by poverty, discrimination or other similar barriers. 
 Social Policy Association  The professional association for lecturers, researchers and students of social policy in the UK and internationally. 
 Social Sciences Information Gateway 
 The Policy Press 
 UCL Judicial Institute  The UK's first and only centre of excellence devoted to research, teaching and policy engagement about the judiciary 
 University of Manchester Inclusive Growth Analysis Unit  An independent analytic resource to help make poverty reduction central to processes of economic growth and devolution in GM and to provide research, analysis and insight on inclusive growth in other UK cities. 
 Welfare Conditionality  Research to inform international theory, policy and practice on welfare conditionality - Sanctions, Support and Behaviour Change. 
 What Do They Know requests from GMWRAG.  A quick link to see all of the FOI requests made by or on behalf of GMWRAG 
 
 Sites for advisers 
 
 Advice Local  Your local guide to help with benefits, work, money, housing problems and more. 
 Advice Services Alliance 
 Advice UK  The thing what used to be FIAC 
 Ask CPAG  A new information and advice service for advisers. 
 Benefits And Work 
 Child Poverty Action Group 
 Disability Horizons  A 21st century view of disability. 
 Disability News Service  Does what it says on the tin/web site. 
 EU Law Analysis  Expert insight into EU law developments 
 Ferret Information Systems  Training and software 
 Free Movement  Updates, commentary and advice on immigration and asylum law from Colin Yeo at Garden Court. 
 Garden Court Chambers Blog  Do right, fear no-one 
 GovTechLeaders (formerly Digital By Default)  Powering digital intelligence (whatever that means). 
 Greater Jobs  What used to be Your Council Jobs 
 Greater Manchester Money Advice Group  GMWRAG for debt advisers :) 
 HB Info 
 JSUK  Daily UK Welfare and Benefits News 
 Law for Life  A charity dedicated to ensuring that people have the knowledge, confidence and skills needed to secure access to justice. 
 Legal Voice  For professionals committed to access to justice. 
 Lisson Grove  Benefits software 
 Many Lemons  A Doctor of Physics writing about her MS and, amongst many other things, the benefits system. 
 Multikulti  Advice in community languages 
 National Housing Federation  The voice of housing associations 
 NAWRA  The National Association of Welfare Rights Advisers 
 NAWRA – Northern Australia Water Resource Assessment.  Ahem. No, not these. 
 Nearly Legal  Housing Law News and Comment - especially Bedroom Tax right now. 
 Neighbourhood Statistics Service 
 North West Mental Health Welfare Rights Group  Now incorporated into the GMWRAG web site. 
 Rightsnet 
 Social Policy Association  The professional association for lecturers, researchers and students of social policy in the UK and internationally. 
 Social Sciences Information Gateway 
 Social Security Law Practitioners Association 
 Stupid Sanctions  A Selection of Especially Stupid Benefit Sanctions 
 The Oddfellows  Making friends, helping people. 
 The Policy Press 
 Time and Date  Recommended by CPAG for Tax Credit calculations 
 University of Manchester Inclusive Growth Analysis Unit  An independent analytic resource to help make poverty reduction central to processes of economic growth and devolution in GM and to provide research, analysis and insight on inclusive growth in other UK cities. 
 Welfare Conditionality  Research to inform international theory, policy and practice on welfare conditionality - Sanctions, Support and Behaviour Change. 
 
 GMWRAG is pleased to support 
 
 GMWRAG is pleased to support NAWRA 
 
 NAWRA on Twitter 
 
 RT @ salford_mayor : Calls on government mount for COVID-19 debt relief package as county court judgments soar by 82,000 in England & Wales w…  22 hours ago 
 RT @ craigssamuel : The time spent for @ NAWRA_UK  with my @ SCORSS_Scotland  friends was as ever a rewarding one. Also, the time from @ S_A_Somer …  2 days ago 
 RT @ patrickjbutler : My @ guardian  story: The well-off may have benefited from lockdown savings - but the poorest families' living costs have…  5 days ago 
 
 Benefits And Work on Twitter 
 
 Unlawful and Humiliating PIP Telephone Assessments, NINOs Published Online, DWP Fight To Avoid Inquest Scrutiny Be…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   1 month ago 
 "The assessor was relentless and the more I cried and became distressed he would just repeat "I have to do this, I…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   2 months ago 
 "Was asked to make noises like I make while in pain, felt humiliated and degraded” PIP telephone assessments updat…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   2 months ago 
 
 Our tag cloud 
 bbc   benefit sanctions   Bolton At Home   Brexit   Citizens Advice   Citizens Advice Bury and Bolton   Covid-19   CPAG   Discretionary Housing payments   DWP   EHRC   Equality Act 2010   ESA   Europia   EventBrite   Everyday Equality   Facebook   Garden Court North   GM Law Centre   GMLC   GMSCG   GMWRAG   GMWRAG GM UC Forum   Greater Manchester Law Centre   Greater Manchester Poverty Action   Greater Manchester Strategic Caswork Group   HMCTS   Housing Systems   job vacancies   LASA   Law Centres Network   legal aid   Leigh Day   Manchester   Manchester Advice   Manchester City Council   Manchester Metropolitan University   Manchester Tribunal User Group   mental health   Ministry of Justice   National Association of Welfare Rights Advisers   NAWRA   Neil Couling   North West Mental Health Welfare Rights Advisers Group   NWMHWRAG   NWMHWRAGOWTFDTM :)   Oldham Council   Oldham Welfare Rights Service   Oldham WRS   Periscope   Personal Independence Payment   PIP   poverty   Public Law Project   Rightsnet   Salford   Salford City Council   Salford Welfare Rights and Debt Advice Service   Salford WRS   Stockport Advice   The Guardian   Trafford Housing Trust   Trafford Welfare Rights Service   Trafford WRS   Twitter   UC   UK Social Policy Association   Universal Credit   Universal Credit full service   University of Salford   WCA   welfare reform   Work and Pensions Committee   YouTube   Zoom 
 How many of you have been looking at us? 
 
 107,432 looks 
 
 Setting new records. 
 April 2013 officially remains the most successful month in the history of the GMWRAG web site. 1,613 visitors in a month!!! 
 The 30th of January 2018 set a new record as the busiest day in the history of the GMWRAG web site when 249 people viewed the site. We posted thrice that day and we've no idea which post hit the mark. 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Our Cookie Policy  
