Skip to content 
  Working, living & Travelling in Ireland  
 Main Menu 
 
 Working in Ireland Menu Toggle
 
 Foreign Language jobs in Ireland 
 Jobs/ job announcements in Ireland 
 Recruitment Agencies Ireland 
 
 
 Living in Ireland Menu Toggle
 
 Accommodation in Ireland 
 Help with feeling down ? 
 
 
 Travel Menu Toggle
 
 Gort Cycle Trails in the Burren Lowlands Menu Toggle
 
 Ardrahan Drumharsna Castle and Old Irish Milestones Looped Cycle Trail 
 Labane to Bingham Mausoleum in Adrahan looped cycle 
 
 
 
 
 About me! 
 Work With Me! Menu Toggle
 
 Small business interviews West of Ireland 
 
 
 Have a question? Contact me ! 
 
 Join http://www.jobfit.ie - training programmes/improve your skills, find a job 
 1 Comment  /  Uncategorized  / By    Katleen  
 Hello Reader, 
 Irish unemployment levels are around 13 %, comparing to just 5% in 2005. 
You can the CSO  check the  CSO website  here for a breakdown by year/month. 
 Below is the outline of a new governmental programme. 
JobFit is a free 13-week programme of training for unemployed people to help them improve their skills and find a job. 
 JobFit , funded by the  Labour Market Activation Fund  of the Department of Education and Skills, is delivered by TBG Learning in partnership with National Learning Network – both Rehab Group companies. It’s a free 13-week full-time programme of training for unemployed people to help them find a job. 
 With over 25 years’ experience in helping people get back to work, TBG Learning understands the many barriers people come up against when looking for a job. It can be a real challenge knowing where to look, how to apply and how to make an application stand out. The JobFit programme offers free training that leads to nationally recognised qualifications, work placements with local employers and tailored support and guidance to aid people in looking and applying for jobs. 
 To find a location near you, click  here . 
 Happy training! 
Katleen 
 Share this: 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 Pocket 
 
 
 More 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share this 
 
 
 
 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous Post 
 Next Post -> 
 1 thought on "Join http://www.jobfit.ie - training programmes/improve your skills, find a job" 
 
 Pingback:  http://www.beginagain.ie - Workplacement for experienced managers/company heads | Katleen Bell-Bonjean 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Workinglivingtravellinginireland 
 
 Workinglivingtravellinginireland 
 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Pages 
 
 About me! 
 Accommodation in Ireland 
 Foreign Language jobs in Ireland 
 Google Local Guide 
 Gort Cycle Trails in the Burren Lowlands 
 Have a question? Contact me ! 
 Help with feeling down ? 
 Jobs/ job announcements in Ireland 
 Living in Ireland 
 Recruitment Agencies Ireland 
 Small business interviews West of Ireland 
 Travel 
 Work With Me! 
 Working in Ireland 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 51,464 hits 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 Working, living & Travelling in Ireland | Powered by  Astra WordPress Theme 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
