
 Admin 
 Job Postings 
 Latest Comments 
 Contact 
 
 Search 
 The Working Forest - Your #1 source for forestry and forest industry news. 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Digital edition 
 
 
 Multimedia 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Advertise 
 
 
 Classifieds 
 
 
 Subscription 
 
 
 Admin 
 
 
 Directory 
 
 
 Latest Comments 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 
 Province funds job skills training 
 October 6, 2015 
 By: The Daily Townsman 
 The provincial government is pitching in some funding towards forestry training for 24 students enrolled at a program at the College of the Rockies. 
 Roughly $700,000 was funnelled into the Community and Employer Partnerships program, which will give the students both classroom and field experience in the forestry sector. 
 The students will learn about tree identification, silviculture, brush saw and chainsaw operation and maintenance, plant identification and Level 3 First Aid. The field experience will prepare the students for jobs such as junior field technicians, chainsaw operators, research assistants or silviculture surveyors. 
 "Acceptance into the Advanced Forestry Skills Training program allows me the opportunity to enter into a strong, growing industry with more than an entry-level skill set," said Pamela Currie, a student within the program. 
 "The forestry industry can provide me with unlimited growth potential and with hard work I definitely plan on seizing those growth opportunities. The training provided in this program will build a strong foundation of knowledge in the forest industry while building the self-confidence of each student as we prepare to move ourselves forward in a new career." 
 Currie and the rest of the students will receive 15 weeks of classroom training, two weeks of practicum experience in forestry and a minimum to two weeks of follow-up job search support. There are two intakes into the program; the first was in early September, the second will begin in January. 
 According to the provincial government, more people are leaving the workforce than entering it. Through the Community and Employer Partnerships—a component of Project-Based Labour Market Training—800 job-seekers and nearly 180 projects have been funded throughout the province. 
 "The support of Project-Based Labour Market Training fund allows College of the Rockies to provide free high-quality training to members of our community," said David Walls, CEO of College of the Rockies. "This comprehensive program in Advanced Forestry Skills will open the door to numerous employment opportunities for our participants, which in turn provides a great benefit to the community as a whole." 
 For the 2015/16 calendar year, the Ministry of Social Development and Social Innovation is committing $331 million to employment and labour market programs under the Employment Program of B.C. 
 "Kootenay East will benefit from this Community and Employer Partnership preparing 24 people for work in the forestry sector prepared to work in fields such as silviculture, chainsaw operators and researches, just to name three," said Kootenay East MLA Bill Bennett. 
 By:  The Daily Townsman 
 
 Prev story 
 Share on Facebook 
 Share on Twitter 
 Next story 
 
 Your comments. 
 Comments are closed. 
 Your #1 source for forestry and forest industry news. 
 
 
   
 
 
 My Account 
 
 Admin 
 Login 
 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 Job Postings 
 Advertise 
 
 
 
 Social 
 
 Facebook 
 Twitter 
 YouTube 
 
 
 
 More 
 
 Archives 
 Latest Comments 
 Privacy Policy 
 Site Map 
 Newsletter Sign Up 
 
 
 
 The Working Forest Box 138 Stn Main North Bay P1B 8G8 1-705-358-8213 
 Built by Sofa Communications 
*[Stn]: Station 
