  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Taunton, England 
 Rate:  Up to £30000 per annum 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 Registered Home Manager 
 Registered Home Manager vacancy- Learning disabilities and complex needs - Taunton, Somerset - Full Time - £30,000 per annum - permanent role. 
 Service Care Solutions are recruiting for a registered home manager in Taunton - Somerset. 
 This is an exciting opportunity for a passionate and experienced Registered Care Manager to join a nationwide leading organisation in delivering the highest standards of care for people with complex needs and learning disabilities for an 11 bed service. 
 Salary: £30,000 
Location: Taunton, Somerset 
Role: The position is contracted to 37.5 hours across the calendar week, including evenings and weekends so flexibility will be required. 
 Pay is £30,000 per year with 25 days' annual leave plus bank holidays. 
 The organisation also offers a range of attractive bonuses such as retail rewards and savings, a cycle to work scheme, long service awards and a refer a friend scheme (£250-£750). 
 Looking to build on your career, there is a comprehensive commitment to ongoing training, in line with continuing professional development, ultimately adding to your repertoire of skills and experience. 
Candidate: Must have previous managerial experience in care settings and be flexible in their availability. 
 A Thorough knowledge of care standards and legal regulation requirements is essential as well as records of achieving and maintaining these standards to the highest level of service. 
 Requirements: 
, Registered Managers award plus NVQ level 5 in Health and Social care or Leadership & Management or; 
, NVQ level 3 in Health and Social care plus eligible to complete the Level 5 Diploma in Leadership for Health and Social Care. 
, Valid driver's licence and car. 
 If you are interested in applying please contact Tom Millar on 01772 208963, tom.millar@servicecare.org.uk 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Rate:  Up to £30000 per annum 
 
 
 Location:  Taunton, England 
 
 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 
 Industry:  Other 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208 963 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-04 16:03:51 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Mental Health Nurse 
 Registered Nurse - Prison 
 Property Manager 
 Facilities Manager 
 Occupational Therapist 
 Surveyor 
 Extra Care Scheme Manager 
 Band 7 Psychiatric Liaison Nurse 
 Highways Engineer 
 Highways Inspector 
 Highways Technician 
 Childrens Deputy Manager 
 New Owner Executive  
 Childrens Joint Commissioner, Lewisham 
 Business Support Officer 
 Repairs Administrator 
 Mobile Cleaner 
 Street Scene Operative 
 Senior Digital Forensic Specialist, Cell Site Analysis (Police) 
 Registered Manager - Short Break's Centre 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
