WORK WITH INDIES beta 
 Newsletter 
 Browse Jobs 
 Art & Animation 
 Audio 
 Business & Operations 
 Design 
 Marketing & Community 
 Production 
 Programming 
 QA & CS 
 Writing 
 Post a Job 
 Back to all jobs See allProgrammingjobs 
 Software Development Manager 
 Stoic Apply for this Job 
 Posted 
 November 29, 2020 
 Full Time 
 Anywhere 
 Remote 
 ** This position has been closed. 
** 
Are you looking for an opportunity to work with a growing team on an exciting new project? Do you consider yourself a tech savvy, hands on Manager, and able to earn the respect and trust of a team of highly competent  software engineers  ranging from new graduates to Principals and Architects? 
 Our team at Stoic, 4-time BAFTA nominated independent video game company, is seeking a Software Development Manager for development of our next project. You will help us take the project from prototype phase through beta, launch, and live support over a 3+ year timeframe. 
 In this position, you will have the opportunity to work directly with engineers to maximize their effectiveness and strengths. You’ll manage a multifaceted technical team which will implement an ambitious new game from the ground up, ranging from the client and content tools through to the backend services and live support tools. You’ll work closely with the Technical Director and the Executive Producer to achieve the best quality, reliability, and efficiency.  ‍ 
 ‍ 
 Basic Qualifications 
 
 BS Computer Science or equivalent 
 8+ years experience planning, designing, developing and delivering software 
 2+ years experience as a Software Development Manager 
 3+ years experience developing software using C++ and related technologies 
 Familiarity with Games as a Service  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 Preferred Qualifications 
 
 Familiarity with best-in-class Games as a Service 
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills 
 Ability to clearly present complex technical information to a variety of audiences 
 Experience delivering software as a service 
 Experience managing projects and teams in an Agile environment 
 Experience hiring engineers 
 Ability to handle multiple competing priorities in a fast-paced environment 
 A deep understanding of software development in a team 
 A track record of shipping software on time 
 
 ‍ 
 While we do have offices in Austin, TX and Seattle, WA, there are no requirements on physical location. This position has the option to be fully remote. 
 We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, color, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. 
 Contact us at  jobs@stoicstudio.com  to apply, or for more information!  ‍  ‍ 
 ‍ 
 About Our Games 
 Weave your own thread through this epic Viking RPG adventure with the  Banner Saga Trilogy . Guide your caravan across the landscape of a breaking world, where the sun has stopped in the sky and the gods are dead. Bold leadership decisions, wise use of resources, and skillful battle tactics are vital to ensure that you and your clans make it through alive. Who can you trust, how will you protect your allies and what choices will you make as the Darkness draws near? 
 ‍ 
 ‍ 
 ‍  About Stoic  ‍ 
 Our team at Stoic, 4-time BAFTA nominated indie video game company, is growing for an exciting new project! Stoic strives to create games that we can be proud of and that make a positive impact on our diverse audience. We value fostering a culture of creative fulfillment, diversity, inclusion, and personal growth. 
 Stoic is a creator of high quality games and entertainment, founded in 2012 by three industry veterans. Over the years we have completed the Banner Saga trilogy, grown our capacity, and embarked on an ambitious new project. The team believes in developing a work environment that encourages creativity and empowers its members to personal and professional development. We enjoy employment benefits including a variety of high quality Insurance (Health, Dental, Life, Disability, etc…), generous Paid Time Off, Parental Leave, and Flexible Office Hours. 
 Apply for this Job 
 related jobs 
 Kool2Play is hiring a Game Programmerto join their team into work fromAnywhereGame ProgrammerKool2Play | AnywhereLearn More 
 AlBoom Studios is hiring a Game Developerto join their team into work fromAnywhereGame DeveloperAlBoom Studios | AnywhereLearn More 
 Serenity Forge is hiring a Front End Web Developerto join their team into work fromBoulder, COFront End Web DeveloperSerenity Forge | Boulder, COLearn More 
 Isto Inc. is hiring a Gameplay Programmerto join their team into work fromAnywhereGameplay ProgrammerIsto Inc. | AnywhereLearn More 
 Innersloth is hiring a Front End Programmerto join their team into work fromAnywhereFront End ProgrammerInnersloth | AnywhereLearn More 
 Multiverse is hiring a Full-Stack Engineer – Generalistto join their team into work fromAnywhereFull-Stack Engineer – GeneralistMultiverse | AnywhereLearn More 
 Indie games are wonderful. So are the people that make them. 
 Make wonderful games. Be wonderful people. Work With Indies. 
 Thank you for joining the Work With Indies newsletter! The next issue will arrive on Sunday. 
 Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again. 
 *Sign up to receive a weekly digest of new indie career opportunities. 
 WORK WITH INDIES 
 We’ve been lucky to have some incredible jobs working at and partnering with some of the biggest brands in video games. 
 But we’ve never had more fun and been more fulfilled than when we were working with indie game developers. 
 Everyone in games should have that much fun. 
 Our hope is that Work With Indies will connect job seekers with the most rewarding, most inspirational, and most fun jobs they've ever had. 
 NAVIGATION 
 
 Post a Job 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 RSS 
 Communities 
 Nick's Cat 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 
 nathan@workwithindies.com 
 twitter.com/workwithindies 
 facebook.com/workwithindies 
 
 ^ 
 Made by 
 @natethenate 
 and 
 @nsuttner 
 for people who 
 indie games. 
 © 2021  A Lot of Happy LLC 
