Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Research Assistant 
 Western University 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 About Western 
 With an international reputation for success, Western ranks as one of Canada's top research-intensive universities. Our research excellence expands knowledge and drives discovery with real-world application. Western also provides an exceptional employment experience, offering competitive salaries, a wide range of employment opportunities and one of Canada's most beautiful campuses. 
 About Us 
 The Schulich School of Medicine and Dentistry provides outstanding education within a research-intensive, distributed learning environment, where tomorrow's physicians, dentists and other scholars learn to be socially responsible leaders in the advancement of human health. The Schulich School of Medicine and Dentistry is the largest Faculty on the Western University campus and employs over 2,000 part-time and full-time faculty and over 1,500 staff. 
 The Department of Family Medicine specializes in training comprehensive family physicians and future leaders in family medicine. This is done through a highly adaptable program that includes tailor-made curriculum and educational programs for residents. 
 The Lifestyle Research Team, under the direction of Dr. Robert Petrella, focuses on community-based studies of lifestyle interventions for chronic disease prevention, management and control. This research is dedicated to furthering multi- and inter-disciplinary research on aging, physical activity, lifestyle management, chronic diseases, and innovative technologies to improve the quality of life of Canadians across their lifespan. 
 Responsibilities 
 The Research Assistant (RA) will report to the Principal Investigator (PI) and Research Manager, and work alongside other research staff and graduate students of Lifestyle Research Team within the Centre for Studies in Family Medicine. The RA incumbent will work on a variety of research activities primarily associated with two research studies: 1) A study focused on healthy lifestyles in men at increased risk for chronic diseases; and 2) A study focused on exercise, hypertension and cognition in older adults. 
 The incumbent will assist in participant recruitment; participant screening and assessments; as well as data collection, data entry, and data cleaning processes. As well, the incumbent will be involved in grant reports, manuscripts and preparation of other documents as necessary. The RA position requires a balance of autonomous, self-directed work as well team-work. 
 Qualifications 
 Education: 
 Minimum:  Master’s Degree in a health-related field 
 Preferred:  Master’s or Doctoral degree in Kinesiology 
 Experience: 
 Minimum:  Experience in a research university setting assisting with research studies 
in a relevant health-related research field 
 Skills, Abilities & Expertise: 
 
 Written and verbal communication skills to clearly express ideas in an objective manner 
 Ability to adapt communication style to suit the situation and audience 
 Proven ability and natural inclination to interact with people, in professional, respectful and diplomatic manner 
 Ability to maintain a positive, outgoing attitude with genuine customer service orientation 
 Creative problem-solving skills and sound professional judgment, especially regarding confidentiality and guidelines in conducting research 
 Competency to maintain confidentiality and treat sensitive information with discretion 
 Ability to work independently and effectively as a member of the team 
 Ability to process information with high levels of accuracy 
 Ability to multi-task and maintain an organized and effective personal work environment 
 Ability to adapt readily and effectively to changing priorities and demands 
 Advanced computer skills in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) 
 
 Western Values Diversity 
 The University invites applications from all qualified individuals. Western is committed to employment equity and diversity in the workplace and welcomes applications from women, members of racialized groups/visible minorities, Aboriginal persons, persons with disabilities, persons of any sexual orientation, and persons of any gender identity or gender expression. 
 Accommodations are available for applicants with disabilities throughout the recruitment process. If you require accommodations for interviews or other meetings, please contact Human Resources at hrhelp@uwo.ca or phone 519-661-2194. 
 Please Note: 
We thank all applicants for their interest; however, only those chosen for an interview will be acknowledged. Please note this position is wholly grant funded. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
