  
 
 Jobs 
 Features 
 Newsletter 
 Login 
 
 Talent  Startup 
 I am a 
 Jobseeker Talent 
 or a 
 Hiring Startup 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign up using linkedin   __ 
 Hello 
 Email 
 Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Sign up for a new account 
 sign in using linkedin   __ 
 Employers  __ 
 Employers  __ 
 __filters __search 
 Filter by category 
 All Jobs Developer Jobs Marketing Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Manager Jobs Customer Support Jobs Sales Jobs Data and Product Jobs Internships Co-Founder Roles Designer Jobs People and Other Jobs 
 Filter by type 
 full-time part-time freelance 
 Advanced Search 
 search jobs __ 
 Business Development Executive 
 at Fixflo 
 go back to Sales Jobs 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 
 apply 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 __London 
 
 
 __fulltime 
 
 
 apply now 
 
 
 
 Company description 
 Market leading, fast-growing, exciting, solution driven, creative, dynamic, fun-loving - welcome to Fixflo! Since launching in 2013, phenomenal growth has resulted in Fixflo becoming the leader in its field. We are a SaaS platform that is fixing repairs and maintenance management for property professionals across 14 time zones. Our company’s industry reputation is exemplary and we have over 40 integration partners in the Proptech space. 
 Our business plan is simple: we want every repair in the world to be reported through a Fixflo system. We are currently used in over 1,500,000 homes across the UK with further expansion into new UK markets planned. 
 Fixflo is a young, dynamic and agile company with bags of personality, where standing out is fitting in. From our Canine Executive to our Heads of Fun, fruit (and biscuit) filled kitchens and a spinning prize wheel - these are just a few of the ingredients that go into making Fixflo what it is! (Please note that you will be required to work from home for the remainder of the year due to the current Covid-19 pandemic) 
 Role: 
 Are you looking to take your career to another level with one of the fastest growing companies in property technology? Are you a passionate, curious, and competitive Business Development Executive/Sales Development Representative with one to two year’s experience of sales development, looking to join an established Sales/Business Development team? Read on, this role might be for you. 
 Your role will involve generating qualified discovery calls/online demonstrations with decision-makers for our Sales Executives so they can cultivate opportunities and sell Fixflo to businesses. This is a great opportunity to join a rapidly growing team where there is plenty of scope for career progression. Your drive and ambition are your limit, not your job title! 
 The ideal candidate will need to be a great communicator, who is confident both on the phone and in writing, intelligent and well-organised. 
 The role will involve: 
 
 researching companies and individuals online to identify new potential leads 
 contacting potential clients via telephone and email to establish rapport and arranging discovery calls/online demonstrations to be passed to one of our Sales Executives 
 ensuring that the sales processes are followed and internal systems are updated accordingly 
 
 In short, you will be part of a team responsible for delivering exceptional sales results and customer service in addition to providing assistance to other areas of the business where required. 
 You’ll be the sort of person who is looking to work in a demanding and fast-paced working environment with a strong teamwork culture, with high aspirations. 
 You will be personable, a good communicator and exhibit good organisational skills. 
 You will need to be comfortable with Salesforce.com and Sales Engagement platforms. 
 Key Responsibilities 
 
 Maintaining the sales process 
 Mapping out target accounts and establishing whether there is a fit 
 Qualifying prospects and arranging Discovery calls/Online demonstrations 
 Allocating Discovery calls/Online demonstrations to Sales Executives according to lead allocation system 
 Updating and managing account information on the Company’s internal systems including any CRM system(s) 
 Quickly responding to and dealing effectively with any issues 
 
 Skills 
 
 Driven, ambitious and confident individual 
 Strong communication skills on the telephone and in writing 
 Strong personality with the ability to inspire confidence and influence others 
 Passionate about ‘going the extra mile’ 
 A team player who works and engages others to achieve results 
 Strong time-management skills 
 
 Requirements 
 The successful candidate must: 
 
 A university degree 
 Have 1-2 year’s Business Development Experience in software 
 Tech saviness is key 
 
 The successful candidate should ideally have: 
 
 B2B SaaS experience 
 Experience mapping out accounts through a variety of methods, including LinkedIn 
 
 Benefits 
 Other than working for an exciting growing company in London, we also offer: 
 
 Competitive base salary 
 The opportunity to have input into the accelerating growth of the company and to work directly with the executive team 
 Gym pass 
 Health insurance 
 Flexible working 
 First Thursday of the month drinks, Friday drinks and lots of socials (think Graffiti workshops, cooking classes, boat/karaoke parties, Halloween quizzes) (We are doing our best to adapt to remote events) 
 A fun work environment with great people 
 
 We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status 
 Please note that we will be working remotely until sometime in Q1/Q2 2021 (as of 23rd November 2020) 
 How do I apply? 
 
 Submit your CV and cover letter (P.S. please tell us why you want to work for us!) 
 Please include the words  “Fixflo December 2020”  at the beginning of your cover letter. If you do not then your application will not be considered and you will not receive a response. 
 
 Please view our privacy policy here 
 Published at 24 Nov 2020 - Expires on 21 Mar 2021 
 You need to be logged in to apply.   Login  or  create an account . 
 Is this job ad fake? Report it! 
 ×  Warning! 
 __get the latest startup jobs emailed to you 
 Developer Jobs Designer Jobs Internships Marketing Jobs Manager Jobs Sales Jobs Co-Founder Roles Data and Product Jobs People and Other Jobs Ops and Finance Jobs Customer Support Jobs 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;  
 and 
  Privacy Policy  
 and Cookie Use. 
 New Jobs Alert created! 
 By creating this alert, you agree to our 
  T&Cs;   
 and 
  Privacy Policy   
 and Cookie Use. 
 
 
 * [Terms of Service](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/terms)
 
 
 Privacy 
 Cookie Policy 
 Acceptable Use Policy 
 Still Hiring 
 
 
 
 * [About Us](https://workinstartups.com/job-board/about)
 
 
 FAQ 
 Cities 
 Contact 
 
 
 
 * [__Facebook](https://www.facebook.com/workinstartups/)
 
 
 __Twitter 
 __Instagram 
 Blog 
 
 
 
 © Copyright Work In Startups 
 This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this site you are agreeing to our use of cookies.  Read more  Close 
