Skip to content 
 
 Sparkling Pre-School and Child Care 
 Pre-school managers journal 
 Menu 
 
 Sparkling Everything! 
 Childcare Consultancy 
 Sparkles PreSchool 
 Millies PreSchool 
 Contact Me 
 
 School Careers Day – with a special moment. 
 March 26, 2019  ~  sparklesandmillies 
 Today I did my annual visit to the local school for their careers day. Rather than sending students out to various work places, the school chooses to bring working people to the students. This year 37 people from different businesses pitched up. 
 We are all asked to give the students a mock interview for a couple of lessons and the give 30 minute presentations about our work. For the presentationI always take toys and make it mostly a practical session. Three reasons for this: 
 
 To help students understand your never to old to play! ( They’re doing their GCSE’s so play is a great de-stressor! ) 
 To get the students to work in groups and get them to compare the way they play together to what it might look like when your 3. Believe me some of the behaviours are similar! 
 To get students to think how and what our children learn 
The students have great fun and it’s a great way to get across what we do. 
 
 This year a very special thing happened. A little voice piped up “I went to Sparkles.” Yes it made me feel old but what a joy to see her. She remembered she didn’t speak any English, and I remember I had to make my handbag child safe so that we could sit and empty the contents and “talk” about them. I asked her what her plans were for the future. She didn’t know, but her friends said how smart she was, to which I replied “ Of course she is, she went to Sparkles!” 
 One more thought. One of the activities I bought in I put a homemade number line with numbers written in Polish, which one Polish student loved. I’m not sure what schools do but maybe we need to think of other ways of making other languages visible and usable in setting at school. Two of the girls I did mock interviews with had not been in this country long, one didn’t speak English what she arrived. Apart from Hello and Welcome signs on display I wondered what was in place to support home language as well as what’s available to help them translate all their lessons! Probably many things but food for thought. 
 A thoroughly enjoyable day with lovely students. See you next Year. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Posted in  Uncategorized 
 Post navigation 
 < Previous Our Latest Training Day Starring Action Amanda Featuring Juliette Davies (strongly) 
 Next > The New Educational Inspection Framework My take on it. 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 What’s REALLY Important 
 LGBTQ+, a short history…in my settings 
 Happy New Year and Decade! 
 No Next Steps 
 The New Educational Inspection Framework My take on it. 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 sparklesandmillies  on  The Cap and Gown thing. 
 
 
 
 
 
 Julie Harris  on  The Cap and Gown thing. 
 
 
 
 sparklesandmillies  on  The Cap and Gown thing. 
 
 
 
 Tracy  on  The Cap and Gown thing. 
 
 
 
 Kim Benham - Early Y…  on  "Keep it Simple: Plannin… 
 
 
 
 Archives 
 
 September 2020 
 July 2020 
 January 2020 
 October 2019 
 July 2019 
 March 2019 
 January 2019 
 September 2017 
 February 2017 
 December 2016 
 September 2016 
 August 2016 
 June 2016 
 May 2016 
 April 2016 
 February 2016 
 January 2016 
 December 2015 
 October 2015 
 September 2015 
 August 2015 
 July 2015 
 June 2015 
 May 2015 
 April 2015 
 March 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 
 Categories 
 
 Activity journal 
 Management journal 
 Personal thoughts 
 Uncategorized 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
