Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Manual Machinist-Aviation 
 MTU Maintenance Canada 
 __Delta, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Reporting to the Team Leader, the incumbent will perform one or more of the following processes in the repair of engine rotables or aircraft components: machine grinding, machine milling, machine turning, hand polishing, CNC operation and programming, general inspection. 
 Core Competencies 
 
 Must possess a provincial machinist trade qualification. 
 Must have completed a recognized apprenticeship with the Company, or have a minimum of 4 years equivalent experience by other means acceptable to Quality Assurance for the implementation of technical work on engines/modules. 
 Must be able to interpret drawings and documentation. 
 Must have knowledge of machine shop equipment. 
 Experience with machining and processes of repairing aircraft engine components would be an asset. 
 Experience with CNC milling and grinding machines would be an asset. 
 
 Key Responsibilities 
 
 Use machining processes to repair engine rotables or aircraft components. 
 Follow direction of shop leadership. 
 Comply with company policy and procedure manuals. 
 Recommend additions or changes to work documents. 
 Advise Leads of tool shortages. 
 Ensure machines are cleaned and maintained. 
 Make suggestions to Team Leaders for process improvements. 
 Keep shop licenses current. 
 Provide on-the-job training as needed. 
 
 Computer Training: 
 Advanced knowledge with Microsoft Operation System Windows 10 
Intermediate/Advanced knowledge with MS Office 2010 
Experience with SAP functions/transactions and system (or similar ERP system) 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Salary: $31.28-$36.04 per hour 
 Benefits: 
 
 Company pension 
 Dental care 
 Disability insurance 
 Employee assistance program 
 Extended health care 
 Life insurance 
 On-site parking 
 Vision care 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 Monday to Friday 
 Overtime 
 
 COVID-19 considerations: 
We have established safety measures (masks, physical distancing and barriers) to keep employees safe. 
 Experience: 
 
 Manual Machining: 1 year (Required) 
 
 Licence: 
 
 Red Seal (Required) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
