Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Registered Nurse 
 Alberta Health Services 
 __Fort Saskatchewan, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Your Opportunity: 
Come and Join our team at the Fort Saskatchewan Community Hospital in the emergency department! The Fort Saskatchewan Community Hospital is an acute care facility, located northeast of Edmonton, offering a range of acute and outpatient care including 24-hour emergency services. In this role, you will be a member of an integrated service delivery team providing care and treatment to clients in the Emergency Department, utilizing professional knowledge, clinical judgment technical and interpersonal skills. In addition, you will provide care to the Emergency room clients within the guidelines and standards of CARNA. You will have the opportunity to work alongside a high functioning team who collaborate closely to share information and support each other and you will gain inclusive and approachable leaders who emphasize training, a robust orientation and professional development. As you expand your experience, you will have the opportunity to advance your clinical skills in multiple areas of practice. You may be required to work in all areas of the Emergency Department at the discretion of the unit manager/charge nurse. To be successful in this role, you will bring good prioritization and assessment skills, strong communication skills, a collaborative approach to working with your interdisciplinary team, and the ability to be flexible and agile in an ever-changing environment. You will also demonstrate compassion and have a strong focus on patient-centered care. If this sounds like the opportunity for you, apply today! 
 Description: 
As a Registered Nurse (RN), you will provide a wide variety of nursing services to patients, families, communities and populations, while taking necessary steps to ensure their safety and well-being. In your role, you will utilize nursing processes, through critical thinking, problem solving and decision making, as well as teach, counsel and advocate on behalf of patients and their families. You will play a leadership role in supporting an integrated and holistic approach to patient care, health promotion and maintenance. You will provide safe, quality patient and family centered care while reflecting the shared vision and values of AHS. 
 Classification:  Registered Nurse 
 Union:  United Nurses of Alberta 
 Department:  TC-General Emergency-EDM 
 Primary Location:  Fort Saskatchewan Comm Hosp 
 Multi-Site:  At (UNA only) 
 FTE:  0.80 
 Posting End Date:  14-DEC-2020 
 Temporary Employee Class:  Temp P/T Benefits 
 Date Available:  24-DEC-2020 
 Temporary End Date:  26-JUN-2021 
 Hours per Shift:  7.75 
 Length of Shift in weeks:  12 
 Shifts per cycle:  46 
 Shift Pattern:  Days, Evenings, Nights, Weekends 
 Days Off:  As Per Rotation 
 Minimum Salary:  $36.86 
 Maximum Salary:  $48.37 
 Vehicle Requirement:  Not Applicable 
 Required Qualifications: 
Completion of an accredited nursing education program. Active or eligible for registration and practice permit with the College and Association of Registered Nurses of Alberta (CARNA). Current Basic Cardiac Life Support - Health Care Provider (BCLS-HCP). 
 Additional Required Qualifications: 
Minimum 1 years of experience tertiary care, emergency or critical care unit. Minimum of two (2) years working experience in medicine, surgery unit, or non-tertiary emergency within the last five (5) years. 
 Preferred Qualifications: 
Current Advanced Cardiac Life Support (ACLS). Current Trauma Nursing Core Course (TNCC). Current Certified Emergency Nurse (CNA or CEN). Current Canadian Triage and Acuity Scale (CTAS). Previous experience as a triage nurse. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
