Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Manufacturing Technician Lead 
 Tilray 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Manufacturing Technician Lead - London, Ontario 
 High Park Company is a wholly-owned subsidiary of Tilray, a global leader in cannabis cultivation, processing, and distribution. Tilray serves patients in Canada and around the world with a diverse range of pharmaceutical-grade medical cannabis products as High Park Company focuses on creating distinctive products for adult Canadian consumers. 
 About High Park Company 
High Park Company was established to develop, sell, and distribute inspiring and iconic adult-use cannabis brands. 
 About Tilray 
Tilray is a global pioneer in cannabis research, cultivation, processing and distribution currently serving tens of thousands of patients in ten countries spanning five continents. 
 Looking to develop your career at the forefront of a rapidly expanding industry? 
 Reporting into the Manufacturing Supervisor, the Manufacturing Technician Lead one will successfully support Downstream Operations (Core Skills & Competencies) as follows: 
 Duties and Responsibilities 
Fostering and role modeling a positive attitude; outlook, willingness to learn and contributing to company success in their teams 
Ensuring the effective execution of Manufacturing tasks within established company policy, procedure and requirements (Safety, Quality, Compliance) 
Train, coach and mentor employees to work at a level of performance identifiable with world class organizations with the goal of continuous process improvement every day 
Lead processes for manufacturing, whole plant breakdown, Flower, Pre- Rolls, Label, Oil extracts etc. 
Identify and communicate with Manufacturing Supervisor any plant concerns 
Responsible for effective completion of daily housekeeping tasks in each processing room and common space within the Facility 
Qualifications and Education Requirements 
Must have High School Diploma or equivalent. 
Minimum six months in a manufacturing technician position at the site 
Basic computer skills considered an asset 
Positive outlook, willingness to learn and contribute to company success 
Maintain confidentiality and attain necessary skills/competencies 
Ability to take direction and follow all company policies/procedures 
Dependable and punctual 
Positive contribution and personal commitment/responsibility 
Must have access to transportation and the ability to travel to the Petrolia location as needed for support 
 High Park welcomes applications from all qualified individuals and is committed to employment equity and diversity in the workplace. 
 Accommodations are available for applicants with disabilities throughout the recruitment process. If you require accommodations for interviews or other meetings, please advise when submitting your application. 
 Please note that High Park does not authorize, engage, or sponsor any consultants, agencies or organizations that seek certain personal or financial information from you (e.g. passwords, login ids, credit card information). High Park does not charge any application, processing or onboarding fee at any stage of the recruitment or hiring process. 
 When replying to emails, please ensure the sender name and email address match exactly. Please also ensure the Reply-To address matches the sending address exactly. 
If you are concerned about the authenticity of an email, letter, or call purportedly from, for, or on behalf of High Park, please send an email inquiry to infosec@tilray.com 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
