
 The Perfect Mother 
 The Perfect Mother Blog is a good-humored approach to motherhood, starting from the models of perfection reinforced by the Media and the Web 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Marusia 
 The blog 
 The analysis 
 The “Unstressing” Manifesto 
 In Portuguese 
 
 Why mothers want to leave their jobs to stay with their children – one side 
 Nov  22 
 Free translation of a report published in Época magazine, nº 474, on July 18th 2007 – Globo (Brazil) 
 Why mothers want to leave their jobs to stay with their children 
 Celso Masson, Martha Mendonça e Solange Azevedo 
 Advantages of having a job, according to the report: 
 
 
 
 For the mother 
 For the family 
 Considerations about the labor market 
 
 
 
 
 She has professional satisfaction 
 The mother who has a job doesn’t throw onto her kids the frustrations for interrupting her career 
 Women are conquering space in the labor market 
 
 
 The woman doesn’t feel isolated or bored (feelings that could cause depression) 
 The mother’s income keeps the standard of living for the kids 
 Interrupting a career temporarily, in order to take care of children, affects the professional future 
 
 
 The woman isn’t seen as “unoccupied” 
 The mother who is self-sufficient economically assures a better quality of life for her kids 
 Women who stop working are outdated and not able anymore 
 
 
 She doesn’t suffer prejudice at home 
 The mother who has a job contributes to her family security, if her husband is fired 
 Employers look for consistent curriculums 
 
 
 As she has financial independence, she doesn’t become vulnerable 
 The mother who has a job contributes to her family security, if her husband dies 
 Women are more productive than men 
 
 
 She has emancipation 
 The husband can help at home (in some countries, maternity leave is a couple’s right) 
 Women can be creative and look for compensative activities, on the financial and professional satisfaction points of view 
 
 
 Professional ascent is an essential condition for the conquest of equal rights 
 The father is not only required to take responsibilities at home, but also makes a point of assuming this role 
 __ 
 
 
 When children grow up, the mother will not feel worthless 
 __ 
 __ 
 
 
 If she leaves her job, she can feel as an intruder at home, of which she no longer has control. 
 __ 
 __ 
 
 
 The work at home is not paid. 
 __ 
 __ 
 
 
 
 You can also see: 
 Why mothers want to leave their jobs to stay with their children – another side 
 Why mothers want to leave their jobs to stay with their children – Analysis 
 Why mothers want to leave their jobs to stay with their children - Marusia speaks 
 This post in Portuguese:  Por que as mães querem deixar o emprego para ficar com os filhos - um lado 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted on November 22, 2011, in  Analysis  and tagged  Family ,  Job . Bookmark the  permalink .  Leave a comment 
 Post navigation 
 <- Why mothers want to leave their jobs to stay with their children – another side 
 The Tooth Fairy -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Search for: 
 Perfect Mother? 
 If you, sometime, have already tried to fit (without success) in the perfect mother examples of the media (as I have), you’re welcome to our blog! “The perfect mother” is a non-pretentious version in English from the  **“Mãe perfeita” ** blog, originally in Portuguese, written by a Brazilian non-perfect, still learning mother and a non-perfect, still learning student of English. 
 It’s an open space to share our experiences (it includes the suggestions to improve my text and language), have fun, “unstress” and find that the only recipe to be a mom is: there are no recipes (all statements to the contrary are immediately revoked). 
 Tags 
 Birth   Body   Breastfeeding   Children   Control   Education   Family   Guilt   Health   Job   Loss   Parenting   Perfect Mother   Pregnancy   The father   Time 
 Categories 
 
 Analysis 
 Books 
 Have fun! 
 Marusia speaks 
 Phrases 
 
 Follow "The Perfect Mother"! 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Recent Posts 
 
 And what is life? 
 Paths 
 The World’s most interesting course 
 If men breastfed 
 On Ballet and bullying 
 
 Archives 
 Archives Select Month May 2016  (1) December 2013  (1) October 2013  (1) August 2013  (2) May 2013  (1) April 2013  (1) February 2013  (1) December 2012  (1) October 2012  (1) September 2012  (1) August 2012  (2) May 2012  (1) April 2012  (2) March 2012  (2) February 2012  (3) January 2012  (1) December 2011  (2) November 2011  (9) October 2011  (8) 
 Blogroll 
 
 Awesomely Awake 
 Miss Lazy has a baby 
 Mostly Bright Ideas 
 The happiest mom 
 The Learner Mom 
 The Parenting Gig 
 The Whole Hearted Mind 
 Unnecessary wisdom 
 Weather me well 
 Writing for Daisies 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
