Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Care Support Assistant, Temporary, Full Time, Evenings 
 Sienna Senior Living 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 If you’re passionate about being a part of a team that is, committed to the Team Member Experience and driven by innovation and growth, then join us! 
 The Care Support Assistant is a critical role within our communities as it impacts the lives of residents and ignites the warmth of human connection. 
 As a Care Support Assistant your typical day will impact in the following ways: 
 
 Provide day to day care and support to each individual resident; to offer a warm, safe environment for each resident, ensuring their comfort and welfare needs are met. 
 Support the residents to prepare and transport to Care Community events that promote a positive resident experience. 
 Acts as a resident companion as directed; provides comfort and support and companionship to the residents. 
 Assists with table/tray preparation, serving of beverages and accompaniments, and serving of food. 
 Completes laundry and housekeeping duties as directed, including, but not limited to, restocking shelves and making beds and transporting personal laundry to and from the laundry to the residents' room and organizing closets and cleaning bedside tables. 
 Participates in admission orientation and the transfer process of the residents as directed. 
 Transports the residents to and from their rooms, recreational activities, health office and dining room as required. 
 Performing other duties as assigned. 
 
 Must haves: 
 
 High school diploma. 
 Safe Food Handling Certificate and WHMIS certificate. 
 Ability to work independently and/ or as a member of a team. 
 Ability to communicate effectively when working with residents, families and visitors. 
 Ability to model the warmth of human connection in communicating with residents, families, and visitors. 
 Effective verbal and written English communication skills required. 
 All applicants must successfully pass the prescribed Vulnerable Sector Check. 
 
 Bonus points for having: 
 
 Experience working with seniors is preferred. 
 
 Act upon your desire to help others and Join Sienna Senior Living as we continue to enhance the lives of those we serve. 
 For Ontario locations, in accordance with the Accessibility for Ontarians with Disabilities Act 2005, upon request, support will be provided for accommodations throughout the recruitment, selection and assessment process. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
