Skip to content Menu 
 
 About 
 Fashion 
 Fitness 
 Food 
 Little things 
 YouTube 
 
 My life as Elizabeth 
 25 year old blogger from Scandinavia. This is where I share my creativity through writing, photography and filming. 
 Tag: career 
 Story of my life 
 Story of my life 
 15/02/201716/02/2017  by  mylifelizabeth  ♥  0 Leave a Comment 
 You know what I've just found out? You can almost never plan anything when you have a baby. Today my plan was to make a YouTube video after a long, long time. I started setting up my camera, finding the right light and position. But before I knew it I had to rush towards a cough and cry, and in that moment knocked over my tripod and camera. It flew to the floor and landed under the bed. When I came back I couldn't get the power on which probably means that it needs to be shipped to reparation. Then after a feed and diaper change I tried again, now with my iPhone. I found the right light and position with the baby next to me. And to my surprise I didn't manage to film more than a minute due to lack of storage. Story of my life. Now the last solution was my MacBook, but after filming with the webcamera, it's neither HD which it said it was and the sound is rubbish. So goodbye YouTube career. Maybe this is the univers telling me to stick to writing? 
 I've lost all the motivation that I woke up to this morning. And it doesn't help that it's grey and foggy outside. I have to try and turn this day around. At least I have good company. 
 Elizabeth 
 camera career cry film filming fun iPhone life moment outside sad story video youtube 
 Search for: 
 YouTube | mylifelizabeth 
 My last YouTube video 
 Follow My life as Elizabeth on WordPress.com 
 Follow my blog via E-mail 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 224 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Statistics 
 
 7,549 hits 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
