  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Doncaster,UK 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Registered Nurse 
 Excellent job opening for a Registered Nurse to work with one of highly reputable company in the Doncaster area . 
 The care home  provides accommodation for those who require nursing or personal care, dementia, diagnostic and screening procedures. 
 The home is based in Doncaster, South Yorkshire. 
 Person-centred care is also offered for mental health conditions, physical disabilities and sensory impairments. 
 The successful nurse will offered an excellent salary of £15.00 per hour plus other benefits such as : 
 1 .Pay for DBS 
 2 .The organisation pays performance related bonuses for staff at all levels throughout the year. 
 This is paid where staff are seen to be going above and beyond what is expected from them. 
 3 .The company awards "Employee of the Month" to the best performer on a monthly basis. 
 4.  The company awards "Employee of the Year" to the best performer of the year. 
 The winner for the year of 2018, was awarded a 5 
 
 
 holiday (inc flights, 5 
 
 
 hotel accommodation, upgrades to sea view rooms, champagne etc) to Malta for 2 people. 
 
 
 The ideal candidate will have the following skills: 
 •          Good nursing skills 
 •          Experience of working with the Elderly 
 •          Excellent understanding of clinical needs of patients 
 •          Strong hands on clinical skills 
 •          Good communication skills 
 •          Passionate 
 •          Hard working 
 You must be Registered Nurse to be considered for this role. 
 
 Reference ID:   3590 
 
 **For more information please call Peter Fit  on 01216380567 or send your CV to contact@jupiterrecruitent.co.uk ** 
 
 
 Location:  Doncaster,UK 
 
 
 Type:  Permanent 
 
 
 Industry:  Medical 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Jupiter Recruitment 
 
 
 Contact:  Peter Fit 
 
 
 Tel:  0121 638 0567 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Reference:  3590 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-23 23:40:02 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Jupiter Recruitment  
 
 
 Apply for Job 
 Share Job 
 
 
   
 
 
   
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
   
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Jupiter Recruitment 
 
 Locality Manager - Supported Living 
 Registered General Nurse or Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Registered General Nurse or Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Registered General Nurse 
 Registered General Nurse 
 Clinical Nurse Specialist 
 Registered General Nurse or Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Registered General Nurse or Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Deputy Manager 
 Registered General Nurse 
 Registered General Nurse or Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Registered General Nurse 
 Head of Care 
 Registered General Nurse 
 Night Nurse 
 Clinical Nurse Specialist 
 Head of Care - Nursing 
 Registered General Nurse or Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Theatre Practitioner 
 Theatre Scrub Nurse 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
