
 Role 
 Description 
 
 Like what you see? Apply Now or hit the back button to search additional career options. 
 Content Writer 
 Apply Now 
 About You 
Are you a creative, compelling writer who makes even the most mundane information sound like must-see TV? Do you relish in turning complex, technical information into simple, succinct, and digestible content? Do you have a flair for making learning engaging and, dare we say, fun? 
About Us 
 We’re a full-service, in-house creative agency within the nation’s largest and highest-rated residential remodeler seeking a Content Writer to craft engaging and effective long-form digital content that will educate, motivate, and inspire our employees. Recognized by Glassdoor, FORTUNE, Inc., and Entrepreneur magazine as one of the top workplaces in the country, our in-house agency is a vibrant, fast-paced, and innovative brand shop nationally recognized for our work, including an integrated marketing campaign resulting in over 2 billion impressions for our brand. 
 The Position 
As a Content Writer, you will work directly with other divisions of our organization, including executives, senior leadership, and department heads to collaborate on ideating and executing our internal learning and development content. You will be empowered to infuse the elements of storytelling into all your work while upholding the integrity of our brand voice and mission. 
 The ideal candidate will have 2 - 3 years of related professional experience with 1 - 2 years of proven experience writing long-form content specializing in training, learning, and development. We’re seeing a proactive taskmaster, team player, and strategic + creative thinker who embraces feedback and is constantly evolving. We’re looking for a self-starter, not an order-taker. 
 The Responsibilities 
 
 Collaborate with executives, department heads, and internal subject matter experts to research and gather relevant information/supporting data and training collateral, including but not limited to, keynote presentations, training manuals, e-books, white papers, online courses, demo videos, and info-graphics. 
 Able to take lengthy product jargon, scripting, concepts, and processes and explain them to a lay audience in clear, digestible steps. 
 Develop a narrative voice that empowers learners while dissecting complex topics down to their components. 
 Maintain knowledge and best practices of technical and instructional content creation through on-going workshops, publications, or professional organizations. 
 Be the dedicated Content Writer for our Learning & Development division while being able to adapt writing style to create inspirational, emotional, clever, and witty short-form copy for a variety of audiences when necessary. 
 Execute additional copy tasks, including but not limited to: email marketing and communications, digital advertisements, corporate initiatives, customer brochures, proofreading and editing, social media, and video scripting. 
 Possess strong self management skills and ability to juggle multiple tasks simultaneously, consistently delivering a high quality product within the project deadlines. 
 Be a positive, inspiring, and valuable addition to our creative team while fostering a culture of respect, inclusion, empathy, and support. 
 
 The Qualifications 
 
 Bachelor's degree or equivalent in English, Education, Journalism, Advertising & Communications, or a related field. 
 2 - 3 years of relevant professional experience, agency background a plus. 
 Strong portfolio representing a range of writing that includes educational, instructional, presentation, and training pieces for digital platforms. 
 Expertise creating content in Pages, Keynote, and Numbers. 
 Strong presentation and verbal communication skills. 
 Exceptional grammar, punctuation, proofing, and editing skills. 
 
 The Perks 
 
 Salary commensurate with experience 
 Full medical, dental, life and disability insurance plans with immediate digital access to physicians across the U.S. 
 Paid Parental Leave and Paid Volunteer Time Off. 
 Free health screenings and rewards for participation in wellness programs 
 Ample paid vacation and holidays 
 A competitive 401(k) retirement savings program, matched by Power. 
 An artfully designed office space to match your creative drive 
 Free food and entertainment on every first Friday of summer 
 Opportunities to further develop skills and attend leadership conferences and summits 
 A robust social program filled with events, and activities, including a company trip to a tropical destination for you and a significant other. 
 
 Apply Now 
 Power Home Remodeling Group is an equal opportunity employer and we are committed to hiring a diverse and talented workforce. 
 ** 
 Thanks again for your interest in PHRG. 
 ** 
 PHRG is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to diversity in our workspace. 
 © Copyright 2021 PHRG - All rights reserved. 
