  
 Menu Bar 
 
 __ 
 
 Go 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Job Search 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 New Graduates 
 Job Sites & Resources 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 
 
 Networking 
 
 Networking Tips 
 Networking Etiquette 
 Networking Events 
 Social Media & Online Networking 
 Elevator Speech 
 Informational Interviews 
 Networking Mistakes 
 FAQ About Networking 
 
 
 
 Cover Letter 
 
 Cover Letter Tips 
 Cover Letter Format 
 Cover Letter Samples 
 Cover Letter Mistakes 
 FAQ About Cover Letter Writing 
 
 
 
 Resume 
 
 Resume Tips 
 Resume Format 
 Resume Template 
 Resume Samples 
 Customizing Your Resume 
 Resume Formatting 
 Ideas & Alternatives 
 Resume Mistakes 
 Resume Writers 
 FAQ About Resume Writing 
 
 
 
 Interview 
 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Questions 
 Interview Skills 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Mistakes 
 Follow Up Interview Email 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Career Advancement 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 Continuing Education 
 Productivity 
 Work Relationships 
 Work Environment 
 Work Life Balance 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 
 Go 
 
  Home   
  Career   
  Work Relationships   
 An Employee’s Guide to Dealing with Human Resources 
 
 An Employee’s Guide to Dealing with Human Resources 
 by Sharon Elber 
 Does your company have a Human Resource Department? Are you having conflict at work and wondering if going to HR is a good idea? This article will help you decide if approaching HR is the right choice for you and your  career . 
 Why Do Companies Have HR Departments? 
 There are a lot of reasons why companies staff a Human Resource Department once they reach a certain size. HR professionals take on important responsibilities that include hiring, training, and managing benefits for employees and management. They are trained to identify and attract top talent, stay on top of employment trends in their industry, and make sure that the company is in compliance with state and federal workforce regulations. 
 HR professionals are also experts on company policies and standard operating procedures. In fact, they often play a pivotal role in implementing changes in policy, for example, by disseminating updates to the workforce. They often develop training programs to keep employees up to date on skills important for their work. And in some cases, they may even provide career guidance for their employees. 
 However, what many people do not realize is that HR professionals are also extensively trained on legal issues regarding common workplace disputes, conflicts, and diversity. And, their training in such matters is biased towards protecting the company from legal liability. 
 Is HR on Your Side? 
 To the extent that your needs are in line with the company's objectives, HR can be a tremendous resource. They may be able to help you navigate your benefits package, locate educational resources to advance your training, or help you deal with a move if you are a recent hire from out of state. 
 However, it is important for all employees to understand that if you find yourself in the position where your own needs are in conflict with the company, HR is not always going to be your best friend. In fact, as representatives that are trained to protect corporate interests, HR can actually be aligned against the interests of employees. 
 For example, if you have a grievance with your supervisor, it might seem like marching down to HR is a good idea. However, it may be in the interest of the company to maintain harmony at work and your complaint could be taken as evidence of trouble making. 
 Remember that as staff move up the corporate ladder, it becomes more difficult and expensive to conduct a hiring effort to replace a worker or manager. Thus, it may be in the interest of the company, as well as HR, to keep a bad manager and replace you rather than give your complaint the respect you believe it deserves. 
 When to Get Outside Help 
 Unfortunately, if you are having issues at work that are serious enough to take to HR, you might be best off talking with an attorney outside of the company before even approaching HR. When you hire a lawyer who specializes in workplace law, you can be certain that they will take your interests and rights seriously and give you the tools and language you need to advocate for your case. 
 In addition, a lawyer can help you prep for taking your case to HR, making sure that you have a clear understanding of your rights under the law, the tactics the employer is likely to take to protect themselves or management, and a better picture of what you might expect in terms of a fair resolution. 
 Examples of when to contact an attorney outside of the company before going to HR include (but are not limited to): 
 
 Sexual harassment towards you or another employee 
 Hostile work environments 
 Racism, sexism, ageism, homophobia or other forms of discrimination in the workplace 
 Violations of the law by management or other employees 
 Failure to meet ADA accommodations 
 Potential change in your health or disability status 
 Chronic problems with safety in the workplace 
 Whistleblowing of any kind 
 
 If you work in a union shop, then you have the advantage of working with your union rep. Unlike HR departments, union representatives defend the rights of labor when there are problems in the workplace. However, beware that if the issue is with another employee, then there may be a conflict of interest that could make talking with an attorney a prudent move. 
 Make the Most of What HR Does Offer 
 Despite the fact that HR might not always be on your side when things are going wrong at work, they are definitely a resource that can help you advance your career, take advantage of all of the benefits available to you, and even learn about opportunities to receive advanced training or financial help for continuing education. 
 Here are some more examples of how your Human Resource Department may help your career: 
 
 Help you navigate benefits such as health insurance or retirement plans 
 Offer aid in getting your spouse hired either within the company or with a local partner 
 Make you aware of tuition assistance or even free educational programs 
 Connect you with a career mentor 
 Help you better understand corporate policies and how they apply to your job 
 Make you aware of potential openings within the company for advancement 
 
 Because HR professionals have their thumb on the pulse of hiring and employee development, having a good relationship with them may play an important role in your advancement at your current company. In other cases, they may even provide a reference for you in a future job search. Try to keep your relationship with HR positive so that you will be considered in the best light when opportunities arise. 
 Career Center 
 
 Career Advancement 
 Compensation & Benefits 
 Continuing Education 
 Productivity 
 Work Relationships 
 Work Environment 
 Work Life Balance 
 
 Recommended Articles 
 Career Center 
 
 Career Advancement 
 Compensation & Benefits 
 Continuing Education 
 Productivity 
 Work Relationships 
 Work Environment 
 Work Life Balance 
 
 Become a Contributor 
 We are always on the lookout for good writers. If you are a resume writer, career coach or human resources professional and would like to contribute, please  get in touch  and earn your badge! 
 
 WorkBloom's goal is to help you find work and reach your highest aspirations, one step at a time. 
 Featured Resources 
 
 Resume Writing 101  __ 
 Over 300 Resume Samples  __ 
 Cover Letter Writing 101  __ 
 Over 200 Cover Letter Samples  __ 
 The Holland Codes / RIASEC  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Job Search Center  __ 
 Networking Center  __ 
 Cover Letter Center  __ 
 Resume Center  __ 
 Interview Center  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Career Center  __ 
 Students & New Graduates Center  __ 
 Contributors  __ 
 Contact Us  __ 
 
 Copyright © 2006-2021 | All Rights Reserved |  Privacy Policy 
 × 
 Send 
