
 Home 
 Legal 
 Sitemap 
 
 Kelly Services is one of the most popular employment agencies in the US. Best known for temporary jobs, the company began operations in 1946, and now offers positions in more than 30 countries around the world. It has more than 500,000 workers around the globe. Ranked Number 8 on the FlexJobs 2019 list, Kelly Services has moved up two notches for 2020. 
 That puts contact tracers in high demand. In fact, a recent report from Johns Hopkins Bloomberg School of Public Health estimates that the nation needs about 100,000 new contact tracers to help manage the COVID-19 outbreak. But you can still expect the competition to be fierce for this remote position. Education and work experience requirements vary by employer, but the CDC’s job posting specifies that at least a high school diploma is required, and a bachelor’s degree is preferred. Otherwise, the major requirements include strong communication abilities — you’ll spend most of your time on the phone closely following a script — computer skills and empathy. Being multilingual may help boost your chances of getting hired. Training is provided. (Even if you’re not planning to be a contact tracer, you can take a free online six-hour training course developed by Johns Hopkins, just to learn more about COVID-19.) Work From Home   
 If you’re looking for a work-at-home position, even among some of the employers listed above, you should be aware that not all such positions will be readily available. You may have to go on the company’s careers page or job board and enter terms such as “work-at-home”, “work-from-home”, “remote position”, or something similar. This will be especially important if most of the jobs offered by an employer are on-site. 
 Many of the positions are academically oriented, particularly in teaching, though they offer many other opportunities. These include general management and administration, sales and marketing, technology, operations and customer service, finance and business intelligence. They even offer creative positions, designing the learning experience. Subcategories include branding, graphic and interactive design, campaigns, user experience, and video and animation.






Lionbridge is currently hiring corporate associates in technology, finance, marketing and sales, as well as translators and interpreters. One interesting subcategory is testers, raters and curators. These home-based positions are open to college students, as well as home-based workers. Industries serviced including banking and finance, gaming, manufacturing, legal services, and life sciences.
 
 _Appen once again took the top spot on the FlexJobs list. The Australia-based technology services company also has offices in the US, as well as employment opportunities in more than 130 companies. In fact, the company claims more than one million contractors employed globally. As you might expect, they work with some of the biggest companies in the world, especially large technology organizations. Work From Home Jobs  _ 
 × 
 
 Work From Home Jobs  Contact us at webmaster@workatwca.com |  Sitemap txt  |  Sitemap 
