Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Senior Mechanical Engineer, STM Project, Motorized Equipment 
 Stantec 
 __Montréal, QC 
 Apply Now 
 Want to act in the collective interest? 
 At Stantec, we are at our best when we innovate together, where collective interest, creativity and customer needs come together. We are guided every day by our imagination, ingenuity and a deep understanding of the society around us. 
 We are a global network of 22,000 employees in 400 offices on six continents. Founded in Canada, Stantec is today the third largest engineering firm in North America. 
 Here in Quebec, we are a team of 1500 engineers, professionals, designers, project managers and technicians. Our 20 offices can count on strong and committed local leadership. 
 If you are an experienced design and construction mechanical engineer, come and contribute to the realization of a major underground facility that will improve the mobility of our citizens. 
 The facility near Côte-Vertu station will accommodate the AZUR cars that are gradually being added to the STM's fleet of trains. The overall cost of the engineering and construction of this imposing underground complex is over $440 million. 
 Be part of a project team integrated into the heart of our client's operations and take part in the partnership that has existed between Stantec and the STM for more than 20 years. 
 Your responsibilities 
 Designing the smoke extraction system for metro network infrastructures, the pumping system required to evacuate infiltration water, lifting equipment and freight elevators. 
Possess a good knowledge of HVAC and building automation systems. 
Research, design, analyze and recommend various technical solutions. 
Carry out or supervise the estimation, surveys and preparation of plans and specifications. 
Verify shop drawings including installation methods. 
Write and approve technical reports. 
Answer technical questions, coordinate changes. 
Coordinate activities with other disciplines. 
Provide technical support to colleagues and the client. 
 Your background 
 Bachelor's degree in mechanical engineering. 
Minimum of 15 years of relevant experience, ideally in consulting engineering and/or in infrastructure or mining works. 
Member of the Ordre des ingénieurs du Québec; 
Knowledge of CSA B44 and B125 codes as well as industrial automation and plumbing. 
ASP Construction card. 
Team spirit and sense of initiative. 
Proactive; Resourceful, autonomous and flexible. 
 What we offer 
 Regular full-time downtown position:  37.5 or 40 hours per week. 
Competitive compensation. 
Reimbursement of professional association membership fees. 
Flexible group insurance plan. 
Group RRSP. 
Employee Share Ownership Plan. 
Training and skills development program. 
#LI-QC 
 Job:  Mechanical Engineer 
 Primary Location:  Canada-Quebec-Montréal 
 Employee Status:  Regular 
 Job Level:  Individual Contributor 
 Travel:  Yes, 10 % of the Time 
 Schedule:  Full-time 
 Req ID:  200001XI 
 Stantec provides equal employment opportunities to all qualified employees and applicants for future and current employment and prohibit discrimination on the grounds of race, color, religion, sex, national origin, age, marital status, genetic information, disability, protected veteran status, sexual orientation, gender identity or gender expression. We prohibit discrimination in decisions concerning recruitment, hiring, referral, promotion, compensation, fringe benefits, job training, terminations or any other condition of employment. Stantec is in compliance with local, state and federal laws and regulations and ensures equitable opportunities in all aspects of employment. EEO including Disability/Protected Veterans 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
