Skip to content 
  Working, living & Travelling in Ireland  
 Main Menu 
 
 Working in Ireland Menu Toggle
 
 Foreign Language jobs in Ireland 
 Jobs/ job announcements in Ireland 
 Recruitment Agencies Ireland 
 
 
 Living in Ireland Menu Toggle
 
 Accommodation in Ireland 
 Help with feeling down ? 
 
 
 Travel Menu Toggle
 
 Gort Cycle Trails in the Burren Lowlands Menu Toggle
 
 Ardrahan Drumharsna Castle and Old Irish Milestones Looped Cycle Trail 
 Labane to Bingham Mausoleum in Adrahan looped cycle 
 
 
 
 
 About me! 
 Work With Me! Menu Toggle
 
 Small business interviews West of Ireland 
 
 
 Have a question? Contact me ! 
 
 Galway Language jobs- take your pick! 
 Leave a Comment  /  Uncategorized  / By    Katleen  
 Hi all, 
As you might know, I am based in Galway, and I have noticed that the recruitment freeze that many companies had for most of last year has been lifted, as there are at least 3 companies hiring in Galway, which is very encouraging. 
 Languages are a must, Experience helpful 🙂 and a degree essential in some. 
 if you are so fortunate to get an interview I would recommend as a starting point to double check at the   start  of the interview what position you are exactly applying for( they may have many) and what the requirements are( both experience, education etc.) as I recently sat through an one and hour interview to be told at the very end I couldn't apply for a particular position because I didn't have a degree. If the job/requirements had been laid out from the start, it would have been more beneficial for both parties:) I see it as experience, and it won't happen again! 
 So… who is recruiting… in no particular order.. 
   www.csnstores.com 
   www.streamserve.com 
 www.sap.com 
 
 
All these can be found on http://www.jobs.ie but I have also noticed that some of the recruitment agencies are having these jobs on their books  too! So once you have applied directly, a recruitment agency will not take your application further, as the company HAS your CV. If however you haven't applied for the job directly the recruitment company will work with the recruiting company to arrange interviews etc. 
 Should you go direct or via a recruitment agency? Most of the  jobs I have secured I did go through a recruitment agency, as the jobs were not very visibly advertised. As the majority of jobs are now clearly advertised and you can apply directly, it's definately a route I would explore ( and I wonder if it would increase your salary negotations, as they didn't have to pay an external recruiter, just a thought 🙂 ) 
Let me know if you have found this helpful! 
Katleen 
 Share this: 
 
 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 WhatsApp 
 
 
 
 Email 
 
 
 
 Pocket 
 
 
 More 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Print 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share on Tumblr 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Share this 
 
 
 
 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous Post 
 Next Post -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 This site uses Akismet to reduce spam.  Learn how your comment data is processed . 
 Workinglivingtravellinginireland 
 
 Workinglivingtravellinginireland 
 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 Pages 
 
 About me! 
 Accommodation in Ireland 
 Foreign Language jobs in Ireland 
 Google Local Guide 
 Gort Cycle Trails in the Burren Lowlands 
 Have a question? Contact me ! 
 Help with feeling down ? 
 Jobs/ job announcements in Ireland 
 Living in Ireland 
 Recruitment Agencies Ireland 
 Small business interviews West of Ireland 
 Travel 
 Work With Me! 
 Working in Ireland 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 51,366 hits 
 
 Copyright (C) 2021 Working, living & Travelling in Ireland | Powered by  Astra WordPress Theme 
 With Google+ plugin by Geoff Janes and Thorsten Hake 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
