Skip to primary content 
 The Traveling Librarian 
 Anything and everything about how to become involved in libraries beyond your doorstep. 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 Book Resources 
 Int'l & Comp Lib Info 
 Sarah P. Gibson 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous   Next -> 
 Job: Head Systems Librarian 
 Posted on  November 7, 2017  by   sarahgprescott 
 11.6.17 -  Head Librarian: Systems 
University of the West Indies, Mona Campus, Jamaica 
 Sarah P’s comments  : I do not personally know anywhere who has been employed here but here the  Glassdoor  reviews which are generally positive. FYI: This is the fourth position they have posted this year. 
 Application Due: Open Until Filled 
 Salary: 30000 to 40000 USD Per Year 
 The University of the West Indies (UWI) is a dynamic, international institution serving the countries of the Commonwealth Caribbean. Its faculties offer a wide range of undergraduate, masters and doctoral programmes in Humanities and Education, Science and Technology, Engineering, Law, Medical Sciences and the Social Sciences. At 68 years old, the institution represents the oldest of its kind within the region and has been responsible for producing outstanding leaders who have aided in catapulting regional development. 
The successful candidate will be responsible for providing leadership and strategic direction for deployment of technology in the Mona Library including digital initiatives and the Library's management systems. 
 The ideal candidate will possess the initiative, flexibility, and creativity to manage projects both independently and as part of a team in a dynamic work environment. The candidate should be able to handle complex, detailed systems work while maintaining a positive, service-oriented attitude. Key responsibilities will include: 
 · Having overall responsibility for the Mona Library's information technology systems and services; 
· Having energetic leadership in library digital initiatives, the development of the Library Integrated System and related products as well as web initiatives; 
· Assisting in the formulation and implementation of strategy, policy and procedures, particularly in terms of ILS management and library automation; 
· Working in conjunction with MITS (Mona Information Technology Services) in the provision of ICT to the libraries including general desktop applications, network and wireless infrastructure; 
· Working in conjunction with other UWI Campus Libraries in joint initiatives such as the University Institutional Repository, Research Databases and the Single Virtual University Space. 
Essential Qualifications and Experience: 
· Master's degree in Library and Information Studies or equivalent; 
· Five (5) years' experience in a supervisory position in Systems related environment; 
· Experience with the use of advanced technologies in providing library services. 
 Preferred Qualifications/Experience and Abilities, Skills And Attributes: 
· Qualifications in Computer Science, Information Science, or Information Systems would be a distinct advantage. 
Applicants are required to submit a resume giving full particulars of qualifications, experience, the names and addresses of three (3) referees (one of whom should be from your present organization) and copies of academic qualifications. These should be sent by electronic mail to hrmd.sed@uwimona.edu.jm addressed to the Campus Registrar for the attention of the Director, Human Resource Management Division, The University of the West Indies, Mona Campus, Kingston 7, Jamaica. The final date for receipt of applications is November 27, 2017. Applicants are advised to ask their referees to send reports under confidential cover to the above address without waiting to be contacted. 
The University thanks all applicants. However, due to the volume of applications, only shortlisted candidates will be contacted. 
 The University of the West Indies, Mona Campus…… Inspiring Excellence, Producing Leaders 
 APPLICATION INFORMATION 
 Postal Address: 
 Director 
Human Resource Management Division 
The University of the West Indies, Mona Campus 
Human Resource Management Division 
Kingston 
Jamaica 
 Phone: 
 1876-970-6761 
 Email Address: 
 hrmd.sed@uwimona.edu.jm 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 LinkedIn 
 Twitter 
 Pinterest 
 Tumblr 
 Reddit 
 Email 
 Print 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 This entry was posted in  International Jobs  and tagged  International Librarianship  by  sarahgprescott . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
