WORK WITH INDIES beta 
 Browse Jobs 
 Art & Animation 
 Audio 
 Business & Operations 
 Design 
 Marketing & Community 
 Production 
 Programming 
 QA & CS 
 Writing 
 Post a Job 
 Back to all jobs See allProductionjobs 
 Associate Producer 
 Homo Ludens Apply for this Job 
 Posted 
 January 10, 2021 
 Full Time 
 Paris, FR 
 Remote 
 We are looking for an Associate Producer to join our team and help us design, produce and operate our games. In addition to optimizing internal processes and supervising development and LiveOps teams, your assignments will also include work to identify project needs and appropriate responses, both internally and externally. 
 You know the video game development profession, want to help the team produce the best possible titles while respecting studio constraints and know how to easily adapt to new environments. 
 ‍ 
 **In a development team of ten people, and under the responsibility of our Producer, you will be in charge of: 
** 
 
 
 Contribute to the Production planning and the Roadmap of our games, then ensure their proper execution by ensuring their follow-up. 
 
 
 Organize the work and priorities of a multidisciplinary team and ensure good communication between its poles. 
 
 
 Contribute to ensuring the quality of the final product and its proper delivery to various distributors. 
 
 
 Ensure good communication between the team and external partners. 
 
 
 Participate in the continuous improvement of tools and production processes. 
 
 
 Identify team and project needs and then ensure they are addressed. 
 
 
 ‍ 
 Candidate Profile 
 We are looking for a person with: 
 
 
 At least 4 years of experience in the video game industry, in a production or QA coaching role. 
 
 
 Demonstrated ability to drive quality deliverables on time. 
 
 
 Good knowledge of the uses and best practices of the video game industry. 
 
 
 Mastery of office automation tools, bug / task tracking (Gitlab) 
 
 
 Ability to communicate impeccably in writing and orally, in French and English. 
 
 
 Positive attitude, proactivity, team spirit and kindness towards the different stakeholders in the project. 
 
 
 ‍ 
 Will be considered more: 
 
 
 Mastery of development tools specific to the poles. 
 
 
 Experience in managing interactions with external partners. 
 
 
 Experience in a QA role. 
 
 
 ‍ 
 Additional Information 
 Advantages : 
 
 
 Competitive compensation 
 
 
 Incentive in the form of shares (BSPCE) 
 
 
 Good mutual insurance coverage at 100% (Alan) 
 
 
 Strong employee accountability in corporate governance 
 
 
 ‍ 
 Homo Ludens is attached to the values ​​of diversity and co-education, and encourages you to apply without distinction of gender identity, ethnicity, religion or belief, sexual orientation, social status, disability or age. We are aware that some candidates are likely not to apply because they do not think they correspond to the archetype of the person sought. We encourage you to apply as we will pay special attention to your applications. 
 ‍ 
 How to Apply 
 Please provide your CV, cover letter, references, website (if applicable) via  this form  addressed to "Recruitment Manager". 
 ‍ 
 ‍  ‍ 
 About Homo Ludens 
 Homo Ludens is an independent video game studio built on the simple idea of ​​respecting all players in the industry, gamers or professionals. 
 From this simple idea are born several wishes: 
 
 Create quality games, respecting the time invested by our players. 
 An ambitious social policy within the company, through a strong empowerment of employees and a diversification of profiles. 
 Organize a community based on transparency and discussion around our games. 
 
 Apply for this Job 
 related jobs 
 Robot Entertainment is hiring a Art Producerto join their team into work fromAnywhereArt ProducerRobot Entertainment | AnywhereLearn More 
 Homo Ludens is hiring a Associate Producerto join their team into work fromParis, FRAssociate ProducerHomo Ludens | Paris, FRLearn More 
 IGN is hiring a Video Producerto join their team into work fromS.F. or L.A. Video ProducerIGN | S.F. or L.A. Learn More 
 Tender Claws is hiring a Junior Producerto join their team into work fromLos Angeles, CAJunior ProducerTender Claws | Los Angeles, CALearn More 
 Fullbright is hiring a Executive Producerto join their team into work fromPortland, ORExecutive ProducerFullbright | Portland, ORLearn More 
 Stoic is hiring a Senior Producerto join their team into work fromAnywhereSenior ProducerStoic | AnywhereLearn More 
 Indie games are wonderful. So are the people that make them. 
 Make wonderful games. Be wonderful people. Work With Indies. 
 Thank you for joining the Work With Indies newsletter! The next issue will arrive on Sunday. 
 Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again. 
 *Sign up to receive a weekly digest of new indie career opportunities. 
 WORK WITH INDIES 
 We’ve been lucky to have some incredible jobs working at and partnering with some of the biggest brands in video games. 
 But we’ve never had more fun and been more fulfilled than when we were working with indie game developers. 
 Everyone in games should have that much fun. 
 Our hope is that Work With Indies will connect job seekers with the most rewarding, most inspirational, and most fun jobs they've ever had. 
 NAVIGATION 
 
 Post a Job 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 RSS 
 Communities 
 Nick's Cat 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 
 nathan@workwithindies.com 
 twitter.com/workwithindies 
 facebook.com/workwithindies 
 
 ^ 
 Made by 
 @natethenate 
 and 
 @nsuttner 
 for people who 
 indie games. 
 © 2021  A Lot of Happy LLC 
