Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 General Administrative Assistant II 
 University Health Network 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 The Energy of the City. The Rewards of a Great Career. 
 The University Health Network, where “above all else the needs of patients come first”, encompasses Toronto General Hospital, Toronto Western Hospital, Princess Margaret Cancer Centre, Toronto Rehabilitation Institute and the Michener Institute of Education at UHN. The breadth of research, the complexity of the cases treated, and the magnitude of its educational enterprise has made UHN a national and international resource for patient care, research and education. With a long tradition of groundbreaking firsts and a purpose of “Transforming lives and communities through excellence in care, discovery and learning”, the University Health Network (UHN), Canada’s largest research teaching hospital, brings together over 16,000 employees, more than 1,200 physicians, 8,000+ students, and many volunteers. UHN is a caring, creative place where amazing people are amazing the world. Find out about our purpose, values and principles here. 
 POSITION: 
In 2018, the provincial government launched the Low Back Rapid Access Clinics (LBRACs). This network includes 16 regional hospitals, >5,500 primary care providers (PCPs), >150 community based advanced practice providers (APPs), 17 regional Practice Leads (PLs), and > 60 spine surgeons with specialized low back pain management expertise. LBACs utilize a web-based case management system that enables the efficient delivery of connected back pain care across the province. The ISAEC Operations team provides digital support for the CMS platform as well as clinic, education and administrative leadership for this large provincial team. 
 The primary focus of this role will be to provide administrative support to the ISAEC Operations leadership team and digital support to clinical and non-clinical users of the CMS. This will involve working collaboratively with the team to support the delivery of patient care, the development and delivery of educational materials, webinars, online and onsite training, and be a primary point of contact for the provincial users of the CMS, regional hubs, and other key stakeholders. 
 Responsibilities will include: 
Support the delivery of patient care for LBRACs 
Provide user support for the digital platform for clinical and non-clinical users 
Support the development and delivery of education resources 
Support the development and delivery of provincial webinars 
Support current and future ISAEC Operations initiates that enhance the digital platform experience and improve clinical knowledge of the providers 
Work collaboratively and communicate regularly and effectively with all members of the ISAEC Operations team 
 Duties include but are not limited to the following 
 Support new and existing user queries and customer support (>5000 PCPs,> 150 spine rehab providers and non-clinical support staff) 
Triage, manage, resolve and/or investigate emails that are delivered to the ISAEC inbox 
Address CMS customer access and performance issues 
Provide insight into user support requests and participate in weekly meetings with the vendor 
Register new users into CMS system in compliance with privacy and security standards 
Co-ordinate new user training sessions (group and/or individual) 
Provide one on one user support through video or phone conferencing 
Maintain updated user demographics in the CMS 
Manage FAQs and material for CMS daily operations 
Manage PCP inquires, online training, onboarding to CMS and referral privileges 
Co-ordinate provincial webinars with key stakeholders at both an administrative level (regional hub directors and managers) and a clinical level (APPs and PLs) 
Support the creation of resources and education material to support the delivery of clinical care for LBRACs – ie. videos for CMS, patient and provider videos for virtual care, virtual care toolkit, PL recorded clinical cases, PL and APP radiology course 
Manage shared drive with all relevant documentation for the ISAEC Operations Team 
Maintain updated contact lists for RH administrators, PLs, APPs and CIO users 
Manage all phone inquiries 
Co-ordinate either an onsite or virtual clinic day for both the APP and PL 
Facilitate referrals and bookings to specialists - including radiology, surgery, anesthesiology 
Collect wait-time data for specialist intervention (interventional anesthesiology, spine surgery) 
Run reports for quality management and quarterly reporting 
Co-ordinate calendar and scheduling of team meetings 
Manage invoices, VISA, and phones bills 
Participate collaboratively and regularly with the ISAEC Operations team 
Provide support to the LBRAC Clinical and Administrative Program Leads 
Duties as assigned by the members of the ISAEC Operations Leadership team 
 QUALIFICATIONS: 
Minimum one (1) year practical and related experience. 
Ability to effectively operate computer software and very comfortable with digital technology 
Strong analytical and problem solving skills with the ability to systematically analyze situations/issues, identify options, draw logical conclusions and determine/recommend practical courses of action. 
Demonstrates ability to work with both internal and external stakeholders 
Experience with data management and supporting/utilizing data management systems. 
Be able to maintain attention to detail. 
Strong interpersonal, verbal and written communication skills. 
Strong organizational and time management skills. 
Self-motivated and results driven team player who can work independently. 
Able to work with minimal supervision on simple and complex tasks. 
Able to work with multidisciplinary teams in a positive and productive manner. 
Able to effectively deal with high priority unscheduled tasks and problems. 
Demonstrates understanding of the healthcare environment and UHN 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
