Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Marketing and Recruitment Officer 
 Lakehead University 
 __Barrie, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Marketing and Recruitment Officer 
 Lakehead University – Georgian College Partnership 
 3-month contract 
 Competition #OR-20-10 
 Reporting to the Marketing, Communications and Web Development Director (Lakehead), the Director, Recruitment (Undergraduate) (Lakehead) and the Manager, Marketing and Recruitment (Georgian), this position will play a crucial role in the success of the Lakehead University-Georgian College Partnership (Lakehead-Georgian) with respect to attracting, recruiting and retaining students. 
 This position is responsible for the development and implementation of the Lakehead-Georgian Partnership marketing and student recruitment strategies. The Officer will be actively involved in the development and implementation of integrated digital and traditional marketing campaigns, recruitment and conversion of students by coordinating and representing Lakehead-Georgian at events, such as high school visits, community events, career fairs, and other venues across the County of Simcoe (At the current time all these events are being held virtually). As a Lakehead-Georgian ambassador, you will build and maintain relationships with key influencer groups including guidance counsellors, teachers, and parents. This position will also be responsible for the development of the partnership's marketing and communication materials – traditional and digital marketing assets (social media, website, brochures, etc.) – and communication with prospective students and accepted applicants. 
 Candidates for this position must have a university degree, with a minimum of three to five years of experience in a related capacity. Education, training or experience in marketing, public relations, or student recruitment preferred. An outstanding communicator with demonstrated verbal and written communication skills, you have excellent time management, analytical and organizational abilities with a strong independent work ethic. You have proven experience and expertise developing and implementing integrated marketing, communications and recruitment plans for multiple audiences, demonstrating knowledge of communications and marketing skills with an ability to incorporate both traditional and new media technologies into campaign activities. You must have a demonstrated ability to foster, develop and maintain successful working relationships with multiple audiences. Sensitivity to privacy issues and a flexible work schedule is expected for this position. A Class G driver's licence is required due to travel requirements. 
This position is based out of the Georgian College Barrie Campus. Due to the COVID-19 pandemic, this position will require the incumbent to work remotely from home, until otherwise instructed. 
 Interested applicants are invited to submit a cover letter and resume with the names and contact information of three references to: 
 Office of Human Resources 
 Lakehead University 
 500 University Avenue, Orillia, ON L3V 0B9 
 We appreciate your interest; however, only those selected for an interview will be notified. 
 Lakehead University is committed to creating a diverse and inclusive environment and welcomes applications from all qualified individuals including women, racialized persons, Indigenous people, persons with disabilities and other equity-seeking groups. All qualified candidates are encouraged to apply; however, Canadian citizens and permanent residents will be given priority. This is in accordance with Canadian immigration requirements. 
 Lakehead University is committed to supporting an accessible environment. Applicants requiring accommodation during the interview process should contact the Office of Human Resources at (705) 330-4008 ext. 2011 to make appropriate arrangements. 
 Reference ID: Competition #OR-20-10 
 Contract length: 3 months 
 Job Types: Full-time, Contract 
 Schedule: 
 
 8 hour shift 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
