[ 
 
 
 ](https://p4digitalblog.wordpress.com/) 
 Menu 
 
 About 
 
 Search for: 
 The New Machine Age and Jobs 
 A few weeks ago we talked about how evolving technologies are giving many jobs the death penalty. 
 Careers that were staples of society ten, five or even two years ago are no longer viable job opportunities. The technologies they use or provide are just, obsolete. Even Journalists are no longer safe. Shaw communications just laid off 400 workers on April 14th, and the CBC announced that 650 of its employees (8% of their entire workforce) were being let go. 
 This of course leads to issues about why Canadian Universities are training youth for jobs that no longer exist, and what that means for the future of Canada - but we're already talked about that. 
 Actually, you can check out that article  HERE  if you're interested. 
 Today we're going to address something different, and a little less pessimistic. We've talked about jobs that are dying out, but what about the new jobs that are being created? 
 SOCIAL MEDIA MANAGER 
 Take me for example. My official title is the 'Social Media Manager at P4Digital.' What does that mean? Well, I am the woman behind the keyboard at my company. I manage a wide variety of social media platforms (from WordPress to Twitter), I answer all the questions that people fire at the company, I keep my co-workers informed on going ons in the world, and I produce content for this fantastic Blog! 
 It is a full time job, and one that keeps me on my toes. 
 The thing is though - this job didn't exist five years ago. Oh sure, there were marketing managers, analog players in a world that didn't really run in real time but thanks to the onslaught of social media, companies don't have the option to be analog anymore. You need someone behind the keyboard to manage branding and company issues in real time. Hence, the birth of the Social Media Manager. 
 Things are changing quickly. 
 PREDICTING THE FUTURE 
 Figuring out what jobs are going to be popular in the future is not a new idea. There is an entire procedure that the Canadian Government goes through to try to predict what future careers will look like. It's called COPS. 
 Employment and Social Development Canada use this data to make projections about the future of labour supply and demand. The last report was released in 2011 and deals with projections from 2011 to 2020. You can check out their most recent report for yourself  HERE . 
 Most major countries have a division similar to COPS. The UKCES (UK Commission for Employment and Skills) is used in the United Kingdom. The Bureau of Labor Statistics has the Employment Projects (EP) Program in the Untied States. This is not a new concept, or a very unique one. 
 CAREER RENAISSANCE 
 What jobs will be big in the future? Lets start in the present. Many jobs today did not exist at all ten years ago. In fact, the top ten in demand jobs in 2010 did not exist in 2004. Some of these include: 
 
 
 SEO Specialist 
 
 
 
 
 
 Web/Online Analyst 
 
 
 Chief Digital Officer (CDO) 
 
 
 
 There are many more: 
 
 App Developer 
 Data Miner 
 Admissions Consultants 
 Millennial generational Expert 
 Social Media Manager 
 Could Computing Technologist 
 Sustainability Expert 
 User Experience (UX) Designer. 
 
 The skills that are needed for these jobs show that  digital literacy  is incredibly important. In addition to other skills like  creativity, critical thinking, problem solving, and entrepreneurship. 
 THE NEW MACHINE AGE 
 What jobs will be common in the future? There's really is no way to tell for sure, but reports like COPS and experts can guess. 
 Andrew McAfee is an Economist and one such expert. 
 
 "In the world we are creating very quickly, we are going to see things that look more and more like science fiction and less and less like jobs." 
 
 He was a speaker at a TED Talk back in June of 2013. The video is below. 
 He predicts that Siri will eventually take over Customer Service positions, and self driving cars will eliminate the need for Truck Drivers. 
 It will be the end of drudgery and toil. Jobs of the future will belong to the innovators. When we are able to print a 3D object as easily as we print a document, the hobbyists suddenly become the creators. Passion and doing what you love will take on a whole new meaning. 
 What will the jobs of the future be then? Well, Futurist Thomas Frey predicts they will be something like this: 
 
 Augmented reality Architects:  Similar to the reality that Google Glass Provides, but on a much larger scale. 
 Alternative Currency Bankers:  The Rise of Bitcoin and other digital currencies. According to Javelin Strategies, 20% of all online trades are already done with alternative currencies. 
 Locationists:  People who specialize in adding the relevance of 'place' into our top global online communities. 
 3D Printing Engineers:  Experts in 3D Printing Technology 
 Privacy Managers:  How to deal with privacy in a Digital Age. 
 
 He goes on to list many more jobs, each more fantastical than the last. You can see them all for yourself  HERE 
 Ten years ago, we didn't have Facebook. Twenty years ago the Internet didn't even exist! Who knows what jobs will be born a decade from today. One thing we can safely assume is that it will be run by a generation with new and different values than what we have today. 
 -- 
 Amanda Portelli, Social Media Manager at P4Digital 
 Follow us on Twitter @pfourdigital 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Posted in  Business ,  Education ,  Employment ,  News ,  Technology  and tagged  Careers ,  Future ,  Jobs ,  Social Media ,  technology  on  2014/04/25  by  Lynne - Social Media at Planet4IT .  2 Comments 
 Post navigation 
 <- Data Analytics and Marketing Manager Resumes 
 Digital Marketing Strategist- Top Candidate -> 
 2 comments 
 
 zobop republic  says: 
 
 2014/04/25 at 12:18 pm 
 Well! I guess the colleges & universities better start teaching 3D hologram technologies for the future! Better hurry up! Tick-tock! 
 Reply 
 1. **[Amanda Portelli - Social Media Manager at Planet4IT](https://p4digitalblog.wordpress.com)** says:
 
 2014/04/25 at 12:22 pm 
 I wonder how much longer until we have Holodecks like in the Star Trek series? 
 Reply 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Follow on WordPress.com 
 Hours & Info 
 55 Yonge Street, Suite 1300 
Toronto, Ontario, Canada M5E 1J4 
 416-363-9888 
 M-F: 9am-5pm 
 Archives 
 
 May 2015  (1) 
 April 2015  (12) 
 March 2015  (16) 
 February 2015  (31) 
 January 2015  (34) 
 December 2014  (26) 
 November 2014  (35) 
 October 2014  (39) 
 September 2014  (39) 
 August 2014  (40) 
 July 2014  (40) 
 June 2014  (40) 
 May 2014  (47) 
 April 2014  (43) 
 March 2014  (3) 
 February 2014  (6) 
 January 2014  (1) 
 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 
 
 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Facebook 
 
 Facebook 
 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
