Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Pet Groomer 
 PetSmart 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 We value your experience and are offering a $500 SIGN ON BONUS for experienced pet stylists to come and join our team!! 
 ABOUT OUR SALONS: 
Let your creativity shine as an experienced Pet Groomer! In our Grooming Salon, you’ll have the opportunity to build personal relationships with your clients each time they visit and truly become a part of their family. With your skills and expertise, you’ll advise pet parents on the best services for their pets and perform grooming services that exceed their expectations. And, as an added bonus, you’ll be able to share in the joy that comes with picking up a freshly coiffed pet! It’s impossible not to smile and take pride in the work that you do for your clients! 
 YOUR GROOMING CAREER: 
At PetSmart, we take care of the business, so you can focus on the pets! A grooming career with PetSmart includes: 
 A steady, growing client base 
Stable base pay, plus commission 
Paid sick and vacation time 
Health benefits 
All supplies you need including shampoo, sprays, tools, etc. 
State of the art equipment including kennels, tables, dryers, and Hydrosurge 
On-going education and training 
Room to grow your career as a Salon Leader, Store Leader, or District Academy Trainer! 
 THE WARM AND FUZZIES: 
We’ve highlighted job responsibilities and programs as best as we could above—but the best parts of working at PetSmart can’t be fully described in the job description. 
 It’s the pride of the giving Mickey a makeover in our salons watching him strut his stuff on the way out. Paws off, ladies, he’s taken! 
It’s the excitement of Walter’s wagging tail during his bath or Sadie’s smile after her teeth are cleaned. 
It’s the gussying up of Gizmo for this year’s holiday photoshoot. (Fun fact: many of our groomers receive holiday cards from their clients!) 
It’s the little things we do that add up to really big things that pets need. 
 Working at PetSmart is not a job, it’s a community of those who work together for the love of pets. 
 Apply now to experience a career that loves you back. 
 This job summary is intended to describe the general nature and level of work associates/leaders assigned to this job perform. It is not intended to include all duties and responsibilities. You will be provided a copy of a job description for the actual position you are hired in to. 
 PetSmart is an equal opportunity employer. All qualified applicants will receive consideration for employment without regard to race, color, religion, sex, age, national or ethnic origin, disability, as well as any other characteristic protected by federal, provincial or local law. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
