Innovation in IT Management 
 Seth J. Gillespie, PhD, MBA, PMP®, PMI-ACP®, ITIL®, CSM®, CISSP® 
 Skip to content 
 
 About 
 Blog 
 Book Store 
 Speaking 
 What I'm Reading 
 PhD 
 Community 
 
   
 <- 2011 in Review 
 Datamatics -> 
 Best Examples of General Career Advice? 
 Posted on  October 3, 2012  |  Leave a comment 
 During two years of business school at Stanford, I wrote down the best advicefrom our professors and lecturers. This advice is from my favorite teachers and lecturers, including  Andy Rachleff , Mark Leslie, Irv Grousbeck, Joel Peterson, Eric Schmidt, and many others. 
 Admittedly, a lot of this is focused on technology industry, but much is generally applicable. Thought it might be interesting to others. 
 
 Successful people listen.  You have two ears and one mouth. Use them in that ratio. You learn more when you listen than when you talk. 
 Pareto principle:  Always look for the 80/20. 80 percent of the value is delivered by 20 percent of the product/service. Focus on that 20 percent. 
 The importance of passion.  When Warren Buffet finds people to run his business, his key criteria is to find somebody who would do the job whether they would get paid or not. 
 Be likable.  People who are liked have the wind at their backs. So be liked. 
 Just when you think you 've got it 100% right, you can be taken down. 
 People who are lucky make their own luck.  And you only make your own luck by staying in the game. 
 Put on "the cloak" of leadership.  A large part of your role is to inspire and motivate your employees, and people will look to you for confidence. If you were on a plane with engine problems, you don't want the pilot to say "I am exploring a number of options and hope that…", you want him to say, "I will do whatever it takes to land this plane." 
 The outcome of a negotiation is largely a function of your alternatives.  Know your next best option. 
 You will only be as good as the people you will recruit.  Media & culture celebrate individuals, but teams succeed. 
 The best scientists can explain complex issues in simple terms.  Pretty good scientists can explain complex issues in complex terms. 
 A 's hire A's. B's hire C's.  Always strive to hire people better than you are. 
 Be a clear, fair manager.  For example, when speaking to a business unit leader that isn't succeeding, say: "I want a strategy to win in 1-page and the objectives we need to hit each quarter to reach them." 
 When considering a business opportunity, look for change.  What inflection point are you taking advantage of? Without change, there is rarely opportunity. 
 When in doubt, just keep selling.  Not a bad default strategy to communicate to your team. 
 Be humble.  The markets are brutal to those who are arrogant. 
 Understand what you don 't do well.  Surround yourself with people and resources that can do these things well. 
 Practice self-discipline.  Set targets, have timetables, have clear unambiguous goals. Life passes quickly - days, weeks, months, years, a lifetime. "Regret for the things we did, can be tempered by time. It is regret for the things that we did not do that is inconsolable." 
 Be yourself.  In group settings, you usually serve the group best by thoughtfully expressing exactly what you are thinking. Not necessarily what the group wants to hear. 
 Learn to relax.  Often overachievers are passionate about many things. Yet it's important to learn not to always care so much. Try being indifferent to things that aren't that important. 
 You 've got to give trust to get trust.  Treat people as you would want to be treated. Sometimes people take advantage of you. That's fine, don't do business with them again. 
 Shoot for the moon.  To be successful, don't follow the pack. If you want to win, don't hedge. 
 
 And, here is some good final advice (from Joel Peterson): 
 "Appreciate the people you work with, take care of your investors, celebrate successes along the way, communicate lavishly - good news and bad news, tell the truth, don’t try to maximize everything, and stop to smell the roses. Life is pretty short and most of what really matters doesn’t happen at the office." 
 Source:  http://www.quora.com/Career-Advice/What-are-some-of-the-best-examples-of-general-career-advice 
 37.837959 -122.282402 
 Share this: 
 
 LinkedIn 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Pinterest 
 Email 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 This entry was posted in  Career . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 <- 2011 in Review 
 Datamatics -> 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Please log in using one of these methods to post your comment: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 
 
 Seth J. Gillespie, PhD 
 
 
 
Seth is a proven Information Technology Leader known for his ability to guide companies successfully through large, complex internet-scale Data Center infrastructure deployments positivity impacting millions of customers worldwide. Seth is a skilled and capable manager who cuts through ambiguity, embodies energy, delivers innovative results and fosters high levels of excellence within his teams. 
 
 Follow Innovation in IT Management on WordPress.com 
 
 
 
 
 Career   Cube Life   Dissertation   GTD   InfoVis   Management   Mindmaping   Models   PhD   Project Management   Prospectus   Qualitative   Quantitative   Research   Tech   Theory   Thesis ideas 
 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 [2010 In Review 
 Inn…](http://blog.sethgillespie.com/2011/01/02/2010-in-review/) on  Multi-Monitor Productivity 
 
 
 
 
 
 travelswithivan  on  Leadership Styles 
 
 
 
 marissahizzle  on  Silicon Valley: My Home 
 
 
 prakashec058 on  Common Project Manager Mi… 
 
 
 
 prakashec058 on  Effective Project Management I… 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Search for: 
 
 
 Recent Posts: Innovation in IT Management 
 
 
 The Map of Mathematics 
 Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) for Business Resiliency 
 Agile Landscape 
 Welcome 2017! 
 Presenting Data and Information 
 
 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
 The Map of Mathematics 
 5 Cool Resume Writing Tips 
 Best Examples of General Career Advice? 
 Year In Review: Anual Report 
 Community 
 Enterprise Risk Management (ERM) for Business Resiliency 
 
 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 %d bloggers like this: 
