Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Assistant Program Director - Rural 
 University of Alberta 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry - Department of Family Medicine 
Competition No. - A108642944 
Closing Date - Will remain open until filled. 
 The University of Alberta, Faculty of Medicine & Dentistry, Department of Family Medicine, invites applications from rural-based family physicians or family physicians interested in influencing the education of the next generation of family physicians, to be an Assistant Program Director within the family medicine residency program. 
 Located in Edmonton, Alberta, Canada, the Faculty has been internationally recognized as among the world’s top 50 medical schools and as one of Canada’s premier health education institutions. 
 The successful candidate will join a growing complement of academic family physicians who, in addition to their scholarly and research activities, provide classroom and office-based teaching as well as clinical sessions that model modern interdisciplinary team practice. Clinical practice will occur in a rural community clinic supported by Department educational and scholarly resources. Details about the Department of Family Medicine can be found at www.familymed.med.ualberta.ca. 
 This position is a full-time, contingent, tenure-track faculty position. The academic salary and rank will commensurate with qualifications and experience and will be supplemented with compensation for protected teaching, research, and program administration time from the department’s Alberta Academic Medicine and Health Services Program (AMHSP). For information on compensation and benefits offered at the University refer to http://www.hrs.ualberta.ca/ 
 As a faculty member within the Department of Family Medicine, the position will be expected to advance academic, clinical and scholarly needs in the Department and in rural Alberta. Benefits and rewards to this opportunity include having a chance to influence family medicine education, opportunities for lifelong learning, being a part of a dynamic and supportive department, exiting the fee-for-service world, and most importantly increasing Family Medicine training in and service to rural Alberta while practicing the Patients’ Medical Home Model (PMH). 
 Required competencies for the ideal candidate: 
Substantial experience practicing in a rural setting; current rural practice preferred 
Experience with medical students and resident learners 
Skill in managing the community-university relationship 
Role modeling team-based care in practice 
 Qualifications: 
Certification by the College of Family Physicians of Canada, or equivalent, is required. 
Applicants must be currently practicing medicine in Alberta. 
 Interested individuals are to submit an up-to-date curriculum vitae, along with the names and current addresses of three references by to: 
 Dr. Lee A. Green, Professor and Chair 
 Department of Family Medicine, University of Alberta 
 Email:  lagreen@ualberta.ca 
 Review of applications will begin on October 30, 2020; however the competition will remain open until the position is filled. 
 How to Apply 
Email 
lagreen@ualberta.ca 
 The University of Alberta is committed to an equitable, diverse, and inclusive workforce. We welcome applications from all qualified persons. We encourage women; First Nations, Métis and Inuit persons; members of visible minority groups; persons with disabilities; persons of any sexual orientation or gender identity and expression; and all those who may contribute to the further diversification of ideas and the University to apply. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
