
 Role 
 Description 
 
 Like what you see? Apply Now or hit the back button to search additional career options. 
 Project Production Manager 
 Apply Now 
 Project Production Manager 
 Power Home Remodeling is a company founded on equal parts hard work and positivity. We believe that “dream” and “achieve” are not mutually exclusive. That philosophy has served us well in becoming FORTUNE Magazine’s #1 Workplace for Millennials and one of Glassdoor’s Best Places to Work. 
90% of our executives begin their careers in entry-level positions because we recruit, train, and retain talented individuals with a drive to succeed. Power is more than a home remodeling company. Power is a dream realization, technology-innovation, community-advocacy, expectation-shattering, happiness-maximizing company dedicated to improvement, both for our customers, and ourselves. 
 Job Summary 
 The Production Manager services both the overall business of the company and the needs of customers by serving as the primary face and representative of the company. This position manages all aspects of the customer experience and vendor relationship post-sale up to final installation. The Production manager is responsible for assessing a job site to evaluate the efficacy of the original home remodeling agreement 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Responsible for interpreting and implementing management policies and operating practices. 
 Responsible for inspecting and evaluating all aspects of the proposed site/project to make an independent determination of the scope of work and viability of intended project. 
 Advise customers on financing and possible changes to scope. 
 Creates precise measurements at each job site in order to avoid any problems with custom-ordered product that could have serious financial repercussions for the company in the form of unusable materials and/or a negative customer experience. 
 Responsible for confirming post-inspection and on an ongoing basis that the agreement between company and customer appropriately defines the work plan, identifies alternative courses of action needed, and negotiates directly with the customer to alter the specific terms of the plan as appropriate, all without prior approval by a supervisor. 
 Responsible for selecting and managing the procurement of all materials for the job, including determining the necessary specifications for such materials while ensuring protection of the company from unnecessary financial loss. 
 Analyzes all legal requirements related to licensing and permitting, Homeowner’s Association requirements, and negotiates for compliance with the same, while independently working with government agencies to obtain permits. 
 Ensures statutory and regulatory compliance with regard to safety and health. 
 Completes various administrative tasks in the office as needed and assists in the warehouse on a limited basis to stage products for delivery. 
 Must have a valid driver’s license and be capable of driving to, from, and in between sites as needed. 
 Other as assigned by Management. 
 
 Required Education and Experience: 
 
 1-3 years of Construction Management experience 
 A polished and professional demeanor - This is a high level customer service position as well. 
 Professionalism is VERY important. 
 Self motivation and discipline 
 An ambitious and competitive nature 
 Excellent communication, organizational and interpersonal skills 
 Resourceful problem solving abilities 
 Highly evolved customer service skills 
 A personality and skill set that is scalable - We're looking for someone with promotion and managerial potential as the department and company grows 
 Top notch customer service skills 
 
 Here’s what you can expect: 
 
 $60,000 Salary 
 Medical 
 Dental 
 401(k) 
 Use of Company Vehicle 
 Technology Package (IPad/IPhone) 
 EZ Pass 
 Gas Card 
 Bonus Plan 
 
 Apply Now 
 Power Home Remodeling Group is an equal opportunity employer and we are committed to hiring a diverse and talented workforce. 
 ** 
 Thanks again for your interest in PHRG. 
 ** 
 PHRG is an Equal Opportunity Employer committed to diversity in our workspace. 
 © Copyright 2021 PHRG - All rights reserved. 
