Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Footwear Department Manager - National Sports 
 National Sports 
 __Newmarket, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Help us boldly shape retail in Canada 
 At National Sports, we share a passion for sports with our customers and our vision is to create a unique retail experience in the communities we serve. We believe team sports foster a sense of community between players, their families and fans. National Sports provides a centre for sport resources, counsel, expertise and support in the communities we serve by offering the best team sport brands and hiring experienced employees who are passionate about helping customers raise their game. Along with colleagues across the Canadian Tire family of companies, you’ll be a part of a collaborative network of like-minded individuals who draw on their collective experience to best serve customers across all banners from coast-to-coast. 
 Footwear Department Manager - National Sports 
 As a Department Sales Manager, you will consistently drive and deliver on department sales targets by leading and developing sales staff through the effective execution of National Sports Customer Service Standards and training mandates. 
 What you’ll do 
 Sales 
 
 Achieve and drive department and store sales 
 Demonstrate the ability to be a sales leader and role model to staff 
 Enforce and personally deliver on the highest form of service standards 
 
 Training 
 
 Provide sales coaching and mentoring to sales staff 
 Lead and ensure completion of 3 month orientation for all department staff 
 Provide continuous coaching and training to achieve “A Level” status in all department staff 
 Responsible to disseminate all communication to team as required including merchandising and policy and procedure changes 
 
 Operations 
 
 Initiate and enforce execution of pricing/ signing, restocking and receiving 
 Executes on assigned department presentation as per seasonal merchandising planner 
 Follows and enforces all corporate LP and OH&S policies and procedures and all cash and audit procedures as per Corporate Policy and Procedure Manual 
 Maintains and executes on tech shop service and maintenance standards 
 Monitor store weekly scheduling requirements and react when needed on a shift by shift basis 
 Initiates and presents plans for department improvements and strategies 
 Assists and participates in hiring process and completes performance reviews in a timely manner 
 
 Evening and weekend availability is a requirement for this role 
 Who you are 
 We are looking for individuals who are: 
 
 Business Savvy – you have a customer focused mindset and can plan, execute, and drive sales 
 Leaders – you lead by example and have a passion for coaching, developing, and inspiring your team 
 Culture and brand ambassadors – you love the work and take pride in our brand 
 
 If you’re a proven retail manager with a passion for people, our industry, and driving an exceptional customer experience, then this is definitely the place to be. 
 What you bring 
 
 Minimum of 2 years in a retail environment, preferably at a supervisory level 
 A proven track record of business growth and exceptional customer service skills 
 Demonstrated computer skills 
 Demonstrated interest in or involvement in sports or the sporting goods industry an asset 
 High school education; Post-Secondary education an asset 
 
 Why us 
 Canadian Tire and its family of companies are boldly shaping retail in Canada and we continue to deliver a positive experience for our customers. As one of the most trusted brands in Canada, our employees take pride in the work we do across the country. It’s more than the iconic triangle that keeps our employees around. From benefits and perks, to learning and development opportunities, to our commitment to Jumpstart – these are some of the many reasons why Canadian Tire Corporation is one of Canada’s Top Employers. 
 To learn more about this team and the Canadian Tire family of companies follow us on LinkedIn. 
National Sports is an equal opportunity employer. We are committed to a diverse and inclusive workplace for all. We recognize that our future success depends on the perspectives and contributions of all our employees -- their diverse backgrounds, abilities and experiences make our business stronger. If you are contacted for a job opportunity, please advise us of any accommodations needed to ensure fair and equitable access throughout the recruitment and selection process. All accommodation information provided will be treated as confidential and used only for the purpose of providing an accessible candidate experience. 
 #Ctretailp 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
