Skip to content 
 
 Fred Klonsky 
 The thoughts of a retired public school teacher. 
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 1968. 
 Blues people (an art project). 
 Copyright and fair use. 
 Full disclosure. 
 Glen Brown's pension posts. Updated. 
 Rules of engagement. 
 Teachers (an art project). 
 Zombies in Washington (an art project). 
 
 Removing the shielding of abuse from the scope of bargaining. It is the General Assembly's job. 
 June 29, 2020  |  Fred Klonsky 
 Responding to the tragic gun deaths in our city this weekend, the  Fraternal Order of Police President John Catanzara said yesterday: 
 
 “Until we start holding a little accountability and shame for the parents who are raising these kids — er not raising them, specifically — politicians are not to blame it starts at home, and we always know that part of the dynamic. " 
 
 While I don't agree with the theory of the "bad apple" cop, Catanzara is a bad racist apple. 
 But the FOP is the barrel. 
 In fact, if memory serves he is repeating what former Mayor Rahm Emanuel said in 2018 in response to a similar rise in awful gun violence. 
 
 “This may not be politically correct, but I know the power of what faith and family can do. Our kids need that structure… I am asking…that we also don’t shy away from a full discussion about the importance of family and faith helping to develop and nurture character, self respect, a value system and a moral compass that allows kids to know good from bad and right from wrong. " 
 
 The thing is that every year 1,000 people are killed in police custody. 
 How, I wonder, does this involve the family and faith of the cops responsible? 
 Few are held responsible. 
 One reason that few are held responsible is that they are shielded from criminal prosecution by due process language in their collective bargaining agreement. 
 At least that's what the Department of Justice says. 
 I repeat my question to leadership of Organized Labor at every level: Why do you not speak out on the misuse of the union label and a union contract by the FOP? 
 And I ask again of Illinois Democrats in the General Assembly: Why do you not remove from the scope of bargaining language that shields criminal behavior by members of the FOP? 
 Share this: 
 
 Tweet 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  Uncategorized 
 Post navigation 
 < Chicago cop "union" agreement shows the need for legislative intervention on reform. 
 The FOP buys influence in Springfield. Dollars to Madigan. > 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Pages 
 
 1968. 
 Blues people (an art project). 
 Copyright and fair use. 
 Full disclosure. 
 Glen Brown's pension posts. Updated. 
 Rules of engagement. 
 Teachers (an art project). 
 Zombies in Washington (an art project). 
 
 Current class size. 
 
 4,594,253 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 8,439 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Follow Fred Klonsky on WordPress.com 
 Most read posts. 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 carolmalaysia  on  The Party of white supremacy and reactionary insurrection. 
 Eric K. Johnson on  Marquette Park, Chicago. 2012. 
 Eric K. Johnson on  The Party of white supremacy and reactionary insurrection. 
 Eric K. Johnson on  The Party of white supremacy and reactionary insurrection. 
 carolmalaysia  on  The Party of white supremacy and reactionary insurrection. 
 carolmalaysia  on  The Party of white supremacy and reactionary insurrection. 
 carolmalaysia  on  The Party of white supremacy and reactionary insurrection. 
 LisaM on  Are hospitals posting their prices, as required? 
 Eric K. Johnson on  The Party of white supremacy and reactionary insurrection. 
 carolmalaysia  on  Are hospitals posting their prices, as required? 
 Eric K. Johnson on  Are hospitals posting their prices, as required? 
 Eric K. Johnson on  The Party of white supremacy and reactionary insurrection. 
 LisaM on  Are hospitals posting their prices, as required? 
 Eric K. Johnson on  The Party of white supremacy and reactionary insurrection. 
 Eric K. Johnson on  Are hospitals posting their prices, as required? 
 
 My Twitter feeds 
 
 The Trump Patriotic Education Commission 1776 Report written by a bunch of right-wingers, including some who suppor…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   2 hours ago 
 Civil rights leader Rev. William Barber to deliver homily at official inaugural prayer service   washingtonpost.com/religion/2021/…   2 hours ago 
 Charles Kirk, a member of the 1776 Commission, is also an insurrectionist. The day before the storming of the Capi…   twitter.com/i/web/status/1…   4 hours ago 
 RT @ isabelle_leyva : There were more cops at a 300-person BLM March tonight than there were at the armed invasion of the Capitol  https://t.c…   4 hours ago 
 RT @ Kaepernick7 :  https://t.co/aWDxvw2BxV   4 hours ago 
 
 Follow @fklonsky 
   Mike Klonsky's Small Talk 
 
 WEEKEND QUOTABLES  January 18, 2021 
 
 Dr. King is arrested for "loitering" in Montgomery, Alabama, in September 1958.Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. The problem of racism, the problem of economic exploitation, and the problem of war are all tied together. These are the triple evils that are interrelated. -- Dr. Martin Luther King, Jr. “The Radical King”, Beacon PressWHO's Mike Ryan on […] 
   Glen Brown: Teacher/poet/musician 
 
 Smatchet  January 19, 2021 
 
 Smatchet PRONUNCIATION: (SMACH-uht) MEANING: noun: An insignificant contemptible person. ETYMOLOGY: Of Scottish origin. Earliest documented use: 1582. USAGE: “Again he wondered how Mieka could be such an infuriating, impossible little smatchet one moment and so gentle and thoughtful the next.” Melanie Rawn; Touchstone; Tom Doherty Associates; 2012. A THOUGH […] 
 noreply@blogger.com (gbrown) 
   John Dillon's Pension Education 
 
 WHEN THE HURLEY-BURLEY'S DONE...? 
 
 When the Hurley-Burley’s done…? Having served as journalist at The Washington Post for over two decades, John Harris is a veteran political journalist and co-founder of Politico, the political news and opinion organization available on various newsfeeds. Harris and Jim Vanderhei founded Politico in 2007 and Harris served as editor-in-chief until 2019. Exce […] 
 Archived posts. 
 Search for: 
 Social 
 
 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 %d bloggers like this: 
