Skip to content 
 
 mymotorwheels 
 For the auto enthusiasts who are crazy enough to change the world. 
 Menu 
 
 About 
 Automotive Jobs 
 Travel 
 Spares and Services @Visakhapatnam 
 
   
 Tag: Automotive Jobs California 
 [Jobs]Current Openings at AutoVitals Inc California 
 About AutoVitals: 
 AutoVitals is an  automotive repair shop management systems  provider based out of Goleta city, California, U.S.A. Founded in 2009, AutoVitals focuses on the Independent Automotive Aftermarket to deliver high-value management and engagement service to thousands of shop owners and service advisers. 
 Job Postings by AutoVitals: 
 1. Systems Administrator 
 AutoVitals is seeking a System Administrator for both our co-located and cloud based Software as a Service (Saas) infrastructure. You will join our company in growing our team and enhancing our customer service to our clients. 
 An ideal candidate understands the importance of meeting and exceeding client expectations, and building great relationships with fellow technical support staff and engineering. This position reports to the Head of Operation. Requested skills include close attention to detail, a high level of organization, a positive attitude and a passion for learning. The following skills obtained and honed in at least 3-5 years of running a comparable or bigger system than ours include 
 
 Network Building Architecture Knowledge 
 Knowledge of applications for the following protocols: TCP/IP (HTTP, FTP, DNS, SMTP) 
 Knowledge of securing networks and applications on the server 
 Knowledge of Windows OS family client and server 
 Administration for Windows Domain and Windows Servers 
 Knowledge of Hyper-V and cluster management 
 Writing Scripts for server administration 
 Knowledge of Windows Server Roles (IIS, FTP and so on) 
 IIS clustering architecture and management 
 Certificates for IIS and HTTPS setup and management 
 Working knowledge with cisco 5505, 5510 through ASDM and console 
 Server monitoring using Microsoft SCOM or *nix Zabbix 
 Ability proactively find and fix problems errors or potential issues with all mentioned above. 
 
 Skills/Qualifications: 
 
 Capacity for explaining abstract, technical concepts in various contexts 
 Ability to quickly adapt and think critically in a dynamic, fast-paced environment 
 Actively identify indicators of system performance and determine actions necessary to improve/correct performance 
 Excellent analytical and complex problem solving skills 
 Self Starting with strong organizational skills, 
 
 To apply for this position upload your resume and cover letter using the form at  www.autovitals.com/contact  or you may email to careers@autovitalsinc.com 
 
 2. Account Manager 
 We are currently looking for a motivated, personable Account Manager to join our team. 
 The Account Manager will serve as the primary point of contact for his/her clients. The position involves building and maintaining relationships with our clients through engaging and interactive training sessions, walking them through implementation and setup, advising on effective business practices utilizing modern technology and tools, and addressing any concerns or questions that may arise. 
 Duties and Responsibilities include: 
 
 
 Assisting clients through setup and provide training to encourage best practices and maximize potential benefits. 
 
 
 Interacting with clients to answer questions and identify and resolve any potential issues 
 
 
 Manage all inbound and outbound customer inquiries (email chat, phone) 
 
 
 Manage communication to both the client and internal teams regarding status of open issues and projects 
 
 
 Work with internal teams to provide timely resolution of all client support issues 
 
 
 Regularly follow up and serve as the primary point of contact to ensure overall customer satisfaction 
 
 
 Conduct customer satisfaction survey collecting data to improve our suite of products and services 
 
 
 Desired Skills and Knowledge: 
 
 
 At least 1 year of customer service experience and demonstrate an ability to build and maintain positive relationships with clients 
 
 
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills, is adept at communicating effectively and professionally 
 
 
 Is analytical and a creative problem-solver 
 
 
 Ability to adapt and think critically in a dynamic, fast-paced environment 
 
 
 Self-starter with strong organization and time management skills 
 
 
 Team player with an ability to take charge 
 
 
 Interest in web presence development, technology and software a plus, but not required 
 
 
 This position is ideal for anyone who understands the importance of building relationships with customers and meeting and exceeding their expectations. If you enjoy interacting with others, thrive in a fast-paced work environment and are eager to tackle challenges, we would love to hear from you! 
 To apply for this position upload your resume and cover letter using the form at  www.autovitals.com/contact  or you may email to careers@autovitalsinc.com 
 
 3.Website Authoring Software Developer 
 Programmer Job Purpose:  Development of website authoring platform for 1,000s of websites. 
 Programmer Job Duties: 
 
 
 Confirms project requirements by reviewing program objective, input data, and output requirements with analyst, supervisor, and senior developer. 
 
 
 Edits output of authoring system to keep up to date with changing website layouts. 
 
 
 Work closely with web developers to adjust authoring system for new features. 
 
 
 Work with SEO experts to develop new SEO elements based on existing data points 
 
 
 Create new data points based on SEO and web development needs. 
 
 
 Maintains historical records by documenting program development and revisions. 
 
 
 Ensures operation of equipment by following manufacturer’s instructions; troubleshooting malfunctions; calling for repairs; evaluating new software and techniques. 
 
 
 Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed. 
 
 
 Skills/Qualifications: General Programming Skills, Analyzing Information , Problem Solving, Software Algorithm Design, CSS, HTML, .net,  asp.net , understanding of building blocks of the website 
 To apply for this position upload your resume and cover letter using the form at  www.autovitals.com/contact  or you may email to careers@autovitalsinc.com 
 
 4.Product Design & UX 
 AutoVitals is seeking a Lead Product Designer to join our team building the best shop productivity tools known to the modern world. Do you love tackling large problems and breaking them down into simple solutions? Are you passionate about creating easy-to-use, dynamic and engaging experiences? Does mobile, social, big data and high volume SaaS excite you? 
 JoinAutoVital’s design team as a Lead Product Designer where you will help envision, define and design the future of all AutoVitals products. By focusing on the user first you will help revolutionize how people connect with their desired brands. We are making big things happen – are up to the task? 
 Responsibilities: 
 
 Apply user-centered design practices to create simple-to-use and engaging product experiences 
 Build strong relationships with stakeholders throughout the organization 
 Partner with product management to define the problems/solutions, requirements and prioritization 
 Work collaboratively with engineering through pixel perfect implementation 
 Have broad impact on the entire design team, helping to define process, principles, vision and mission in addition to day-to-day mentoring 
 Lead end-2-end (concept to prototype to pixel perfect implementation) product design workstream 
 Thoughtfully rationalize your design decisions taking into account technical limitations and business priorities 
 Participate in conceptual design of next- and next-next-generation versions of the products 
 Serve as a product evangelist with Marketing, Sales, and the go-to-market organizations to help them understand the vision, roadmap and best practices 
 Travel 5-10% to customers and prospects 
 
 Requirements 
 To be successful in this role, we are looking for someone with: 
 
 Self-motivated and solid conceptual design skills, a broad, artistic view of the world 
 Excellent listening, oral, and written communication skills; strong interpersonal and persuasion skills 
 Demonstrate a working knowledge of interaction principles, patterns, and trends 
 Expert in UI Design, Information Architecture, Human-Computer Interaction and Conceptual Design 
 Expert in Adobe Creative suite and other prototyping tools 
 Knowledge of HTML5, CSS3, and some JavaScript is preferred 
 Experience with Mobile UI and responsive design a big plus 
 5+ years of experience in Software Design 
 Bachelor’s degree or equivalent experience (Design, Human-Computer Interaction, Industrial Design or similar degrees preferred) 
 
 To apply for this position upload your resume and cover letter using the form at  www.autovitals.com/contact  or you may email to careers@autovitalsinc.com. 
 
 5.Full time Experienced Sales Representativ e 
 AutoVitals is looking for a dynamic addition to our growing Sales Staff. Candidates with software sales or automotive repair management expertise are highly desirable. AutoVitals provides an integrated suite of tools that support customer acquisition, customer retention and shop workflow process improvement.Candidates with the following experience are highly desirable:Automotive Software Sales, which may include: Point of Sale, Labor scheduling, Inventory, Ordering systems or Payroll services and/or Repair shop management experience, or equivalent. **** Only applicants with the following essential skills and experience will be considered  : 
 
 Applicant must understand or be able to learn repair shop workflow processes, must be curious and comfortable working with shop owners on the phone 
 Must be a good listener and a natural problem solver. 
 Strong desire to help business owners succeed. 
 Must be adept in use of Excel, Word, Internet research and email. Will preferably have experience with WebEx and CRM tools. 
 Must have excellent communication skills including face-to-face and telephone 
 Must be self-driven, results-oriented with a positive outlook and a clear focus on high quality performance and business profit 
 Must be able to effectively work from your home office without distraction. 
 A natural forward planner who critically assesses own performance 
 Mature, credible, and comfortable in a fast paced results driven environment 
 Professional demeanor and appearance 
 Sufficiently mobile and flexible to travel up to a few days a month within the US if necessary 
 Keen for new experiences, responsibility, and accountability 
 
 Compensation for this position includes a base salary + commissions: this creates an unlimited earning potential. Expense reimbursement is provided as well. 
 Please send resumes with the subject line “  Sales Representative Santa Barbara  ” to careers@autovitalsinc.com. Only resumes with this subject will be considered. 
 
 6.Sales Development Representative 
 Do you love to talk on the phone? 
 Do you enjoy helping others? 
 Are you a confident, curious and ambitious self-starter excited about a career at a fast-growing SaaS company? 
 AutoVitals is looking to grow our Sales Development team which assists in the creation of new sales pipeline. By consulting with prospects, understanding their needs and making a great first impression, our SDRs help identify the natural next steps that guide our leads towards a partnership that will revolutionize their business. Each SDR that joins AutoVitals is given the tools and opportunity to succeed, and the top performers are put on a career path to become a Sales Representative. 
 Responsibilities include: 
 
 Outbound prospecting via telephone and email 
 Maintain call volume of 50 – 75 calls per day to qualify leads and create pipeline for Sales 
 Update and maintain Sales CRM, including data discovery tied to marketing initiatives 
 Learn and become proficient with AutoVitals sales process 
 Consistently achieve monthly goals 
 
 Qualifications: 
 
 Exceptional level of drive and passion for results 
 Willingness to learn new skills and build a career in sales 
 Strong verbal and written communications skills 
 1-2+ years of work experience 
 Experience working in software or sales environment desired 
 BS/BA degree preferred 
 Experience with use of customer relationship management databases a plus 
 
 Benefits 
 
 Commission structure that allows you to earn upwards of $50k a year 
 Great Startup company culture 
 Dog friendly office 
 Free food and kitchen 
 large new office in the Goleta tech park 
 extensive opportunity to grow and excel 
 
 This is a full time position (40/hr a week), hourly + GREAT commission structure. The Sales Development role at AutoVitals is an important component to the success of our sales teams and our business. It is also a great opportunity for people new or early in their technology careers to learn Sales and gain business experience at an exciting and burgeoning SaaS company. 
 To apply for this position upload your resume and cover letter using the form at  www.autovitals.com/contact  or you may email to careers@autovitalsinc.com. 
 
 7.SEO Internship 
 AutoVitals Inc. is currently seeking an SEO Intern to join our Search Engine Optimization team at a fast growing online marketing company. As a background, we provide marketing services for auto repair shops all across the country. 
 The day to day tasks for the intern will be researching SEO topics, entering businesses in business directories, and improving the automated system to promote businesses. No previous work experience is necessary, the main quality of a successful candidate is the ability to be diligent, document your activities and be a motivated and logical thinker. 
 10-40 hours a week 
 To apply for this position upload your resume and cover letter using the form at  www.autovitals.com/contact  or you may email to careers@autovitalsinc.com 
 
 For more details visit  AutoVitals.com 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 WhatsApp 
 Twitter 
 LinkedIn 
 Print 
 More 
 
 
 
 Reddit 
 Email 
 
 
 Skype 
 
 
 Tumblr 
 
 
 Pinterest 
 
 
 Pocket 
 
 
 Telegram 
 
 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Author   Prasanth Chunduri Posted on  December 5, 2016December 5, 2016 Categories  Automotive Jobs Tags  Account Manager Job ,  Automotive Jobs California ,  Jobs AutoVitals Goleta Califronia USA ,  Product Designer UX Designer job California ,  Sales Representative Job California USA ,  SEO Internship Goleta California USA ,  Software Developer Job California ,  Systems Administrator Job Goleta California USA Leave a comment on [Jobs]Current Openings at AutoVitals Inc California 
 Search for: Search 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
 Have you ever wondered what is 'Drive-by-wire' or 'x-by-wire'? 
 India's first electric reverse trike: Orxa Energies Mantis 
 Suzuki's Gujarat plant in India starts operation; Another plant in pipeline which will come into operation by 2019! 
 
 posts by date 
 
 
 
 January 2021 M 
 T 
 W 
 T 
 F 
 S 
 S 
 
 
 
 
 1 
 2 
 3 
 
 
 
 
 
 
 4 
 5 
 6 
 7 
 8 
 9 
 10 
 
 
 11 
 12 
 13 
 14 
 15 
 16 
 17 
 
 
 18 
 19 
 20 
 21 
 22 
 23 
 24 
 
 
 25 
 26 
 27 
 28 
 29 
 30 
 31 
 
 
 
 « Jan 
 Categories 
 
 Automotive Jobs  (34) 
 automotive supplier  (10) 
 Autonomous Driving  (6) 
 Bikes  (59) 
 cars  (291) 
 Commercial Vehicles  (42) 
 Coupons  (2) 
 electric  (35) 
 Hybrid Vehicles  (13) 
 Know your technology  (4)
 
 Automatic Transmission  (1) 
 
 
 Polls Surveys Quizzes and Ratings  (1) 
 railways  (3) 
 review  (1) 
 Shared Economy  (5) 
 startup  (43) 
 Statistics  (62) 
 Travel  (20) 
 Trucks  (37) 
 Uncategorized  (153) 
 Videos  (39) 
 
 facebook 
 
 facebook 
 
 Follow me on Twitter 
 My Tweets 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 673 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
   RSS - Posts 
 Tags 
 
 acquisition 
 ADAS 
 bmw 
 CES 2017 
 chennai 
 Consumer Electronics Show 
 current openings 
 daimler 
 Denso Corporation 
 electric vehicles 
 EV 
 ford 
 general motors 
 germany 
 honda 
 india 
 job opportunities 
 Joint Venture 
 mahindra 
 make in india 
 maruti suzuki 
 maruti suzuki india 
 mercedes benz 
 mou 
 nissan 
 renault 
 renault kwid 
 tata hexa 
 tata motors 
 tata tiago 
 toyota 
 Travel 
 uber 
 usa 
 video 
 
 Blog Stats 
 
 65,818 hits 
 
 Follow blog on 
 
 
 View mymotorwheels's profile on Facebook 
 
 
 View MyMotorWheels's profile on Twitter 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Automotive Jobs 
 
 
 Travel 
 
 
 Spares and Services @Visakhapatnam 
 
 
 mymotorwheels   A WordPress.com Website . 
 Add your thoughts here... (optional) Post to 
 Cancel 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
