  
 Menu 
 
 Home 
 Prayer
 
 Inspirational Prayer 
 Healing Prayers 
 
 
 Healing
 
 Healing Depression 
 Light Body Healing 
 Spiritual Counseling 
 
 
 Guidance
 
 Spiritual Guidance 
 Daily Meditation 
 Blessings of Light 
 Request Guidance 
 
 
 Daily Life
 
 Spiritual Life 
 Spiritual Relationships 
 Spirit at Work 
 Daily Inspiration 
 Dream Meanings 
 Spiritual Poems 
 
 
 One World
 
 World Change 
 Create One World 
 
 
 Donate 
 
 
 Home 
 Prayer Request 
 Prayer Request - I Lost my Job 
 
 Prayer Request - I Lost my Job 
 by Brian Carl 
(Kipnuk, Alaska USA) 
 
 my son 
 I lost my job back in July and there is no other way for me to support my to children. For the past 2 months, I've been borrowing money from my grandparents. Borrowing money from them makes me feel bad. And now, I'm running behind on bills, receiving threatening calls from bank. I have no money to support my 2 year old son and 1 year old daughter. Please, I'm in need of help! 
 Comments for Prayer Request - I Lost my Job 
 Click here to add your own comments 
 
 |  Sep 03, 2008 
|   Lost Job 
 by: Deb 
 Dear Brian Carl...I pray first of all for PEACE in your being to clear the way for you to receive guidance....I pray for wisdom and clarity to come forth to guide you to where you are to be next and what to be doing to take care of yourself and your children...in gratitude we lift up the grandparents who have assisted out of love as best that they can....we give this to God to figure out and provide answers that will fill our hearts with love for the life that sustains us....blessings to YOU and your sweet children, your grandparents....as I was recently reminded...be open and flexible about what comes forth and presents itself for sustainable work...ask and be open to receive the answer for your highest good and that of your children...and may you KNOW without a doubt that the job that comes forth is meant for you...blessings of love. 
---|--- 
 
 |  Sep 21, 2008 
|   miracle 
 by: Anonymous 
 I will be pray for you that God bless you with another job and better pay. So you can take care of your family 
---|--- 
 
 Click here to add your own comments 
 Return to Prayer Requests Archive October 2008. 
 Latest News! Get Our  First to Know  Updates 
 Receive first notice of our newest classes, ebooks, free healing circles, and one-time only special offerings, created specially for 2020. 
 Name: | 
E-mail Address:| 
 Newest On Our Site 
 
   
   
   
 
 
 
 What is Energy Healing Therapy? 
 
 
 How energy healing therapy can assist your body, mind and spirit to find greater harmony, ease, and balance. 
 Read More 
 
 
 Prayers for Healing - Supports for Your Daily Prayer and Meditation 
 
 
 These prayers for healing are offered to help support and assist you in your daily prayer and meditation. 
 Read More 
 
 
 New in 2020 - Free Live Online Healing Session 
 
 
 Join us every Wednesday at 12 noon Eastern time for the World Blessings Circle of Healing! 
 Read More 
 [ ? ]Subscribe To This Site 
 
 
 
 
 
 About   Contact   Privacy   Search 
 _Copyright© 2005-2020 WorldBlessings.com 
_ 
