
 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 Creatives 
 
 
 Companies 
 
 
 All Jobs 
 
 
 Magazine 
 
 
 Pricing 
 
 
 Sign In 
 
 
 Sign Up 
 
 
 We, and our partners, use cookies to deliver our services. By using our website you agree to the use of cookies as described in our  Privacy Policy . 
 Okay 
 Hot Damn! it's a Full-time job 
 ERA is looking for a Creative Lead in New York, NY, USA. Not an ordinary Creative Lead but the kind of Creative Lead that makes other Creative Leads question their Creative Lead-ness. 
 About 
 Who We Are 
ERA-co is a new global Experience Agency made up of data scientists, strategists and experience designers who lead transformative strategy to shape cities, neighborhoods and destinations to positively impact the lives of people and the places they inhabit. With offices in New York, Melbourne, Sydney and London, our global ambitions have only just begun. 
 Our clients & projects range from branding single residential buildings to positioning and leading experiences of major urban masterplans, mixed-use developments, to globally famous civic places. While the work is diverse, they all start from a singular belief; that transformative placemaking has the power to advance humanity. 
 So, Who Are You? 
In this senior role you will work closely with the leaders of the ERA-co Brand Experience and ERA-co’s Global Creative Director to realize our client’s ambitions and place objectives across the regions of Europe, USA and Australia. Most importantly, you will display a positive commitment to driving and delivering creative outcomes to position yourself as integral to the growth of the ERA-co brand. You’re able to work across multiple clients, brands, timelines and deliverables at once thriving on the diversity of the work and global nature of the business. 
 Recognizing we are a start up, you happily pitch in, roll up your sleeves are not afraid of getting your hands dirty. You have a can-do attitude and take on tasks to get the job done. Creativity and problem solving are part of your DNA. 
 You are able to drive projects forward autonomously - working to establish, drive and deliver the creative 
 Company Links 
 
  Website   
   
 
 Job Post Link 
  https://workingnotworking.com/unjobboard/7747-era-creative-lead  
 On-site required? 
 No 
 Experience 
 6-9 years 
 Skills 
 Adobe Illustrator, Adobe InDesign, Adobe Photoshop, After Effects, Art Direction, Creative Direction, Sketch 
 Date Posted 
 November 25, 2020 
 Managed By 
 Kiser Barnes 
 Perks 
 
 Retirement Plan 
 Beer 
 Generous Vacation 
 Great benefits 
 Sweet office 
 Work from home 
 
 Fine Print 
 You are authorized to work lawfully in the United States. 
 Sign Up  or  Sign in  to apply to this job 
 Logo by Member #5081   Ricardo Gonzalez 
 (C) 2021 Working Not Working 
 Product 
 
 Pricing 
 Creative Sign Up 
 Support 
 Companies 
 
 WNW 
 
 Team 
 Magazine 
 Terms of Use 
 Privacy 
 Shop 
 
 Social 
 
 
 YouTube 
 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Twitter 
 
 
 Instagram 
 
 
 
