Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Business Analyst Level 1 
 Libro Credit Union 
 __London, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Career Opportunity 
 Building a career at Libro puts you at the center of a movement to grow prosperity in southwestern Ontario. You become part of a team that is creating change and making a positive impact – socially, economically and environmentally. 
 Libro is on the quest for a passionately accountable Business Analyst responsible for investigating, conducting interviews, workshops and surveys in order to elicit user requirements and translating those needs into detailed business requirements, test plans and documenting workflow for the Ovation Banking System, A.C.E, Intellilender, OnLine and Mobile Banking and other in house developed software applications. The position is also responsible to proactively recommend system, procedural or workflow solutions to the Branches and Administration Department. The Business Analyst will need to maintain flexible work hours in supporting the efficient operation of the in-house banking system that may require after hours or out of office locations. - Could this be you? 
 The Epic Human we are looking for will: 
 
 Elicit requirements using interviewing techniques, requirement workshops, surveys, site visits use cases, scenarios and task and work flow analysis 
 Critically evaluate and analyze information gathered from multiple sources and reconcile conflicts, breakdown high level information into details and distinguish user request from the underlying true need 
 Prepare accurate and detailed business requirements, specifications, business processes and recommendations documents and obtain appropriate signoffs 
 Provide solutions to new business ideas, system enhancements and identified system bug 
 Proactively identify where changes are needed and monitor the impact of change with the fit with Libro’s policies and procedures and brand 
 Possess an understanding in the areas of database and system desig 
 Understand technical design specification 
 Define test conditions 
 Develop accurate and complete test plans and use case 
 Maintain the Information Systems Change Request Database of reported issues and Enhancements 
 Hold a bachelor’s degree in Business Administration, Finance, Mathematics or Accounting OR equivalent experience 
 Have 3-5 years’ experience in a Financial Institution with experience managing projects 
 
 How we bring Joyful in our work: 
 
 Competitive salaries and employee pension plans 
 Comprehensive benefit package including health, dental, and vision 
 Generous vacation time 
 Employee wellness programs 
 Staff accounts and Staff rates on products and services 
 Staff appreciation programs and awards 
 Career development opportunities including tuition assistance 
 A number of other great perks and rewards; fitness club discounts, technology offers, travel and entertainment deals, just for being part of our great team! 
 Our Administrative office is located right in Downtown London, close to public transit, parking, shopping and restaurants 
 
 Ready to be Libro? 
 As a multi-year Platinum Level Aon Best Employer in Canada, Libro demonstrates exceptional performance in employee engagement, leadership, performance culture, and employment brand. If you're passionate about helping your community, interested in being part of a remarkable team, and want to help grow prosperity in southwestern Ontario - we want to hear from you! 
 Libro is committed to fostering a safe, healthy and inclusive work environment that inspires respect. 
 Libro will provide accommodations to employees with disabilities upon request. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
