Work With Craft 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 Professionals 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Our Plans 
 
 
 __  Post Job 
 
 
 __  Sign Up 
 
 
 __  Log In 
 
 
 __Menu 
 Web Developer (Remote) REMOTEPERMANENT 
 Job Description 
 Originally a volunteer passion project that aimed to provide a home to people looking to work in the esports industry and a place for hiring companies to find endemic talent,  Hitmarker.net  is now the largest job platform in esports and the video game industry. 
 Before COVID-19 struck, we were a team of 10 full-time staff working from our office in Newcastle, UK. These days, we’re a team of 10 full-time staff working 100% remotely from two continents (Europe and South America). 
 We genuinely care about helping people and making esports and the wider video game industry a better, more inclusive place. That’s why we’re all here living the startup life and working diligently day-in, day-out to provide the best service possible. 
 DESCRIPTION 
 We’re looking for a Web Developer who will design and develop new platform features, implement quality of life improvements for colleagues, clients, partners, and users, help scale our service across multiple regions and languages, and more. 
 RESPONSIBILITIES 
 
 
 Use HTML, PHP, Javascript, Vue.js, Tailwind CSS, and Craft CMS to design and develop new platform features to give Hitmarker equivalency with the likes of Indeed and LinkedIn for candidates and hiring companies alike. 
 
 
 Implement and iterate quality of life improvements both internally for colleagues and externally for our many clients, partners, and users. 
 
 
 Help scale our service across multiple languages and regions and deal with the huge increase in data and usage that will bring. 
 
 
 REQUIREMENTS 
 
 
 Detail-oriented. You take extreme care to write clean, functional code that your colleagues can easily understand and build upon, if necessary. 
 
 
 Teamwork. You love working as part of a small group, collaborating on solutions to problems, and coming up with the best/quickest ways of doing things. 
 
 
 Autonomous. You’re equally comfortable diving into a bigger solo task when required to do so, and even enjoy the temporary solitude it brings. 
 
 
 Organised. You’re capable of managing your daily and weekly workload effectively and comfortable prioritising your task list based on the needs of others. 
 
 
 Passionate. You identify as a developer and strive to improve every day. You love building useful things and getting instant feedback on how to further enhance them. 
 
 
 Dedicated. For 35 hours a week, you come to work to do work. We don’t expect you to live and breathe Hitmarker, we just want you to care when you’re here. 
 
 
 Honest. If you’ve got a problem, you’re not afraid to air it. If you can’t do something, you’re upfront about it. If you need help with something, you ask for it. 
 
 
 Reliable. You show up on time and ready to go. If you say you’re going to do a job, it gets done. If you’ve got a deadline, you do whatever you can to meet it. 
 
 
 BENEFITS 
 
 
 A real living wage of between £9.50-£16.48 per hour. We work 35 hours per week, so this equates to an annual salary of £17,290-£29,994. 
 
 
 28 days of paid holiday per year, inclusive of bank holidays, plus your birthday off (or a bonus day off if your birthday falls on an existing holiday)! 
 
 
 Entry into our NEST employee pension scheme. (UK-based employees only.) 
 
 
 Entry into our staff equity scheme after one year of service. 
 
 
 Annual salary and commission reviews with increases based on performance. 
 
 
 EQUAL OPPORTUNITY 
 Please don’t talk yourself out of applying for this position. We don’t care what your age, gender, nationality, skin colour, disability, sexual orientation, or religion is. Help us build a better, more diverse Hitmarker and a better, more diverse video game industry. 
 How to Apply 
 Send your resume, cover letter and portfolio to  [email protected] 
 Contact Info 
 
 __ 
 
 Company:  Hitmarker 
 
 __ 
 
 Location:  Newcastle, UK 
 
 __ 
 
 Email Address: 
 
 __ 
 
 Website:   https://hitmarker.net 
 __  Posted January 11, 2021 
 Follow Us 
 
 __ 
 __ 
 
 Work With Craft (C) 2021. All Rights Reserved. 
