
 __+44 20 7419 5010 / +971 4 430 9058 
 __info@world-businesstimes.com 
 __ __ __ __ 
 GET IN TOUCH 
 Toggle navigation 
 
 Home 
 About 
 Reports 
 Consultancy 
 Media Solutions 
 Careers 
 
 BUILD A FUTURE 
 WITH WBT 
 The investment we make with all of our people reflects our mission to develop long-lasting and enduring relationships with each and every one of our employees. 
 There’s one thing that makes a singular difference to our organisation than anything else: our people. And there are many reasons why talented people like you join us: great training, challenging environment and excellent prospects. 
 Here at WBT we offer you a chance to develop an international career representing us in high-level sales and business meetings with senior figures in public administration and business. We require our employees to be able to travel, work with our editorial and production team to construct special reports, attend and organize conferences, collect new and unique research, consult businesses on their media and marketing strategies, create good links with both international and national press and on top of this we require you to develop business relationships and networks in the countries and regions assigned to you. 
 DISCOVER OUR 
 ADVANTAGES 
 DEVELOP YOUR SKILLS 
 We know a thing or two about investment at WBT – and that includes the power of investing in the skills of all our people. Quite simply, we want you to be the very best you can be. 
 GET THE REWARD YOU DESERVE 
 Our employees' expertise, hard work and commitment are vital to our success – and we believe in giving each of our team members the recognition they deserve. 
 WE WILL TREAT YOU FAIRLY 
 Our commitment to equality and diversity goes beyond meeting our legal obligations. We work hard to ensure that our commitment is rooted in everything we do. 
 OUR EXPECTATIONS FOR 
 THE RIGHT CANDIDATE 
 PROFESSIONALISM 
 Each potential employee of WBT 
must demonstrate a high level of professionalism at all times. 
 DETERMINATION 
 Determination is key to meet the demands of our challenging 
and fulfilling roles. 
 INTEGRITY 
 Each candidate must demonstrate 
the highest standards of good 
business integrity. 
 CREATIVE THINKING 
 An ideal candidate must show fresh creative thinking across a range of disciplines. 
 SEE IF YOU HAVE WHAT IT TAKES 
 GET IN TOUCH 
 
 
 Company Info 
 
 
 We are World Business Times (WBT) a leading global communications company that delivers comprehensive content, Insight Reports as well as high-end consultancy and corporate marketing solutions. We bridge the gap between organizations, governments, decision-makers and readers that seek distinct information as well as economic and investment insight. 
 
 
 USEFUL LINKS 
 
 About 
 Reports 
 Consultancy 
 Media Solutions 
 Careers 
 Advertise 
 Terms & Conditions 
 
 
 
 STAY CONNECTED 
 
 
 __HEAD OFFICE: 
 27 Old Gloucester Street, London WC1N 3AX, UK 
 __+44 20 7419 5010 
 __REGIONAL OFFICE: 
 Business Central Towers - B, 703, Dubai Media City. 
 P.O. Box 27363, Dubai, UAE 
 __+971 4 430 9058 
 __info@world-businesstimes.com 
       
 (C) 2015 World Business Times Ltd, trademarks and brands are the property of their respective owners 
. 
