Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 MISC 20/21- 06 Substitute Teachers 
 Greater St. Albert Roman Catholic Separate School District No. 734 
 __St. Albert, AB 
 Apply Now 
 JOB POSTING MISC 20/21 - 06 
 Substitute Teachers 
 (Must be available to sub in all wards) 
 Position:  On-call teachers to sub in St. Albert, Morinville and Legal. 
 Qualifications & Duties: 
Committed to being a model and witness to Christ-centered education values and beliefs. 
Possess a Bachelor of Education and valid Alberta Teaching Certificate. 
Experience with the implementation of Individual Program Plans. 
Computer literacy (Macintosh) would be an asset. 
Committed to working collaboratively with a team. 
Willingness to be an active collaborator on a vibrant school staff team and program. 
Enthusiasm and strong interpersonal skills 
 Subject Areas: 
French Immersion - Junior/Senior (all subjects) 
French Immersion - Elementary 
Music/Band - All levels 
Core - Junior High 
Core - Senior High 
Math - Junior/Senior 
Science - Junior/Senior 
Elementary 
 For more information please contact: 
Annali Morin 
 Human Resources Assistant 
 Phone:  (780) 459-7711 
 Email:  amorin@gsacrd.ab.ca 
 Only online applications will be accepted. No late applications will be accepted. 
 Note:  Although all applications are appreciated, only candidates who are selected for interviews will be contacted. 
 Note: 
 Certificated Applicants: 
As part of the application process, all applicants are required to take the TeacherInsight Assessment. Your application is not considered complete without the assessment. Once your application has been submitted through the online process you will be redirected to either complete the TeacherInsight or copy your previous results. 
 Please ensure that your pop-up blocker is disabled, in order to be redirected to the online testing. If you do not get an automatic pop-up redirecting you to the TeacherInsight, please go to the Online Testing tab of your Simplication account to complete the assessment. If the assessment shows as completed, no further action is required. 
 For more information on the assessment, go here. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
