Skip to primary content 
 Skip to secondary content 
 Hibernationnow's Blog 
 FOOD, LOVE, FIBRO, FUN 
    Search 
 Main menu 
 
 Home 
 Hibernationnow's Blog 
 
 Tag Archives: jobs 
 9 and A Half Minutes, Episode 2 (Interviews) 
 Posted on  November 19, 2010  by   hibernationnow.wordpress.com 
 3 
 
 Image by Olivier Charavel via Flickr 
 I apologize. I'm supposed to talk about things that annoy me but I can't today. That's just way too mild for a topic that's making me feel totally infuriated and incensed. I'm steaming. Literally. I feel smoke coming out of my hair follicles and anything near me could burst into uncontrollable flames. I want to talk about a practice that I absolutely hate with a passion. Today I am talking about the job market and I'm NOT talking about President Obama or the economy. I'm talking about people. Specific people. You should know who you are but since you are so out of touch with reality, I'll tell you. 
 I want to blast the inconsiderate Human Resource people or "People Person" as some call themselves now AND Hiring Managers that don't take the time to give a candidate an answer, a final decision. I'm not talking about someone who has just sent in their resume, I'm talking about a candidate who has been in for an interview, not to mention four separate times for interviews. I'm talking about interviews leading up to talking to the CEO of the company and then…. hears nothing. NOTHING, bupkes, zip, nada. This is not only extremely rude and hurtful. It's inhumane. 
 What happened to simple common courtesy? I was a Human Resources person way back when and not only did we acknowledge every resume that came in with a letter but we called each candidate that interviewed and gave them an answer. Did we enjoy turning people down? No. Was it a hard call to make? Yes. But, at least we gave the candidate the courtesy, they so rightly deserve, of a phone call to tell them the decision. If we couldn't reach the person, we sent a letter, an authentic letter with the company's letterhead and our signature; because people have the right to know, one way or the other. 
 Today? They don't acknowledge you or reject you, they do absolutely nothing. Do these interviewers and hiring managers think that because the economy is so bad and that they have so many applicants it makes it okay to just let things slide. It is not okay, it is never okay; it is wrong. Gee, I guess after several months and no return phone calls you assume you didn't get the job. Don't they know that it's the waiting that is torturous? In this scenario, "silence is not golden" silence stinks, it's a cop-out, it's cowardly. Tell me, just try to tell me that these hiring managers or employment representatives don't have thirty seconds to either pick up the phone (what am I thinking?) or at the very least send an e-mail. An e-mail would give the candidates closure but no, job seekers don't even get that. Why not? To me, it's totally unacceptable and nobody can convince me that you can't write an e-mail that says "thanks but no thanks, we selected someone with more appropriate experience and blah blah blah". PEOPLE NEED CLOSURE so they can dust themselves off and try again. Apparently this is too much to ask for. 
 In my opinion, there are no excuses, it's just plain rude and demeaning. What kind of world are we living in now? What have we become? Don't give me the excuse about the volume of resumes either. I worked in HR for 25 years and we had resumes coming in by the hundreds. Sure, we were busy every minute but we made the time to call and let people know the hiring manager's decision. People are stronger than you think, they just want to know, one way or the other. So, turn on your computer, or ask your assistant to do it for you, write a courteous note, click send and give people their dignity back. There are no excuses. Just do it. People are going through enough of a hard time trying to find a job. You are just being rude and inconsiderate. If I could, I would start a movement against this. That's how mad I am. Very truly yours, "Norma Rae." 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  Uncategorized  |  Tagged  Business ,  Candidate ,  candidates ,  careers ,  common courtesy ,  companies ,  courtesy ,  decision ,  demeaning ,  dignity ,  E-mail ,  economy ,  Employment ,  Etiquette ,  hiring managers ,  Human resources ,  humane ,  Interview ,  interviews ,  job interviews ,  job seekers ,  jobs ,  knowledge ,  labor economics ,  Labour economics ,  letter ,  letters ,  looking for work ,  Mail ,  manners ,  movement ,  no answer ,  no reply ,  no respect ,  Norma Rae ,  Personnel ,  phone call ,  phone calls ,  President Obama ,  protest ,  rejection ,  resume ,  rude people ,  rudeness ,  strike ,  unemployed ,  unemployment ,  work  |   3  Replies 
 Lost And Found 
 Posted on  September 27, 2010  by   hibernationnow.wordpress.com 
 2 
 
 Image via Wikipedia 
 I haven't been writing at all and I don't know why. It's always a bad sign if I don't write. Now, I need to question myself, in public, about what's going on. The past week has been filled with pain, intensely painful legs out of nowhere with nothing to help dissipate the pain. Tylenol, Advil, Aleve, even Tramadol which I have been taking twice a day. Of course, I thought, I jinxed myself when I wrote that I was "lucky"that my pain was less intense than some. Past tense. Now I have a new pain that I didn't think was possible and I don't know where it came from or why it still exists. That new pain jolted me to a new reality and I hate it. 
 I'm bothered that my sister is my sister and not a friend I would pick and that the best friend I had picked has completely lost herself, in her marriage and her children and has not resurfaced for years. The stress in the house has become unbearable at times, with my husband unemployed and a Junior and Senior in High School. They have essays to write, exams to study for, colleges to apply to, jobs, appointments, homework, studying. We all feel the stress around us, inside us, despite of us. My children and husband are what keep me going; I not only love these three people, I adore them. They make me laugh, they make me smile and when I was about to cry today, they knew it long before I did. 
 Yesterday I laughed so hard I had a stomach ache, my kids put up a fake unicorn tapestry to prank their father for going to the Cloisters. After dinner with our friend Janis from California we all ate chocolate, one with a spice called cholula. We laughed and gasped through the pain and I downed two glasses of Arnold Palmer lite iced tea and lemonade afterwards. I went to bed smiling, the laughter being a delightful and unexpected present. 
 The holidays are almost upon us and I start thinking of my dad, who passed away 8 or 9 years ago. Why is it that I can never remember the year he died? Not being good with numbers has nothing to do with it, it's a mental and emotional block that I can't seem to get over. My father was the buffer in the family, the diplomat, the peace-maker. Without him the rest of the family is a triangle of raw emotions. I was the one who lost the person who understood me the most and who thought identically like me. There is a gaping hole in our family and as everyone who has lost someone they loved knows, there is nothing to heal that pain. It's like a festering, open wound and once in a while someone tosses in a cup of salt every now and again. There is before and there is after. Your whole world changes forever. 
 My birthday is coming up and as much as I used to love my birthday this year it feels like a dull ache. I don't care that I am another year older, I was never concerned with age. Whether I am 53 or 54 doesn't mean much to me at all. I don't hide my age and I don't erase my wrinkled forehead. These fine lines come from experience, both good and bad, they are here to stay. Earlier today I was thinking of my "bucket list". The first thing that came to mind was a tour of the tulip season in Holland and snorkeling in some Caribbean Island so I could escape the long, cold, snowy winters. 
 Life is short, I am trying to make it fun. Every day is a gift and I should appreciate it but sometimes I get swept away by all the negativity and I need to pull myself up and out of that empty hole in the musty, brown earth, inch by painstaking inch. I think I have found my voice again so after I dig myself out, I will be facing the sun. 
 Share this: 
 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Posted in  Uncategorized  |  Tagged  Arnold Palmer ,  best friend ,  birthday ,  bucket list ,  California ,  chocolate ,  chronic pain ,  college ,  college applications ,  dad ,  deceased ,  depression ,  exams ,  fibromyalgia ,  friends ,  grief ,  hashimoto's thyroiditis ,  health ,  High School ,  Holland ,  intense pain ,  jobs ,  legs ,  Medical Specialties ,  medicine ,  mom ,  muscle aches ,  pain ,  Pain management ,  sister ,  stress ,  stressful ,  unemployment  |   2  Replies 
 Archives 
 
 May 2015 
 February 2015 
 January 2015 
 December 2014 
 November 2014 
 October 2014 
 September 2014 
 August 2014 
 July 2014 
 June 2014 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 March 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2013 
 October 2013 
 September 2013 
 August 2013 
 July 2013 
 June 2013 
 May 2013 
 April 2013 
 March 2013 
 February 2013 
 January 2013 
 December 2012 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2012 
 March 2012 
 February 2012 
 January 2012 
 December 2011 
 November 2011 
 October 2011 
 September 2011 
 August 2011 
 July 2011 
 June 2011 
 May 2011 
 April 2011 
 March 2011 
 February 2011 
 January 2011 
 December 2010 
 November 2010 
 October 2010 
 September 2010 
 August 2010 
 July 2010 
 June 2010 
 May 2010 
 April 2010 
 March 2010 
 February 2010 
 January 2010 
 December 2009 
 November 2009 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 1,173 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
