Words + Pictures = Web 
 Buddy Scalera on digital marketing & content strategy. 
 Main menu 
 Skip to primary content 
 Skip to secondary content 
 
 About 
 Speaking 
 BuddyScalera.com 
 RX Digital Marketing 
 Comic Book School 
 
 Search 
 Tag Archives: Steve Jobs 
 Dear Apple, Market to Me 
 Posted on  October 31, 2010  by   Buddy_Scalera 
 
 Apple iPad 
 It sort of defies logic. Consumer buying, that is. There's a logic, and then there's consumer buying logic. 
 Take Apple, for example. Steve Jobs wanted to make " insanely great " products. It became a battle cry for the whole company, and as consumers, we bought it. They made the  iPod  and iMac, and we bought them. These were insanely great products that we had to have. Soon there will be an assault of iPad competitors that make similar touch-screen tablets. And yet, people will still buy the  Apple iPad  for some logical…and many illogical reasons. 
 Before Apple released these products, there were other computer devices that did similar things for less money. After Apple released these products, there were even more choices for even less money. And yet we keep buying the Apple brand. 
 Why is that? Well, we've been marketed to…and we like it. Apple somehow takes buyer's remorse and turns it into buyer evangelism. People who buy Apple get excited with their purchase and tell their family and friends. It is  classic viral marketing . It's better than  viral marketing , it's passion marketing. Social marketing and passion marketing. 
 It's the kind of marketing that makes us buy expensive cars with bigger engines than we can possibly use. The amount of horsepower that you can purchase far exceeds you ability to use it on any regular basis. But we don't mind. Driving can be about getting from point A to point B. Or it can be about passion, excitement, and sex appeal. It becomes a gap between what you need and what you want. 
 Want and need are two different things. I need a new computer for my home-based work. Could I get an inexpensive machine that does the basics? Of course. But instead, I will go beyond basic need and deep into the want territory. 
 I'm buying a new Mac. I like how it works. I get great service from Macs, so I am willing to pay the extra few bucks to have the Mac experience. I'm sure the PC would run similar software, allowing me to get my job done. But I like the Mac. 
 Logic gives way to passion, and I am voluntarily buying a product that may be slightly better in performance, but much better in consumer experience. 
 Is the Mac insanely great? You bet. But so are other competitive products that cost less. For $200-$500 less, I can get a similarly equipped PC. Am I actually paying for a better product or a better marketing experience? Let me help you decide…. 
 My new Mac arrives next week. 
 Links: 
 
 The Downside of Social Media for Advertisers and Marketers 
 Connected Devices: Does the iPad Change Everything? 
 
 Posted in  Apple ,  Gadgets ,  ipad ,  iPod ,  Marketing ,  Quotes ,  social  |  Tagged  Apple ,  Marketing ,  permission marketing ,  social ,  social media ,  social media marketing ,  Steve Jobs  |   Leave a reply 
 iPad - Content, Marketing & Comics 
 Posted on  January 27, 2010  by   Buddy_Scalera 
 Steve Jobs presents the iPad 
 If you're a Macintosh fan or a Steve Jobs zombie (  Jobzie?  ) today was like Christmas. Maybe even better. Today, as if you didn't know already, Apple finally announced the  long-awaited tablet device "iPad." 
 If you follow this blog, you know that I primarily talk about  content  ,  interactive media  , and  marketing . Oh yeah, and occasionally  comic books . So let's talk about what the iPad means for each of my favorite topics: 
 
 
 Content:  Well, as I've said before, it all  comes down to content . The best device in the world will only go so far on mediocre content. Touch screens are cool, but they need to be worth the extra cost. 
Positive: As usual,  Apple fully delivers on the iPad . Right out of the gate, you'll be able to tap into the iTunes store for eBooks, videos, games, and music. Plus there's probably a lot more content on the way. You can buy the iPad knowing that Apple will provide plenty of content in full, brilliant  multimedia and color . 
Negative: It's hard not to  compare the iPad to the Kindle  when it comes to reading ebooks. At this point, it looks like  Kindle's e-ink has an advantage over the iPad's screen . It's just nicer to read books on a reflective surface, as opposed to an active matrix display. Sorry, color just isn't that important for the enjoyment of text, particularly long-form prose. 
 
 
 Interactive media:  We're now in a society where we fully expect to be able to interact with a certain amount of media. And Apple doesn't disappoint here. The iPad is packed with nifty new tech that will allow us to touch, drag, scale, and game. We are at the tip of the creative iceberg, and it's exciting to just dream about the amazing applications that will take advantage of the iPad platform. 
Positive: What's not to like? It's going to revolutionize gaming and allow you to take your fun wherever you go. As a parent, I love portable movies and games.  Apps  are what made the iPhone special, and the same tech will work on the iPad. Nice. 
Negative: It looks like I may have to re-purchase movies that I have on DVD so they play on the iPad. Something tells me I will be buying a lot of stuff to feed my iPad. 
 
 
 Marketing  : At the core, Apple is an electronics manufacturer, but somehow they have managed to position themselves miles above the rest of the industry. Their brand is huge.  No other manufacturer can launch a product quite like Apple . Plus Steve Jobs knows how to give a presentation. If you're a marketer, take a close look at your lame PowerPoint decks and ask yourself if you can somehow do better. (You can.) Apple's marketing is a brilliant mix of art, science, and  magic . This is what they should study in universities. 
Positive: Apple breaks many marketing rules, but somehow they make it work. We can all learn from them when it comes to  branding and event marketing . Apple makes it look easy, even though they are probably working like mad in the days leading up to the event. 
Negative: What they do as marketers isn't really taught in school. And try as they may, very few marketers can match their magic formula for generating excitement around product launches. But is this really a negative? Nah, it gives us marketers an achievement goal. 
 
 
 Comics:  It's hard to say how this will  affect the comic book business . Comics are already being pirated and distributed through torrents. Up until now, people had to buy printed comics to get a decent experience. Sure, you could read a pirated comic on your computer monitor, but the mechanics were wrong. Monitors are horizontal, while comics are vertical.  Marvel's Digital Comics  actually give a pretty good experience, but it still required you to be sitting in front of your computer. I work in front of a computer all day, so sitting at my desk to read is a bit unappealing. Printed comics are still my favorite way to read full-color comic books. But for how long? 
Positive: The iPad could  make reading comics really exciting . I would love to read my monthly titles on a nice, clear tablet. I could store them on the device (as opposed to reading them in the cloud), that would free up a lot of space in my house. Set the right price, and I will pay for a digital subscription to my favorite comics. I'm ready, let's go. 
Negative: The pirates are already killing comics the way they nearly killed music and movies. If piracy doesn't stop, it won't make economic sense to create comics. Easy file sharing and torrents could kill mainstream comics as we know them today. The iPad just gives the pirates a better platform for sharing files. 
 
 
 So that's it. The 'Net and the pundits are already buzzing about the iPad. I'm going to immerse myself in the excitement and optimism. 
 Merry Christmas, Apple fans. 
 Posted in  Apple ,  Comics ,  content ,  ebooks ,  entertainment ,  ereaders ,  Gadgets ,  ipad ,  iPhone ,  itunes ,  Kindle ,  Marketing ,  new media  |  Tagged  Apple ,  Apps ,  comic books ,  comix ,  content ,  ecomics ,  ipad ,  iPod ,  Kindle ,  Marketing ,  Marvel ,  multimedia ,  Steve Jobs  |   9  Replies 
 iPhone Growing Up 
 Posted on  March 8, 2008  by   Buddy_Scalera 
 The iPhone is starting to grow up.  Slashdot: Apple Targeting Business World for the iPhone . Technophiles will understand these announcements to be a "pretty big deal." 
 For the non-geeks it means that iPhone can now accept some third party software applications, widgets, and security features that will mainstream it into the business world. It's likely to replace some the venerable Blackberry in some organizations. 
 With the recent announcement of the software developer's kit (SDK), Steve Jobs has suggested that the little-gadget-that-does-it-all is ready to graduate from college and join the workforce. 
 The iPhone will get a job, learn how to use business applications, play nice with Microsoft, and dress appropriately for work. 
 That doesn't mean that the iPhone doesnt still have to follow Uncle Steve's rules. In fact, while you still live under the roof of the Apple Family, the post-pubescent iPhone is still going to have a curfew. That is, applications and tools will still follow Apple Family rules for hygiene and decency. This is a good thing, since Apple users tend to be people who want their applications, hardware, and gadgets to all play nice together. 
 I dont have an iPhone yet, but I plan to adopt one soon. 
 Posted in  Apple ,  Gadgets ,  iPhone  |  Tagged  Apple ,  Blackberry ,  iPhone ,  SDK ,  Steve Jobs ,  widgets  |   1  Reply 
 Social 
 
 Contact 
 buddy@buddyscalera.com 
   Rx Digital Marketing Podcast 
 
 RxDM Storycast EP11: Fred Bennett – Digital Health Marketing Thought Leader  April 11, 2018 
 RxDM Storycast EP10: Dr. Brad Wyble of Penn State – Podcast  April 1, 2018 
 RxDM Storycast EP09: Chris Conner of Life Sciences Marketing Podcast  March 22, 2018 
 RXDM Storycast EP08: Jeff Greene of DRG Digital Manhattan Research  January 29, 2018 
 RXDM STORYCAST EP07: Jeanne Barnett of CysticFibrosis.com  September 1, 2017 
 
 My Favorites 
 How Chevrolet’s Ads Played It “Safe” & Failed a Safety Story 
 How Tigers Influenced Your Visual Processing 
 KPIs & User Journey Metrics for Marketers: Part 3 
 Conflict Is Story: What It Means for Marketing Storytellers 
 600,000 Years of Health Storytelling (Video) 
 Epic Interview with Content Marketer Joe Pulizzi 
 Brandscaping with Author and Marketer Andrew Davis 
 A Tale of Two Decks (Slideshare Experiment) 
 If You Can Survive This… 
 Defending Your Creative Ideas 
 Comics for Content Marketers 
 Snikt! Wolverine Infographic Claws Way to Successful Content Strategy 
 The “Idea Etherverse” (or How to Be More Creative at Work) 
 Why Marketers Should Drive a Badass Car 
 Recent Posts 
 
 Star Wars and Content Marketing 
 What You Learn From Blogs, Books, & Conferences 
 Why Goodreads Is Becoming the Social Network for Readers 
 How to Update Google Chrome in Under 2 Minutes | Video Tutorial 
 The "Idea Etherverse" (or How to Be More Creative at Work) 
 4 Easy SEO Tips for WordPress | Video Tutorial 
 How to Plan a Consistent Visual Content Strategy | Video Tutorial 
 How to Access Twitter Analytics Dashboard for Data on Your Tweets 
 How to Add Metadata to Images without Photoshop | Video Tutorial 
 How To Download an Image from Instagram Using a Web Browser 
 Duplicate Photo Cleaner Demo Video - How to Import, Sort & Delete 
 3 Types of Behavior Change for Marketers 
 SEO & SEM: The Dynamic Duo of Website Traffic | Content Strategy Basics 
 What Geek Culture Means to Your Content Marketing 
 HIGHLIGHTED: Everybody Writes by Ann Handley 
 How Chevrolet's Ads Played It “Safe” & Failed a Safety Story 
 Visual Content Strategy: Content Marketing World 2016 
 How Tigers Influenced Your Visual Processing 
 Marketing Tesla & What It Says about Us 
 KPIs & User Journey Metrics for Marketers: Part 3 
 KPIs & User Journey Metrics for Marketers: Part 2 
 KPIs & User Journey Metrics for Marketers: Part 1 
 Binge Watching for Storytellers 
 JAWing With JK: Part 2 of a Blog Series on Visual Storytelling 
 Movie a Week Marketing Training 
 A Tale of Two Decks (Slideshare Experiment) 
 Intelligent Content Conference 2015 Recap 
 Conflict Is Story: What It Means for Marketing Storytellers 
 600,000 Years of Health Storytelling (Video) 
 Comics for Content Marketers 
 If You Can Survive This… 
 Video Roundtable Discussions on Content Strategy 
 Infographics and Visual Storytelling with Author Ross Crooks 
 Epic Interview with Content Marketer Joe Pulizzi 
 Brandscaping with Author and Marketer Andrew Davis 
 My (First) Kickstarter Crowdfunding Success Story 
 Kicking Off with Kickstarter Crowdfunding 
 Buddy Scalera's 2013 Conference and Speaking Recap 
 Upcoming: Content Marketing World 2013 in Cleveland 
 Snikt! Wolverine Infographic Claws Way to Successful Content Strategy 
 Interview with Health 2.0 Matchpoint for My Healthcare Speaking Event 
 Interview with PR News for My Next Content Strategy Presentation 
 Interview with Content Strategy Author Ann Rockley 
 Interview with "Likeonomics" Marketing Author Rohit Bhargava 
 Would Paid YouTube Accounts Reduce Pre-Roll? 
 Interview with Kiss eBook Author Chris Epting 
 Building Our $35 Raspberry Pi Computer 
 Dad's Tech Quest - Introduction 
 Speaking at Intelligent Content Conference 2013 in February 
 Storming Retail: How Home Depot, Lowe's & Sears Miss Opportunities 
 
 Tags 
 advertising   amazon   analytics   Apple   blogging   book   books   Brand-You   branding   CNET   comic books   Comics   content   content marketing   content strategy   ebooks   ereader   ereaders   facebook   Flickr   Google   ipad   itunes   Kindle   Marketing   new media   Nook   photography   photo reference   photos   presentations   publishing   Search   SEM   SEO   social   social media   social networking   storytelling   technology   twitter   video   visual content strategy   Yahoo   YouTube 
 Meta 
 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.org 
 
   Rx Digital Marketing Podcast 
 
 RxDM Storycast EP11: Fred Bennett – Digital Health Marketing Thought Leader 
 RxDM Storycast EP10: Dr. Brad Wyble of Penn State – Podcast 
 RxDM Storycast EP09: Chris Conner of Life Sciences Marketing Podcast 
 RXDM Storycast EP08: Jeff Greene of DRG Digital Manhattan Research 
 RXDM STORYCAST EP07: Jeanne Barnett of CysticFibrosis.com 
 
 (C) 2021   Words + Pictures = Web  
 Admired Theme 
