We use cookies to provide you with a better experience. By continuing to browse the site you are agreeing to our use of cookies in accordance with our  Cookie Policy . 
   
 
 Sign In 
 Create Account 
 Sign Out 
 My Account 
 
 Free Newsletter Sign-up 
 
 Sign In 
 Create Account 
 Sign Out 
 My Account 
 
 Subscribe Now 
 
 Companies 
 
 Associations/Agencies 
 Feed Companies 
 Grain Companies 
 Milling Companies 
 People 
 Suppliers 
 
 
 Business 
 
 Commodities 
 Financial Performance 
 Mergers and Acquisitions 
 Market Segments 
 
 
 Trends 
 
 Biotechnology 
 Safety 
 Transportation 
 Sustainability 
 Legislation 
 Health and Wellness 
 Trade 
 
 
 Operations 
 
 Flour Milling Equipment 
 Feed Milling Equipment 
 Grain Storage and Handling 
 
 
 Advertising 
 
 Media Guide 
 Reprints 
 
 
 Subscriptions 
 
 Magazines 
 Newsletters 
 
 
 More 
 
 Country Focus 
 Digital Editions 
 Directories 
 
 Manufacturers Directory 
 Grain & Milling Annual 
 
 
 Editorial Staff 
 Event Calendar 
 E-Zines 
 Grain Market Review 
 Multimedia 
 
 Slideshows 
 Videos 
 
 
 Newsletter Archives 
 Opinion 
 Store 
 Webinars 
 
 Active 
 Archives 
 
 
 Whitepapers 
 
 
 
 
 Home  » ADM may cut jobs to help strengthen core 
 ADM may cut jobs to help strengthen core 
 Photo courtesy of ADM. 
 04.11.2019 
 By  Eric Schroeder 
 
 CHICAGO, ILLINOIS, U.S. — Archer Daniels Midland Co. on April 10 notified its employees that between now and June 30 the company plans to take “a range of actions” to strengthen the core of its business. 
 Jackie Anderson, a spokesperson for ADM, said the actions will be geared toward enhancing the company’s organizational agility, maximizing productivity, strengthening service to internal and external customers, and accelerating growth. 
 “One of these actions will be the opening of a voluntary early retirement window for certain eligible U.S. and Canadian colleagues,” Anderson said. “Others include capturing planned synergies from our recent acquisitions, and realigning our organization worldwide as we further streamline and standardize processes, implement new technologies, and eliminate overlap in roles and responsibilities. 
 “Beyond the planned post-acquisition synergies, there may be some individual positions eliminated as part of the restructuring of specific areas of our organization. As much as possible, we will try to minimize individual impacts by finding suitable alternative opportunities within the company. “ 
 Anderson said the actions are necessary to strengthen the core of ADM’s business and establish the company as a global leader in nutrition. 
 “As always, our priority throughout the process will be the respect and care of all employees impacted by these changes,” she said. 
 ADM in late March said “extreme winter weather” affected first-quarter North American operations more than normal. The extreme weather reduced corn processing volumes principally due to a slowdown in rail and truck transportation, which affected both inbound and outbound shipments, the company said. ADM said the severe weather disruptions are expected to have a negative pre-tax operating profit impact to ADM of $50 million to $60 million for the first quarter. ADM is scheduled to report its first-quarter earnings on April 26. 
 Companies   ADM   ADM Milling 
 
 
 Related Articles 
 
 
 ADM donates to help in Alberta wildfire relief 
 ADM, Kashi help bring irrigation to quinoa farmers 
 ADM, Wilmar strengthen joint venture 
 USGC study: U.S. corn ethanol may help Japan reduce greenhouse gas  
 China Agri-Industries looks to strengthen footprint 
 Sign up for our free newsletters 
From daily reports on breaking news to weekly updates,  World Grain  has the grain, flour and feed industries covered. |   Subscribe 
---|--- 
 Subscribe to Our Newsletters 
 Current Issues 
 
 Popular Articles 
 
 
 IGC forecasts total grains output record in 2020-21 
 
 
 InVivo in negotiations to acquire Soufflet 
 
 
 China approves two GMO corn varieties for import 
 
 
 COVID-19 claims life of longtime grain industry figure 
 
 
 Popular Galleries 
 
 
 
 Top stories of 2020 
 Highlights include the coronavirus pandemic, facility expansions, acquisitions and more. 
   
         
 
 Sosland Publishing 
 Editorial Staff 
 Magazine Subscriptions 
 Footer 
 Media Guide 
 Contact Us 
 
 (C)2021 SOSLAND PUBLISHING COMPANY Privacy Policy & Terms Of Use 
 Design, CMS, Hosting & Web Development ::  ePublishing 
 
 Bakemag.com 
 Bakingbusiness.com 
 Foodbusinessnews.net 
 Meatpoultry.com 
 Petfoodprocessing.net 
 Purchasingseminar.com 
 Soslandesource.com 
 Supermarketperimeter.com 
 
