  
 What:  job title, keywords or skills 
 Where:  country, city or area 
 
  HOME  
 REGISTER 
 SEARCH 
 LOGIN 
 BROWSE 
 DIRECTORY 
 INFO 
 CONTACT 
 
 Job Highlights 
 
 Location:  Bromley, England 
 Rate:  Up to £26 per hour + £150 welcome bonus 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 This job has been posted for more than 30 working days and has expired. 
 Band 6 CPN, Bromley. 
 Community Psychiatric Nurse, Band 6. 
 Vacancies working within the Community Mental Health Team, treating patients in Bromley. 
 A Community Psychiatric Nurse is needed to join the psychosis management team treating mental health patients in the community. 
 The role involves assessing, supporting and treating the patients. 
 The ideal candidate will be fully responsible for carrying out full clinical and risk assessment and be sensitive to their patient's needs whilst reporting the risk to senior staff where necessary. 
High quality care and ensuring standards are the highest possible, are crucial. 
 The role is to commence ASAP and the role is full time, working within the NHS, Monday-Friday. 
The hourly rate for the role is £26 p/h ltd. 
 Candidates must be a qualified RMN with a valid NMC Pin, and must have previous experience working in a community setting. 
 Candidates must be able to demonstrate the ability to manage their own caseload and the ability to work autonomously and under pressure is essential. 
 This a popular role with lots of interest, so please apply as soon as possible. 
 If you are interested in applying, please contact Oliver Parkinson on 01772 208963 or send your CV to oliver.parkinson@servicecare.org.uk 
 Please also bear in mind our £250 referral fee bonus for any nurse you refer who we place in to work on a 3-month contract. 
 We also offer a £150 sign up bonus for any new nurses that register with our agency. 
 This will be paid in your first pay packet. 
 The Benefits of working with Service Care Solutions: 
- DBS disclosures provided via fast track online services free of charge 
- 3 weekly payroll runs 
- £250 training allowance 
- Excellent pay rates 
- Specialist mental health consultants offering single point of contact 
- Frequent notifications of upcoming opportunities via text and email 
- Ltd and PAYE payment options available 
- Nationwide provider of mental health staff to over 40 different NHS Trusts and over 200 local authorities 
 
 
 Start:  ASAP 
 
 
 Duration:  6 month minimum 
 
 
 Rate:  Up to £26 per hour + £150 welcome bonus 
 
 
 Location:  Bromley, England 
 
 
 Type:  Contract 
 
 
 Industry:  Medical 
 
 
 Recruiter:  Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 
 Tel:  01772 208963 
 
 
 Fax:  01772 471473 
 
 
 Email:  to view click here 
 
 
 Posted:  2020-12-04 14:22:47 - 
 
 
 View all Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd  
 
 
 
 More Jobs from Service Care Solutions Ltd 
 
 Support Worker  
 Food Safety Officer 
 Social Work Team Manager 
 Environmental Health Officer 
 Case Progression and Assurance Manager 
 Service Administrator  
 Support Worker  
 CAMHS Mental Health Practitioner 
 Family Support Worker 
 Mental Healthcare Assistant – Leeds 
 Project Support Officer  
 Network Permit Officer 
 Commercial Services Manager 
 Compliance Support 
 SEN Caseworker Assistant 
 Administrator 
 Registered Mental Health Nurse 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Mental Health Support Worker 
 Customer Service Advisor 
 
 Terms of Use  |  Login  |  Register  |  RSS Feed 
 Copyright (C) 2001-2021 Forgroup Internet Limited. All Rights Reserved. 
