  
 Menu Bar 
 
 __ 
 
 Go 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Blog 
 
 
 Job Search 
 
 Job Search Tips 
 Between Jobs 
 Job Applications 
 Job Market Stakeholders 
 Job Search Ideas & Perspectives 
 New Graduates 
 Job Sites & Resources 
 Working from Home 
 FAQ About Job Searching 
 
 
 
 Networking 
 
 Networking Tips 
 Networking Etiquette 
 Networking Events 
 Social Media & Online Networking 
 Elevator Speech 
 Informational Interviews 
 Networking Mistakes 
 FAQ About Networking 
 
 
 
 Cover Letter 
 
 Cover Letter Tips 
 Cover Letter Format 
 Cover Letter Samples 
 Cover Letter Mistakes 
 FAQ About Cover Letter Writing 
 
 
 
 Resume 
 
 Resume Tips 
 Resume Format 
 Resume Template 
 Resume Samples 
 Customizing Your Resume 
 Resume Formatting 
 Ideas & Alternatives 
 Resume Mistakes 
 Resume Writers 
 FAQ About Resume Writing 
 
 
 
 Interview 
 
 Interview Tips 
 Interview Types 
 Interview Process 
 Interview Preparation 
 Interview Questions 
 Interview Skills 
 Interview Psychology 
 Interview Mistakes 
 Follow Up Interview Email 
 FAQ About Interviewing 
 
 
 
 Career 
 
 Career Advancement 
 Compensation and Benefits 
 Continuing Education 
 Productivity 
 Work Relationships 
 Work Environment 
 Work Life Balance 
 
 
 
 __ 
 
 
 Go 
 
  Home   
  Cover Letter   
  Cover Letter Tips   
 How to Use a Cover Letter When Your Resume Doesn’t Fit the Job Description 
 
 How to Use a Cover Letter When Your Resume Doesn’t Fit the Job Description 
 by Sharon Elber 
 There are a few common reasons why a  resume  may not fit a job that you are applying for. One very common example is if you are making a  career shift  from one industry to another. This is more common than you might think, and it is not necessarily a barrier to  landing an interview or a job . 
 Another common reason some people have a hard time  writing a resume  to fit a job description is when they are  returning to their career after a long break . Perhaps you took off ten years to raise children or did not need to work when married but are now going through a divorce. 
 Finally, you may find yourself in the unenviable position of having exhausted local employment possibilities in your sector and are now looking outside of your sector for a job that will at least  make use of your transferable skills . 
 Regardless of your reasons, a cover letter can go a long way to help explain why you may not have some of the expected sector related experience for the job you are applying for, but none the less should be considered as a strong candidate for the job. 
 Strategies to Showcase Fit on Your Resume 
 Before we get into cover letter techniques to help in your situation, it is important to be sure you have done everything you can to  customize your resume  to best showcase the qualifications, experiences, and skills that a recruiter is looking for when making hiring decisions. Where you can, showcase fit by tailoring your resume to each position you apply for. 
 A full treatment of this is outside the scope of this article, but here are a few quick tips: 
 Use the right resume format:  If you have transferable skills that you have picked up during your career, you want to be sure they are front and center. A  functional format  can help because it places the emphasis on skills and de-emphasizes work history. 
 Research the sector and the job:  If you are reaching outside of your comfort zone into new job territory, then it is important to do your homework and learn what you can about the particular industry and/or type of work to help make sure your resume points to your most relevant qualifications. In addition, this will be a critical aspect of crafting the right cover letter, explained in more detail below. 
 Use the right language:  Scour the job advertisement for terminology that may be sector specific and try to mirror that language in your resume. This can help with both  automated resume scanning programs  as well as those all important human reviews of your resume. Don’t make it hard for them to find what they are looking for or expect them to accommodate language used in your previous field of work. 
 Focus on transferable skills:  Just because you worked in one sector does not mean you have not gained a valuable skillset for jobs outside of your field. For example, leadership skills are in high demand and can translate across a wide variety of jobs. If the sector you are applying in has a high rate of growth, they are likely going to be more open to hiring from outside the field to fill leadership gaps, providing a great opportunity to leverage your management skillset in a new sector. 
 Focusing on transferable skills is also important in the work history section of your resume. How can you reframe the responsibilities you held to emphasize the kinds of skills your new potential employer will value? 
 Keep yourself honest:  When people are under pressure to try to “fit” themselves to less than ideal jobs, they can make the mistake of overreaching into deception territory. This is a surefire way to get a bad reputation and potentially land a job you are not qualified for which is a nightmare scenario no one wants to be in. While careful framing of your past work history is fine, adding in falsehoods isn’t. 
 How to Write a Cover Letter to Compliment a Resume During a Career Shift 
 The cover letter is a powerful tool for job seekers who are, for whatever reason, applying for jobs that don’t seem at first glance to be a tight fit with their work history and/or education. Here is where you can make your case that despite your slightly unconventional path to this particular job opportunity, you are still a strong candidate to consider. 
 Here are some tips to making the most of your cover letter in this situation: 
 Lead with Relevancy 
 It may be tempting to lead your cover letter off with an explanation for why your work history doesn’t exactly make you look like the most traditional candidate for the job. However, this can work against you by coming off as apologetic and drawing attention to deficit rather than strength. Instead, lead off with a focus on the most relevant qualifications that you  do  have. 
 For example, if you are applying for a job in  retail management  but only have experience working in the  healthcare  field, you can hone in on your five years of experience leading a team of diverse employees to achieve high productivity without compromising on quality standards. 
 Include a Positively Framed Explanation (Only if Necessary) 
 If the mismatch between your work history and the job you are applying for is a minor one, then it may be a good idea to ignore the discrepancy rather than draw attention to it in your cover letter. For example, if you worked as a chef for a catering business and now want to apply for job as a chef in a restaurant, then focusing on the common ground is probably a better strategy than bringing attention to the differences. 
 However, if the gap is larger, then an explanation in your cover letter can go a long way towards helping the hiring manager know that you are still a strong candidate. There are a lot of positively framed narratives you can use to put your resume into context in a constructive way. Here are a few of them: 
 This is my dream job. 
 When using this narrative, your goal is to tell the  story  of why shifting your career in this direction is moving you towards your higher passions and career objectives. This kind of narrative can be a powerful one, particularly if you are careful to emphasize why it matters to you so much to earn an opportunity to put your significant transferable skills into the service of your deepest passion. 
 Example: 
 
 I have over a decade of experience teaching children ages 5-10 in the classroom. Over the years I have found that my true passion and talents lie in connecting with the most disadvantaged students in my classroom and helping them find a path to success. I am ready to take my career in a direction that will make that aspect of my previous work more central to my day to day responsibilities. I am confident that the Director of Outreach position for XYZ Nonprofit will allow me to do just that. 
 
 I can offer a fresh perspective. 
 One way to leverage your slightly unconventional career ambitions is to frame your considerable expertise in one field as an advantage in terms of bringing fresh eyes to the table. This can be a particularly strong narrative to use if you are changing from one entire employment sector to another. 
 Example: 
 
 Helping customers to solve problems is key to building brand loyalty and cultivating long term relationships. In my ten years working in real estate, I learned to carefully listen to my clients’ needs and hone in on what mattered most to them during their search for a new home. I know that I have a strong foundation of tacit listening skills that will serve me in the Coordinator for Client Services position at the Community Center. 
 
 I know what I am getting into and I am ready for the challenge. 
 Sometimes employers can be hesitant to hire employees that don’t have a strong sense for their industry. If this is the case in your situation, it is imperative to do your research and demonstrate that you are aware of industry trends relevant to the job you are applying for. This can be an especially helpful narrative to emphasize if you are applying for jobs in a high demand field where the odds that they are willing to consider candidates from other industries go up. 
 Example: 
 
 I am aware that employee retention is a critical issue in the IT sector. I faced similar challenges of keeping top talent in my previous position as Human Resource Director in the hotel industry. I know how to keep employees at all levels of the operation motivated, find pathways for success within the company, and develop benefits packages that are both cost effective and highly successful at recruiting and retaining the best talent. 
 
 Avoid Negativity in Your Cover Letter 
 Finally, although you may be facing special challenges finding a job that is a better fit for your qualifications, it is important not to let that create a negative tone in your cover letter. For example, here are a few narratives to make sure to avoid in your cover letter: 
 
 I have exhausted all of the opportunities in my sector, so now I am resorting to applying for this job. 
 I would rather be doing XYZ, but that job is not available. 
 I am desperate for a job now, so I am willing to take just about anything. 
 I don’t really like what I am doing now. 
 I am not sure what I want, but my current career just isn’t doing it for me. 
 I am not qualified at all for this job, but you should hire me anyway. 
 I don’t really understand what this job position entails, but I am pretty sure I can do it. 
 
 Cover Letter Center 
 
 Cover Letter Tips 
 Cover Letter Format 
 Cover Letter Samples (200+) 
 Cover Letter Mistakes 
 FAQ About Cover Letter Writing 
 
 Recommended Articles 
 
 Writing a Cover Letter – Part 1: Grab'em From the Start: Killer Starts to a Cover Letter  
 Writing a Cover Letter – Part 2: Work That Body (of the Cover Letter, That Is!)  
 Writing a Cover Letter – Part 3: Close With Flair – End Your Cover Letter Leaving Them Wanting More  
 
 FAQ 
 
 How to Write a Compelling Cover Letter? 
 When and How to Use Bullets/ Tables in Your Cover Letter? 
 Why Should You Send a Cover Letter? 
 How to Write a Cover Email for Your Job Application? 
 
 Cover Letter Center 
 
 Cover Letter Tips 
 Cover Letter Format 
 Cover Letter Samples (200+) 
 Cover Letter Mistakes 
 FAQ About Cover Letter Writing 
 
 Become a Contributor 
 We are always on the lookout for good writers. If you are a resume writer, career coach or human resources professional and would like to contribute, please  get in touch  and earn your badge! 
 Resume/Cover Letter Templates Download 
 × 
 EMAIL * 
 Send Close 
 Success Popup 
 × 
 Thank you for downloading the template! 
 Close 
 
 WorkBloom's goal is to help you find work and reach your highest aspirations, one step at a time. 
 Featured Resources 
 
 Resume Writing 101  __ 
 Over 300 Resume Samples  __ 
 Cover Letter Writing 101  __ 
 Over 200 Cover Letter Samples  __ 
 The Holland Codes / RIASEC  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Job Search Center  __ 
 Networking Center  __ 
 Cover Letter Center  __ 
 Resume Center  __ 
 Interview Center  __ 
 
 Main Sections 
 
 Career Center  __ 
 Students & New Graduates Center  __ 
 Contributors  __ 
 Contact Us  __ 
 
 Copyright © 2006-2020 | All Rights Reserved |  Privacy Policy 
 × 
 Send 
