Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Full-Time In-Home Youth Support Worker - Abbotsford 
 Hollyburn Family Services 
 __Abbotsford, BC 
 Apply Now 
 At Hollyburn, we empower growth and inspire change and we’re looking for people to join our team who want to do the same. If this sounds like you, read on. We want you with us! 
 You are a positive energetic role model who has a passion and skill for providing support, care and can act as a mentor in supporting the personal growth for our youth at risk. You want to make a difference in the lives of people we support and play an integral role in supporting their successful achievements. 
 We are looking for a Full-Time In-Home Youth Support Worker at our therapeutic program in Abbotsford. This line is 24-hour shifts, Sunday-Wednesday (3 days on; 4 days off). This home serves an at-risk youth with mental health and behavioural challenges. 
 You must have: 
Minimum 2 years’ experience working with youth at risk and youth with complex behavioural and mental health issues 
Post-secondary education in a related field required 
Demonstrated knowledge of FASD, ADHD, and attachment and trauma issues 
Clear, direct, and sensitive verbal and written communication skills 
A current Class 5 BC Drivers License and acceptable driving record (abstract). Click here to download your updated abstract from ICBC. 
Current First Aid and CPR certificate 
Current NVCI and/or MANDT training 
 You’ll score more points if you have: 
Understanding of First Nations culture, traditions, traditional foods, and symbols of youth heritage 
A demonstrated ability to deal with challenging, street-entrenched youth, strategy development, mediation, counseling, advocacy, community networking, and life skills management 
A can-do attitude and willing to step up in challenging situations 
Demonstrated knowledge of different child and youth care approaches, the development of youth service plans, and legislation and government regulations applicable to the program 
 A (small) sample of what you’ll be doing (Full job description available here): 
 Completing daily reports and documentation for the youth 
Facilitating recreational and/or educational activities 
Assisting with and teaching youth life skills as required 
Encouraging acceptable social standards and setting and maintaining appropriate limits 
Maintaining household chores and encouraging youth to participate as appropriate 
Providing input into assessments and youth care plans 
 Because we know our team is our heart and our most important asset: 
 We offer extensive training opportunities to all employees. We support professional development and advancement within our every growing organization. Our salaries are competitive and our benefits package for full-time employees includes 100% employer premium paid BC Medical, extended health, dental, vision care, life insurance, wellness days and sick leave. Employees pay their own Long Term Disability premiums. After a six-month probationary period, our employees become eligible for our Registered Retirement Savings Plan where Hollyburn matches contributions up to 3% of gross salary. 
 If you’re still reading this and are as excited to join us as we are excited that you read this whole posting, then do not delay! Complete the application process below, telling us why you are the ideal candidate for this position by Wednesday, December 9 @ 4 pm. NB that once you click submit, you cannot come back to your application to add additional files. Please read the posting and gather all documents you will be submitting before you start the application below. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
