
 
 
 Jobs Home 
 
 
 Member's Portal 
 
 
 Login 
 
 
 Back to Search Results... 
 Farmhand Flower Pickers (181 views) 
   
  WTC  
  Casual  
 Doyalson, New South Wales 
 17/08/2020 
 Share: 
 
 We require up to 15 hard working, physically able, reliable preferably experienced flower farmhands to work in the upcoming season. Start time is around September 2020. MUST be available and ready to start from then. All to offer guaranteed availability for a minimum 5 days per week, 8 hours per day for approximately 6 - 9 months. Early starts. Possible extra hours of work to ensure all crops are picked/sorted as well as general duties completed to the quality required by management. Must be willing to undertake all duties as instructed and able to travel to and reside in the Doyalson area. Some of the duties required are: General farmhand labouring duties such as digging trenches, laying pipes, replacing greenhouse materials and general greenhouse maintenance. Picking, packing and bunching of flowers, weeding of flower beds, planting of seedlings and bulbs (constant bending involved). Outdoor work which can be very cold and wet OR very hot and dry. Labour intensive (physical) work and long hours in all weather. Reliability, attention to detail and high concentration levels required. Due to the nature of the industry, we require people with flexible working days and hours and no pollen allergies, colour blindness or the like. Gentle but fast hands needed. Ability to follow instructions a must. Casual flat rate based on Modern Horticultural Award 2010. Previous proven exp in above mentioned work highly regarded. Work is offered through an Agency on a casual basis. 
 Number of Positions Available  : 15 
 LOG IN TO APPLY 
 Use Caution When Searching For Work 
 Read More 
 LOGIN 
 WTC ID 
 Password 
 » 
 FORGOT PASSWORD? 
 Register a company account 
 Username 
 Email 
 Password 
 Retype Password 
 Forgot your password? 
 Enter your email address 
 © Work and Travel Company Pty Ltd 
 --> Having Issues? Email our support team <-- 
 Follow Us 
 
 
 
 
 
 
