Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Forklift Operator 
 Drake International 
 __Edmonton, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Drake International provides fantastic opportunities for individuals to work full-time long term temporary and permanent assignments. Our clientele are currently ramping up for their busy season and require great temporary employees to help with warehousing, specifically forklift operation. 
 We are currently hiring for a Forklift Operator that is experienced with counterbalance forklifts, reach trucks and / or cherry order pickers. If you are the right fit and prove yourself to be a superstar employee, this is your chance to get your "foot in the door" for a permanent job with our client. 
 The Ideal Candidate 
 The ideal candidate has a go-getter personality and is willing to go above and beyond in his or her daily duties. You will be eager to impress and make a difference in our client's productivity! 
 Job Description 
 Your day to day duties will involve moving product around the warehouse on the forklift as well as other general warehousing duties required. Our clients warehouse is an extremely busy environment, and as such, attention to detail and precision on the job are a must. 
 Requirements 
 You must be in good physical condition and be able to consistently lift 50 - 70 lbs of product that cannot be moved via forklift. 
1 - 3 years of experience on a forklift is an absolute must. 
Third party forklift certification is also required. 
Own form of transportation would be an asset 
Responsibilities 
 Must be open to cross training for different positions within the warehouse. 
Clear and legible hand writing for paperwork purposes. 
Operate sit down counterbalance forklifts, cherry order pickers and reach trucks on a regular basis. 
Identify and report any damages of shipments. 
Daily shipping / receiving of products. 
 Compensation:  $17 - $18/hour 
 Personal Protective Equipment you are required to supply: 
Steel toed boots 
Safety vest 
Safety glasses 
Work gloves 
Thank you for your submission. Should your resume meet the job requirements a member of our recruitment team will contact you. To ensure that you get notified of the new hot jobs we post every day on our website, join the Drake Talent Network. It's free, simple and quick. 
 INDEdmontonFlex 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
