Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Senior Procurement Officer 
 University of Ottawa 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Position Purpose 
 Acts in an advisory role and is responsible for implementing and carrying out complex procurement strategies and projects for the range of products and services under the incumbent’s responsibility. Provides users with direction and information on all stages of the procurement process and all elements of the computerized procurement and evaluation systems and coordinates some of the complex projects in order to ensure the integrity of the procurement process, obtain the best value, achieve savings for the University, minimize risk and ensure project success. Provides expertise in various markets and in the area of joint purchases in the educational field. Assists the procurement manager in managing procurement files in order to improve procurement processes under the incumbent’s responsibility. 
 Essential Qualifications 
 Undergraduate degree in a related field or equivalent combination of experience and education. 
Certificate in supply chain management through the Supply Chain Management Association or equivalent organization. 
Minimum seven years of proven experience in procurement, including two years working on complex procurement projects and requests for proposals in the field of construction, renovations and building maintenance. 
Knowledge of the various types of contracts used in the field of construction (CCDC, OAA, ACEC). 
Demonstrated ability to conduct difficult negotiations, developed through extensive experience. 
Organizational and planning skills. 
Teamwork and collaborative approach. 
Demonstrated leadership skills. 
Ability to work under pressure and handle multiple tasks simultaneously. 
Knowledge of standards and laws governing internal trade in Ontario and their application to public institutions (Agreement on Internal Trade, broader public service, taxes, duties, etc.). 
Good analytical and business skills. 
Knowledge of day-to-day operations and procedures related to control systems and computerized procurement systems (including e-commerce). 
Knowledge of financial systems, Microsoft products and public tendering systems (such as MERX). 
Bilingualism – French and English (spoken and written). 
 Key Competencies 
 Key competencies required at the University of Ottawa: 
 Planning:  Organize in time a series of actions or events in order to achieve an objective or a project. Plan and organize own work and priorities in regular daily activities. 
 Initiative:  Demonstrate creativity and initiative to suggest improvements and encourage positive results. Be proactive and self-starting. Show availability and willingness to go above and beyond expectations whenever possible. 
 Service Excellence:  Reflect a positive attitude, demonstrate competence and professionalism, treat members of the community with respect, exercise care, devote full attention and find solutions. (Visit the section "Useful links" on the home page to read the detailed definition). 
 Teamwork and Cooperation:  Cooperate and work well with other members of the team to reach common goal. Accept and give constructive feedback. Adjust own behaviour to reach team goals. 
 Note 
 All qualified candidates are invited to apply; however, preference will be given to Canadian citizens and permanent residents. The University of Ottawa is an equal opportunity employer. We strongly encourage applications from women, Aboriginal peoples, persons with disabilities and members of visible minorities. If you are invited to continue the selection process, please notify us of any particular adaptive measures you might require. 
 Contract of approximately 36 months, with possibility of renewal. Eligibility to benefits and union affiliation will be determined upon hiring. All applications will be considered equally. Schedule with an average of 35hrs/week. Workshops offered by Leadership, Learning and Organizational Development that you have taken may be considered an asset if you apply for a position at the University. Don’t forget to list them on your CV. We thank all candidates for applying. We will only contact candidates selected for further consideration. Any information you send us will be handled respectfully and in complete confidence. Remember to upload a copy of your diploma(s) or a certificate of merit as well as a current version of your CV into the My documents section of your career profile (please include the job ID number, i.e. J0000-0000, in the title of your document). 
 I confirm that I have read and agree to the disclaimer below 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
