Skip to content 
 
 Main Menu 
 
 Home 
 Events 
 About 
 Blog 
 Contact 
 
 Career Coaching with Sho 
 We help you pivot into your dream role. 
 The saying that finding a job is a job itself is undoubtably true. Whether you're an industry veteran or new to the workforce, landing your dream job can be a scary and daunting task. Through  Workhap  career coaching, we want to work with you to bring and show your very best self to the job search. 
 We have helped clients land their dream jobs in  : 
 
 
 
 1:1 Coaching Sessions 
 The first step is understanding you! Each 1:1 career coaching sessions is tailored for you and your specific career situation. Through coaching and consulting methods we will get primed results to help you succeed in your career. 
 CV & LinkedIn Revamp 
 Forget the handshake, it’s your CV and LinkedIn profile that make or break it in the first impression. You will receive a uniquely customized CV and revamped LinkedIn profile that optimizes your profile with keywords, highlights your unique stories, and brings out the best in you. 
 Interview Training 
 Go through a full interview with Sho and learn how to give answers that recruiters and hiring managers  want  to hear. These mock interviews are designed to be as close to the real thing as possible to make sure that you’ve got everything you need to shine on the big day. 
 
 Land your dream job. 
 Discovery Call 
 
 Take your career to the next level 
 Be part of our 15,000+ strong community and get updates right to your inbox! 
 Subscribe 
 We promise to never send you spam. 
 Subscribe 
 Thank you! 
 You have successfully joined our subscriber list. 
  💥 DOORS CLOSE IN 2 HOURS FOR GET HIRED ACADEMY!  
  If I had a magic wand as a Career Coach, I wouldn'  
  Everyone, meet Tris, one of my first clients since  
  Ahhh so much love we got yesterday! Thank you all   
  Happy New Year, everyone! Here’s to new habits,   
   
  Linkedin-in __ 
  Instagram __ 
  Facebook-f __ 
  Envelope __ 
 Copyright © 2021 Workhap | All Rights Reserved |  Terms& Conditions 
