Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Talent Acquisition Coordinator 
 Loblaw Companies Limited 
 __Brampton, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Location: 
1 Presidents Choice Circle, Brampton, Ontario, L6Y 5S5 
 The decision to join a company is a big one. We have opportunities for hard working, energetic and reliable people just like you. 
 Why is this role important? 
 Talent Acquisition Coordinator – Human Resources 
 We connect Canadians through Technology to the things that matter most. Food, Health, Money and Time, so they can live their life well. We enable our business strategy with world-class products and services. We’re creative, agile, and collaborative, solving complex problems at pace. We run as one team, value diversity, and dig deep to always know more. We lay the foundation, we secure the organization. We influence the future. A better tomorrow for our customers. WE ARE LOBLAW TECHNOLOGY! 
 This 12-month internship role will support the Loblaw Technology HR Team based out of our Corporate Head Office at 1 President Choice Circle in Brampton and in the interim based virtually. The Recruitment Coordinator will report to the HR Director and support end-to-end recruitment initiatives . 
 What You’ll Do & Learn: 
Posting all open roles for the Technology organization across all our job boards – internal and external. 
 Book interviews with prospective candidates. 
 Generate offer letters for our successful candidates. 
 Initiate background checks with our third-party provider. 
 Complete ready for hire and on-boarding activities to ensure Day 1 Productivity. 
 Assist Director with research, analysis and implementation of programs, reports and projects as required. 
 What You 'll Need: 
Post-secondary education preferably in Human Resources Management. 
 Previous work experience with Workday – approval workflow, reporting, and recruitment module would be a nice to have. 
 Advanced computer skills required in MS Office (Excel, Word, Power Point, Outlook) including: VLOOKUP and Pivot Tables. 
 Strong integrity with ability to maintain confidentiality and manage highly sensitive information. 
 Exceptional interpersonal, communication (written and verbal) and problem-solving skills along with a proactive mindset. 
 Customer focused and able to nurture positive customer relationships while maintaining exceptional commitment to service with a strong sense of urgency. 
 Highly motivated, self-starter, requiring little direction. 
 Travel is required to various office locations – 243 Consumers Road and Lakeshore & Bathurst once return to office recommences. 
 How You’ll Succeed: 
At Loblaw, we seek great people to continually strengthen our culture. We believe great people model our values, are authentic, build trust and make connections. 
 If that sounds like you, and you are open-minded, responsive to change and up to the challenges provided in a fast-paced retail environment, apply today. 
 In addition, we believe that compliance with laws is about doing the right thing. Upholding the law is part of our Code of Conduct – it reinforces what our customers and stakeholders expect of us. 
 Employment Type: 
Full time 
 Type of Role: 
Temporary (Fixed Term) 
 Type of Contract: 
Fixed Term 
 Loblaw recognizes Canada's diversity as a source of national pride and strength. We have made it a priority to reflect our nation’s evolving diversity in the products we sell, the people we hire, and the culture we create in our organization. Accommodation is available upon request for applicants with disabilities in the recruitment and assessment process and when hired. 
 Please Note:  If you have Employee Self Service (ESS) on Workday, apply to this job via the Workday application. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
