Menu 
 
 [About Wevo 
 
 ](/en/about-wevo) 
 English __ 
 
 German 
 
 Asia-Pacific 
 
 
 __ 
 
 About Wevo 
 Careers 
 Expertise 
 Your industry 
 Products 
 Properties 
 
 Careers 
 at Wevo 
 Wevo is a vigorous and dynamic company that welcomes individuals who have the desire to bring their experience and expertise to our business. Wevo provides a positive team-based work environment for its employees along with in-depth job training, flexible schedules and generous compensation. 
 Jobs 
 Sales Account Manager (m/f/d) 
 __DETAIL 
 We are looking for a new team member in full time. 
 Your tasks: 
 
 Technical and commercial support of assigned customers including selected key accounts 
 Identification and acquisition of new costumers 
 Customer consultation and elaboration of individual customer solutions 
 Expansion of existing business relationships and development of long-term sales potential 
 Global price coordination and tender preparation for your accounts 
 Supporting the annual budget planning 
 Monitoring customer contracts in collaboration with global colleagues and line manager 
 Company representation at various events 
 
 Your profile: 
 
 University degree in chemistry or related field, ideally with a focus on polyurethane, epoxies, silicones or other polymer technology, alternative business management qualification (college or degree) together with many years of technical and commercial experience with potting, casting or bonding solutions 
 At least 3 years’ experience in technical sales in the chemical industry (or similar) 
 Experience in the support and growth of key accounts 
 Chemical-technical knowledge and experience 
with cast resin and adhesives 
 Very good MS Office skills and experience with ERP/CRM systems 
 Competent negotiation partner and solution orientated team player 
 Very good language skills in German and English (spoken and written), structured approach, highly self-motivated and familiar with working in an international environment 
 Willingness to travel 
 
 We offer you: 
 
 Growing and established family owned company 
 Broad and diversified scope of duties with expectations for own decision making 
 Company car (also for private use) 
 Home-office possible 
 Structured onboarding program 
 Long time job perspective with further training and personal development possibilities 
 Short and fast decision paths 
 Performance-oriented payment, social benefits like company benefited retirement arrangement, group accident insurance as well as 30 days of annual leave 
 
 Mrs. Kristina Meixner from the Human Resources Department is looking forward to receiving your online application. 
Telephone: +49 711 167 61-559 
 Apply now Download 
 Can’t find the job you’re looking for? 
 Take the initiative and send us a convincing application. 
 Apply here 
 
 
 Wevo 
 
 
 Welcome 
 
 
 About Wevo 
 
 
 News Archive 
 
 
 Trade Fairs 
 
 
 History 
 
 
 Profile and facts 
 
 
 Presence 
 
 
 Careers 
 
 
 Expertise 
 
 
 Service 
 
 
 Innovation 
 
 
 Certifications and product approvals 
 
 
 Knowledge transfer 
 
 
 Your industry 
 
 
 Automotive 
 
 
 Home 
 
 
 Engineering 
 
 
 Energy 
 
 
 Products 
 
 
 WEVOPUR 
 
 
 WEVOPOX 
 
 
 WEVOSIL 
 
 
 Properties 
 
 
 Thermal conductivity 
 
 
 Reactivity 
 
 
 Flammability 
 
 
 Mechanical properties 
 
 
 Flowability 
 
 
 Electrical properties 
 
 
 Operating temperature range 
 
 
 Ageing resistance 
 
 
 Chemical resistance 
 
 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 WEVO-CHEMIE GmbH 
Schönbergstrasse 14 
73760 Ostfildern-Kemnat 
Germany 
Phone +49 711 167 61-0 
Fax +49 711 167 61-44 
 info@wevo-chemie.com 
 Press inquiries: 
 press@wevo-chemie.com 
 
 Impress 
 
 Legal notice 
 Provider and thus party responsible for the business and commercial website within the meaning of paragraph 5 of the Telemedia Act (Telemediengesetz TMG) in its role as the core law of the Electronic Commerce Standardization Act (Elektronischer-Geschäftsverkehr-Vereinheitlichungsgesetz ElGVG), and the Act Establishing the General Conditions for Information and Communication Services (Gesetz zur Regelung der Rahmenbedingungen für Informations- und Kommunikationsdienste IuKDG) is WEVO-CHEMIE GmbH, represented by the Managing Director Mr. Jochen Frank. 
 Information according to paragraph 2 article 1 of the Information Service Obligations Regulation (Dienstleistungs-Informationspflichten-Verordnung DL-InfoV): 
 Publisher & service provider: 
 This website consists of information provided by: 
 WEVO-CHEMIE GmbH 
Schönbergstrasse 14 
73760 Ostfildern-Kemnat 
Germany 
Phone +49 711 167 61-0 
Fax +49 711 167 61-44 
 info@wevo-chemie.com 
 Managing Director: Jochen Frank 
Registration Office: Local Court of Stuttgart 
Registration Number: HRB 213899 
 VAT Number: DE 812988009 (according to paragraph 27a Value-Added Tax Act, Umsatzsteuergesetz) 
 A company owned by Dr. Neidlinger Holding GmbH: 
 www.neidlinger-holding.com 
 Responsible for the content in accordance with § 55 section 2 RStV: 
Harald Isenmann 
 Disclaimer 
 1. No warranties regarding correctness, completes or up-to-dateness of website 
The content of this website is created with utmost care. Nevertheless the provider of this website does not assume any responsibility for the up-to-dateness, correctness and completeness of the contents of this website. The use of any content of this website takes place at user’s own risk. Contributions characterized by name express the respective author's own opinion and not the opinion of the provider of this website. Usage of this website alone shall not be deemed to constitute any contract between user and provider of this website. 
 2. External links 
The website contains links to third-party websites ("external links"). These websites are subject to the liability of the respective operators. We do not take any responsibilities for contents of external links directly or indirectly provided on this website (e.g. by “hyperlinks” or “deeplinks”) and do not express any approval thereof. When first creating the external links to the third-party contents, the provider checked these contents for any violations of the law. No such violations were determined at the time. The provider is in no way able to influence the current and future layout and contents of the pages to which links point. Hence, we expressly dissociate ourselves completely and explicitly from all contents in all linked sites in our document, which were changed following the first creation of the external link. Solely the third party is responsible for illegal, incorrect or incomplete content with regard to external links and is liable for any damage arising out of or in connection with such content. However, as soon as the supplier becomes aware of violations of the law, such external links will be immediately deleted. 
 3. Copyright and IP Rights 
The contents published on this website are subject to German copyright and ancillary copyright law. Any utilization not permitted by German copyright and ancillary copyright law requires the prior written permission by the provider or the respective owner. This applies in particular to the copying, working, translation, storage, processing and reproduction of contents in databases and other electronic media and systems. Third-party contents and rights are identified as such in this regard. The unauthorised duplication and forwarding of individual contents or complete pages is not permitted and may possibly be punishable as a criminal offence. Only the creation of copies and downloads for personal and private and non-commercial use is permitted. 
The use of this website as external link shall only be permitted upon prior written approval oft he provider. 
Each and any firm or trademark is sole property of the relevant company. Citations of trademarks and names of third parties have a purely informative character. 
 4. General Terms and Conditions (AGB) 
WEVO-CHEMIE GmbH operates under General Terms and Conditions, applicable at [Website] as pdf file. 
 5. Other terms of use 
Insofar as special terms deviate from the above Numbers 1 to 4 in regard to individual usages, attention will be expressly drawn to this fact. In this event, the special terms of use will apply to the respective case. 
 6. No use of the contact details of this legal disclaimer for commercial advertising 
The use of the contact details of this legal disclaimer for commercial advertising is explicitly prohibited by the provider unless the provider explicitly agreed to it in writing prior to any commercial advertising or in the ordinary course of an existing business relationship. Provider and any person as stated on this website hereby explicitly object any commercial use or transfer of the data of this website. 
 
 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS 
 
 
 GTC Wevo-Chemie englisch (PDF, 1MB) 
 AGB Wevo-Chemie deutsch (PDF, 1MB) 
