Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 CLK 09R - Registry Integrity Clerk 
 BC Public Service 
 __Victoria, BC 
 Apply Now 
 This posting is only open to current members of the Clerk 9 / Clerk Stenographer 9 Inventory. If you are not a member of this inventory, please refer to the Applicant Inventories page for information about applying to be an inventory member. 
 Registry Integrity Clerk 
Clerk 09R 
 An eligibility list may be established to fill future temporary and permanent vacancies 
 Advance your administrative career with this rewarding opportunity 
 This position is responsible for communicating with various stakeholders (e.g. health authorities) to gather information and ensure source systems data is up to date maintaining the data quality of the Provincial Client Registry, which includes both the Enterprise Master Patient Index (EMPI) and legacy Client Registry System (CRS). This includes (but is not limited to): investigating, merging, and unmerging multiple linkage sets, resolving duplicate personal health numbers (PHNs), producing workload statistics providing feedback and recommendations for business system improvements and conducting user acceptance testing (UAT) of new software releases. 
 The BC Public Service is an award winning employer and offers employees competitive benefits, amazing learning opportunities and a chance to engage in rewarding work with exciting career development opportunities. For more information, please see What We Offer. 
 The BC Public Service is committed to creating a diverse workplace to represent the population we serve and to better meet the needs of our citizens. Consider joining our team and being part of an innovative, inclusive and rewarding workplace. 
 For complete details about this opportunity, including accountabilities, please refer to the attached job profile. For specific position related enquiries, please contact Laura.Kingcott@gov.bc.ca. DO NOT SEND YOUR APPLICATION TO THIS EMAIL ADDRESS. For more information about how to create or update your profile and how to submit your application, please refer to the Job Application page on the MyHR website. If you are still experiencing technical difficulty applying for a competition, please send an e-mail to BCPSA.Hiring.Centre@gov.bc.ca, before the stated closing time, and we will respond as soon as possible to assist you. 
 NOTE:  Applications will be accepted until 11:00 pm Pacific Time on the closing date of the competition. 
 Job Requirements: 
In order to be considered for this position, your application must clearly demonstrate how you meet the education and experience as outlined below: 
 Grade 12 graduation or equivalent (for example GED). 
 At least 1 year of experience using the Microsoft Office Suite, including Word, Excel and Outlook. Preference may be given to applicants with at least 2 years of experience using the Microsoft Office Suite, including Word, Excel and Outlook. 
 At least 1 year of experience accessing and updating database information; checking database data quality and correcting as needed. Preference may be given to applicants with at least 2 years of experience accessing and updating database information; checking database data quality and correcting as needed. 
 At least 1 year of experience gathering, clarifying and confirming client information. Preference may be given to applicants with at least 2 years of experience gathering, clarifying and confirming client information. 
 Experience working in an IT systems environment. 
 Applicants selected to move forward in the hiring process may be assessed on the Knowledge, Skills, Abilities and Competencies as outlined in the attached Job Profile located in the Additional Information section at the bottom of the posting. 
 A Criminal Record Check (CRC) will be required. 
 APPLICATION REQUIREMENTS: 
 Cover Letter:  NO - Please do not submit a cover letter as it will not be reviewed. 
 Resume:  YES - A resume is required as part of your application, however, it may not be used for initial shortlisting purposes. 
 Questionnaire:  YES (COMPREHENSIVE) - As part of the application process, you will be prompted to complete a comprehensive online questionnaire to demonstrate how you meet the job requirements. Please allot approximately 60 minutes to complete the questionnaire. 
 IMPORTANT:  Comprehensive questionnaire responses will be used to shortlist applicants against the job requirements. Please ensure you include all relevant information about your educational accomplishments and employment history including job titles, start and end dates (month and year) of your employment, and your accountabilities and accomplishments. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
