Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 MS Azure Integration Developer 
 AstraNorth 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Job Description : 
 Work Location:   Remote during COVID19. But candidate will have to relocate to Ottawa after restrictions are over. 
 Position Description: 
Design and implement integration flows using Microsoft Azure services 
 
 Develop system integrations, using Microsoft Azure Integration Services to connect to on-premises, SaaS, and cloud-hosted applications. 
 Create RESTful or SOAP web services and APIs to transmit data between applications. 
 Collaborate with Architecture and Integrations team members to develop best practices and methodologies. 
 Plan, design, coordinate with various functional and application teams to understand requirements. 
 Support Testing and Validations. 
 Produce interface design specifications, build and configurations books. 
 
 Required years of experience, training, technical skills, and other requirements for job performance: 
 
 4+ years IT experience with at least 2 years’ experience in Microsoft Azure or Azure Integration Services. 
 Experience working with cloud/on-prem and hybrid cloud solutions 
 Experience using other integration tools like Mulesoft , SAP PI/PO ,SAP CPI will also be considered. 
 Experience with Microsoft Azure PaaS and SaaS solution development technologies including Logic Apps or PowerShell. 
 Hands on experience with implementing security protocols like Oauth2 or Basic Authentication. 
 
 Education: 
 
 Bachelor’s Degree in Engineering or foreign equivalent, required from an accredited institution. 
 Professional certification and post-graduate degree are desired 
 
 Security Clearance: 
Security Clearance (Enhanced Reliability Status) from Government of Canada or the candidate should be a resident of Canada for 5 continuous years 
 Job Types: Full-time, Permanent 
 Pay: $70,000.00-$130,000.00 per year 
 Schedule: 
 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 Temporarily due to COVID-19 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
