Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Provincial Lead, Virtual Health and Outreach - Child Health BC 
 PHSA 
 __Vancouver, BC 
 Apply Now 
 Child Health BC (CHBC) is the provincial network focusing on building an integrated, accessible system of service that improves the health for BC’s Kids. 
 Child Health BC is seeking a Provincial Lead, Virtual Health and Outreach. This lead role will leverage the innovation of virtual technology and work in close partnership with BC Children’s Hospital to extend the reach of the services and programs that support the health of children across our province. Key responsibilities include: 
 Leading and facilitating the development of practice and policy to promote program initiatives in collaboration with key stakeholders across BC. 
Ensure that an overarching comprehensive approach to regional service delivery that benefit children and local communities and regions. 
Represent Child Health BC on local, provincial and national committees and liaises with organizations as required. 
 What you bring: 
A level of education, training and experience equivalent to a Master’s degree in Health Administration, Business Administration, Nursing or an applicable health discipline. 
A minimum of five (5) years of recent, related experience in a healthcare environment. 
A minimum of three (3) years’ experience in a progressively responsible leadership role. 
Experience working with networks, coalitions and multi-partnered projects in a healthcare environment. 
 You have the ability to: 
Lead change, inspiring and engaging others in promoting change behaviors 
Lead, to build and maintain effective relationships 
Develop, implement and/or evaluate initiatives 
Think analytically and critically, with the ability to provide information in a concise and meaningful manner 
Establish courses of action for self and others that are results oriented. 
Communicate effectively, with the ability to communicate effectively and tactfully with individuals at all levels including the general public 
Create resources and/or knowledge translation initiatives and materials. 
 What’s in it for you: 
Every PHSA employee enables the best possible patient care for our patients and their families. Whether you are providing direct care, conducting research, or making it possible for others to do their work, you impact the lives of British Columbians today and in the future. That’s why we’re focused on your care too – offering health, wellness, development programs to support you – at work and at home. 
 Join one of BC’s largest employers with province-wide programs, services and operations – offering vast opportunities for growth and development. 
 Access to more than 2,000 in-house training programs. 
Enjoy a comprehensive benefits package, including municipal pension plan. 
12 annual statutory holidays with generous vacation entitlement and accruement. 
Perks include onsite fitness classes and discounts to 350 BC-wide recreational programs, travel, technology, car and bike sharing, and more. 
 For a full overview of the Duties & Accountabilities, please contact Veronica Wong, Advisor, Talent Acquisition - Clinical Services at veronica.wong@phsa.ca 
 Posting ID Number:  84325 
 Regular, Full-Time 
 260-1770 W. 7th Avenue 
 Monday to Friday; 0830 - 1630 
 What we do 
 Child Health BC, an initiative of BC Children’s Hospital, brings together policy makers, health administrators, clinicians, operational leaders and physician leaders from across BC who together have a bold, common goal – to work together to continuously improve the health status and health outcomes of BC’s children by building an integrated and accessible system of service. 
 Provincial Health Services Authority (PHSA) plans, coordinates and evaluates specialized health services with the BC health authorities to provide equitable and cost-effective health care for people throughout the province. Our values reflect our commitment to excellence and include: Respect people – Be compassionate – Dare to innovate – Cultivate partnerships – Serve with purpose. Learn more about PHSA and our programs: jobs.phsa.ca/programs-and-services 
 PHSA is committed to employment equity and hires on the basis of merit, encouraging all qualified individuals to apply. We recognize that our ability to provide the best care for our diverse patient populations relies on a rich diversity of skills, knowledge, backgrounds and experiences, and value a safe, inclusive and welcoming environment. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
