Skip to content     Search 
 Search for: 
 The Verdict's Out 
 Reader | Reviewer | Writer | Food Blogger | Traveller | Number Cruncher | Dreamer 
 Menu 
 
 Book Review Policy 
 
 Open Search 
 Book Review of "Dream Job" by Mickey J. Corrigan 
 Blurb: 
 After Adrianna sleeps with her hunky boss, she has to face him every day at the office of DreamCorp International. She has to test the company’s dream software with him in the office hot tub. She has to ignore the fact that his touch drives her to peaks of ecstasy she’s never experienced before. And that she’s fallen madly in love with him. 
 To make her life in tropical Florida even more confusing, Adrianna is plagued by disturbing dreams. Davis, one of those forgettable men she’d rather not think about anymore, a geeky guy she never should have slept with, stalks her. Davis has other ideas. He still wants her, and he plans to have her—in the murky dream world they appear to share. 
 Something strange is happening to Adrianna. And it’s making her wonder about her dreams. Are dreams more than a random rehash of day-to-day images, repressed sexual urges, and memory fragments? Could it be that dreams are the entry way to another world? A real world? A hyper real world? 
 Whether she wants to or not, Adrianna is about to find out all about the dream world. After all, she’s landed her Dream Job. And she’s in love with the man of her dreams. 
 Genre: Sci Fi / Short Story / Romance Suspense 
 My Review: 
 "Dream Job" takes dreams and science fiction, merges them and takes them to a completely different level altogether. The story starts in a typical manner with a passing relationship that ends abruptly and an erotic crush on the boss. But very soon, a twists comes with the concept of dream stalking. Is it really dream stalking? Or is it just the subconscious mind working over time? Very soon, as the story comes to an end, another dramatic twist comes which completely shifts the story upside down and brings another whole new concept of dream editing using technology. 
 Although the start is a bit confusing and soon into the story, it feels like it is going neither here nor there, that is how Mickey wants us to feel while she prepares to deliver the final punch in the end. There are some sensual scenes in the book, but they are tastefully done and does not appear vulgar or too erotic. The story, however, is not for everyone. It can only be understood and appreciated by those who like science fiction. It is slightly heavy and requires imagination to grasp the suspense and climax of the story. For others, the subtlety can be easily lost, thereby missing out on the whole point of the book. That is the only drawback of the book. Otherwise it is a bomb in a small package. 
 Star Rating : 4.5 Stars ** 
 ** 
 Check out the book at 
 
 Goodreads 
 Amazon.com 
 Amazon.co.uk 
 Amazon.in 
 Flipkart 
 Barnes & Noble 
 Kobo 
 
 The Review is also posted on 
 
 Quora 
 The IndieView 
 
 Check out my  Review Request form and Review Policy 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 Email 
 Pocket 
 Tumblr 
 LinkedIn 
 Pinterest 
 Print 
 Reddit 
 Quora 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 __July 1, 2015 
 __ Review 
 __ Adrianna ,  alter dream ,  alternate life ,  alternate universe ,  boss ,  catch ,  centre ,  dream ,  dream catcher ,  dream change ,  dream hack ,  dream in a dream ,  dream software ,  dream world ,  DreamCorp International ,  futuristic ,  hack ,  life ,  live in the dream ,  lover ,  Relationship ,  sci fi ,  science fiction ,  SciFi ,  Short Story ,  software ,  Stalker ,  technology 
 Post navigation 
 Father's Day Special 
 Right to Exist – Be the way you are 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Pages 
 
 Author Interviews 
 Blogs 
 Book Review Policy 
 Book Reviews 
 
 My choice of books 
 Blog   Book   Cozy   creative   Detective   Fiction   Mystery   Review   Short Story   Suspense 
 Blog Stats 
 
 6,912 hits 
 
 Top Posts & Pages 
 
 New stories on the new address 
 We are Moving!! 
 Book Review of "One Amazing Thing" by Chitra Banerjee Divakaruni 
 V for Valor 
 U for Uninhibited 
 T for Tempest 
 Book Review of "DIAMOND RINGS ARE DEADLY THINGS (WEDDING PLANNER MYSTERIES #1) by RACHELLE J. CHRISTENSEN 
 Book Review of "PEACH PIES AND ALIBIS (CHARMED PIE SHOPPE MYSTERIES #2) by ELLERY ADAMS 
 Book Review of "LETHAL WHITE (CORMORAN STRIKE #4) by ROBERT GALBRAITH 
 Book Review of "PROPOSALS AND POISON (WEDDING PLANNER MYSTERIES #3" by Rachelle J. Christensen 
 
 Follow Blog via Email 
 Enter your email address to follow this blog and receive notifications of new posts by email. 
 Join 210 other followers 
 Email Address: 
 Follow 
 Follow The Verdict's Out on WordPress.com 
 
 Up ↑ 
 Send to Email Address Your Name Your Email Address 
 Cancel 
 Post was not sent - check your email addresses! 
 Email check failed, please try again 
 Sorry, your blog cannot share posts by email. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
