Skip to content 
 The Energy Factbook. 
 Fueling the world with knowledge 
 Menu 
 
 Global Energy Demand 
 Fossil Fuels  
 
 Oil 
 Coal 
 Gas 
 
 
 Renewable Energy  
 
 Wind Power 
 Solar Power 
 Hydroelectric Power 
 Wave and Tidal Power 
 Biofuel 
 Geothermal Power 
 
 
 Energy Transition 
 Climate Change 
 Recycling 
 
 Career 
 Junior Data Specialist 
 The Energy Factbook relies on well-researched data. We collect, analyse, process and publish the data in order to increase the transparency of the energy industry. 
 As a Junior Data Specialist, you will play a critical role in ingesting and analysing data and providing superior customer service. This may include monitoring industry events and executing upon a variety of projects aimed at improving the timeliness, accuracy, and quality of our data. You will be required to work on your own as well as in collaboration with other team members. We trust you. We trust you to work precise, unbiased, and in the good name of the Energy Factbook. 
 Main tasks 
 
 Extract and rationalise data in accordance with established methodologies 
 Manage own projects aiming at highlighting specific areas of the energy industry 
 Procure content to support best-in-class coverage of the data set 
 Contribute to continuous improvement by generating ideas to improve the data products and/or associated processes 
 Participate in ad hoc projects to optimize processes and/or improve the quality of the data set 
 Feed our website (content management) and publications with your results 
 Report on findings as required 
 Be curious! 
 
 You should bring 
 
 A Bachelor’s degree or two years of working experience in a similar field 
 Fluency in English, every other language is a plus 
 Excellent written and verbal communication skills 
 Proficiency with Microsoft Applications, particularly Excel 
 Proficiency in content management tools (WordPress, e.g.) 
 Experience with data processing tools and technologies 
 Strong attention to detail and a high degree of demonstrated decision-making and problem-solving skills 
 A “can do” mindset 
 Interest in the energy industry 
 
 Is this you? If yes, we are happy to receive your application. 
 Apply 
 We are looking for the smartest minds, creative heads, curious mindsets and many more. But first, let us show why it is not only us looking for you but also you looking for us. 
 
 We are a young and dynamic team with roots all around the world (think cross-cultural) 
 We offer flexible working schemes (e.g. working from home and flexible working hours) 
 We have a flat hierarchy and applaud to an independent way of working 
 We trust in your abilities and understand that keeping you excited with options to increase your own knowledge is crucial 
 We fuel the world with energy facts. This means that we uncover fake news, myths, and misconceptions. You are Sherlock Holmes! 
 The energy industry is in a profound change. The time couldn’t possibly be more exciting, and you can be a part of this revolution 
 
 To apply or to just get in touch with us, send your CV to yannick@kramm.ch and write your motivation directly in the E-Mail. 
 We are an equal opportunity employer and value diversity at our company. We do not discriminate on the basis of race, religion, colour, national origin, gender, sexual orientation, age, marital status, veteran status, or disability status. 
 Subscribe 
 
 Initiatives 
 Patreon 
 Newsletter 
 
 Footer 
 
 About the Energy Factbook 
 Contact Us 
 Career 
 Terms and Privacy Statement 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Terms and Privacy Statement  
