Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Field Preventative Maintenance Technician 
 Arjo Inc. 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 **  Arjo is a global supplier of medical devices, services and solutions that improve quality of life for people with reduced mobility and age-related health challenges. Our offering includes products and solutions for patient handling, hygiene, disinfection, medical beds and other therapeutic surfaces. Whatever your role and whatever expertise you bring, the work you do will help make a difference to people around the world. ** 
 The PM/Load Test Technician will be responsible for performing field service activities at healthcare facilities throughout an assigned geographic territory. Duties include the promotion and completion of on-site preventative maintenance and repair services, maintaining a high level of customer satisfaction, controlling inventory, managing data and documentation while achieving all measureable performance targets. 
 The individual will have a history of independently servicing electromechanical equipment in a large geographic territory and should not be deterred by a fast-paced, demanding environment. The position requires a high level of multi-functional expertise and excellent time management skills. 
 Primary Responsibilities: 
 
 Provide preventative maintenance and load testing services at healthcare facilities using proper techniques, tools, test equipment and replacement parts. 
 Follow published procedures if a customer’s track fails load testing. 
 Achieve defined performance goals and administrative tasks. 
 Provide services to customers in accordance with the terms, conditions and responsibilities stated in Arjo Canada Inc.’s published warranty, preventative maintenance and/or operational policies. 
 Establish and maintain working relationships with customers and all Arjo Canada Inc. personnel. 
 Assist sales personnel in marketing all Arjo Canada Inc. equipment (joint calls, in-services, sales leads). 
 Comply with all health and safety codes and procedures as mandated by Arjo Canada Inc. policies, customer requirements and regulatory agencies. 
 Prepare and submit required/requested reports, paperwork and/or feedback. 
 Maintain expenses and required inventory within guidelines and limits. 
 Maintain a clean and organized company vehicle 
 Perform other related duties as assigned. 
 
 Relevant Education and Experience: 
 
 · A minimum of three (3) years of hands-on related technical experience performing onsite service while working out of a service vehicle. 
 · A minimum of three (3) years of face-to-face customer service experience dealing with technical and/or service related issues. 
 · Undergraduate degree in a technical discipline considered an asset. 
 
 Skills and Abilities: 
 
 Strong verbal and written communication skills. 
 Ability to recommend/promote/sell products and services based on observed client needs. 
 Strong diagnostic, troubleshooting and technical repair skills. 
 Computer literacy; familiarity with information technology concepts, personal computers, Microsoft Windows operating system and Microsoft Office applications. 
 
 The physical demands described here are representative of those that must be met by an employee to successfully perform the essential functions of this job. 
 Website: https://www.arjo.com 
 *Reasonable accommodations may be made to enable individuals with disabilities to perform the essential functions of this position. 
 Job Types: Full-time, Commission, Permanent 
 Additional pay: 
 
 Commission pay 
 
 Benefits: 
 
 Company car 
 Company events 
 Company pension 
 Dental care 
 Disability insurance 
 Employee assistance program 
 Extended health care 
 Life insurance 
 Tuition reimbursement 
 Vision care 
 Wellness program 
 
 Schedule: 
 
 Monday to Friday 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
