
 __ 
 __ 
 
 FAQs 
 Shipping 
 Returns 
 Payment & Delivery 
 Contact 
 
  __ 
 
 HOME 
  SHOP 
 
 Mart Products 
 
 Smartphone 
 
 Earphones 
 Headphones 
 Microphone 
 Phone Accessories 
 
 
 Apple 
 
 Ipad-Iphone 
 
 
 Computer 
 
 Computer Accessories 
 Laptop 
 Laptop Accessories 
 
 
 
 
 Stack Products 
 
 Accessories 
 
 Car Accessories 
 Fitness Accessories 
 Golf Accessoriess 
 Home Accessories 
 Men Accessories 
 
 
 Tech Accessories 
 
 Adapter 
 Air Conditioner 
 Camera 
 Charger 
 Coffee Maker 
 
 
 
 
 Apps + Software 
 
 Apps 
 Software 
 Software Program 
 
 
 Courses 
 
 Buy Cheap Courses 
 
 
 
 
 AFFILIATE PROGRAM 
 MEDICAL NEWS 
 NEWS TRENDS 
 CARRERS 
 REAL STATE 
 RETIREMENT 
 
 
 My Account 
  __ 
 Product has been added to your cart. 
 3 Job Search Ideas That Can Enhance Your Success 
 Finding a job generally is a painful experience. Here are 3 things that you are able to do to increase your possibilities of success. 
 1) Strategy finding a job as if it were a full-time job, because it is.  Should you had a job, you would report back to work at the same time every day (like 8 am), take an hour (or less) for lunch, and stop on the same time every day (like 5 pm). You would work 5 days every week. And you would work hard to accomplish as much as you can because your profession depended upon it. 
 When you're trying to find a job, it is best to observe the same kind of schedule because your future depends upon it. 
 Treating your job search like a part-time hobby guarantees that it will take longer. 
 So, start tomorrow by reporting to work and spending the day on tasks that lead to a job. 
 2) Strategy finding a job as if it were a mission.  That means you need to set goals for yourself, make plans, and monitor your progress. You need to apply all of the tools and skills that you just used in your last job to the mission of finding your next job. 
 As you will need to anticipate, this is an important mission. The earlier you complete it,sooner you might acquire a promotion into a job. 
 3) Be your own boss.  Set expectations for what you need to accomplish, provide path, and monitor your work. 
 Meet with yourself once each week to evaluate your performance. I like to recommend doing this by writing two reports. The first is a candid evaluation of what you achieved during the previous week. The second is a description of your plans for the coming week. Your plans should include your goals, actions, and priorities. 
 The first time that you just write these reports, write an evaluation of what you might have done so far. Describe the results that this effort has produced. And compare these results with what you wanted to have. 
 Next, map out a practical plan for the next week based on achievable goals. For example, you could possibly set goals for the number of people you will call, the number of networking meetings you will attend, and the research you will conduct. 
 Within the coming weeks, compare the results that you obtained during the previous week with the goals that you set. For example, in case you planned to attend twelve networking conferences and also you attended only two, it's best to: 
 a) clarify why this happened 
b) plan actions that can correct such a difference. 
 You should also analyze why you missed your goal because this provides insights on what you have to do in another way. For example, Your goal (e.g., of attending twelve networking meetings) might have been set too high. Or possibly there are things you can do that will make it easier to achieve your job search goals, such as car pooling with a good friend who can also be searching for a job. 
 Finding a job is a full time job. Work through it with a plan and the support of a great boss (yourself). 
 I wish you the best of success. 
 Related 
 Leave a Feedback  Cancel reply 
 Treding Post 
 
 10 Reasons to Use Web Push Notifications in e-commerce site 
 How do I make money with Pinterest? 
 LifePoints review and presentation of the survey site 
 3 Ways Making money from Facebook: how do you do it? 
 Bodybuilding Forums: Building Bodies, Talking Buddies 
 
 Products 
 
  Bath Diamond: Bioluminescent Bath Salts   $59.99 
  Seapro Men's Scuba Dragon Diver Limited Edition 1000 Meters Black Dial Watch SP8320   $418.25 
  OCLU Camera Adventure Bundle   $132.00 
  Hot Tractor Metal DIY Model Kit   $24.95 
  SmartRope: LED-Embedded Jump Rope (Black / Medium)   $79.99 
 
 [sibwp_form id=1] 
 WFHLJ Shop and COVID-19 service updates. You may experience shipping delays. Learn More Here 
 __ 
 Сonsultation 
 Our team of sales managers and specialists will be happy to help you find the right products and offers 
 __ 
 Shipping& Payments 
 We accept payments through online payment systems, credit cards and bank transfers 
 __ 
 Newsletter 
 Be the first to know about upcoming sales, new collections and special offers 
 Please enter a valid email address. 
 Subscribe 
 LET US HELP 
 
 Contact 
 About Blog 
 Privacy Policy 
 Terms of Service 
 Join The Shop Club 
 
 INFORMATION 
 
 Shipping 
 Returns 
 Payment & Delivery 
 Frequently Asked Questions 
 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
  __ 
 OUR STORE 
 
 My Account 
 Cart 
 Checkout 
 My Wishlist 
 
 __ 
 info@workfromhomelegitjob.com 
 MORE 
 
 Our Blog 
 Our Shop 
 All Products 
 WFH Ideas 
 Successful Online Businesses 
 
 306 Vine St, #7 ST, Claude, TX, 79019, USA © 2020  WFHLJ  by Jimmyfresh 
 Menu 
 This website uses cookies to improve your experience. If you continue to use this site, you agree with it.  Privacy Policy 
 Ok 
