If you're seeing this message, that means  JavaScript has been disabled on your browser  , please  enable JS  to make this app work. 
 Dismiss 
 Marketing Manager 
 Fleet Feet Richmond](/careers/fleetfeetsports) Richmond, VA 
 Share 
 
 
 $30K - $35K Annual Salary 
+ Bonuses 
 
 
 Full Time 
 
 
 Ask Us!, Health Insurance, Employee Discounts, Meal Plan / Free Food 
 
 
 Employer Fairly Likely to Respond 
 
 
 The Rundown: 
 As a Marketing Manager you will focus on reaching our current running community and new running and fitness communities in our surrounding area. This position works to drive customers into the store, reach sales goals and acquire and retain customers. You will focus on grassroots marketing efforts, social media marketing, email marketing, outreach events and expos, building and maintaining race partnerships, along with the coordination of packet pickups and race support. This position allows you to work closely with Store Management, the Retail Experience Team and the Running Club Team and the community. Joining Fleet Feet is joining a team and a community that ignites and promotes running and fitness. We pride ourselves on putting people first and know that what we do each day does not happen anywhere else, for staff or customers. Experience in the speciality running category is required for this position. 
 With this position you are also responsible for outfitting customers on the sales floor. As an Outfitter, you are a key contributor to our brand’s success. We strive to inspire the runner in everyone by empowering anyone who runs through social experiences and personalized solutions. Joining Fleet Feet is joining a team and a community that ignites and promotes running and fitness. You will be part of a dynamic group that builds and maintains meaningful relationships with customers, vendors, and peers by listening to customer needs, providing personalized solutions, and, ultimately, outfitting them with everything they need to get started or keep going. We truly believe that running changes everything. 
 Qualifiers: 
 
 Fosters growth of others through recognition, coaching and development opportunities 
 Promotes individual and team performance by setting expectations, delegating and by providing tools and resources 
 Assists with making business decisions, always putting staff and customers first 
 Builds and maintains trust from staff, customers and the community by using sound judgement 
 Self-motivated, detail-oriented, and deadline drive 
 Collaborative and customer-centric 
 Strong verbal and written communication skills 
 Ability to lead and direct others 
 Action oriented, level-headed, and consistent 
 Communicate professionally with customers and team 
 Support all Fleet Feet initiatives, activities, and functions 
 Has experience in the speciality run category 
 
 Perks: 
 
 High energy and fun atmosphere 
 Training and advancement opportunities within the Fleet Feet brand 
 Community involvement and community service activities 
 Training Program, Race entries, and Product discounts 
 Passionate team members 
 
 Want to join our Team? 
 Are you looking to turn your passion into your career, work with like-minded people in a fast-paced, fun and customer-centric environment? Then we want you! 
 More positions available 
 Apply Now 
 Apply Now 
 Password must have at least 8 characters 
 Continue 
 Already have a Workpop account? 
 Don't have an email address? 
 or 
 Continue with Facebook 
 By continuing using any of the actions above you acknowledge that you have read and agreed to Workpop's Terms of Service and Privacy Policy. Workpop is the preferred hiring service for employers and candidates worldwide. 
