Work With Craft 
 
 
 Jobs 
 
 
 Professionals 
 
 
 About 
 
 
 Our Plans 
 
 
 __  Post Job 
 
 
 __  Sign Up 
 
 
 __  Log In 
 
 
 __Menu 
 Interactive Developer LOCALPERMANENT 
 Job Description 
 Elevate is looking for an interactive developer to join our team building e-commerce and content management systems used by premium level global brands. The hired individual will primarily be tasked with front-end javascript development, but also have responsibilities that get into back-end coding and knowledge of particular platforms and tools. 
 The ideal candidate will have 5-8+ years experience of strong front-end development and a strong knowledge of back-end technologies and systems. You’ll work closely with visual designers, UX designers, and other developers. 
 Required Expertise 
 
 
 Advanced expertise understanding of JavaScript, its quirks, and workarounds. 
 
 
 Expertise in developing for e-commerce platforms. (bonus if you have worked with Shopify Plus, Magento, or Salesforce Commerce Cloud). 
 
 
 Expertise in developing for content management systems (bonus if you have worked with Craft CMS, Statamic, or similar system). 
 
 
 Expertise in developing and testing across multiple browsers, platforms, etc. 
 
 
 Expertise in responsive web development, fluid layouts and mobile device optimizations. 
 
 
 Expertise working in technical team environments and processes. 
 
 
 Expertise working with 3rd-party API integrations (our clients tap into a lot of third parties for implementation and skinning). 
 
 
 Specific Skills 
 
 
 Knowledge with back-end technology stacks (PHP, MySQL, Nginx, Apache). 
 
 
 Excellent skills understanding valid, standards-compliant HTML5 and CSS3 techniques. 
 
 
 Experience optimizing front-end performance, by coding practices and tools. 
 
 
 Expertise with module builders and task runners (Webpack, Gulp). 
 
 
 Expertise with CSS pre and post processors (Sass, PostCSS, etc) 
 
 
 Expertise with the Git version control system. 
 
 
 Must understand accessibility and security compliance. 
 
 
 Bonus, if you are familiar with Docker. 
 
 
 Bonus, you have a strong knowledge of command line (bash, zsh, etc). 
 
 
 Bonus, if you are proficient in MacOS (most of our tools, licenses, and processes are mac only). Drink the Kool-Aid™. 
 
 
 Attributes 
 
 
 Extreme passion for detail and technology. 
 
 
 Must appreciate good design and know when something feels out of place. 
 
 
 Excellent debugging and problem-solving skills. 
 
 
 Communicative and clear under tight deadlines. 
 
 
 Ability to interact professionally with a diverse group of people. 
 
 
 Strong time management and problem-solving capabilities. 
 
 
 Enthusiasm to work in a fast-paced and dynamically changing environment. 
 
 
 Self-motivated, can work without supervision and be proactive in solving a challenge. 
 
 
 Demonstrated ability to accurately estimate and scope development work. 
 
 
 Approach technical challenges with an open mind and desire to innovate. 
 
 
 Education 
 Bachelor's degree in related field (preferred). 
 About Elevate 
 Elevate is a privately held, Chicago-headquartered agency offering digital commerce design and development for some of the most well recognized brands in the US. 
 We offer competitive compensation perks including: 
 
 
 Subsidized Health, Dental and Vision Insurance 
 
 
 401K Plan 
 
 
 Pre-tax Transportation Benefit 
 
 
 Flexible Spending Account 
 
 
 Term Life and LTD Benefit 
 
 
 15 days paid vacation in your first year 
 
 
 Paid Volunteer Time off 
 
 
 Flexplace work option 
 
 
 Summer hour Fridays 
 
 
 A casual and fun work environment 
 
 
 Please visit us at www.elevatedigitalcommerce.com 
 How to Apply 
 https://www.jsco.re/25pyl 
 Contact Info 
 
 __ 
 
 Location:  Chicago, IL 
 
 __ 
 
 Phone Number:   3129321104 
 
 __ 
 
 Email Address: 
 __  Posted September 26, 2018 
 Follow Us 
 
 __ 
 __ 
 
 Work With Craft (C) 2021. All Rights Reserved. 
