Work In Finland  Jobs in Finland for English speaking professionals and more 
 JOB SEEKERS   RECRUITERS 
 Menu 
 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 Finland News 
 Contact 
 Advertise with Us 
 Login/Register 
 Submit a Job 
 
 Job categories 
 
 New Jobs 
 Agriculture Jobs 
 Construction Jobs 
 Education Jobs 
 Finance Jobs 
 Health Jobs 
 Hospitality Jobs 
 IT Jobs 
 Office Jobs 
 Other Jobs 
 
 Search 
 Radius: Auto 1 km 5 km 10 km 50 km 100 km 1,000 km 5,000 km 
 3 Jul  2013 
 Full-Time Early Stage Researcher (PhD Researcher) 
 CASTLE -  Uusimaa  , Finland 
 NOTE:  This job listing has expired and may no longer be relevant! 
 Job Description 
 14 Early Stage Researcher positions within the Marie Curie ITN CASTLE on Sustainability Impact Assesment topics The CASTLE "Careers in Sustainability Excellence" consortium invites applications for 14 full-time research vacancies for early stage researchers (ESR). 
 Selected researchers are expected to undertake transnational mobility in order to implement an Individual Research Project (IRP) at one of the consortium partner institutions, as well as to participate in a joint network training programme. The posts are located in 5 different European countries. This ITN employs a joint network recruitment to the 14 positions, in which candidates are encouraged to apply to several positions in the network in order of preference. 
 Description By 2020 the increasing demand for biomass as a feedstock for fuel, fibre and food will have measurable economic, environmental and social effects. The forest-based sector is responding to the competition for biomass with innovative products, such as renewable chemicals produced in biorefineries. The agricultural sector is also reinforcing innovations based on fast-growing biomass crops. Such innovations may bear completely new bio-based production systems, the long-term impact of which on the environment, economic viability and social cohesion is difficult to foresee. Policy makers, businesses and civil society organisations demand that the sustainability of new production systems is safeguarded. 
 Hence, sustainability assessment methods that quantify environmental, economic and social impacts are needed for the bio-based economy. However, so far academic training insufficiently reflects the relevance of sustainability impact assessment in business and policy making. "Careers in Sustainability Excellence" (CASTLE) closes this gap as it combines scientific, innovative, problem-oriented research and practical training of young academics on methods used for sustainability impact assessments in the bio-energy and forest-based sector in Europe. CASTLE educates sustainability experts for the broader bio-based economy. The CASTLE consortium consists of nine full partners and 10 associated partners from six countries. The ESRs will be hired at the full partners under employment contracts. The duration of the employment is 30-36 months. 
 The compensation will be highly competitive, and the salaries will vary based on the country where the ESRs will be recruited (country correction factors are given by the European Commission). 
 Titles of Individual Research Projects (IRP): ESR1 - Ex-ante SIA system for biomass production from arable land, ZALF, Germany ESR2 - Dynamic indicator calculation in ToSIA using a framework for model linkage, EFI, Finland ESR3 - Multi-criteria evaluation of sustainability impact assessment (SIA) results, BOKU, Austria ESR4 - Assessing impacts of technological change on sustainable development, Skogforsk, Sweden ESR5 - Using material flow indicators for SIA of bio-energy systems, UNI-KLU, Austria ESR6 - Implementation of LCA in complex wood industry production, vTI, Germany ESR7 - Quantitative and qualitative impact assessment of sustainability with the aid of LCA and changed structures deemed to be crucial for biodiversity, Skogforsk, Sweden ESR8 - Harvested wood products carbon assessment using ToSIA, EFI, Finland ESR9 - Mitigation options through innovative wood product use, ZALF, Germany ESR10 - Sustainability impact assessment as management tool on enterprise level, vTI, Germany ESR11- Implementing feedstock management and carbon tracking modules in enterprise resource planning services, MHG Systems, Finland ESR12 - Footprint Indicators in Sustainability Communication, VTT, Finland ESR13 - Eco-efficient Transport, FCBA, France ESR14 - GHG emissions accounting and reduction in the forest products sector, FCBA, France 
 Nr of positions available : 14 
 How to Apply 
 Please  Sign in  or  Register , and upload a CV in order to see the How to apply details. 
 _Job Categories: Featured  and  Health Jobs in Finland . Job Types:  Full-Time . _ 
 1816 total views, 2 today 
 Related jobs in Finland 
 
 Type
Related Ads
Job 
 
 
 
 Location
 Finland 
Date Posted
 26 Jan  2021
2. Type
Full-Time
Job
 Eye Nurse / Nurse 
Location
 Turku  Finland Proper, Finland
Date Posted
 21 Sep  2012
3. Type
Full-Time
Job
 Dental Assistant 
Location
 HELSINKI  FI
Date Posted
 16 Sep  2014 
 
 Register your CV for FREE 
 
 Register as a Job Seeker to submit your CV. 
 
 Submit a Job 
 
 Starting at  € 99.00  for  30 days 
 
 
 5 of total 4528 Live CVs 
 
 
 * Browse by…
 
 
 
 Tags 
 
 
 Job Type 
 
 Freelance 
 Full-Time 
 Internship 
 Part-Time 
 Temporary 
 
 
 
 Job Salary 
 
 100,000 and above 
 20,000 - 40,000 
 40,000 - 60,000 
 60,000 - 80,000 
 Less than 20,000 
 
 
 
 Job Category 
 
 Agriculture Jobs 
 Construction Jobs in Finland 
 Education Jobs in Finland 
 Featured 
 Finance Jobs in Finland 
 Health Jobs in Finland 
 Hospitality Jobs in Finland 
 IT Jobs in Finland 
 Office Jobs in Finland 
 Other Jobs in Finland 
 
 
 
 Date posted 
 
 Today 
 This Week 
 Last Week 
 This Month 
 
 
 
 dedicated 
 
 
 finnish 
 
 
 Freelance 
 
 
 fresh graduates 
 
 
 hard working 
 
 
 honest 
 
 
 internship 
 
 
 language 
 
 
 Part Time 
 
 
 proofreader 
 
 
 retired 
 
 
 Social Media 
 
 
 Work from Home 
 
 
 
 
 Our Prices 
 
 €99.00 
 
 
 
 1 job only 
1 Jobs lasting 30 days, usable within 30 days 
 * €249.00
 
 10 Jobs Pack 
10 Jobs lasting 30 days, usable within 365 days 
 * €999.00
 
 UNLIMITED Pack 
Unlimited Jobs lasting 30 days, usable within 365 days 
 
 
 Related Blog Posts 
 
 Seven Finnish Companies in Dow Jones Sustainability Index 
 Most Innovative Countries in The World 
 Finland 3rd Most Competitive Country in the World 
 What sectors are in need of personnel in Finland? 
 
 
 
 * [Subscribe](http://feeds.feedburner.com/JobsInFinland)  
 
 Receive the latest job listings 
 
 Follow Us 
Come join us on Twitter 
 
 
 
 Resources 
 
 Finland News 
 Career Advice 
 Work in Finland 
 Finland Immigration 
 
 
 
 Loved and Trusted by: 
 
 
 
 * [Error - An access token is required to request this resource.](https://www.facebook.com/workinfinland)

* [1298](https://twitter.com/workinfinland)

* [](https://plus.google.com/+Workinfinland/posts)
 
 Made with love for  Finland 
 
 About 
 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 Finland News 
 Contact 
 Advertise with Us 
 
 Resources 
 
 Finland News 
 Career Advice 
 Work in Finland 
 Finland Immigration 
 
 Trusted By 
 
 Copyright (C) 2009 - 2021 Work In Finland. 
 We use cookies to personalise content and ads, to provide social media features and to analyse our traffic. We also share information about your use of our site with our social media, advertising and analytics partners. 
 ACCEPT   See details  
