Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Forensics Data Intern 
 Entrust Datacard 
 __Ottawa, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Forensics Data Intern -Career Growth, Flexibility and Collaboration! Location: Ottawa, Ontario or Shakopee, MN 
 Entrust is dedicated to securing a world in motion by enabling trusted identities, payments, and data protection around the globe. Headquartered in Minnesota, we offer our colleagues the ability to work globally, in a flexible and collaborative environment. Our team makes an impact!! To see how we secure a world in motion, visit cutt.ly/keeping-the-world-moving. 
 The Company:  Entrust relies on curious, dedicated and innovative individuals whom anticipate the future and provide solutions for a more connected, mobile and secure world. Entrust’s technologies and expertise help government agencies, enterprises and financial institutions in more than 150 countries serve and safeguard citizens, employees and consumers. 
 We believe:  Securing identities is most effective when we value all identities. We are committed to ensuring that, through diversity and inclusion, the many voices that make up our communities are heard. From unconscious bias training for managers to global affinity groups that create connections both within and across our enterprise, Entrust expects and encourages all individuals to accept and respect one another. And, of course, to be themselves. 
 The Position:  The SSL team is looking for a Data Forensics student to be located in our Ottawa, ON or Shakopee, MN offices. The successful candidate will work with the sales and support team to create queries and mine and analyze data to produce reports in support of sales, customer service and financial projection and reconciliation. The position is available for a 8-12 month term. 
We offer flexibility 
We offer a diverse work environment 
Futureproof your career with a job in information security 
 How you will make an impact: 
Run database reports and create and run custom SQL queries 
Export data as required for business and financial analysis 
Compare and reconcile data from multiple systems and report on anomalies and their causes 
 Qualifications: 
Working towards or completion of a Degree in Computer Science, Engineering, Mathematics, Business Analytics or equivalent 
Advanced level skills with Excel and PowerPoint 
Basic understanding of technical tools such as Python, R, SQL and Tableau 
MS or Google or AWS etc. ML application experience 
Machine Learning algorithms 
Prior work term experience - at least one prior work term completed, with experience in the software development lifecycle is an asset 
Strong organizational, interpersonal and communications (verbal, written, presentation) skills 
Works well independently and in a team, and is highly detailed oriented 
Must be able to lawfully work within Canada and pass a criminal background check. 
 The Location:  This position is based in our Ottawa, ON or Shakopee, MN offices. These are great places to live! 
 Why Should You Apply? 
Leader in the security industry 
Friendly, supportive & knowledgeable teams 
Opportunities for on-the-job training 
You’ll help secure identities! 
 Email me, Ruthie.Strop@entrust.com 
 For more information, visit www.entrust.com. Follow us on, LinkedIn, Facebook, Instagram, and Youtube. 
 Entrust Datacard Corporation is an EOE/AA/Veteran/People with Disabilities employer. 
 #LI-RS 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
