Significance & Inspiration 
 An eclectic mix of commentary and review 
 Menu 
 Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 What is S&I? 
 The Blogger behind the Blog 
 
 Publications, Awards, & Presentations 
 
 
 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous Post 
 We're Sorry, Your Browser Is Not Compatible with This Website -> 
 Just Doing My Job, Ma'am 
 Yesterday I watched an early episode of ‘Lie to Me’ where a couple has a missing child and Cal asks them, “Did you kill your daughter?” This is one of those things that parents who have lost a child at home don’t talk about. The feeling of knowing that this is what the police are asking, no matter how subtly they do it, is difficult to describe. For me, it went something like this: 
 We had been home from the hospital long enough to tell our three other children that their younger brother was gone. I was on the telephone with my sister when someone knocked at the door. I was numb. It was as though I’d fallen from a great height and couldn’t get air back into my lungs. 
 I don’t remember which one of us opened the door. I don’t remember how many policemen were there. One had a camera to take photos of Zachary’s bedroom. 
 “I’m sorry,” said one of them, “but we need to ask you a few questions. I know this is hard. 
 Mark went outside with one policeman. I sat on the couch talking to another. I described how we found him. What we did after we found him. Why each person in the house was where they were. The officer asked me why there was a belt hanging from the rail of Zack’s hospital bed. “We use it to attach a pillow,” I sobbed, “so he doesn’t…” 
 Pause. Breathe. Sob. Gasp. 
 “So he didn’t hurt himself on the rail,” I finally finished. 
 “I know this is hard, ma’am.” 
 I was too numb to be outraged. All I could do was shake and weep and stare at the floor. I wasn’t thinking about the questions. I wasn’t seeing the police officer. I was running the past two days through my head trying to figure out if I’d somehow missed some sign that Zack wasn’t feeling well. I was seeing my boy on a gurney in the living room with EMTs all around him. I was bleeding from a wound that no one could see. 
 Almost a year later, I wish that I was still numb. 
 But I’m not outraged that the police asked us these questions. I’m thankful that these men were kind and professional in the way that they approached an incredibly difficult part of their job. And I’m very, very sad that there are people in the world that make it so that police have to ask. 
 Share this: 
 
 Twitter 
 Facebook 
 
 
 Like this: 
 Like Loading... 
 Related 
 Posted on  June 7, 2012  by  Larina Warnock  • This entry was posted in  Commentary ,  death ,  disability ,  grief ,  parenting ,  Random Thoughts  and tagged  death of a child ,  police . Bookmark the  permalink . 
 Post navigation 
 <- Previous Post 
 We're Sorry, Your Browser Is Not Compatible with This Website -> 
 3 thoughts on "Just Doing My Job, Ma'am" 
 
 Susan B  says: 
 
  July 8, 2012 at 7:59 pm  
 Wow, that must have been an outer body experience for you. And yeah, at the time you're just going through the motions. It's after, looking back that you wonder how you didn't just bleed from the wound you couldn't see. You wrote very well about a terrible experience. 
 Reply 
 * [larina](https://larina.wordpress.com/) says:
 
  July 9, 2012 at 6:16 pm  
 Thank you, Susan. Yes, I still wonder why I'm not bleeding. I don't know if that ever goes away. 
 Reply 
 
 Pingback:  Just Doing My Job Ma'am | Job To Do 
 
 Leave a Reply  Cancel reply 
 Enter your comment here... 
 Fill in your details below or click an icon to log in: 
 
   
 Email (required) (Address never made public) 
 Name (required) 
 Website 
 ****You are commenting using your WordPress.com account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'wordpress' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Google account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'googleplus' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Twitter account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'twitter' );) /  Change ) 
 ****You are commenting using your Facebook account. ( [Log Out](javascript:HighlanderComments.doExternalLogout( 'facebook' );) /  Change ) 
 Cancel 
 Connecting to %s 
 Notify me of new comments via email. 
 Notify me of new posts via email. 
 Pages 
 
 What is S&I? 
 The Blogger behind the Blog 
 
 Publications, Awards, & Presentations 
 
 
 
 Top Posts 
 
 How can we fight poverty? 
 Long-term Help or Right Now Needs? 
 5 Food Help Tips that Make a Long-Term Difference for People in Poverty 
 How Preparing for TEDxRoseburg Was a Lot Like a Nickelback Song 
 Five Reasons to Get REALLY Excited about Gamut 
 
 Archives 
 
 September 2017 
 August 2017 
 July 2017 
 February 2016 
 May 2014 
 April 2014 
 February 2014 
 January 2014 
 December 2013 
 November 2012 
 October 2012 
 September 2012 
 August 2012 
 July 2012 
 June 2012 
 May 2012 
 April 2011 
 November 2010 
 May 2010 
 March 2010 
 November 2009 
 October 2009 
 September 2009 
 August 2009 
 July 2009 
 June 2009 
 May 2009 
 January 2009 
 December 2008 
 November 2008 
 October 2008 
 September 2008 
 May 2008 
 April 2008 
 February 2008 
 November 2007 
 June 2007 
 March 2007 
 February 2007 
 January 2007 
 December 2006 
 
 Recent Comments 
 
 
 
 
 TracysaidO  on  A Few Notes on Film Adapt… 
 
 
 
 
 
 Complete List of Onl…  on  Five Reasons to Get REALLY Exc… 
 
 
 
 Just Doing My Job Ma…  on  Just Doing My Job, Ma… 
 
 
 
 larina  on  LGBT-Friendly Wedding-Related… 
 
 
 
 Cristina  on  LGBT-Friendly Wedding-Related… 
 
 
 
 Blogroll 
 
 Academy of American Poets 
 Autism: Getting the Truth Out 
 Community Organizers of America 
 Dogz Plot 
 FactCheck 
 Ignavia Press 
 Mudflats 
 PolitiFact 
 Rattle 
 Rethinking Disability 
 The Externalist 
 What Does Not Kill Me 
 WordPress.com 
 WordPress.org 
 
 Copyright Information 
 All material on this web site is Copyright 2006, Larina Warnock and may not be used for any commercial or non-commercial purpose without prior written permission except within limits of the Fair Use clause of Copyright Law. For permissions, contact Larina Warnock at larinamichelle(at)gmail(dot)come. 
 Create a free website or blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
 %d bloggers like this: 
