Loading.... 
 LOGIN     SIGN UP 
 
 
 Hire Experts 
 Find Work 
 How it Works 
 About Us 
 Blog 
 
 
 SIGN UP! 
 Before you proceed to sign up, 
Please select one of the following! 
 I want to Hire 
 
 --OR-- 
 I want to Work as an 
 
 
 
 Home 
 » 
 Freelance Jobs 
 » 
 Writing, Content & Translation 
 
 Project Results 
 By Job Category 
 
 All  (536) 
 IT & Programming  (205) 
 Graphic Design & Multimedia  (68) 
 Writing, Content & Translation  (130) 
 Data Entry & Admin  (41) 
 Sales & Marketing  (46) 
 Customer Service  (6) 
 Finance & Accounting  (15) 
 Others  (25) 
 
 By Budget (INR) 
 
 All  (536) 
 Less than 5000 Rs.   (166) 
 Between 5,000 - 20,000 Rs.   (136) 
 Between 20,000 - 50,000 Rs.   (63) 
 Between 50,000 - 100,000 Rs.   (30) 
 Greater than 100,000 Rs.   (32) 
 Not Sure  (109) 
 
 By Project Type 
 
 All  (536) 
 Featured  (32) 
 Full Time  (3) 
 
 By Time Left 
 
 Any 
 Less than 24 hours left 
 Less than 3 days left 
 Less than 7 days left 
 
 By Posted Date 
 
 Any 
 Posted within 24 hours 
 Posted within 3 days 
 Posted within 7days 
 Posted within 14 days 
 Posted within 30 days 
 
 By Status 
 
 Any 
 Hiring Open 
 
 Search Job 
 Writing, Content & Translation Jobs 
 ( showing 1 - 15 of 130 results ) 
 Writing, Content & Translation 
 Hiring : Open 
 Clear 
 Get Project Updates 
 PAGE 1 OF 9  
 SORT BY Sort by Job Name Budget(High) Budget(Low) Time Left(High) Time Left(Low) 
 WnH Recommended 
 Experienced Content Writing Coach/Mentor- YouTube 
 FIXED PRICE : 5,000 - 20,000 Rs.   Article Writing  Posted: 3 days ago Ends: 04th Mar 2021  0 Proposals 
 Hi, I'm planning to create a content writing course for YouTube. I am searching for an experienced content writing coach/mentor who can: 1. teach content writing (complete course) in YouTube 2. can record ... 
 Hi, I'm planning to create a content writing course for YouTube. I am searching for an experienced content writing coach/mentor who can: 1. teach content writing (complete course) in YouTube 2. can record high quality video 3. must have experience as a content writing coach/mentor(minimum 5 years of teaching experience) 4. able to clarify doubts of visitors Payment-We can discuss about it. Thank you! 
 Skills:  Content Writing 
 Client:  sanjay121  ,  India 
 Punjabi Typing 
 FIXED PRICE : Less than 5000 Rs.   Translation  Posted: 3 hours ago  Ends: 06th Mar 2021  0 Proposals 
 Hi, We are looking for Punjabi candidates to work on listen and typing projects. Candidates with pc and good internet can bid on this. Thank you 
 Hi, We are looking for Punjabi candidates to work on listen and typing projects. Candidates with pc and good internet can bid on this. Thank you 
 Client:  kranthi54  ,  India 
 Need A SEO Content Writer For Long Term Project 
 FIXED PRICE : 20,000 - 50,000 Rs.   Blog Writing  Posted: 16 hours ago  Ends: 05th Mar 2021  8 Proposals 
 Hello, I'm looking for 2-3 content writers for a long-term project on multiple niches. The payout will be 20 PPW (Fixed). Interested candidates should be able to write SEO friendly articles with proper use of key... 
 Hello, I'm looking for 2-3 content writers for a long-term project on multiple niches. The payout will be 20 PPW (Fixed). Interested candidates should be able to write SEO friendly articles with proper use of keywords. Thank you! 
 Skills:  Content Writing ,  Blogs 
 Client:  ashishrohra02  ,  India 
 Blog Writers 
 FIXED PRICE : Less than 5000 Rs.   Article Writing  Posted: 20 hours ago  Ends: 05th Mar 2021  6 Proposals 
 Did you write anything before on any topic, blog, article? If yes, then we are interested in your writing skills. Our blog and content writing work required an experienced writer. You can share your samples with u... 
 Did you write anything before on any topic, blog, article? If yes, then we are interested in your writing skills. Our blog and content writing work required an experienced writer. You can share your samples with us. Our budget is 0.15ppw (So, only apply if you agree with the rates) 
 Skills:  Academic Writing ,  Article Writing ,  Blogs ,  Content Writing ,  Travel Writing 
 Client:  parmish.v  ,  India 
 Immediate Hiring Of Freelance Article/Blog Writers for Long Term 
 FIXED PRICE : 5,000 - 20,000 Rs.   Article Writing  Posted: 2 days ago Ends: 05th Mar 2021  24 Proposals 
 We looking for experienced freelance content writers for our long term content writing projects. It will be daily writing job. Need to immediate start Apply with your quote per 500 words with contact E mail 
 We looking for experienced freelance content writers for our long term content writing projects. It will be daily writing job. Need to immediate start Apply with your quote per 500 words with contact E mail 
 Skills:  Content Writing ,  Blogs ,  Article Writing 
 Client:  contentosoft  ,  India 
 Articles for Tamil website 
 FIXED PRICE : Less than 5000 Rs.   Article Writing  Posted: 2 days ago Ends: 05th Mar 2021  1 Proposals 
 I need Tamil articles for my Share market/Stock market blog. Conditions : 1) Word count should upto 1500 . 2) You have to pass the copyscape. 3) Content should be grammatically correct 4) Samples needed 5) 0.20/ppw... 
 I need Tamil articles for my Share market/Stock market blog. Conditions : 1) Word count should upto 1500 . 2) You have to pass the copyscape. 3) Content should be grammatically correct 4) Samples needed 5) 0.20/ppw Only those who are interested in this rate bid me. 
 Skills:  Technical Writing ,  Copywriting ,  Content Writing ,  Blogs ,  Article Writing 
 Client:  dinesh.865  ,  India 
 Document alignment 
 FIXED PRICE : Not Sure  Reports  Posted: 2 days ago Ends: 05th Mar 2021  4 Proposals 
 We must implement a lot of SOP's / Protocols for which a lot of documents would be created / used from our repository to suit the needs of the project. The documents will be created by different department like SCM... 
 We must implement a lot of SOP's / Protocols for which a lot of documents would be created / used from our repository to suit the needs of the project. The documents will be created by different department like SCM, Nursing, General Operations, HR, Hospital Engineering Services and Biomedical Team etc. Proofreading and corrections have been done to meet the international language standards. This project would be for the next 2 months minimum and further extended basis the deliverables that span out from the project. The task is to align all the documents with reference to the guidelines and SOP format which will be shared. The document has already been vetted, alignment also to an extend has been done. We would want you to review the documents /files that will come in the form of Word Document/ Excel File / Project Report etc to be fine tune and aligned. Do let me know if this excites you and if you would be willing for this assignment. We would prefer to have someone who would be able to churn the documents in a quick turnaround time. Please share your profile and the work engagement model how we could take this forward. 
 Skills:  Medical Writing ,  English ,  Editing ,  Academic Writing ,  Microsoft Word 
 Client:  sid.maths 
 Experienced Content writers. 
 FIXED PRICE : Not Sure  Article Writing  Posted: 2 days ago Ends: 05th Mar 2021  23 Proposals 
 Hello Writers, I am looking for genuine and full time freelancer for long term. Who can provide High quality content, with 100% unique and Grammar error free articles. Please share relevant work samples. The offere... 
 Hello Writers, I am looking for genuine and full time freelancer for long term. Who can provide High quality content, with 100% unique and Grammar error free articles. Please share relevant work samples. The offered compensation is 135Rs/500 words Detailed project description will provided to selected candidates. Writer should be responsive. 
 Skills:  Creative Writing ,  Copywriting ,  Content Writing ,  Blogs ,  Article Writing 
 Client:  tech4hotel  ,  India 
 Rahul - Researchers 
 FIXED PRICE : Greater than 100,000 Rs.   Reports  Posted: 2 days ago Ends: 05th Mar 2021  5 Proposals 
 H! Al! Need researchers ASAP for the following assignments. Assignment 1: Indian education system (school franchise) (Nursery to 12th) Data like: 5 years trend Current status Operation model Market worth Maj... 
 H! Al! Need researchers ASAP for the following assignments. Assignment 1: Indian education system (school franchise) (Nursery to 12th) Data like: 5 years trend Current status Operation model Market worth Major players Competition Profitability Demand-Supply Future scope Assignment 2: Document verification agencies in the US Data like: What's document verification? 5 years trend Players Competition Market worth Potential Technologies used Future scope Regulation to enter this industry Assignment 3: Education system of Mauritius (senior secondary, 11, 12 and college) Data like: 5 years trend Enrollments How many schools / colleges? Disposable income Current status Funding Players Demand-Supply Regulation If you or any of your friends are interested, please revert to me ASAP. Best! - Indrajit 
 Skills:  Report Writing 
 Client:  animax 
 Freelance Content Writers Needed 
 FIXED PRICE : Not Sure  Blog Writing  Posted: 2 days ago Ends: 04th Mar 2021  9 Proposals 
 We are looking for freelance content writers (2) who can start immediately, as our current writer, who was working full-time for us, has to take a step back. We expect you to do at least 2k words per day. You should be o... 
 We are looking for freelance content writers (2) who can start immediately, as our current writer, who was working full-time for us, has to take a step back. We expect you to do at least 2k words per day. You should be okay with writing on a range of niches - gambling, technical, visas, and more. The offered compensation is 135Rs/500 words, paid weekly for the first few weeks via bank transfer. Apply with your samples, and only if you are okay with the offered payment. Ensure that the first letter of your application starts with the word Goa so we know you are okay with the terms and conditions. *agencies please excuse 
 Skills:  Article Writing ,  Blogs ,  Content Writing ,  Copywriting ,  eBooks 
 Client:  writersrequired 
 Writers Required 
 FIXED PRICE : 5,000 - 20,000 Rs.   Copywriting  Posted: 3 days ago Ends: 03rd Mar 2021  12 Proposals 
 Hello Writers, I am looking for long term writers for different writing jobs:- 1) Copywriters ( For sales copy, Email newsletters etc) 2) Script Writers ( for videos) 3) E- Book writers and editors 4) Content Cre... 
 Hello Writers, I am looking for long term writers for different writing jobs:- 1) Copywriters ( For sales copy, Email newsletters etc) 2) Script Writers ( for videos) 3) E- Book writers and editors 4) Content Creators for social media Bid with your desire writing post and relevant samples ( If you are applying for script writers then only share script writing samples ) Rate is 20PPW Bid with following Information:- - Preference job - Relevant Samples 
 Skills:  Sales Writing ,  Script Writing ,  Web Content 
 Client:  digiindia  ,  India 
 Content Writer Required to Write Product Descriptions and Reviews 
 FIXED PRICE : 5,000 - 20,000 Rs.   Article Writing  Posted: 3 days ago Ends: 03rd Mar 2021  18 Proposals 
 I am looking for a content writer who is capable of writing product descriptions in a reasonable length of words. Kindly read the requirement and remuneration details carefully and apply if that suits you. Products wi... 
 I am looking for a content writer who is capable of writing product descriptions in a reasonable length of words. Kindly read the requirement and remuneration details carefully and apply if that suits you. Products will be related to home needs, kitchen items, etc. Looking for someone who are passionate about these topics and willing to get deep into it to help others in buying products from these categories. 1. Product links will be provided and you will have to write a "DESCRIPTION & REVIEW" on that product. The review must have both positives and negatives about the product. However, your description and review must create a sense of importance about the product to convince the reader/visitor to buy it. 2. You should be capable of writing long and short "review or description" about any given product. 3. Most of the products given to you will be about housekeeping, household items, kitchen & cooking stuff, etc. 4. Absolutely, there should NOT be any copied content in your written description or reviews. YES, you can take inputs & contents from other source but they must be rewritten or completely presented in your OWN WORDS. 5. No beating around the bush - The content / description / reviews you are writing must add value to the product. It must educate the readers about the product. It must help the customers or readers to know about the product. It must truly convey the pros and cons of the product and its other dimensions as well, if available. Your content must help the readers to make decision about their purchase. Content should not be misleading and at the same time, it shouldn't be without any value to the topic. 6. Number of articles required would be 1 a day. One article does not mean one product. An article would consist product description and review of as many products between 5 to 10. 7. Since these contents are to be used on affiliate site, kindly make sure you possess the skill and ability to write accordingly and CONSISTENTLY. This is an ongoing project. If you are willing to take up this project, please make sure to prepare your mind to be a part of this project and its success, throughout. Payout will be on a monthly basis or bi-weekly. If found any violation in the content like plagiarism, you will be discontinued from the project and will not be paid for the corresponding days and or articles in question. 
 Skills:  Content Writing ,  Sales Writing ,  Article Writing 
 Client:  cinibits  ,  India 
 Affiliate Content Writer 
 FIXED PRICE : Less than 5000 Rs.   Article Writing  Posted: 16th Jan 2021 Ends: 02nd Mar 2021  10 Proposals 
 Hello Writers, I am looking for genuine and full time freelancer for long term. Who can provide High quality content, with 100% unique and Grammar error free articles. Fix price Rs. 75/- for 500 words article no n... 
 Hello Writers, I am looking for genuine and full time freelancer for long term. Who can provide High quality content, with 100% unique and Grammar error free articles. Fix price Rs. 75/- for 500 words article no negotiation, payments made on time. Please share relevant work samples. Detailed project description will provided to selected candidates. Writer should be responsive. Please bid only if you agree with the price. Happy Biding!!! ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Additional Information Added on 16th Jan, 2021 Person who can handle 2000 words on daily basis will be preferred 
 Skills:  Article Writing ,  Content Writing ,  Copywriting 
 Client:  ss1806  ,  India 
 Content Writers Needed To start from TODAY 
 FIXED PRICE : 5,000 - 20,000 Rs.   Article Writing  Posted: 16th Jan 2021 Ends: 02nd Mar 2021  19 Proposals 
 Hello Writers We are currently in a need of content writers for various websites. the main expertise should be in tech. We have more than 100 topics ready along with us and we need a right candidate who can get it don... 
 Hello Writers We are currently in a need of content writers for various websites. the main expertise should be in tech. We have more than 100 topics ready along with us and we need a right candidate who can get it done for us. Please do not waste time if you do not agree with the rates and requirements. We need 100% unique manually written content everyday. You will be given topic by us and you have to write on it. The words will vary from 800 to 1300 words. It can be between that. You will be paid INR 150 per article irrespective of the word limit. Payments can be made initially to build up the trust and once you are onboard, we can pay you weekly or in every 15 days as per you. Please note that the pay is fixed and only apply if you can start from today. Also, mention your whatsapp number and your email address in your bids. Happy bidding. 
 Client:  writerskingdom  ,  India 
 Content Writers Needed 
 FIXED PRICE : 20,000 - 50,000 Rs.   Article Writing  Posted: 15th Jan 2021 Ends: 01st Mar 2021  45 Proposals 
 We are looking for a content writer who can write blogs, article, website content etc. Only fresh and unique content. No copy or plag content. The write-ups will be on Travel and General Topics. There is a bulk of ... 
 We are looking for a content writer who can write blogs, article, website content etc. Only fresh and unique content. No copy or plag content. The write-ups will be on Travel and General Topics. There is a bulk of work, but I want sincere and dedicated writers who wish to learn and love writing. Only individual writers apply. Not for companies! 1. Need grammatically correct articles. 2- Able to produce quality work in short deadlines. 3- No spinning etc. Handwritten original articles. 4- Pay will vary between 25-35 PPW. 5- Payment will be made Weekly or Monthly. 
 Skills:  Academic Writing ,  Article Writing ,  Blogs 
 Client:  sr98  ,  India 
 Need an experienced writer for our team - Read carefully and apply 
 FIXED PRICE : Not Sure  Article Writing  Posted: 15th Jan 2021 Ends: 01st Mar 2021  21 Proposals 
 Blindly bidding on the job without reading completely will end up in rejection. Our team is looking for an experienced writer who can dedicate 4-5 hours a day when required. At times when the work is slow, lesser numb... 
 Blindly bidding on the job without reading completely will end up in rejection. Our team is looking for an experienced writer who can dedicate 4-5 hours a day when required. At times when the work is slow, lesser number of hours is fine. 1- No grammatical mistakes in the content is expected. 2- Should be able to write on all niches including - Travel, dating, Home improvement etc. If you have any issues writing for dating niche, no need to apply. Its better to let those apply who do their work professionally. Ours is mostly non technical and hence we do not need technical writers. 3- Should be able to take up work from the team responsibly and deliver on time. 4- No teams or freelance companies who outsource the work to others. A big no from my side. Only individual freelancers apply. 5- If you have too much time constraints and are busy with already existing work, please excuse but we need more hours when needed. 6- The prices do vary a bit between 20-30 ppw paid weekly. 7- Since the work volume is high, we need consistency. 8- Non plagiarised content. If you think you match up all these requirements, do send us some of your published urls or writing samples. Also mention your charges in the bid. 
 Skills:  Grammar ,  Article Writing ,  Content Writing ,  English 
 Client:  punefirst  ,  India 
 Previous 1  2   3   4   5   6   7   8   9   Next   Last 
 NAVIGATE 
 How it Works 
 Fees & Pricing 
Register 
 Blog 
 Help 
 Contact Us 
 FIND FREELANCERS BY EXPERTISE 
 
 
 
 Developers & Programmers 
 
 PHP Developers 
 
 
 
 
  Graphic Designers 
 
 Photoshop Experts 
 
 
 Article Writers 
 
 Creative Writing 
 
 
 Data Entry & Admin 
 
 MS Excel Consultants 
 
 
 Sales & Marketing 
 
 Internet Marketing 
 
 
 Accountants & Legal 
 
 Finance Consultant 
 
 
 
 FIND FREELANCERS BY LOCATION 
 
 
 
 Freelancers In India 
 
 Freelancers In New Delhi 
 
 
 
 
 Freelancers in Noida 
 
 Freelancers in Hyderabad 
 
 
 Freelancers in Mumbai 
 
 Freelancers in Jaipur 
 
 
  Freelancers in Kolkata 
 
  Freelancers in Bhopal 
 
 
 Freelancers in Bangalore 
 
 Freelancers in Punjab 
 
 
 Freelancers In Ahmedabad 
 
 Freelancers In Chennai 
 
 
 
 LOOKING FOR FREELANCING JOBS? 
 
 
 
 Fresher Jobs 
 Part Time Jobs 
 IT Jobs 
 Work from Home Jobs 
 Online Jobs 
 
 
 
 
 Web Design Jobs 
 Technical Writing Jobs 
 Freelance Writing Jobs 
 Accounting Jobs 
 Legal Jobs 
 
 
 Mobile Development Jobs 
 Data Entry Jobs 
 Game Development Jobs 
 Photography Jobs 
 Medical Writing Jobs 
 
 
 AutoCAD and 3D Jobs 
 HR Jobs 
 SEO & Marketing Jobs 
 Corporate Trainer Jobs 
 Web Development Jobs 
 
 
 
       
 Copyright (C) 2012-2020   WorknHire Technologies Pvt. Ltd. . All Rights Reserved. 
 To Top 
