Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 FNMI Lead / Counselor (0.354 FTE) (EPE) - Temporary 
 Elk Island School Division 
 __Fort Saskatchewan, AB 
 Apply Now 
 Elk Island Public Schools (EIPS) is one of the largest school divisions in Alberta, serving the education needs of approximately 17,150 students in 43 schools. Every day, the staff and students of EIPS are encouraged to pursue opportunities to grow and to discover their passions in life. We pride ourselves on providing our staff and students with the tools to achieve success by offering dynamic programming, up-to-date resources and practical professional learning opportunities. 
 EIPS is recruiting a temporary part-time (0.354 FTE) FNMI Lead/Counselor at École Parc Élémentaire (EPE). 
 École Parc Élémentaire is a K-6 school with approximately 247 students, 16 teaching staff, and 12 support staff. The school is located in the town of Fort Saskatchewan, Alberta approximately 25 kilometers north of Sherwood Park, Alberta. 
 We are a diverse French Immersion and PALS learning community that inspires a love of learning, encourages student individuality and promotes global citizenship in a safe, caring and enriched environment. We value the importance of strong learning partnerships between students, teachers, parents and the community, while each student to be successful to his/her greatest capacity. We value the development of a positive attitude toward learning while celebrating and enhancing personal strengths. 
 The FNMI Lead is responsible for supporting FNMI students and families as well as providing FNMI leadership and support for staff in programming and curricular outcomes. A master's degree in counselling and registered or provisional psychological status is preferred. Consideration will be given to applicants presently working on a master's in this area. This position includes an academic and a literacy component. 
 Commencing January 6, 2021 
Ending June 28, 2021 
Open to internal and external applicants 
Schedule is flexible 
The ability to speak French is an asset 
 Qualifications: 
Bachelor of Education degree 
Valid Alberta Teaching Certificate 
Effective organization and classroom management skills 
Ability to create a classroom environment where students feel safe, supported, and challenged 
Excellent verbal and written skills 
Experience or familiarity analyzing data and using data to inform decisions and/or instruction 
Strong collaboration and teamwork skills 
Growth mindset and ability to use feedback to improve practice 
Relentless drive to set and achieve personal and professional goals 
 For more information, please contact Daniel Verhoeff, Principal, at 780-998-3741 or email Daniel.Verhoeff@eips.ca. 
 Only online applications will be accepted. 
 Elk Island Public Schools appreciates and considers all applications; however, we only contact candidates who are selected for interviews. 
 “If you require assistance with the application system, please call Apply to Education at 1-877-900-5627 or email info@applytoeducation.com.” 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
