WORK WITH INDIES beta 
 Newsletter 
 Browse Jobs 
 Art & Animation 
 Audio 
 Business & Operations 
 Design 
 Marketing & Community 
 Production 
 Programming 
 QA & CS 
 Writing 
 Post a Job 
 Back to all jobs See allProgrammingjobs 
 Game Developer 
 2Awesome Apply for this Job 
 Posted 
 December 8, 2020 
 Contract 
 Anywhere 
 Remote 
 We’re looking for a Game Programmer to join our team. As a Game Programmer you will work in the implementation/programming of gameplay and UI-related features into our own games. You will be part of the development team, working closely with designers, producers, artists and game programmers. You will also help us develop all in-house technology that we use to work with current and next-gen consoles. 
 ‍ 
 ‍  Minimum requirements 
 
 Portfolio / samples of your work 
 Passion for video games 
 Knowledge of OOP concepts and any OOP language (C++, C#, Java, etc.) 
 Strong problem solving skills 
 3+ years of industry experience within a recognised game engine (UE4, Unity, Gamemaker or in-house solution such as frostbite), preferably Unity 
 Good English oral and written communication skills 
 Good positive attitude and outlook, self-motivated, and a great team-player 
 Good communication and problem-solving skills 
 Have a proactive work ethic  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 Desired requirements 
 
 Knowledge/Experience in C++ 
 Knowledge/Experience in GameMaker 
 1+ published titles: Game production can be long and/or complex. However, having at least one published game can show that you are familiar with the full development process and the challenges that are ahead 
 Experience integrating Multiplayer features 
 Experience with current-gen (Xbox One, PS4 etc.) console development 
 Experience with mobile platforms such as Android and iOS 
 Basic knowledge of 3D editors and other game engines 
 General knowledge of design patterns, algorithms, and data structures 
 Availability in the EU timezone  ‍ 
 
 ‍ 
 Benefits 
 
 A good working environment within a group of motivated colleagues 
 Flexible schedule 
 Horizontal and agile organization 
 Passion for video games 
 36h week (with same salary as 40h week) 
 And many more things that you will discover... join us to find out! 
 
 ‍ 
 How to Apply 
 Along with your application, please send us your code samples (preferably a link to your own github) that you show to us your great coding skills :-) . 
 Please send your application to: jobs at 2awesomestudio dot com, using the following subject line: 2Awesome Studio - Game Programmer 
 Join us and help us bring great ideas to life ! 
 ‍ 
 ‍  About 2Awesome Studio  ‍ 
 2Awesome Studio  is an independent game development studio and indie publisher whose mission is to add awesomeness to reality by developing video games with new and addictive mechanics and finding games that are equally awesome to publish. No matter the genre, platform, or IP, we bring great ideas to life. Our teams work, among other titles, our new unannounced title, a 2D cyberpunk action platformer with a focus on combat and mobility, Aeon Drive, the Switch version of Othercide (a AAA game from Focus interactive), and more…. for all major consoles and PC. 
 We're currently working on Aeon Drive, a speedrun action platformer set in Cyberpunk Barcelona. Jackelyne, with her sword, teleportation dagger and unique skill to control time has to retrieve faulty pieces of dimension-bending machinery in order to preserve the space-time of the universe. 
 ‍ 
 ‍ 
 Apply for this Job 
 related jobs 
 Spry Fox is hiring a Engineering Leadto join their team into work fromAnywhereEngineering LeadSpry Fox | AnywhereLearn More 
 Jackbox Games is hiring a Senior Gameplay Engineerto join their team into work fromChicago, ILSenior Gameplay EngineerJackbox Games | Chicago, ILLearn More 
 Jackbox Games is hiring a Fullstack Web Engineerto join their team into work fromChicago, ILFullstack Web EngineerJackbox Games | Chicago, ILLearn More 
 Herobeat Studios is hiring a Programmerto join their team into work fromAnywhereProgrammerHerobeat Studios | AnywhereLearn More 
 sunset visitor is hiring a Unity Developerto join their team into work fromCanadaUnity Developersunset visitor | CanadaLearn More 
 BlitWorks is hiring a Junior Unity Engineerto join their team into work fromBarcelona, ESJunior Unity EngineerBlitWorks | Barcelona, ESLearn More 
 Indie games are wonderful. So are the people that make them. 
 Make wonderful games. Be wonderful people. Work With Indies. 
 Thank you for joining the Work With Indies newsletter! The next issue will arrive on Sunday. 
 Oops! Something went wrong. Please try again. 
 *Sign up to receive a weekly digest of new indie career opportunities. 
 WORK WITH INDIES 
 We’ve been lucky to have some incredible jobs working at and partnering with some of the biggest brands in video games. 
 But we’ve never had more fun and been more fulfilled than when we were working with indie game developers. 
 Everyone in games should have that much fun. 
 Our hope is that Work With Indies will connect job seekers with the most rewarding, most inspirational, and most fun jobs they've ever had. 
 NAVIGATION 
 
 Post a Job 
 Terms 
 Privacy 
 RSS 
 Communities 
 Nick's Cat 
 
 CONTACT US 
 
 
 nathan@workwithindies.com 
 twitter.com/workwithindies 
 facebook.com/workwithindies 
 
 ^ 
 Made by 
 @natethenate 
 and 
 @nsuttner 
 for people who 
 indie games. 
 © 2021  A Lot of Happy LLC 
