Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Paramedics in Northern Indigenous Communities 
 Medavie Health Services 
 __Canada 
 Apply Now 
 Medavie Health Services (MHS) is a health care delivery company that provides ground and air ambulance services, medical communications, clinical training, and community health solutions. Every day, our 4,300 paramedics, nurses, extra-mural program teams, dispatchers, fleet and administrative staff work to improve the lives of people in communities across the country and respond to more than a million calls each year. 
 Through a newly-received contract awarded by Indigenous Services Canada (ISC), Medavie Health Services is providing a surge capacity response to remote Indigenous communities in northern Ontario, Manitoba and Saskatchewan. Just as paramedics do in their home communities, they will provide direct patient care and consultation, and assist with local health care programs. Most importantly, they will work alongside other health care professionals in these communities, including First Nations and Inuit Health Branch-employed nurses, ensuring that nursing stations and health centres can continue to provide life-saving care to their communities. 
 Travel to these communities will be provided. All applicants must be a certified Primary or Advanced Care Paramedic, hold a valid driver’s license, as per provincial requirements, and have a minimum of one year experience (1,500 working hours). Paramedics will report to the Charge Nurse at the First Nation community’s Nursing Station or Health Care Station, where they will be based. Posting to other locations within the community might occur, as required to meet operational needs. 
 If you are a Primary Care Paramedic or Advanced Care Paramedic, this is a rare opportunity to utilize your professional skills in Canada’s Indigenous communities, immersed in the cultures of Canada’s First Nations and Inuit peoples. 
 Contract length: 1 month 
 Job Types: Full-time, Temporary 
 Salary: $50.00-$56.25 per hour 
 COVID-19 considerations: 
Self-Isolation prior to assignment may be required 
 Experience: 
 
 paramedic: 1 year (Required) 
 
 Work remotely: 
 
 No 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
