Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Senior Recruiter 
 Canopy Growth Corporation 
 __Smiths Falls, ON 
 Apply Now 
 Kanata, Ottawa, ON, Canada ● Smiths Falls, ON, Canada ● Toronto, ON, Canada Req #3251 
October 19, 2020 
 The Company 
 At Canopy Growth, our mission is clear:  improve lives, end cannabis prohibition, and strengthen communities. We believe that cannabis can be a force for good. We’re building a consumer-centric organization that is focused on sharing the transformational potential of cannabis with the world. We will achieve this through an innovative and disruptive portfolio of cannabis and hemp-derived products. 
 With millions of square feet of licensed production capacity and operations spanning four continents, Canopy Growth is the world's leading cannabis and hemp company. We recognize that employees are at the core of our success, and we take pride in a corporate culture that emphasizes inclusiveness, collaboration, and diversity. 
 Our employees come from a wide range of backgrounds, each bringing their own unique skills and talents to the table, working together to continue our incredible momentum of growth. If you are interested in building global challenger brands, scaling a business, and working in a values-driven environment, we want to hear from you! 
 The Opportunity 
 We are seeking a Senior Recruiter with the passion, positive drive and agility to deliver sophisticated, high-volume recruiting initiatives for a variety of roles. As a professional Senior Recruiter, you are a natural problem solver, a consultant to your hiring managers, and have a mindset for continuous improvements with the goal to elevate the recruiting experience. As a talent expert, you will understand how to execute regional strategies to meet the needs of the business and understand what best-in-class sourcing looks like. Our recruiting team works collaboratively and will look to this person to contribute to projects and other team initiatives. 
 As part of our recruiting team, you’re charged with finding people who bring an entrepreneurial spirit, ingenuity and passion for what they do to Canopy Growth! 
 Responsibilities 
 Participate in all aspects of the full-cycle recruitment process for multiple roles. Activities include but not limited to: 
Establishing recruitment timelines; 
Preparing job postings for internal and/or external posts; 
Screening candidates against job qualifications; 
Conducting telephone interviews; 
Providing input on appropriate selection tools; 
Communicating results (e.g. offering position or declining a candidate); 
Providing feedback on recruitment process and/or results as required; 
Supporting other recruitment initiatives as required. 
Tracking current requisitions and providing reports as needed 
Consistently delivering a best-in-class experience to all candidates applying to the organization 
Maintain accurate, up-to-date and complete personnel records 
Ensure compliance with relevant employment legislation for Canada, US and Europe 
Prepare job descriptions, job postings and other recruitment documentation using Microsoft Office, Ceridian Dayforce and other recruiting networks such as Linked In. 
Check prospective employee references 
Participate in selection panels to evaluate candidates when required 
Maintain human resources information and related record systems in compliance with applicable legislation 
Other duties as assigned 
 Experience 
Five to seven years of recruitment and selection experience required 
Five years of experience in recruiting mid-level management to executive-level roles 
Exceptional organizational skills 
Exceptional record-keeping, tracking and reporting skills using software 
Strong knowledge of applicable employment legislation in Canada, US and Europe 
Ability to effectively communicate both verbally and in writing 
Ability to prioritize and manage conflicting demands 
Ability to work individually as well as part of a team 
Demonstrated time management skills 
High flexibility with strong interpersonal skills that allow one to work effectively in a diverse environment, with conflicting priorities 
Knowledge of and exposure to a range of human resources activities and recruitment in different industries 
Ability to handle sensitive or private information with tact and discretion 
Degree or diploma in Human Resources an asset 
Bilingualism (French and English) an asset 
 Other Details 
This is a full-time role based out of Smiths Falls, Kanata or Toronto, Ontario. 
 We appreciate the interest from all candidates, and promise to review all applications, but we will only be contacting those who best fit the requirements. If you don’t hear from us, don’t fret; every resume we get is kept in our database for six months for consideration in future searches for talent. 
 Canopy Growth welcomes and encourages applications from people with disabilities. 
 Accommodations are available upon request for candidates taking part in all aspects of the selection process. 
 One last note:  the chosen applicant will be required to successfully complete background and reference checks. 
 Thank you so much for your interest in Canopy Growth. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
