Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Dog Walker and Pet Sitter Montreal 
 Les Anges Gardiennes Pet Care 
 __Montréal, QC 
 Apply Now 
 Love the outdoors? Cold / Hot / Snow / Rain what ever the weather bring you can take it on! Being Active and traveling from place to place. Loving animals and wanting to help their parents to make the responsibilities easier for the.? 
 Rise up to new challenges every day and be rewarded with new adorable friendships. 
 Then join the puppy pile: our 5-star team of Angels is looking for you! We are currently looking for individuals wishing to: 
 
 Walk dogs 
 Pet sitting at pets home 
 Pup-sit or have sleepovers with puppies or golden-aged dogs 
 
 Benefits: 
 
 Extra Income: near your home or your other place of work 
 Support: our responsive admin team provides answers in real-time and deals with all the paperwork for you! 
 Insurance and training: for grooming and medical administration, as well as animal behaviour 
 Vet Tech Support: our experienced vet techs are there to answer all your animal-health questions 
 Pet Therapy: there is nothing like earning a bark of appreciation for a job well done! 
 Save on Gym Fees: staying active with a four-legged friend is a mini-leg day every day! 
 
 Best fit: 
 
 Athletic lifestyle 
 Students, teachers, retirees, working from home or individuals with a flexible schedule 
 Studying vet tech, vet assistant, pet therapy, animal care or biology 
 Midday weekday availability or all-day weekend availability 
 Must be available during Summer and Winter holidays 
 Must love to plan & organise ahead 
 
 Our Angels come from all walks of life, but loving pets and wanting to make sure they're healthy, comfortable and safe under our wings is a passion we all share! 
 Requirements: 
 
 General background check (must be 18 or over ) 
 Smart phone with data plan 
 Experience having animal companions or caring for them (at least one reference to contact) 
 Time management 
 Organize schedule including time constraints and route efficiently 
 Follow strick instructions and protocols 
 Light data entry 
 Reliable, trustworthy, committed and detail-oriented 
 
 Send email to info@ lesngesmtl.com 
 
 Updated CV 
 
 
 
 
 Cover letter ; why you will be a good fit for Les Anges Gardiennes 
 
 
 
 
 Area you live in ( Detailed) 
 
 
 
 
 Availabilities to work ( Detailed : days - time frame and how many hours are you looking for ) 
 
 
 
 Note : without required information , your application will not be processed 
 Job Type: Part-time 
 Experience: 
 
 Pet care: 3 years (Preferred) 
 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
