Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Volume Counter, Mail Operations - PIERREFONDS November 2019 
 Canada Post - Postes Canada 
 __Pierrefonds, QC 
 Apply Now 
 Job Requisition Id:  24830 
 Business Function:  Audit 
 Primary City:  Pierrefonds 
 Other Location(s):  Pierrefonds 
 Province:  Quebec (CA-QC) 
 Employment Type:  Part-Time 
 Employment Status:  Term 
 Language Requirement:  French Essential 
 Employee Class and Level:  UPCEA01 
 Working Hours:  8h00 to 11h00, monday to friday 
 Number of Vacancies:  14 
 Salary:  17,48$ 
 Job Closing Date (dd/mm/yyyy):  18/11/2019 
 Job Description 
Do you take pride in helping your community? Are you organized and attentive to detail? If so, there may be a great opportunity for you with Canada Post. 
 We require the temporary services of a Volume Counter, who will work under the direction of the Route Measurement Officer, to gather information about Letter Carrier routes. 
 Job Responsibilities 
 
 Assist in preparing offices for a volume count 
 Count letter mail and oversized mail in letter carrier cases on a block basis and record the total 
 Complete Letter Carrier Route sampling forms, obtaining the information from letter carriers 
 
 Job Responsibilities (continued) 
 
 Weigh mail for letter carrier delivery 
 Assist with analysis, using a calculator 
 
 Qualifications 
 
 Grade 10 or Secondary 4 
 Ability to read, write and communicate clearly and effectively 
 Strong listening skills 
 Basic math skills 
 Able to lift up to 23 kilograms (50 lbs) 
 Available to work for a minimum of 3 hours between the hours of 6:00 am to noon 
 Attention to detail, punctuality, professional demeanour 
 Ability to cooperate with others and follow direction well 
 
 Other Information 
 Beginning :  November 18th, 2019 
 End :  29th, November 2019 
 Work Schedule :  8:30 AM to 11:30 PM 
 Safety Sensitive Positions 
This position may be considered a Safety Sensitive position. 
 Employment Equity 
Canada Post is committed to employment equity and encourages applications from women, Aboriginal people, persons with disabilities and visible minorities. 
 Conflict of Interest 
The Conflict of Interest Policy prohibits employees from hiring, supervising or reporting to, directly or indirectly via the reporting hierarchy, their immediate family or close personal relations. Should you feel that you may be in an actual or potential Conflict of Interest in regard to this job opportunity, you must communicate with the designated Human Resources representative. 
 Accommodation 
If you are contacted by Canada Post regarding a job opportunity or testing, please advise if you require accommodation. 
 Important Message 
Your application must clearly demonstrate how you meet the requirements as Canada Post cannot make assumptions about your education and experience. We thank all those who apply. Only those selected for further consideration will be contacted. 
 Leadership Behaviours 
Decision Making – A champion of the organization who takes calculated risks and makes prudent, common sense decisions about current issues, future opportunities and resource requirements in a timely, well thought out manner, that aligns with the corporation's best interests. 
Accountability – An individual who strives for performance excellence and who holds him/herself and direct reports accountable for decisions and actions and for learning from mistakes when intended results are not achieved. 
Business Orientation – A proactive individual who understands the competitive nature of the business, and is committed to sustaining the business through excellent customer service and new business opportunities. 
Execution – A focused and self-motivated individual who acts with a sense of urgency and delivers on time and within budget, by dealing effectively with challenges and ambiguous situations. 
Leading People – A compelling communicator and leader who engages, motivates and inspires others to achieve results and who encourages personal growth and finding better ways of doing things. 
 Our Values 
Canada Post’s corporate values reflect the principles, beliefs and aspirations that guide our behaviour and shape our culture. 
Transformation – We will innovate and transform to win in the marketplace. 
Customer – We serve Canadians with pride and passion. 
Integrity – We act responsibly and with integrity. 
Respect – We treat each other with fairness and respect. 
Safety – We are committed to a safe and healthy environment for all our stakeholders. 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
