LicensingHandbook Archive 
 Licensing, negotiation and contracts. Who knew it could get interesting? 
 Menu Skip to content 
 
 Home 
 Home 
 About 
 
 Other Articles 
 
 
 Blog 
 Products 
 
 All Products 
 Other Recommended Products 
 Free Risk Matrix 
 Novatus Contract Management Solutions 
 Software Licensing Handbook 
 Software Licensing Education Series 
 
 
 Contact 
 
 FAQ 
 Privacy Policy 
 
 
 
 
 Category Archives: career 
 Employment 
 Leave a reply 
 Whether you have a job or are looking for a job, the time has come for contracts, procurement, sourcing and negotiating professionals to band together to help match each other with the right opportunities. 
 So, I would like to start a resume database. Send yours  here  and we'll see if there are opportunities that match the skills. 
 Oh, and if you have a job in this industry, let me  know about it . I won't send you resumes that don't at least match the basic requirements. 
 No money, no fees. No referrals, no spiffs. Just professionals helping professionals. 
 Net result? I dunno'. I make no promises. But if we can keep at least one person employed, I'll consider this experiment a success. 
 (Oh, and if someone would like to create an entire jobs board in my forums area,  contact  me to discuss it.) 
 This entry was posted in  career  on  February 17, 2009  by  jigordon . 
 Job at NRECA 
 Leave a reply 
 Stephen Guth, author of  The Contract Negotiation Handbook: An Indispensable Guide for Contract Professionals  and the  VMO-Blog , also happens to be the Executive Director of the Vendor Management Office at the National Rural Electric Cooperative Association. He's  looking for a Senior Procurement Specialist . Check it out. If you can't work for me, work for him…. and I'm not hiring. 😉 
 _ 
_ 
 This entry was posted in  career  on  January 12, 2009  by  jigordon . 
 Value of a Contracts Person 
 Leave a reply 
 I've been asked, at every job I've been on, to justify my existence. Some places just want to know what I do. Others really care about the dollar value of the role to the company. E-mail did it once. Another was a full-blown business case. But the end result is always the same - somehow, in some way, I have to convince someone who doesn't know what I do that I matter. So I figured that perhaps some of the lessons I learned could work for you, too. 
 Format  : Find what your organization wants, but typically, I suggest finding your organization's business case document and using it. Like being overdressed is better than being underdressed, so it is with the format. 
 Length  : If you don't have a business case template to follow, you should be able to justify yourself in under 2 pages. 
 Purpose  : Don't be super blunt. Explain the reason you're there: you bridge a gap between lawyers and technologists/executives. You have specialized skills. You have experience and training. You have the ability to protect the company. You have the capacity to complete deals more efficiently. 
 Cost  : You won't normally have access to other people's salaries. But you can make mild assumptions about counsel and executive salaries compared to yours. More specifically, you show that the time that a specialist such as yourself requires to close a deal is much less than those who are not specialists.. and as a result, you can get more done for your annual salary. This then allows counsel to work on more "important" things and prevents non-trained individuals from attempting to do the job (you have to come up with a smooth way of saying this within your company so as not to offend anyone). 
 Cost Savings/Avoidance  : If you've been in the game long enough, you'll have an idea of how much you can save your firm on an annual basis. But remember, this usually only works if you have access to all of the deals (not just those people want to hand you). So be careful about promising a given level of savings, but sometimes, you'll need to do so. 
 This entry was posted in  career ,  metrics ,  Uncategorized  on  October 17, 2008  by  jigordon . 
 Deal Coder 
 Leave a reply 
 My Macintosh-geekery is pretty extensive. I've got a solid collection of Apple-related paraphernalia, computers, advertising pieces, etcetera. Amongst the collection are about a hundred shirts (I'm not exaggerating here, ask my wife). One of them is relatively recent and it's one of the few that I wear, as the rest are pretty old. 
 This particular shirt is fairly plain - solid black with a white Apple logo on the back and in a rare departure from my preferred blank front, has "I (Apple logo) code." on the front, dead-center on the chest. When I wear it, I have always kinda' felt like a fraud. I don't program computers. The most I know are the names of the various languages: C, Perl, Java, Ruby on Rails, PHP, etc. But when asked, I always say that I couldn't code my way out of a paper sack. 
 I realized today that I'm wrong - to borrow a marketing slogan from Apple, I just needed to Think Different. Let's start with two definitions. 
 Code (n): a system of words, letters or symbols assigned to something for the purposes of classification or identification. 
 Program (n): a series of instructions to control operation. 
 Hmmm… I think I might actually fit into these with a little twist.  I  am a Deal Coder. Yep, that's right… I write code and programs. But you'd probably call it a contract. I take words and symbols and I combine them in a specific way to achieve a particular result. Each section of a contract is designed to address a specific set of circumstances. We even have what computer programmers call "comments" in our code - have you ever read a "Whereas" clause? It's just a place for us to explain the why behind our code. 
 Heck, we even use similar language to describe how we run our code -  execution . Oh, and we have buggy code, too. We issue contract revisions (amendments) much the same way a computer programmer provides bug fixes. And when we're done with our use, we  terminate  what we've done. 
 Like computer programmers, we not only have to learn the language we're coding in, but more specifically, as we improve, we have to learn how to refine the language we use. We clarify, we revise, we edit (see the work of Ken Adams in my blogroll). We reduce the bulk (bloat) where we can and we look for ways in which we can recycle code we've written before. Herein lays another overlap in language - we both have  toolboxes  of prior code that we use again and again to achieve a similar result. 
 So I am a Coder ( **  K ** oder? 😉 ) and I do love my particular form of code. I'm wearing my shirt today with a new found sense of pride! 
 Are you a Koder? 
 _ 
_ 
 This entry was posted in  career ,  contract format ,  contract management  on  June 25, 2008  by  jigordon . 
 Law School Advice 
 Leave a reply 
 I mention it from time to time, but I don't usually dwell on the fact that I went to law school. It was a fine education, and I had a good experience (no "hiding the book" type stuff - besides, doesn't everyone realize if you're the only one with the answer, everyone's going to know it was you who hid the book?). But I am not licensed to practice, I don't/can't advertise myself as an attorney… and I'm extremely satisfied both with the education received and with my career choice. 
 Apparently, people are going to law schools in droves these days (even when there  aren't the jobs  to support them  once they come out ). So when folks ask for my advice about applying and/or attending law school, I usually give some sort of pithy comment about making sure you  really  want to go - intended not to discourage, but to make sure you're in the right frame of mind to spend up to $150,000 and mostly cloister yourself for 3 years. 
 I was kinda' amused to see a  CBS Sports columnist commenting  on going to law school. But Clay's got it right (except for #14 -  Go Valpo !)… even if he comes across a little bitter. 
 So, if you're thinking about law school… give the column a read. Your ultimate decision to apply and/or attend is obviously up to you. But I will say this. If you're a contracts person like I am… and you love it, there's no must-have exclusive knowledge waiting for you in law school. Having the degree is an advantage in certain cases - but many of the best contract negotiators, reviewers and drafters have music, English and philosophy degrees, if that. 
 What they  do  all have in common is a thirst for understanding what they do and a desire to constantly improve. Law school won't give you that - you have to come that way. 😉 
 _ 
_ 
 This entry was posted in  career ,  law ,  work  on  June 19, 2008  by  jigordon . 
 Need a Contracts Guy? 
 Leave a reply 
 Experienced manager, contract negotiator, author and all-around nice guy seeks enlightened company who knows how to take advantage of these skills. 
 Resume available upon request, but if you're reading this, you already know what he can do. 🙂 
 Please  direct inquiries via e-mail . 
 This entry was posted in  career  on  June 4, 2008  by  jigordon . 
 Search for: 
 Recent Posts 
 
 FOSS licenses upheld! 
 Things that shouldn't count as force majeure 
 Third Party Providers 
 As the year draws to a close 
 Comic: Why you should have a lawyer negotiate your contracts 
 
 Archives 
 
 February 2010 
 January 2010 
 December 2009 
 November 2009 
 October 2009 
 September 2009 
 August 2009 
 July 2009 
 June 2009 
 May 2009 
 April 2009 
 March 2009 
 February 2009 
 January 2009 
 December 2008 
 November 2008 
 October 2008 
 September 2008 
 August 2008 
 July 2008 
 June 2008 
 May 2008 
 April 2008 
 March 2008 
 February 2008 
 January 2008 
 December 2007 
 November 2007 
 October 2007 
 September 2007 
 August 2007 
 July 2007 
 June 2007 
 May 2007 
 April 2007 
 March 2007 
 February 2007 
 January 2007 
 December 2006 
 October 2006 
 September 2006 
 
 Categories 
 
 amazon 
 amendment 
 ASP 
 assignment 
 audit 
 Baseline 
 blog 
 book 
 career 
 communication 
 conference 
 conference call 
 confidentiality 
 consideration 
 contract format 
 contract management 
 contract terms 
 contract types 
 copyright 
 current events 
 dispute resolution 
 distribution 
 document assembly 
 employment 
 enforceability 
 EULA 
 feedback 
 fees 
 Five Fundamental Skills 
 force majeure 
 fun 
 governing law 
 guest blog 
 information security 
 insurance 
 invoicing/payment 
 IP Indemnity 
 law 
 license grant 
 limitation of liability 
 lulu 
 maintenance 
 metrics 
 microisv 
 mistake 
 NDA 
 negotiation 
 news 
 Novatus 
 open source 
 Outsourcing 
 partnership 
 pricing 
 process 
 Professional Development 
 redundancy 
 Releases 
 revenue recognition 
 review 
 risk 
 risk matrix 
 SaaS 
 SL Ed Series 
 source code 
 speaking 
 statute of limitations 
 survival 
 taxes 
 templates 
 termination 
 trademark 
 transfer 
 trust 
 TWoTW 
 Uncategorized 
 usage 
 waiver 
 warranty 
 wiki 
 work 
 
 Meta 
 
 Register 
 Log in 
 Entries feed 
 Comments feed 
 WordPress.com 
 
 Blog at WordPress.com. 
 Privacy & Cookies: This site uses cookies. By continuing to use this website, you agree to their use. 
To find out more, including how to control cookies, see here:   Cookie Policy  
