Workopolis Logo 
 Job Title, Keywords 
 City, Province 
 Menu 
 
 Browse Jobs 
 Advanced Job Search 
 
 
 Français 
 
 
 
 Post a job 
 Sr. Team Leader, Telephone Banking Inbound 
 CIBC 
 __Toronto, ON 
 Apply Now 
 We’re building a relationship-oriented bank for the modern world. We need talented, passionate professionals who are dedicated to doing what’s right for our clients. 
 At CIBC, we embrace your strengths and your ambitions so you feel empowered at work. Our team members have what they need to make a meaningful impact and feel truly valued for who they are and what they contribute. 
 To learn more about CIBC, please visit CIBC.com 
 Job Description 
 What You’ll Be Doing 
 The Team Leader will provide direction, guidance, and support to a team of Financial Service Representatives in CIBC's Contact Centre. You’ll develop, coach and empower team members to provide clients with a superior sales and service experience. You’ll support employees in transferring the skills and knowledge they have acquired in training into success. 
 How You’ll Succeed 
 
 People Leadership – Develop a team of Financial Service Representatives through daily coaching and long term mentorship. 
 Relationship Management - Build a strong team spirit, encourage team leaders to work together and ensure an appropriate communication process is in place to facilitate information sharing. Provide visible leadership by frequently spending time on the floor and actively engaging with customer associates. 
 Data Analysis – Review and analyze various data including call activity and performance measures. Use data to identify and remove obstacles preventing optimal team performance. 
 
 Who You Are 
 
 You can demonstrate experience in leading a large team, preferably in a contact centre environment. Knowledge of the sales management principles and processes and the ability to apply this knowledge to manage the sales activities of their team. 
 
 You are a bold and authentic leader. You're passionate about developing and coaching to bring out the best in people. You have led diverse, high performing teams. 
 
 You act like an owner. You thrive when you're empowered to take the lead, go above and beyond, and deliver results. 
 Your influence makes an impact. You know that relationships and networks are essential to success. You inspire outcomes by making yourself heard. 
 Values matter to you. You bring your real self to work and you live our values - trust, teamwork, and accountability. 
 This is a call centre environment with 7 day operation, open from 7am to 1am, working extended hours and some weekends may sometimes be required. Some travel may also be required. 
 
 What CIBC Offers 
 At CIBC, our people are our greatest asset. You’ll become part of a diverse community that acknowledges everyone’s unique talents, and empowers teams to do what’s right for the client, and to do it well. As part of our team, you will: 
 
 Thrive: Benefit from an open and approachable culture that provides the flexibility and support you need to integrate your life at work and at home 
 Connect: Work in a place where the right technology and infrastructure fosters innovation, collaboration and creativity 
 Develop: Grow your skills and career through our best-in-class onboarding experience, ongoing learning opportunities, individual development planning, and comprehensive product training 
 Prosper: Share in our collective success with a competitive salary, incentive pay, banking benefits, health benefits program, and employee share purchase plan 
 
 What You Need to Know 
 CIBC is committed to creating an inclusive environment where all team members and clients feel like they belong. We seek applicants with a wide range of abilities and we provide an accessible candidate experience. If you need accommodation during the application or interview process, please contact Mailbox.careers-carrieres@cibc.com 
You need to be legally eligible to work at the location(s) specified above and, where applicable, must have a valid work or study permit 
 Expected End Date 
 2022-01-04 
 Job Location 
 Toronto-5650 Yonge St. 19th 
 Employment Type 
 Temporary (Fixed Term) 
 Weekly Hours 
 37.5 
 Apply Now 
 For Job Seekers 
 
 Find a Job 
 Advanced Job Search 
   New  Privacy 
 Privacy Center 
 Terms & Conditions 
 Security 
 
 Workopolis 
 
 About us 
 Contact Us 
 Site Map 
 
 (C) 2021 WP Online Holdings Limited - an Indeed partner. All rights reserved. 
 
 
 
 
 
